

A Dystopian Collection

by Clean Teen Publishing


THIS book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the authors' imagination or are used factiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

NO part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.  Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights.  Purchase only authorized editions.

Worlds Undone
Copyright ©2014
All rights reserved.

Cover Design by: Marya Heiman
Typography by: Courtney Nuckels
Editing by: Cynthia Shepp




The Woodlands
Project ELE
Concealed in the Shadows
The Bionics
Wind Warrior

Promotional chapters:
The Last Orphans
Wolves of the Northern Rift
Voodoo Moon




BY LAUREN NICOLLE TAYLOR

CLEAN TEEN PUBLISHING, INC.





For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at www.cleanteenpublishing.com.


For my friend Chloe,
without whom The Woodlands would never have 
made it out of the desk drawer.

And for my husband Michael, 
you are my Joseph.



BEFORE
When I was eight years old, I got the distinct and unsettling impression I was unsuited to life in Pau Brazil. That my life would go off like the single firework on Signing Day. A brilliant burst of shimmering color and noise that exploded in the sky momentarily, then disappeared into the black night air. 



A slip of yellow paper shot under the door in the evening, spinning across the floor like a flat top and colliding with my father’s foot. It was an official notice informing everyone that Superior Grant was visiting in three days’ time. He had a special announcement to make. 
Citizens scrambled to make their lawns more perfect than they were before. Uniforms were pressed and cleaned. All the children were expected to line up around the edges of the center Ring and await the great man himself.
I was excited, but my excitement had an edge of terror to it—this was a Superior. My father warned me to not get my hopes up. 
“He’s just a man, like the rest of us,” my father said as he knelt down to adjust my oversized uniform and tighten my ribbon. 
My mother tsked and fussed around in the kitchen. “Pelo, don’t say things like that to her. I don’t want you filling her head with your ridiculous ideas.”
His eyes darted to her for a second but then he locked on me. “Ideas are never ridiculous. Ideas are just that, ideas. Putting them into practice… now that’s when things get ridiculous,” he smirked.
I drew my eyebrows together, confused. He patted my head and took my hand. “C’mon, let’s get this farcical procession over with.”
“Pelo!” My mother’s angry foot stomp clacked on the tiles.
He put his hands up in the air in surrender. “All right, all right. I’ll behave,” he said, and then he winked at me. I beamed up at him. He was a shiny hurricane and I was happy to be swept away.
They were going to choose a child to come forward and ask Grant a question. Our nervous teachers had given each student a card with an innocuous question on it. I looked down at the printed piece of yellow cardboard. Mine said, ‘Superior Grant, how does it feel to be the descendant of the brilliant founder of the Woodlands?’ I frowned. I knew that Grant was descended from President Grant of the United States of Something or Other. We learned that at school. We were also taught that Grant was the initiator of the treaty; he orchestrated the signing in the last days of the Race War and negotiated peace. But this question was boring and I was sure no one would care about the answer. I would much rather have asked him what kind of food Superiors got to eat. Were they stuck with the hundred-year-old canned foods we were? The globs of vegetable that came out in one solid, gelatinous lump, identifiable only by their difference in color, as most of the labels had peeled off years ago. Green could be, but was not reserved exclusively, for peas. Orange for carrots, or maybe pumpkin. It goes on—an exciting Woodlands guessing game for ages four and up.
In my mind the Superiors must have been super-people. Beautiful, tall, and powerful.
I could barely contain my disappointment when Superior Grant stepped out of the helicopter. He was regular sized and a little overweight. He was handsome, but not like my father. It was the kind of handsomeness that required maintenance. Grey, slicked-back hair, manicured beard. He had the black military uniform on. Gold tassels swung festively in the wind created by the slowing chopper blades. 
Despite this, I still wanted him to pick me. I leaned into the circle, standing on my tiptoes. My parents were a few rows behind me, heads bowed solemnly.
I kept my eyes down when Grant came close, trying my hardest not to bounce up and down like some of the other kids who were reeling with nervous energy. When the boots stopped in front of me, I stopped breathing, still staring at my feet. 
A policeman tapped me on the shoulder sharply with a baton and said, “You. Ask your question.” I couldn’t believe it. And very suddenly didn’t want to.
I rubbed my shoulder and looked up into Superior Grant’s face, taking in his tight forehead and even tighter jaw. I tipped my head to the side, wondering what made him so special. When I realized I shouldn’t be staring, I cast my eyes towards my shaking cardboard question, barely able to see the typed words that seemed to want to jump off the page. I opened my mouth to speak but the way he was eyeing me made me freeze, the question sitting on my lips like an un-blown bubble. It was like I had suddenly grown extra limbs or had spots all over my face because his nose scrunched up and his eyes watered like he thought I was diseased.
He took a step closer and peered into my face. I leaned away, the musty, vinegary smell of his breath overpowering. “What’s wrong with her eyes?” he said in a strange drawn out twang, like ‘whaat’s wrawng with her eyeees?’
I felt anger rising inside me like an over-boiling pot. I glared at him. My father had taught me that my eyes were nothing to be ashamed of. It was uncommon but it didn’t mean there was anything wrong with me. I had one blue eye and one brown. So did my father. Grant raised an eyebrow, unperturbed by my narrowed eyes and reddening face. He placed his hand on my eyelid and lifted it, straining my eye socket. Then he moved to the other eye and did the same. I shook my head free of him and before I knew what I was doing, I smacked his hand away. 
I heard a couple of people in the crowd laugh but the rest seemed to have simultaneously stopped breathing. Behind me someone was moving through. Grant smiled down at me cruelly. 
“Poor decision, child,” he said smoothly. Then he turned and walked away. 
I barely had time to process my mistake when a policeman grabbed me by the scruff of my neck and pulled me upwards to face the crowd. He rattled me around like a bag of apples and I could feel my inside bruising. 
“See here. Here is lesson for all of you of how NOT to behave in the presence of Superior Grant.”
I saw my father’s wobbling figure moving towards me like a mirage. 
As my brain started to whip into a milkshake in my skull, it occurred to me that I shouldn’t have done what I’d just done. It also occurred to me in a dangerous revelation, that I wasn’t sorry at all.



Somehow my father managed to negotiate my release. Besides, the Guardian seemed anxious to catch up to Grant, who was moving on to the next group of children. He dragged me through the crowd and we crouched behind the stone wall of Ring One, listening to the faint, quivering voice of a child asking her question. “How do you weigh your wisdom against your strength, Superior Grant?” I had the odd thought—how could wisdom weigh anything?
My father clasped his strong dark hands around my face worriedly, turning it from side to side. “Are you all right?”
I nodded, fierce tears running down my face. “I think so. I didn’t like him very much.”
He shook his head, but amusement twisted his face, “You want to know a secret?” I nodded and he leaned down to my ear. “I don’t like him very much either,” he whispered.
The crackling and whining that always preceded an announcement on the PA system started and the Superior Grant’s elegant voice carried out over the sea of people. 
“I am here to announce the Superiors have decided large families pose a direct threat to the security of the Woodlands. Brothers, sisters, and the bonds that result create an US versus THEM culture, which is unacceptable and in direct opposition with All Kind.” He sounded bored as he talked. “Hence, we will allow each couple to house only one child at a time. This is not negotiable and any violations will be strictly dealt with.”
The crowd murmured but that was the extent of their opposition. 
Then he said, “Have your elder children available for collection by tomorrow morning.” 
The crowd hummed and then an angry voice splashed out and fell flat on the stones. “You can’t take our children!” Other voices began to rustle like the crackle of shifting leaves. 
I took a step up onto the ledge of the wall to get a better look. I watched as a policeman moved slowly but deliberately towards the man that shouted, with a face like horror. He took his baton and clapped the side of the man’s head, hard, to show they could do whatever they wanted. As it cracked, an arc of blood sprayed onto the faces of people closest, like droplets of red rain. The crowd fell back from the man’s crumpled body in a wave. A woman screamed and threw herself down beside him. The policeman joined the others, twirling his baton around in his hand and wiping the blood off on his pants. Everything went quiet, like the guardian had swished all the air out of the circle. If there were birds, even they would have ceased to breathe.
I looked to my father for his reaction. His face was white, his whole body shaking with anger, his mouth open slightly like he wanted to speak. Don’t speak, I prayed. 
He crouched down and shouted through the gaps between people’s legs, “President Grant is an insane dictator!” then stood up quietly and did a brilliant impression of a normal, frightened person. The policeman’s head snapped around and searched the crowd but no one was willing to point him out; they didn’t want to be punished.
He pulled me to him tightly and I clung on to his leg. 
“Are they going to take me away?” I asked naively. 
“No beautiful girl,” he whispered. “You are all we have.”
When we got home my parents fought like never before. I stayed in my room with my ear pressed to the wall. I couldn’t hear my mother at all but I caught my father’s response to everything she said.
“No.”
“Come on, it wasn’t that bad. She got away, didn’t she?”
“Yes, but she’s a child. She’ll learn to control herself.”
“Yes, exactly like me. I’m still here aren’t I? You’re being absurd. She needs her father.”
“You wouldn’t do that.”
Silence.
The next morning at school, my class was half-empty and half-full of red-eyed, stain-cheeked children who had lost their brothers and sisters.



In my child brain, where an hour could seem like a week and a gap of months seemed to go by in an instant, it was like my father was swapped with Paulo almost immediately. Suddenly, my mother was remarried, my father had disappeared, and where there was once warmth and laughter, there was only hardness. Looking back, I’m sure that’s not quite how it happened but like I said, I was eight.
Now, at sixteen, I was amazed I had lasted as long as I had. And after the twentieth time of my mother asking me why I was like this—I started to wonder myself.
I think the answer was a combination of things. The first being that I severely lacked that healthy dose of fear most people seemed to have. Fear being healthy, because not fearing the Superiors was about as good for you as a mugful full of bleach with your morning toast. The other reason, which took me longer to work out, was that even though I hated my father for leaving, I still wanted to hold on to him somehow. His memory was slippery and I struggled to get my hands around it. But when I did something unexpected, something to raise the eyebrows and sometimes the hands of my teachers, my father’s face became clearer in my mind, the edges sharpened. I could see him smiling at me crookedly and pretending to be cross even though I knew he wasn’t. These memories would pull in and out of focus like flipping photos.
And ultimately, when almost everything I did was controlled by the Superiors, by my teachers and by Paulo, I took what little control I could for myself and held onto to it fiercely.



It was a slow dust of a day. The earth swirled in mini tornados, scratching up the eight meter walls and slipping back down again, because in this place there was nothing for it to cling to. It skittered across the grass, kissing the blades, and tearing around the perfectly manicured trees that sat in the front yard of every home. Here in the rings of Pau Brazil, nothing settled—nothing ever could.



I shrugged on my grey uniform. My mother was right about it being cheap and nasty. It was itchy and it seemed to beckon hot air and repel cool air. It clung to the wrong parts of me and billowed unflatteringly everywhere else. I didn’t really care. Everyone looked the same so it didn’t matter. I let the back of the shirt fall, wincing a little as the rough cloth brushed against my sliced-up skin. I couldn’t quite see it but I could feel it lightly with my fingertips, raised ribbons of split flesh. New scabs were already forming over the old scars. I never gave it a chance to heal. Soon there would be fresh cuts to add to the healing ones. I gathered up my assignment papers and shoved them in my bag, placing my mother’s treasured mascara into my pencil case. She would kill me if she knew I had it. It was given as payment about ten years ago and she only used it sparingly and on very special occasions. Well, this was a special occasion, I thought as I smiled to myself. My lips fell quickly as I remembered today was Friday. Friday was the worst day.
I tried to get out before she saw me, edging along the faded carpet, the door just in my sights, but a hand grabbed the back of my shirt and gently halted my stride. I thought maybe she knew, but her face only showed the same exhausted apathy it always did.
“Rosa, please eat something before you go.” My mother sighed, her hand falling to her side. She looked tired, ill, a hazy shade of green sitting just beneath a layer of dark brown skin like she was being diluted. I rolled my eyes at her. 
“You don’t need to whisper, Mother. I’m sure Paulo approves of you feeding me. It’s the rules, remember?”
She nodded, her hand trembling a little as she put the kettle on and started the ridiculously particular process of making tea for her husband so it was just right. 
I listened for sounds of Paulo and heard the shower running. I nodded and picked up some toast. As I was spreading a very thin layer of jam on the bread with my mother eyeing my every move, I saw the billow of steam push out into the hall. He was out, and so was I. I slammed two pieces together and made a toast sandwich. Half walking/half running out the door, I yelled out, “Have fun sorting apples, Paulo. I hope you don’t end up in the off bin with the rest of the rotten ones!”
I turned around and saw my stepfather’s expression as the door rebounded open from me slamming it too hard. His dark face was a wrinkled mask of pure wrath. Good.
Satisfied, I walked to school following the curve of Ring Two until I reached the first gate. It was chilly and I cursed myself for not bringing a jacket. I sought out a sunny patch on the wall and stood with my back against it, stalling. The wall was warm where the sun touched it, yet it always gave me shivers. At least eight meters tall above ground and four meters under, I felt that trapped rat feeling and kept moving. I know not everyone felt this way but I couldn’t help it. We were trapped, even if they said it was for our own protection.
I scanned my wrist tattoo at the Ring gate. It opened reluctantly, groaning like it had just woken up. I passed through it, my eyes holding contact with the camera that was following my movements. Quietly laughing, I stepped backwards, then forwards, the small black eye zipping as it tried to follow my sporadic movements. When I was done teasing, it closed behind me only to be forced to creak open for someone else a second later. I wasn’t the only one who was running late. The difference being, when the gate opened, the other kids ran through it and sprinted to the school like their life depended on it. I took my time. Being tardy would result in a detention. I needed a detention.
I peered through the iron bars to see the older kids hanging around outside one of the classrooms, their backs against the grey-green rendered walls. This would have to be their last day. The five students exuded the stagnant combination of nervousness and hope—prisoners about to receive parole. I snorted to myself. There was no hope, just change. They were going off to the Classes in a few weeks’ time. 
I arrived at the school gate and scanned my wrist again. The double gates opened and I fell in to line with the stragglers. The neat rows of concrete classrooms looked dull and uninviting like the rest of the town. As I passed the older kids I heard a boy say, “Yeah, I’m hoping for Teaching or maybe Carpentry.” His voice sounded confident, but with an edge of resignation tacked on, making his voice sound strong at the start only to peter out by the time he got to the end of his sentence.
The girl standing next to him bumped his shoulder affectionately, her red-brown ponytail swinging and brushing his arm lightly. He flinched and pulled away like it bit him. “Maybe we’ll get in together. Wouldn’t it be great to be allocated the same Class?”
The boy shrugged. “Doesn’t much matter, we’ll be separated anyway, you know that.” 
Smart, I thought, the girl needed to be shot down now. There was no future for anyone from the same town. The great claw of the Superiors would make sure of that. I imagined it like a sorting machine, kind of like what Paulo did, but instead of apples, the Superiors sorted races and Classes. These kids were going to be plucked from Pau Brazil, thrown into the Classes, and separated out into Uppers, Middles, and Lowers. The boy was right, at the end of training at the Classes, they would certainly be separated. Kids from the same town were not allowed to marry.
As I rounded the corner and made my way into my first lesson, I snatched a glimpse of the hopeful girl’s face. It offended me. Her eyes were wide and brimming with moisture. I had little sympathy. This was the way things were. She needed to accept it. And really, she was lucky. I envied her. At least she was getting out of here soon.



First class. The teacher stood in front of us and asked us the same five questions she asked us every day. Pacing back and forth in her sensible shoes and friction-causing nylon stockings, she nodded as the class answered in unison. I scrunched up my nose; a woman that large shouldn’t pipe herself into stockings that tight. The way her thighs were rubbing together, I thought she might spontaneously combust. 
A while ago, I started formulating my own answers in my head. Different every time to beat the monotony. Today I went with a root vegetable theme.
“Who are we?” she barked in a low, almost manly voice.
“Citizens of the Woodlands,” a chorus of bored teenagers replied. 
I mouthed the words, ‘Various vegetative states of potatoes’.
“What do we see?”
“All kind,” we sung out loudly. The meaning lost on some but other eyes burned fiercely with belief. As a potato, I thought, and having no eyes. I am not qualified to answer that question.
“What don’t we see?”
“Own kind,” we said finitely. 
I muttered under my breath, “Everything, geez, I’m a potato.” I laughed to myself just at the wrong time, when the whole class was silent. The teacher gave me a sharp look, her black, olive-pit eyes narrowed.
“Our parents are?” she snapped, whipping her head to the front.
“Caretakers.”
“Our allegiance is to?”
“The Superiors. We defer to their judgment. Our war was our fault. The Superiors will correct our faults.” Our faults being that we had not yet developed into the super race that was to prevent all future wars. 
I looked around the classroom. Most were dark skinned or tanned, dark hair and dark eyes. One girl had conspicuously fair hair compared to her caramel skin; she was favored in the class since she looked like the ideal Woodland citizen. Her parents must have ‘mixed appropriately’. Kids like me were too dark, too short, and my eyes were undesirable to say the least. I shrugged; I would have had better luck currying favor if I really was a potato.
I peered down at my skinny, dark fingers, the cracks in my palms darker than the skin surrounding them. Two hundred and fifty years on, despite the purposeful splitting up of families and distribution of races amongst the towns, you could still tell where a person came from. You could tell that my mother was Indian, as you could tell that I was half Indian, half Hispanic. The whole, All Kind and Own Kind thing hadn’t worked the way they wanted it to. People didn’t choose their mates because of their race but they didn’t not choose someone because of their race either. I guess you can’t just mix everyone up and assume they’ll make the choice you want them to. 
My father used to say, ‘You can’t help who you fall for,’ but then he also said he thought the Superiors were about to change everything and start forcing us to mate with someone of their choosing. That was eight years ago and nothing had happened yet. I massaged my temples, feeling a slicing headache coming on. I hated him popping up in my mind without prompting and besides, my father was wrong about a lot of things.
The teacher smacked the table with the flat of her palm. “Good. Let’s begin.”
The first few classes went by as they always did. No one sat next to me, not that I cared. I was used to being treated like I radiated some awful smell. Sometimes I used to sniff my armpits and then look around the class. It got a couple of laughs, but didn’t endear me enough for anyone to sit next to me. I got into trouble, a lot. And it wasn’t because I was being treated unfairly or the teacher had a grudge. Trouble just found me. If there was a bad choice, I just had to make it, regardless of what would happen. I couldn’t stop myself.
I felt preoccupied, barely able to pretend I was listening to my teachers. I sat up straight, holding onto the edge of my old wooden desk like I was riding a wave, nervous excitement about my final class blowing imaginary wind through my hair.
Lunch, bell. 
As the bell shrilled out across the pathetic yard, I watched a child get dragged by her hair across the plastic lawn. Her little legs struggling to find a foothold so she could stand but just sliding uselessly across the dampness. My stale sandwich stuck in my throat. Tears were streaming down the poor girl’s face. She couldn’t have been more than nine. One of the policemen wrenched her head violently, trying to pull her to standing. Blood appeared at the nape of her neck as the hair pulled out of her skin. I saw her face contort and her small pink mouth form an O as she tried not to scream. 
 “I think she’s had enough, don’t you? You’ll pull her hair right out of her head,” I shouted. I had the students’ attention but it was morbid curiosity—no one would help me. In fact, I saw a couple of kids take a few steps back. Both policemen turned their heads my way. One of them sneered at me, his olive skin scrunched around a bulbous nose that twisted at me in disgust. He closed the gap between us in a few long strides. His eyes had that familiar hardness to them that most of the policeman had. His were a stiff set blue, with flecks in them like chipped paint. 
He laughed as he spoke, looking me up and down. “Are you talking to me, girl?” Meeting my eyes, he seemed confused as to which one to look at.
Don’t say it, I thought. If only that voice in my head was louder. “I don’t see anyone else trying to scalp a child, do you?”
His expression showed that was exactly what he had been hoping I would say. He retracted his elbow like he was loading an arrow to a bow and gave me a sharp punch to the stomach, hard enough to hurt but not hard enough to cause any permanent damage. Trained well. Part of my sandwich flew out of my mouth and I doubled over, winded. Feeling the pain spread like a stain soaking into cloth.
The policeman didn’t look back, but I could see his head swinging around, taking in the witnesses as he stormed back to his partner. Satisfied that no one of importance was watching, they continued dragging the young girl. Finally, she fainted from the pain and he scooped her up. Thankfully. Most likely her parents had done something. Probably something minor. The Superiors loved to make an example. I crossed my fingers I wasn’t going to be summoned to the center circle to watch another horrific punishment this week.



I drummed my fingers on the table in Mathematics, rubbing my sore stomach and seeing whether I could do both at once without messing it up by drumming my stomach and rubbing the desk. When I stuffed it up and started rubbing my hands across the small, wooden table, I took a pencil out and started tapping a rhythm instead. The kids around me leaned away, afraid to be sharing the same air as me. I looked up and teacher number five, whose name I couldn’t remember, was staring down at me. She snatched the pencil from my hands.
“Rosa!” she said, like it was a swear word. “Go stand at the back of the class with your face to the wall. I’ve had enough of your distracting behavior.”
I smiled at her sweetly. “Yes, Miss…um...” The teacher stared at me incredulously. Her thin tweezed eyebrows arched, her face creased in frustration. Damn, what was her name?
She put her hands on my shoulders and squeezed, digging her fingernails into my skin. “Mrs. Nwoso,” she said angrily. Blinking once slowly, I considered it.
“Oh yeah, Miss Knowitall,” I said, feeling her fingernails trying to touch each other through my flesh, burrowing a painful hole. She released me quite suddenly, shaking her head and showing her white teeth, which looked especially bright against her ebony skin.
“That’s not going to work on me today, Rosa. Stand facing the wall,” she pointed.
I shrugged and did what I was told, the eyes of my fellow classmates following me as I trudged between the neat rows of desks. I walked to the wall and leaned my forehead against a laminated poster about pi. Staring at it until my vision blurred and all I could see was the red of the circle, the numbers fading away with the monotonous tone of the teacher. The rings of Pau started to push to the front of my mind. I knew the rings were supposed to resemble a tree trunk but to me, the eight rings had always reminded me of the ripples in a puddle. And I was a stone, always trying to disrupt the order. Sending my own set of circles radiating out that didn’t match and didn’t line up with the ordered concrete.
I turned my cheek to the wall and stared out the window, watching the wind pick up leaves and bits of rubbish, hypnotizing myself and forgetting about my pain for a while. Sometimes I felt like the dust. Relentlessly banging my head against the walls, never getting anywhere. Always ending up in a pile somewhere, never in a corner though. There are no corners in a round world. Sleeting across the path, searching, settling for a second then pushed along, again and again. 
I was startled out my reverie when the door started opening and closing, sending vibrations through my jaw. I quickly grabbed my things and ran out. Miss Knowitall was yelling after me, but I pretended I didn’t hear her.



Last class, History. 
I hung my bag outside and retrieved the mascara, shoving it in my pocket. I pulled out my scrunched-up assignment and smoothed it out on my legs until it at least resembled a rectangle. I grinned and strode inside, ignoring the cramping in my stomach.
Everyone sat down and Mr. Singh read the roll. 
“Last week, I asked each of you to write about an incident from Woodland history or select your favorite Superior and detail how the incident or person had inspired or influenced your life. I ask that you read your assignment to the class and hand in the written part for me to mark later. Who would like to go first?”
No hands went up, so he picked someone. I rolled the mascara between my palms, rolling my eyes at the student’s extremely boring presentation, clearly plagiarized from the textbook. 
“…So the Superiors developed the Classes—a brilliant way to train the youth of the Woodlands, give them a purpose and a sense of fulfillment…” Ugh! Blah, blah, blah. It was a brilliant way to force children to work in jobs they would probably hate and blame it on a test. It was a brilliant way to take children away from their families, brainwash them, and fill them with Superior-loving rubbish. My brain shut me down before I yelled something out in class. Besides, thinking this way was pointless. I would have to go to the Classes too when I turned eighteen. I had no say in the matter.
“Excellent work, Miguel. Next please.”
I had to sit through a few more rambling presentations, each more sleep-inducing than the last, before Mr. Singh called out my name. 
“Rosa Bianca?” he said with a note of anticipatory fear in his voice. 
I took a deep breath and walked to the front of the class.



I stood before the class and held my paper in front of my face, my hands shaking a little; I patted my pocket for reassurance. Someone sneezed and I waited until the fit had ended before I started. I had the insane thought that maybe I really was dust and the corner of my mouth turned up in a suppressed smile.
“Get on with it, child,” Mr. Singh said impatiently.
“Superior Grant is the lawmaker of the Woodlands. His carefully weighted and wise decisions have brought prosperity to the Woodlands,” I said, rolling back on my heels, hands clasped behind my back. Trying my hardest to look like the model student. 
I went on to describe several of Grant’s laws. The one about people from the same town not being permitted to marry, the one about children not being allowed into certain Rings to preserve their innocence and maintain their safety. I also mentioned Grant’s failed law, when he stated that people with the same eye color couldn’t marry. This had turned out to be a huge mistake as almost everyone, in our town anyway, had brown eyes. This law was reversed after one year when the birth rate plummeted and the poor, blue-eyed people in our town were being harassed. Singh’s face pinched at my use of the word failed but I quickly covered it by saying that Grant was not so proud that he couldn’t admit a mistake and correct it. By this time, I had Singh slightly less unimpressed and the rest of the class was half asleep.
“The one-child law was Grant’s most recent law. The law was made to protect the philosophy of All Kind on which our society is based. It has also raised the level of competence in schools and at the Classes five-fold due to the focused attention on one child rather than several and has therefore been a successful endeavor.”
I looked to Singh. He was nodding along encouragingly. 
It was so boring I was almost putting myself to sleep. And it was entirely false. The Woodlands had suffered due to his latest law—with fewer children, there were fewer workers, and of course, fewer marriages. I crossed my arms, pausing for a second. It didn’t make much sense when one of the main objectives of the Woodlands was interracial breeding.
My heart started beating faster and I could feel my cheeks redden as I started into the last part of my speech, “Grant came to our town to announce the law when I was eight years old.” I deliberately dropped my piece of paper. It floated down to the ground slowly, like a feather caught in the wind. I crouched down with my back to the class to get it and quickly whipped out the mascara to smear it over my top lip and chin. 
I stood to face the class and stroked my chin, winking at the front row, “Hi y’all,” I drawled, remembering Grant’s strange accent. Someone snickered and a few pairs of eyes looked brighter. At least I’d woken them up. A girl in the front row had her jacket on her desk so I snatched it quickly and shoved it under my shirt. Parading around the room with my shoulders back I said, “As you can see—” I hefted my bulging stomach up with both hands and let it fall, “I’m waaasting away…yer children are eatin’ all ma food,” I slurred, slipping into more of a drunk tone than I had intended. “And,” I pointed my finger to the sky, “And…” I thought Singh would have stopped me by now, but he was just staring at me with his mouth open, his fat cheeks wobbling in disbelief. 
My time was running out and my courage started to diminish as I realized how very far over the line I had gone. I ran my hand through my hair and shook my belly at the class. I had to keep going. “So I’m takin’ yer kids so they can make me and my gigantic wife more…more of that delicious creamed spinach you kids seem to love so much.”
The whole class erupted into laughter for a second. I grinned at them sheepishly, leaning forward for a bow. My stomach fell out which caused another round of laughter.
Bang! Singh slammed a book down on his desk, rounded it, and caught a hold of my shirt, balling it up in his fist. He flung me to the floor, my elbows jarring as I tried to break my fall. Everyone went quiet. 
He hovered over me like a dark storm cloud, breathing quickly, hands on his hips. “Rosa!” he said cuttingly, slapping the smile off my face with his tone. “You are making a mockery of my class and a fool of yourself. What do you have to say?” He was furious but I saw his eyes darting from window to doorway. If someone reported that he had no control over his students, then he would be the one in trouble. I knew that. 
“My point is...” I started, looking up to him from my lowly position, breathless from running around and the pain in my stomach, “Grant could say anything he wanted and we would have to go along with it, wouldn’t we? My reasons are probably just as true as the ones they passed out on the day they announced the law. It’s rubbish. Why don’t they just say each family can only have one child every eighteen years and if you disobey us, we will torture you in front the whole town? It’s short, it’s sweet...” That was the last straw. Singh pushed me with the tip of his shoe like he didn’t want to get contaminated and told me to get out of his class. 
“And wipe your face,” he said, pushing a bunch of tissues into my palm and turning his back to me.
I was sent straight to detention, which was cleaning a week’s worth of filth off the toilets, readying them for next week’s filth.
I hadn’t expected those words to come out of my mouth. I wiped the black from my mouth as I walked to the cleaning supplies room. I picked up my usual bucket, mop, and rubber gloves, and wondered why I had said it. I was just trying to get a decent detention, not make a political point. But I knew that I really believed what I had said and it worried me. My father may have been long gone but parts of him still lived and breathed in me without me realizing. I didn’t want to end up on the center podium, having my eyes poked out or my fingers chopped off for being a dissident. The Superiors were all about creative forms of punishment, the worst being the punishment for violating the one-child law.
As I filled my wheeled bucket with hot water, letting it scald the tips of my fingers, I remembered the one violation that was forever seared into my memory. It was a young couple who’d had a seven-year-old boy. They lived a few houses down from me. One night, I remember waking up to police sirens and hearing a woman screaming. A heart-breaking scream carrying with it some unknown trauma. My mother had come into my room—it was rare for her to do this—and sat with me until the screaming had ceased. I still recall her cool hand stroking my hair, my tiny body curled up in her lap as she rocked me back to sleep. 
The next day, they announced over the croaking old PA system that everyone was to meet in Ring One at noon. As we all gathered around, they dragged a man and woman onto the center podium, their hands tied behind their backs. People exchanged worried glances. No one wanted to be here but we were all glued to the ground. The man looked like he had been crying all night and had been badly beaten. The sun was beating down on his bowed head; sweat dripping from his glossy black hair. The woman wore the expression of one who knows her fate. Solemn, resigned, and stony. The police brought two boys to the front; they looked so similar they had to be brothers and could not be more than one or two years apart. The policeman announced that they had been hiding the younger boy for five years. We all knew what was coming next. Parents buried their children’s faces in their chests and covered their ears. I wanted to look away, I tried to, but I felt the strong arms of Paulo pushing down on my shoulders and holding my head still. 
The father fainted quickly. He was so badly beaten, I think he was half dead anyway. But the mother looked her boys in the eyes and locked on to them as the knife was buried in her chest. I remember thinking the odd thought that the heart didn’t look quite right; it was misshapen, too big on one side. See, they carved the shape of a heart into the victim’s chest. It was a reminder, a painful one. A scar they could never escape that would remind them what you got if you broke the rules and broke the hearts of the Superiors. This policeman looked like it was too much for him today. His eyes squinted and his teeth gritted as he continued his gory work. 
“Look into my eyes darlings, Mama will be ok,” the mother said calmly, trying to soothe her terrified children. 
The pain must have been excruciating but she only cried out once during the initial stab, letting out a strangled moan as it punctured her skin and sliced a gash across her lung. The policeman swore at his mistake. Like air escaping a balloon slowly, the cry had not enough air to produce much of a noise, but it was enough to make me want to scream myself. Blood pooled at her feet and dripped over the edges of the podium like a paint tin tipped over, thick red coloring the sandstone pavers and soaking into the stone. People were moving back to get away from it, blood reaching out to touch the tips of their shoes. 
The mother looked up at the sky as her life left her body, her sweat-soaked, light brown hair falling back from her face in streams as she whispered, “I love you,”“ to her boys. The brothers were screaming and holding each other, beyond hysterical. They were bundled into a van and driven away. It was over. Two crumpled bodies lay in the center of the circle, grotesque, misshaped love hearts carved into their chests. Everyone walked away. Mother took me to buy shoes that day. 
I doubted that memory would ever leave me. It was carved into my chest like those love hearts. I felt it sitting there, a cut-in scar. I held my hand across my chest and dragged my bucket down the hall to start my work. Water sloshed carelessly over the side, sending steaming splats of strong smelling chemicals in my wake. 
It would take me at least three hours, maybe more. I hoped I would be late enough that I could sneak into the house, grab a warm dinner, and go to my room. Paulo was insistent on dinner being served at seven sharp. I imagined my mother carefully laying out the meal, glancing at the clock anxiously. I felt guilty, but cleaning filthy toilets was preferable to eating with them. Paulo would bait me and I would surely say something I shouldn’t. This way I was occupied, they could eat in peace, and no one ended up in an argument. 
I finished one toilet block and moved to the juniors’ section, nodding my head in greeting to the cleaner who was sweeping the hallway. I tried not to think about going home, about the weekend that stretched before me like a desert. I had to cross it, and Paulo was always there, dangling the ice cold water right in front my face, sneering at me and pouring it out on the cracked earth as I watched it sizzle and turn to vapor. The stupid thing was all that waited for me on the other side was more school. The Classes couldn’t come soon enough. I poured out the cleaning water, almost black with things I didn’t want to think about, and wrung out the mop. 
The halls were peaceful. The grey walls and green linoleum was not quite so oppressive under the dim glow of the emergency lights. Without the scared, scurrying children, I could pretend I came here to learn, not kill time.
I placed the cleaning gear back in the cupboard, ready for next Friday, and noted the time—eight. If I really took my time, I could get home just as they went to bed. I made my way to the principal’s office. 
He was staring down at a piece of paper in his hands, reading and then putting his finger to certain words and reading again. When I tapped gently on the door he jumped, his glasses falling off his face. He fumbled around on the floor, found them, and turned his face to mine, giving me his best icy stare. I swallowed my want to mock him. He was about as intimidating as a puff of wheat. 
“I’m finished with the bathrooms. Can you sign this so I can go home?” I said, trying to sound repentant. 
He was irritated by my interruption, nothing new there. He held out his hand and I placed the detention slip in his palm. He scribbled on it and held it up, waving it slowly in front of my face, teasing. 
I narrowed my eyes, wanting to snatch it from his stubby fingers. “You know, I don’t know why they would bother sending you to the Classes,” he said with a look of self-satisfaction, like he’d just solved some great mystery “We all know this is exactly what you’ll be doing when you get out.”
I took the slip from his fingers, managing to whisper pathetically, “You don’t know that.”
I exited his office quickly, but not before I heard him snort. He had me pegged. Menial, meaningless labor for Rosa. 
I ran out the door, dragging my bag along the ground, listening to it scrape and pick up the loose dirt. After I scanned my wrist, the gates opened, uttering my name in a computerized drone. Stepping outside the school grounds, I dropped my bag on the pavement. I closed my eyes and held my face to the sky. Opening them, I stared at the stars appearing, each one twinkling with scornful liberty. I pretended just for a second that I wasn’t surrounded by walls and locked gates, that where I stood was as open as the sky overhead, then I returned my eyes to reality and dragged my sorry existence back to my so-called home.



I managed to sneak in just as they were getting ready for bed. Mother looked to me quickly out of the corner of her eyes, concern brimming over her black lashes before Paulo snapped at her to come to bed, joyfully adding that he had thrown out my dinner. The appearance of concern was about all I was going to get from her. Actions required confidence, and maybe bravery. She had neither of those. Did she think that a sorrowful look was enough to convey some sort of feeling for me? What a joke.
“If you’re not going to get here on time, then we are not going to save dinner for you. Rosa, you need to learn respect,” the bedroom doorway stated.
My stomach grumbled and I put my hand to it, quickly reminded of how tender it was from the punch earlier. I made a point of poking my head in the door, flipping my hair back, and smiling at him. “It’s fine, Paulo. I’m not hungry anyway.” I strolled deliberately to my bedroom. 
I stripped off quickly, not even wanting to look at the bruise I knew was blossoming over the dark brown skin of my stomach. I was like an ill-adorned Signing Day tree. Blue and purple blobs decorated my skin in a grotesque pattern; lash marks ran across my back, linking like plastic tinsel. I sighed. Was the principal right? Was I bound for a life of mopping toilets or emptying garbage cans? Had I given up? It seemed to me to give up you first had to give in to something. I had no ambitions, no idea what I wanted out of my life, only that I uncontrollably tumbled from one bad event to another. 
I pulled on my nightdress and climbed into my rickety old bed, pulling the thin yellow covers up to my chin. Maybe things could be different. I could try harder at school. I could stop getting into trouble. It wasn’t too late for me. I giggled humorlessly as I realized what a ridiculous thought that was. And I gave in to it. To the fact that I was a troublemaker and tomorrow I would most likely do it all over again, in another way, in another place, but it would always be the same. Nothing changes.



When I woke up the next morning, the greyness still offended my eyes as it had the day before. I wondered if other people ever got used to it. Did they crave difference the way I did? I peeked out my door to see if my parents were still having breakfast and was startled when Paulo rapped on it, sending it banging into my nose.
“We need to speak with you,” he said, his chest puffed up like he was so proud he could burst. I knew this couldn’t be good. I rubbed my nose and said I would be out in a second. “Don’t dawdle, this is important,” he snapped impatiently.
My nose was searching for phantom smells of the cooked breakfast we usually had on weekends but there was no eggs or ham sizzling. So I took as much time as I could, literally dragging my toes backwards on the carpet as I walked, enjoying the itchy burn it created across my feet. When I finally got to the kitchen Paulo was tapping his foot agitatedly and frowning. 
“You should sit down,” Paulo said with a criminal smile. I was irked at his tone and did the opposite. I stood, leaning my folded arms across the old, wooden chair, rocking it back and forth, enjoying the creaks and the irritated look on his face as he twitched every time it made a noise. 
I eyed the odd assortment of furniture, no chair matched. Everything was clean but used. We never knew where it came from. When they moved us the first time, we were told to leave everything behind and that our new home would already have the furniture we needed. I stared down at the chair and wondered who used to sit here. Did they have these parental meetings? Did they sit around the table with their child eating meals in silence? 
I was pretty sure I knew what this was about. My latest string of detentions had to come up eventually. It made Paulo look bad to have such a disobedient stepdaughter.
He stared down at me as he paced around the kitchen; his slick, dark hair combed back to reveal his wrinkled brow and strained eyes. I tried to look at him objectively. Maybe he was handsome once. Now he just looked cruel, his whole face twisted into a dark, unreadable smile. 
Whilst Paulo was itching to get my attention, my mother could barely look me in the eye. Her frail, dark hand traced the lid of the jam jar over and over like she would wear a hole in the rim. She would let him do the talking. She was afraid of him. I was not. Her whole demeanor curled away from Paulo and from me. Like a leaf dried up in the sun, you just had to step on it lightly for it to disintegrate to nothing and Paulo’s foot was always hovering over her, ready to come down. 
The table was spread with a bizarre assortment of food: pickles, jam, olives, and bread. Like Mother had just grabbed an armful of pantry, distractedly, and thrown it on the table. It didn’t matter. No one was eating. I looked at the food questionably and then at Paulo. “What’s this about? I have homework to do and I’m sure you have important tasks on the agenda for today, like sorting through your clothes to see which shirt stinks less.” Giving him attitude would certainly result in a harsher punishment.
Paulo smiled and a shiver ran through me. He locked eyes with mine, making me feel like something someone had scraped off the bottom of their shoe.
“We are moving house in a few weeks. So yes, I do have some important jobs to do today.” He smiled and twisted a stray hair back into the oily, black scrape on his head.
My mother gave him the slightest look of annoyance—like he had said the wrong thing—but covered it quickly.
“Where are we going?” I said with an edge of panic in my voice. I tried to push it down. I didn’t want Paulo to see me struggling—whatever was going on. 
“WE are going to Ring Two. You? Well, I don’t know where you’re going yet,” Paulo said through straight teeth set in a sickening smile.
My heart sunk and surged and I started to panic. Panic, which quickly flipped to anger as I sifted through the possibilities that would separate our uncomfortable little family. Was I going to the Classes? No, I was too young. I was sixteen; they couldn’t take me until I was eighteen, unless…
Then it dawned on me. The obvious answer.
“You’re pregnant,” I said dully. “But you promised to wait until I was eighteen.” I was in a soundless vacuum. I was unsurprised and completely disappointed that it had come to this.
Mother didn’t respond, her head bowed, ashamed or maybe too tired to bother explaining to me how she could do such a thing. 
“We couldn’t wait any longer,” Paulo said in a voice that fit him as well as a tutu would. Happy.
“No, I suppose not,” I said bitterly. “You’re a medical miracle as it is,” I exclaimed, walking around the kitchen, throwing my arms in the air. “Pregnant at the ripe old age of thirty-eight, that never happens.”
Paulo grabbed my arm, squeezing it harder than necessary, and spoke in his irritatingly controlled voice, “Don’t speak to your mother that way. This is not her fault.” The chirp was gone from his voice like I had imagined it.
“I bet,” I said meeting his gaze as I shook my arm free.
“I know it’s how you operate but getting angry isn’t going to get you anywhere, Rosa,” Paulo said, in an unnervingly calm voice. “You need to decide whether to go now or when the baby comes,” then he gave Mother a sideways growl, “although I don’t know why we are letting you decide.”
I looked at my mother, who was still avoiding my gaze. I wanted to scream at her, to try and shake some sense into that tiny body. But it was pointless. It wouldn’t change anything. She’d made her choice a long time ago and it wasn’t me.
“So I could go to the Classes now?” I said, thinking out loud.
My mother placed her hand on my arm as I rounded her side of the table and tried to still my nervous pacing. “I’d like you to stay,” she said weakly, the shadow of a question mark hanging on the end of her statement, her eyes looking vacantly through me and out the window, like she wasn’t sure she really meant it. I looked down at her loose grip on my shirt. Her thin fingers were calloused from pinpricks and running her hands back and forth through her ancient sewing machine. They worked her so hard. I shook my head; sympathy for her had no place in my mind right now. She was giving me up. Whether it was now or nine months from now, she was abandoning me.
I could feel hot tears rising and threatening to spill over but I didn’t want Paulo to see me cry. “I need to think it over,” I said in my calmest voice. It sounded wooden, forced out with shock.
I brushed Mother’s hand off violently, like she was a bee who would sting me, and went to my room to grab my jacket.
“Take your time,” Paulo called after me, his voice lacquered with dark intentions. “It won’t change anything.” And he was right. My fate was already decided, but at least I could have some say in the timing of it.
I walked out the door feeling like my life was being upturned and dug up all around me. Now I had to be filter through the dirt and decide which crappy future I wanted and when.



As I stood on the front step, a cool wind hit me and I felt my body tense with anger. Anger at the difference between us—the always unfulfilled wish that she would be stronger and tell him no. But I also felt a misplaced prick of protectiveness over her that urged me to consider staying. She might need my help.
A baby. Paulo, the stickler for rules, had broken the big one and they were having a baby. I wondered how he talked her into it; I shuddered at the thought of the two of them together and pulled the blind down on that visual nightmare.
This ‘happy’ news gave me an instant headache and I wasn’t going to come to any answer right away. I stomped down the steps and strolled down our garden path, thick slabs of concrete teetering as I stepped on them at the wrong end. The word garden was laughable. Every yard was the same in Pau Brasil—one square of lawn, a concrete path, and one Pau Brasil tree in the center of every lawn, which had to be maintained meticulously. 
I looked back at our dreary accommodation. The grey-green render was peeling around the doorway. The low roof hung out over the window of our modest lounge, the gutter sagging at one end. Every house looked the same. The only difference between the neighbors’ and ours was the painfully cheery curtains Mother had sewn out of scraps from her workplace. The patchwork of yellow and purple looked ridiculously out of place amid all the grey. 
My steps took me past three rows of houses, each a carbon copy of the next. Nervous faces peered out of windows, or over letterboxes. People stalking the morning, seeing whether the coast was clear to go for a walk without bumping into police. They needn’t have worried so much. I knew police would be packing the shopping district this morning; that’s where most citizens were and more people meant more chances for catching someone out. 
I slapped the letterboxes as I went, chalky green residue coming off on my fingers. Inspecting them, I rubbed the wearing paint between my fingers. I could leave this green-grey world behind but for what? I was sixteen and would be two years younger than everyone else. I wasn’t as prepared. And the next intake was only a few weeks away. It was so soon. I think I always thought I would straighten up as I got older and then I’d have a chance at a good Allocation. I snorted to myself. These things didn’t just happen on their own and I was about as crooked and curly as could be. Maybe there was no straightening out for me. Chances are I would tangle back up again anyway.
The Superiors assessed you for your natural skill and allocated your Class based on that. I wondered if there was a Class for being a smart mouth. Probably not. They probably had a special Class for people like me. I shuddered.
I imagined a Class of troublemakers. All I could picture was a room with a man at the front pointing to the blackboard saying, ‘Now what you need to do is rub the pencil all along the edges of the binoculars then get them to press it to their eyes…’ 
I was looking down at my feet, shaking my head at my own silliness, a prank class, yeah, that would be the dream, when I slammed straight into the gate of Ring Three, a metallic vibration pulsing through the air. Rust stains rubbed off onto my grey, wool jacket.
“Watch it! You’ll break it and then we’ll all be in trouble,” someone shouted. I looked up to see a smirking face staring down at me. He was sitting on one of the concrete posts that supported the gates, legs dangling casually.
I tried to dust the stains off my jacket, only managing to rub them in further. I sighed. I would be in more trouble when I returned home. 
I stood at the gate for a good two minutes, staring blankly, rubbing my elbows, lost in thought. I held out my wrist to scan my tattoo so the gate would open, but the rusty piece of junk didn’t budge. Had I been denied access? I should be able to get all the way through to Ring Six without too much trouble. I realized that if I left at sixteen, I would never be granted access through gate Seven or Eight.
“Allow me,” the smirking boy said, as he jumped agilely from the concrete post, landing with a thump. He sidled up to me, a big smile on his face. He rattled the scanner and adjusted the beam. He grabbed my wrist, without asking, and put it at a funny angle until I heard the familiar, long beep and the latch of the gate retracting. 
“Rosa Bianca,” the electronic voice spoke.

“Um, thanks,” I said. His warm hand was still clutched around my skinny wrist. I looked up at him coolly, “Can I have my hand back now?”
“Sure,” he said as he shook my stiff hand enthusiastically. I pulled back my arm sharply and pushed through the gate. I was not in the mood for company. I had a lot of searching through pointless options to do before I slunk home, just after dinner, so I didn’t have to talk to my mother about what I was thinking.
“Joseph Sulle,” the voice announced. I heard the gate shut and I quickened my pace towards the only place I knew I could really be alone. Loud, thumping footsteps followed behind me.



“Bianca? I know that name. Where are you from?” he asked, catching up to me with Big, thumping strides.
“Same as you, same as everyone,” I snarled, “Ring Three, Pau Brasil.” As I walked, I tied my hair back from my face, pulling it into a low ponytail.
“No, what’s your family background?” he laughed, infuriatingly. He didn’t seem to be getting my tone or he was ignoring it. This boy seemed glib and I didn’t appreciate his condescending question. I understood what he meant—I just didn’t want to talk to him.
“I don’t have a family,” I lied unconvincingly, quickening my pace. What did he care? 
He matched my steps.
I spun around to look at him, my ponytail whipping me in the face, a mouthful of hair momentarily derailing my anger. I took his large frame in. He seemed much taller and broader than most of the boys in Ring Three. He stood a good foot and a half over me and he was big. Not fat, just tall and well-muscled. His face was strong and older looking, with a sharp, chiseled jaw and a slightly crooked nose. His long, light eyelashes framed green, staring eyes that had no compunction about continuing to stare.
His hair and skin was lighter than most people in Pau. He didn’t even have a hint of a tan and his hair, which was falling in his eyes, was blonde and curly. Not tight, ringlet curls, just a gentle, golden wave of thick shiny hair that made its way over his ears, and stopped above his neck. When he looked up, the curls linked into each other, like the weave of a basket across his brows. When he disturbed those gentle links, loose curls would fall in his eyes. He probably attracted a lot of attention, with his pretty eyes and incessant smiling. He was handsome, but irritatingly so, and I wished he would divert his attention away from me. 
“You mean, you don’t have a family anymore,” he said in a more serious tone. “I’m sure you had one, maybe you just lost it.” His eyes showed a winking concern. Or maybe pity? This made me even more furious. I wasn’t sure what he meant by that—I knew where my family was. I hadn’t lost them like a misplaced library book. I just knew I needed to start letting them go and also, it was none of his business.
“What’s your father’s name?”
I looked at him suspiciously, narrowing my eyes, wishing I had a weapon of some kind. Why was he asking me so many questions? 
“Whoa!” He put his hands up in mock surrender. “Don’t worry, Miss, I am not the secret police or anything, just curious. You look very familiar to me. Something about those beautiful eyes…”
Ugh! My eyes. The topic of much discussion. The source of much unwanted attention. I hated them. My mother had brown eyes, brown hair, and dark skin. I looked just like her, dark and slight, but with different eyes. They were my father’s eyes. Every time I looked in the mirror, I was reminded of the man who left us. The man I had few memories of, but who was kind enough to leave his eyes. A genetic oddity I could never escape. I hated my father and I hated my eyes. He was to blame for bringing Paulo into our lives. He was to blame for what was happening to me now. I could feel tears rising. I wiped my face with my sleeve, tasting rust, and glared at the boy.
“Look, leave me alone, I’m not who you think I am. I am…” And that was it. I ran a few meters away from the confused boy and collapsed on the ground. Who cared if he saw me crying? I had every right to be upset. But I was ashamed at myself for being so emotional. My mother would never behave like this, which only made it worse. My life was about to change forever and this boy was harassing me about my eyes. I buried my face in my hands and sobbed. I could barely breathe for how hard I was crying. My whole body shook in jerky movements, like I couldn’t calm my limbs down or make them do what I wanted them to do.
I felt a warm, heavy hand on my back, patting me softly, awkwardly. I let it sit there. I felt drained, no more fight left in me. I let it all out and, thankfully, he didn’t say a word.



Over the next couple of weeks, I skipped school. I went through the motions, which seemed to satisfy my mother. If she had any idea I was ditching, she certainly didn’t let on. I packed my bag, took my lunch off the kitchen table, and walked to the school. I scanned my wrist and the large, ornate, wrought-iron school gate swung open slowly. The carved picture of the Pau Brasil tree rattled in the center as the gate came to a halt. I just stood there and waited for it to close again without walking through, watching other students running to class as the bell rang out. I doubted whether my teachers’ cared if I was there or not. Being the class troublemaker, I’m sure my absence was welcome. Instead, I had been walking to the factory every day. 
After registering my presence at the school, I always made my way to the gate of Ring Three, hiding behind bushes if I saw anyone I knew, which was few. Everyone worked or cared for children. Most preferred to work. It was unusual for people to be wandering the streets after nine AM. It was exhilarating not being at school, having some measure of freedom, and it was definitely fun knowing I was doing something I wasn’t supposed to. 
Joseph was always there, sitting on the concrete pole, waiting, ready to help me through the gate. He didn’t ask about what had happened at our first meeting and I never volunteered to tell him. 
The first few times he just helped me through, smiling and always holding my wrist a little too long. I always thanked him, bowed my head, and walked on through—trying not to blush at the extended contact. 
After a few days, he announced that he was going to walk with me. I shrugged and let him follow in silence. I could tell he was bursting to speak but he kept quiet. I appreciated his restraint. I wasn’t ready yet.
We walked until we came to the next wall. Menacingly high and straight as an arrow, the giant concrete structure towered over us. It showed no signs of wear although I knew it had stood there for at least two hundred years. We followed the curve along for a while. I let my hand trail along the cool, hard surface, sanding my fingertips, until we got to the next gate through to Ring Five. I knew he wanted to follow me, I knew he wanted to ask me a hundred questions—so I stopped him. 
“Thanks for the company.” I tried to smile, but my face felt awkward and hot. 
He stifled a laugh at my pathetic attempt. “Anytime!” And he sauntered off in the other direction, his hand in a backwards wave like he was indifferent. It shouldn’t have bothered me, but it did.
His attitude infuriated and fascinated me. I couldn’t quite work out why I was even letting him be so close. Part of it was he was so different to what I was used to. In my life, in my home, everything was so serious. For whatever reason, Joseph was able to see the lighter side of things and, reluctantly, I gravitated towards him, just a little. 



He kept meeting me at the gate to Ring Three and accompanying me. We started to talk.
“Yeah, I live in Ring Five,” he said chirpily, looking at me from under a curtain of hair. 
“That’s funny, I don’t remember asking you that,” I said, pursing my lips.
He bumped my shoulder, sending me flying into the wall. 
“Ouch, was that really necessary?” I grimaced, rubbing my shoulder. I looked at the grey concrete—if only my impact would damage it. I would like to have seen a small crumble, some evidence that it was made by humans and didn’t grow out of the earth an unbreakable, natural force.
“Sorry,” he grinned. He wasn’t sorry. 
I narrowed my eyes at him playfully. “Yeah well, watch it, you’re huge. Much bigger and stronger than me. I don’t think you know your own strength.” I watched him loping ahead of me. This was stupid; Joseph was eighteen and would be shipped off to the Classes pretty soon. Soon he would be gone and even if I went with him, we would be separated. Flirting or whatever this was would have a nasty end. 
I shook my head and kept walking. I didn’t like thinking about the future. Mostly because I knew I didn’t have much of one, unlike Joseph, who went to the bigger, nicer high school in Four where everyone was being groomed for places in the Middles or Uppers of the Classes. My school had every kid from ages five-eighteen crammed into the one building. We were not groomed for places in Technology or Medical. We didn’t even have a computer in our school. We were going to be the janitors, the rubbish collectors. I sighed, as I knew there would be no place for me in the Uppers with Joseph. I would aim for Middles. 
“What’s wrong?” Joseph was leaning against the wall, his knee up and his hands behind his head. Looking like the cowboy printed on one of the very, very old cans of corn that routinely showed up in our pantry. All he needed was a twig of wheat sticking out of his mouth.
I was standing still for a long time, my head cocked to the side as I likened this boy to the label on the creamed corn—he had the strong arms, the golden hair. I wonder if we could find him a hat? Joseph snapped his fingers in front of my face. “Rosa, hello? What are you thinking?”
My face flushed red and I waved him away. “Nothing. You’re just such a poser,” I snorted. I wasn’t about to tell him I was pondering on how beautiful he was. 
Joseph shifted his weight self-consciously and waited for me to catch up. I realized I was being a bit rude. So of course I continued to be ruder still.
“Why are you so pale? I mean, you look like you haven’t seen the sun in years,” I said mockingly.
He held his arm in front of his face, studying his own skin.
“My parents are from Birchton and Radiata,” he said frowning, His strong brows pulled towards each other like he was focusing on a speck on the ground. Made sense, those towns were renowned for being full of beautiful, blonde people. 
“Ooh,” I said mockingly. “Are they both blonde like you? If so, that’s quite the scandal.” 
He raised his eyebrows at me and ran his hand through his hair. He seemed uncomfortable talking about them and he quickly turned the conversation on me. “Why are you so dark? You look like you’ve been dipped in chocolate,” he said mischievously, then added, “Although I wouldn’t mind that!” His lips curled as he kept some joke I didn’t understand to himself.
“What’s that?”
“What’s what?”
Ugh! “What’s chocolate?” I asked impatiently. I think he enjoyed irritating me.
He slapped his thigh and chuckled. “Oh my God, Rosa, you really are deprived.”
I scowled at him and crossed my arms across my chest. My mouth snapped shut like a trap and I kept it that way, letting him chatter endlessly about himself. Until he turned around, intent on rattling a response out of me.
“And I hate fish and I my favorite color is blue,” he said, grinning. “Now I want to know something about you.” He pointed his index finger at my chest, stopping short of touching me.
“You hate fish! Here I thought you loved everything; you’re always so damn happy all the time!” I snorted. He just looked at me with his soft green eyes. Being under his gaze felt like being in a spotlight, the rest of the world becoming dark and unfocused.
I avoided his eyes, looking at my hands and picking at a cracked fingernail. I wondered what I could tell him. I wanted it be something real. “Umm, I’m terrible at sewing. My mother’s always trying to teach me but I am god awful at it.” 
“You’re bad at sewing? Ha! Well, that was unexpected.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was expecting you to repeat your Ring Three, Pau Brazil spiel.” 
I was upset that he thought he could predict what I was going to say. He didn’t know me.
“You don’t know me, what makes you think you can….” He cut me off.
“It’s fine, Rosa, you don’t have to get angry. I was just trying to say… Good, thank you for telling me something real about yourself.”
“Don’t cut me off!” I had forgotten what I was going to say. “What do you care anyway?” I was on the offensive, the impulsive, bubbling side of me pushing through. 
“I don’t know. I just do. I thought maybe you could use a friend. And for some unknown reason I like you.” He confessed it like it was a crime. I suppose it was unlikely. Every other kid in my school was afraid of me. No one wanted to know me because I caused so much trouble. My attitude towards the Superiors was barely hidden. I made a lot of jokes that they laughed at but that was all. People always kept me at a distance, never wanting to get closer, in case they got included in the punishments that always followed my behavior. 
I just glared at him for a while, my shoulders hunched and tensed. Recognizing my terrible posture, I relaxed a little. “Yeah, I guess I am pretty hard to like,” I said, rolling my eyes. 
“You’re just hard to know,” Joseph sighed. 
“It’s not like you’ve told me anything real about yourself.”
“What do you want to know? Ask me anything.” Open and honest, as I expected.
“Umm, why aren’t you at school?” I knew why I was avoiding it but it seemed unlikely that he was just waiting around to see me. 
“I’m in the waiting period.” Of course, he was eighteen. He was leaving soon. The Superiors would give him and his parents eighteen days to spend with each other. A token amount of time to say their goodbyes and prepare themselves. 
“So why aren’t you with them now?”
“It’s too sad—they’re too sad.” He breathed in deeply and considered his response. “Who wants to be around all that weeping and fussing anyway!” he said, attempting to cover his obvious pain. 
“At least they will miss you; mine just want me out of the house.”
“They won’t miss me, Rosa, they will grieve me. I am never coming back. Your parents will grieve you too when you go. But you’ve got some time. You could talk to them.” He nudged me with his elbow.
“I don’t have time. I’ll be gone soon too,” I said. I thought about eighteen days stuck at home with my mother and Paulo—what a joke! We’d kill each other.
“What?” he sounded half-surprised, reacting less than I would have expected. This kind of thing was a scandal. Maybe he already knew.
I started to retell what had happened to me. Joseph listened intently and waited until I had finished before speaking. 
“Wow, so you have a big decision to make.” His eyes looked down kindly at me as he reached over to touch my face. I moved away. My heart was jumping around in my chest. I could see that maybe we could be friends. That we could talk. It felt nice to have someone in my life who didn’t want me to be somebody else, who wasn’t afraid or critical of me. Anything more than that was impossible. He was leaving soon and even if I left with him, we would certainly be separated, eventually. So it needed to be left there. 
But what I wanted was confused. I pushed the ‘want’ side of me down, like compressing the rubbish so you can fit more in the bin, the sides of the bag starting to split a little.
He didn’t seem upset or offended. He just took a step back, his strong arms by his sides, and looked at me intently. “So, aren’t you going to ask me about your father? I brought it up when we first met and you’ve never said anything else about it.”
“You don’t know my father. So why would I ask?” I shrugged. There was no way he knew my father. I was not even sure he was alive. Mother said he had disappeared. It seemed unlikely that he was just living somewhere in the Rings. 
“Sure I do, his name is Lenos Bianca. He teaches at my school. History.”
I felt a balloon of interest floating up. “How do you know he’s related to me?” I asked. My father’s name was Pelo. It was not him. It couldn’t be. 
“One brown eye, one blue eye, right?” Joseph looked at me questioningly, leaning away. He looked like he was ready to take a few more steps back. Waiting for me to explode. 
“That could be him, I guess.” I popped the balloon in front of me. Whatever I was feeling, I ignored it. If it was him, I would be furious. How could he have been living so close and never come find me? And if it wasn’t him, that anger would shatter into sharp splinters of disappointment. The point was nothing could be gained from following this path. Nothing at all. 
There was this saying that people used many years ago before the wars—‘curiosity killed the cat’—then the Superiors turned it into one of their warnings. I can’t remember exactly how it went, their words were always so archaic and long-winded, but the local translation of it was ‘curiosity killed the cat, and its family and its neighbors’. In other words, keep your head down and mind your own business.
“Yeah, he seems like a good guy, easy. He always…”
“Stop,” I said, my hand in front of his mouth, “I don’t want to hear any more.”
“Ok, but I think you’ll change your mind. I’ll wait for you to ask next time.” He smiled at me again. He made it so hard for me to be angry with him.
We walked in silence for a while. Past the grocery shops in Ring Four. The pitiful displays of limp vegetables and out of date canned goods were depressing. Their curved walls looking like a reflection in a glass ball. Living in a round environment had proved interesting for the architecture in the shopping district, where the walls of Ring Four and Ring Five were claustrophobically close.



Back at home things were much harder in comparison. With Joseph it was fun and exciting and I found myself racing out the door to meet him. My mother took my happier attitude to mean I had accepted things and was excited about my new life. She tried to spend more time with me but it was painful. The most affection she could summon up was a light pat on the shoulder. She cooked my favorite meals and made me some new clothes. This was her way of caring for me. It just made me feel worse. 
I helped her pack up their things. It was a meager amount of possessions, filling only five small boxes. We had to leave most of it behind. I wondered if she was going to take the hideous curtains. Paulo was triumphant. He took every opportunity he could to rub my situation in my face. His wicked face darkened with delight as he talked about the new baby and what he was going to do with my room when I was gone. 
I taunted him, “You better watch out, Paulo. If you want to be anywhere near your baby, the room better have good ventilation. You know, to get rid of the cider stink.” That was the nerve I loved to tread on. Paulo always came home smelling like sour apples and vinegar. It permeated his clothes and his hair—a smell that complimented the sourness of his personality. He scrubbed and showered twice a day but it never left him.
Paulo stiffened at my words and I could see his hand digging into his thigh. Just do it, I willed. Hit me. I stood a foot away from him, my face upturned, glaring. I knew it took everything in him not to strike me. I wished he would. He would be out of here so fast. The Superiors took child abuse very seriously. They were the only ones allowed to dish out the violence. What I was trying to do must have occurred to him. He relaxed, an evil smile creeping across his thin lips.
“You’ll be gone soon, so that’s one stink we can clear out of this house before the new owners get here.” He walked towards the kitchen. My mother was standing over a saucepan. He slipped his hands around her waist and she jumped.
She made me sick. She didn’t love him. She loved me but she wouldn’t stand up to him.
I stormed to my room shouting, “Forget about dinner, I’m not hungry,” as I slammed the door. I could still hear him laughing at me.
I threw myself on the bed and waited for morning. Trying not to examine this new feeling I had too closely. The feeling where morning couldn’t come quick enough because then I could see that warm, smiling face again.



Every day our walks became longer. I let Joseph in just a little and he just didn’t stop talking. He would meet me at the gate for Ring Three and we would walk to Ring Five. He prattled on about school and the Superiors, even what he had for breakfast. Anything to fill the silence my tightly shut mouth provided. He always kept a respectful distance, after the last time he tried to touch me. I was glad he did but he didn’t need keep a two-meter radius around me like I was going to infect him or strike him. 
“What’s it like at home for you at the moment?” he asked, solemnly.
I shrugged. “Paulo almost hit me last night.”
Josephs green eyes were wide with surprise. “He wouldn’t be that stupid, would he?”
“I wish he would. I tried to get him to but he just stood there, smiling at me, cruel and controlled like always.” I was already plotting new ways to bait Paulo, to draw the anger out of him into action.
He shook his head, his hands balled up in fists. “Don’t say that, Rosa. I can’t stand the idea of…um... he could really hurt you.” 
“It’s all right, Joseph, I can take a beating,” I said, nervously un-tucking my shirt. I turned my back to him and lifted the loose cotton up a couple of inches, “See.” I revealed the criss-cross lattice of little straight scars I had accumulated over my schooling. I half-expected him to reach out and touch them. Disappointed when he didn’t, I turned around to see him avoiding my gaze and wincing.
“Don’t worry about me; I can take care of myself,” I said, trying to lighten the mood. I put my fists up to my face, dancing around him, punching the air. 
He shook his head, smiled at me, and put his palms up. “Come on then, give me your best shot.” 
I lined them up and gave his hands two sharp punches. The impact vibrated back through my thin arms but his hands didn’t move an inch.
“Weak!” he said, challenging me. I punched his hands three more times and then pretended to go for his face. He put his hands up to block me and left his stomach unprotected. I slammed him hard in the guts. “Ouch!” He doubled over and stumbled backwards. I reached out to help him, worried for a second that I had actually hurt him. He grabbed my arm and pulled me down to the ground with him. We were both laughing.
“Sorry,” I said between giggles. I rested my head on his shoulder, feeling warm and breathless. “Didn’t think you’d go down so easy!”
He coughed, holding his stomach and putting his other arm around my shoulder, pulling me closer, my body fitting neatly into the crook of his arm. “Nah, I let you have that one.”
I could feel strength coming from somewhere inside me, a new sense of warmth wrapping me up in ribbons and rags. I also felt a need to be closer that I didn’t trust. I wiggled out of his arms and stood, my hands up to my face again. “Wanna go again?”
His disappointment was clear but he shrugged it off. “Sure,” he groaned as he pulled himself to his feet.
We tousled for a while until I got sick of him dodging me and I sat down again. He sat next to me but left a foot of air between us. 
I sighed and leaned back against the concrete wall. Looking straight up, it appeared to almost meld with the sky. Grey into grey, melting into light blue and white. 
“What’s it like in the outer rings? I may never get to see them you know,” I asked.
Joseph propped his elbows on his knees and stared down at the ground. 
“It’s not very interesting. Sad. Ring Seven is mostly fields, cows, and sheep. Ring Eight is full of old people. I don’t really like going out there. It feels like everyone is just waiting to die.”
“Oh,” I said, wishing I hadn’t asked. “I guess that’s just another way they keep us separated from each other. Those poor people.”
“You shouldn’t talk like that, Rosa, someone will report you.”
I prickled. “Don’t you start. I’ll say what I want.” I was being overly harsh but I hated anyone telling me what to do.
“I’m sorry; I’m just worried about you. I don’t want you to get in trouble.” He skimmed his hand down my arm, leaving his warmth behind like a delightful burn.
“I’m always in trouble. I’m used to it.”
“I love that it doesn’t bother you. You’re fearless.”
That couldn’t be further from the truth, but I liked that he thought that about me. It made me feel strong. I was very afraid. Afraid of being close to him and equally afraid to not be. 
I stood up and started walking again. Just keep moving, I thought.



The decision I had to make was simple. Leave now or wait a few months and leave then. So why hadn’t I got there yet? Why was it so hard?
I sat in the abandoned factory, my refuge. It used to be a thriving shoe factory, employing over a hundred workers, until they shut it down. Funny now, when I think about it, that this was where everything went wrong for me. This was Paulo’s factory. He became so successful, so quickly, that they took it away. The Superiors ordered him to triple his workload so the shoes could be issued to Police and Guardians. He refused. He had many loyal employees and what the Superiors were asking would mean they would have to work twenty-hour shifts to get it done in time. So maybe he was a good man, once. Of course, his arrogance at thinking he had any control over what happened in his own business was his downfall. They quickly shut it down, dispersed the workers to another town that had a similar factory, and sent him to work at a distillery that made exclusive alcohol for the Superiors. 
When I was old enough to make it to Ring Five, I wanted to go there. I wanted to stand in the place that broke him. Revel in his failure. Instead, what I found was a beautiful old building, a castle. It was falling down around the edges but the structure was stunning. The windows were imposing, carved wooden arches. The big double doors were heavy wood with big, ornate, iron hinges. I climbed through a broken window and found riches for a fourteen year old—pieces of colored leather, wooden feet, old sewing machines, and colored buttons. I made myself a small space to sit or sleep, pulling together some large pieces of leather and some fleece lining. It was comfortable and warm. I felt more at peace there than anywhere else. It wasn’t a home but it was the closest thing I had ever experienced.
I said he could come in this time but I was already regretting my decision. My once quiet space was filled with his booming voice. Joseph hadn’t come into the factory before. He had asked but I told him he couldn’t. He didn’t worry about it too much, other than to tease me about what I was doing in there. 
“I know, you’ve made a life-sized Joseph doll and you’re trying to figure out how to tell me that you’re choosing him over me!”
“You are ridiculous,” I yelled at him as I closed the door behind me. And he was. He was too happy. He was too trusting. He pried and made statements like he knew me really well. I did like him. But I couldn’t let go of the fact that he was leaving, and I was leaving. It made no sense to be making new friends, or to have any friends at all.
“So two days ‘til the big day.” He sounded nervous, his voice higher and crackly. It was unlike him. 
“Don’t worry; I’m sure you will get into Intelligence.”
“Yeah maybe, probably, oh I don’t know. I’m not too worried about that.” He was leaning on the door, his head so close I could feel his warm breath on my face. 
He hovered over me, the heat coming off his body invited me to come closer, so I took a step back. “Do you want to come in?” I said, sweeping my arm open like a servant. 
“You sure?” he asked. I shot him an eye roll. “Ok, ok, in I go!” he said, stepping through the door and into my private world. I bowed and shut the door behind him.
“So this is it? It’s just dust and old bits of leather.” He winked at me, a flutter in my chest made me feel like I was choking. I gave him a tour, showing him the old sewing machines, the rusty old conveyor belts. He seemed bored but he suffered on until we got to the place where I spent most of my time. We sat down on the seat I had made all those years ago. 
“So what are you going to do?” His voice was a loud echo, out of place amongst the dust and stillness.
“I don’t know,” I confessed. All this soul searching and I had come no closer to a solution. Distracted by how close he was sitting, I was startled when he put his arm around me. It reminded me of the first time we met; I sighed and tried not to cry. Despite his annoying behavior, his loud voice, and disarming attitude, I was going to miss him. He was my first and only friend. I put my head on his shoulder. 
“It’s ok; I know you’re going to miss me. You don’t have to say it. I know you can’t. I am going to miss you too. More than I want to,” he admitted, words pouring out of his mouth, each one floating down, nestling in my lap, behind my ears. His arms were so warm around me. Right here I felt safe, if only for a second. Who knew what might happen in the next few days? I let myself be in the moment, just this once. I leaned into the warmth and absorbed it. He leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. I pulled my face back and stared at him blankly. I hadn’t realized up until now, but I was expecting something else. My whole body was agitated, buzzing. I was craving more of his touch. 
He smiled at me sweetly, but there was a sad edge to it. I looked at his face, studying the line of his brow, the wonky line of his nose. I put my finger to his lip and pulled it down a little, turning my head sideways, squinting. He shook his head and I let go.
“What? What are you looking at?” he said, confused. His normally cool face looked flushed, bothered.
“What happened to your tooth?” 
Joseph had a perfect smile, shiny white teeth, straight and lined up in a row, but on the bottom row, just to the side of the middle, one tooth was cracked and grey. 
“Oh, nothing really. It was my dad…”
I felt an odd sense of protectiveness. It flaked off my skin, revealing a red-hot anger at the idea that someone would hurt him. 
“What? Did he hit you?” My voice sounded shrill. I told myself to take a breath. I was getting too worked up.
“No,” he laughed, “nothing like that. One day we were playing in the backyard. He was getting me to catch a ball. I wasn’t watching what I was doing and I ran straight into the fence. I broke my nose,” he touched it lightly, “here. And I broke my tooth. The nerve is dead inside it.”
I laughed too. The idea of Joseph being uncoordinated enough to run into a fence was hilarious to me. He was so physically capable and athletic. I laughed until I realized how different we were. I mean, I knew we were different in personality and looks, but we also came from such different places. He had parents who loved him, who actually played with him. What a different life that must have been. I felt an overwhelming sadness for what he was going to lose. 
It was stupid, but I took his head in my hands impulsively and kissed him. He didn’t move at first, but then he pulled me closer and kissed me back. He held me so tight I felt like I couldn’t breathe, but I didn’t care. If I could have got closer to him, I would have. My body flooded with warmth, liquid gold running from the tips of my toes to the ends of my fingers. His chest pressed up against me, my heart punching through mine. But it only lasted for a moment before he pulled away. 
“You don’t want this, Rosa,” he said, sensibly shuffling away from me subtly. I let out a short sigh. I was surprised that he was being the voice of reason here. The roles were reversed. 
“I don’t understand, I thought...” I don’t know what I thought. I knew he was right. This was only going to create more heartache for the both us. But a big part of me didn’t care at all. It was too late. That kiss was going to derail me. I felt it changing me from the inside out, causing pain and warmth at the same time.
His blonde hair flopped in his face as he bowed his head and exhaled deeply, like he was sorting through something in his head. He lifted both his hands in exasperation, pulling his hair back and looking at me with searching eyes. I bit my lip and held my breath. I knew I wasn’t going to like what he said.
“I think you should stay. Spend some time with your mother. Talk to your stepfather. It’s painful, I know, but it’s good to have a family. It’s good to have people in your life that care about you.”
“You care about me. That can be enough,” I said, sounding like a spoiled child.
“I’ll be gone soon; I don’t want you to be alone.” His anguish was clear but his words made no sense. Whatever he did, whatever I chose to do, we would both be alone. Be apart. That was certain.
“I’m sorry,” he said. He turned and walked away, crashing into things in his haste to escape me. I stood there like an idiot waiting for him to turn around, for him to change his mind. But he never did. He walked out, closing the door behind him.
Kissing Joseph was by far the stupidest thing I had ever done. Worse than gluing the teacher’s butt to her chair. Stupider than putting laxatives in the teacher’s lounge coffee machine. I just wish that I could have stopped myself from taking it too far. But I never could. I resolved to talk to him the next day. He was right. Being friends was best. I could hold the memory of a friend in my heart without it tearing in two.
It was a naive thought that things could so simply go back to the way they were. 
The next day I went to the gate, same as always. I waited, but Joseph never showed. 
He was gone. 
I went back to the factory hoping he would be there, which was ridiculous, but in the back of my mind a little spark kept flashing. He kissed me back, even if it was only for a second, he definitely kissed me back.
I sat there waiting all day, feeling frantic. Disliking myself more and more. I didn’t want to feel this way.
I started to get angry, imagining somehow Joseph had tricked me into feeling like this. It wasn’t like me and I tried to pull it out of me like a choked-on strand of spaghetti. I went to bed thinking—I’ll find him. I’ll yell at him. I’ll push him into the gate and tell him exactly what I think of him.
I don’t know what I was expecting. I waited at the gate the next morning, fuming, but he was a no show again. 
I went straight home and slammed the papers on the kitchen table in front my mother, disturbing her pile of mending. 
“I want to go now. Today.”



She was rattled, skittish, big brown eyes blinking repeatedly like she didn’t believe what she was hearing. Bobbing her head as if she could shake the news out of her brain like loose wax. I didn’t realize she was so certain I would stay. I didn’t realize it mattered to her one way or the other. 
Due to the tight control in Pau Brasil, our wrist tattoos contained almost all the pertinent information needed to send me off. I looked down at the neatly printed barcode. I was canned goods. Scan me and you knew my value. I remember being held down on my twelfth birthday as they put it on—the burning pain of the needle and the foreign buzzing sound. My mother was holding my arms down but I was flailing and screaming. She told me it was a good thing; it meant I would have more freedom. I remember thinking quite the opposite. I was being branded. The frustrated tattooist gruffly gestured with his hairy, bare arm for Paulo to hold me still. He stormed over and held down my legs, telling me not embarrass myself. ‘Be stronger’ he had said. He wasn’t quick enough to stop me from kicking him in the face, a small drip of blood appearing on his lower lip. I remember him smiling, licking it away with his tongue, and squeezing my legs so tight I couldn’t budge. Disgusting. And exactly the kind of thing he would do. When I got home and changed for bed, I had finger-shaped bruises on both my calves.
To leave Pau all that was needed from Mother was a signature and a small bag containing a change of clothes and letter writing materials, but she was panicking. Her fragile state gave me a pang of guilt for making her do this but she was the one who was forcing me to leave eventually anyway. What difference was a few months going to make? 
“I can’t find a pen, Rosa. Where are all the pens?” She sounded out of her mind with worry, her voice taking on a high-pitched, hysterical edge.
“Mother, come here and sit down.” I was going to have to be the calm one. Words came back to me, but not in Paulo’s voice, it was my own, level and heavy. ‘Be stronger’. 
“It’s ok, I’m sure they will give me one if I ask.” 
She followed me into the kitchen, back to place where all this started. She looked so frail, her tiny, dark frame teetering on the edge of the chair. 
“I know you’re upset but I think it’s best to go now. If I stayed, I think I would only start to resent you and that baby.” As the words came out, I knew they were true. “I love you. I don’t want that to change. Just promise me you’ll look after yourself.” 
I reached across the table to hold her hand. She withdrew, always a thin, cold pane of glass between us. She regarded me for a second, tears in her eyes. Then she stood up.
“There’s probably a pen in Paulo’s office,” she muttered, mostly to herself. That was it. She walked off talking to herself and I went to my room to change. 
I stood in the doorway for a while. Taking in the home I was leaving—the standard, grey-green walls that were in every home, my small bed and yellow bedspread. I wasn’t really going to miss this place. To miss it, I would have had to have some enjoyable moments here. There were none I could think of. Not here. Not since Paulo came to live here. I put on my school uniform, grey-green again with a silhouette of the Pau Brasil tree on the front. Its tiny trunk completely out of proportion to its vast foliage, looking like a stick with a puffy cloud jammed on top. I looked in the mirror. A calm girl stared back at me, her brown and blue eyes steeled and determined. I had to make this work. I had to make a better life for myself. Anything would better than this. I combed my long, brown hair back into a ponytail and tied the allowable silver ribbon around it. A memory of strong hands straightening my uniform and tightening my ribbon swaddled my consciousness. Not now. 
I looked tired, dark circles under my eyes. I wondered if Joseph would be there, feeling a sharp punch to my chest. I decided I wouldn’t care if he was there or not. Hilarious that I thought I could decide such a thing. We weren’t going to be in the same class so it didn’t matter. But it did. It mattered so much more than I could ever admit to myself, bringing with it a crippling, doubling-over feeling of pain. No, I wouldn’t care. I couldn’t.
When I walked out to the living area, my mother had composed herself. She had put on her best coat and also tied her hair back tightly into a bun, tiny slivers of silver showing through her dark brown mane. My bag sat open by the door, packed with clean clothes, with about five pens poking out of one of the pockets.
“Thank you,” I said, trying to sound normal, unruffled, but my voice was quivering. I wanted to pat her arm but my hand was shaking so I left it where it was, by my side, as hers were. We stood looking at each other. Mother went to say something but the sound of the door being unlatched stopped her.
“I forgot my jacket.” An oily voice slipped through the crack in the door.
Paulo arrived and surveyed the room. His eyes landed on the bag and he quickly put it together. “Well,” he said, exultant. “We’d better get you to Ring One.” He swiftly picked up my bag, zipped it up, and threw it over his shoulder. I put my shoes on and had to run to catch up with him as he energetically strode down the front path. He almost looked like he was skipping. I suppressed a giggle. My mother locked the door and walked briskly behind us, hugging the papers to her chest. I looked behind me at the rows of grey houses—each one identical. I wouldn’t miss this bleak, nothing of a town. Our neighbor eyed us curiously as my mother and I struggled to keep up with Paulo’s cracking pace, watering the pavement instead of his lawn.
We passed through the gates to Ring Two in silence. As we approached the gate for Ring One, Paulo spoke.
“Rosa, you need to line up at the Class administration building. Esther, you can get her bags checked, and I will talk to the transports and see if they will have any room.” Paulo’s hatred was actually proving useful to me that day as he quickly and efficiently guided us through the steps we needed to take to get me on that transport and out of his life forever. 
I don’t think Paulo really needed to worry. There were two helicopters and only about ten scuttly teenagers getting ready to go. They were dressed in their school uniforms. All looked very nervous—fiddling with their jumpers, chewing on their fingernails. One girl bawled hysterically as her parents held and tried to console her. Everyone was staring at them. It was not normal to show emotion like this in public. Others were shaking hands with their fathers and giving their mothers light pecks on the cheeks. I scanned the area. There were two tables set up, one where they were checking identification and taking paperwork, and the other with twelve small bags with oversized, yellow stickers on them piled underneath. The stickers carried ID numbers. I walked to the first table and handed in my paperwork. They scanned my wrist. 
“You’re sixteen,” the man said, raising his eyebrow dubiously as he looked me up and down. 
“My mother, Esther Amos, is pregnant, so I am entitled to leave with this intake,” I said, looking him straight in the eye. He was young, mid-twenties maybe, muscular and stiff, with a pudgy face that looked odd atop his fit body.
Unsettled by my attitude, he muttered, irritated, “You’re not on the list. Move aside,” using his arm to ‘guide’ me out of the way.
Changing tack, I looked down at my feet, trying to appear humble, tugging on my ponytail, saying quietly, “I’m being surrendered.” It didn’t work.
Paulo expertly took control of the situation. He introduced himself and shook the man’s hand. Paulo called my mother over and asked the man to scan her. The Guardian called up her information on his portable reader. It would all be there—her pregnancy, her due date, everything. Our lives were a transcript, a series of dot points and dates. I felt violated that someone could reach into our lives and take little pieces, but this was life in Pau Brasil. Nothing really belonged to us, not even our pain.
After staring at the reader for some time, the man stood, straightening his uniform. “Very well, here’s your ID sticker,” he said, not even looking up as he scrawled my number across the yellow sticker in big, black numbers. “Put it on your bag and check it with the others.” He closed down his reader and left the station. I must have been the last one.
As I put my bag down and made my way to the middle where everyone was standing, Paulo stopped. “Wait!” he said to the Guardian we had just spoken to. I was confused—was he having second thoughts? I had a sudden fear that he may have changed his mind. That he was going to make me stay. A tiny part of me flickered like the blue flame on a gas burner, not warmth, just the inkling of the idea of heat. Did he actually care about me?
Paulo spoke to the man for a few seconds. I couldn’t hear what they were saying but the Guardian nodded and handed him an envelope. The flame was snuffed out in an instant, leaving a blackened, cold ring. The money. He was securing his payment for my early surrender. I returned my eyes to the center circle.
There were only a few of us milling around. The circle’s large, paved sandstone ground and elaborate design was so out of place amongst the rest of Pau, which was concrete, plastic, and air conditioning. The center podium was darker than the rest of the stonework. Too much blood they could never quite get rid of, no matter how hard they scrubbed. I think, now, they put plastic sheeting down to protect it. Dark and light stones alternated from the center circle, like the circle was the sun and dotted stone lines radiated out from it like rays of light. 
Everyone else had taken his or her place near the helicopters. I couldn’t see Joseph but I knew he must be there. No matter how hard I tried he was always there, in the back of my mind, threatening to unhinge me. I needed strength at this point, not the heart-skipping vulnerability that kept creeping into my head. 
The helicopters were stationed at the rim of Ring One, just inside the low, sandy-colored wall that surrounded the center podium. They were waiting, crouching like black angels ready to lift us from this place, this hell, into an unknown world. A Guardian in black uniform with gold trim walked to the front of the choppers and signaled for us to come forward. Another one threw the bags in the cargo hold as he read from his list. Three girls and eight boys. Joseph’s name was not on the list. I felt a flood of relief that was washed away by panic. I was barely holding myself together as it was, seeing him was liable to make me fall to pieces. But he was supposed to be here.
Paulo’s hand was on my back, pushing me towards the helicopter like I was an uncooperative apple on the conveyor belt. I was trying so hard to muster up some courage. Today I was leaving the only home I had ever known. I would never see my mother again. I felt the anxiety rising, the crushing pain of the separation I was about to suffer. Suddenly the grey-washed town didn’t look so horrible. It was home after all, I guess. I told myself it was fear that was making me feel this way. It didn’t help.
My mother, who had been quietly following us around like a dazed puppy, pulled me to her in a tight embrace. She whispered, “Sorry,” in my ear before stepping back, fists clenched, showing the appropriate restraint. Some other mothers were crying and holding their children as the Guardian wrenched them away and led them onto the aircraft. 
My mother’s face was my own, the way she moved mirrored my own movements and mannerisms, but that’s where the similarities ended. Although raised by this woman, I was nothing like her. For the first time, I saw things from her perspective. Getting into trouble all the time, never showing Paulo anything other than contempt. I must have been such a frustration to her. 
They called my name. Paulo put his hands firmly on my shoulders, holding me in my place. His intense stare was impossible to look away from. “Don’t shame your family,” he spat at me. And with that, he made it easy to leave. I could feel the blades starting to move, my hair whipping around my face. I stripped away the fear and anxiety, leaving a girl that was fierce, empowered by his hatred. 
“Don’t worry, Paulo, I’ll stir it up, make a little noise!” I shouted through the wind. The Guardian that let me sign up was watching me, probably regretting his decision. My mother was standing rigidly, her handmade skirt billowing as the air churned around her, her hand outstretched, pleading. I could see it in her eyes—please Rosa, don’t cause more trouble. She couldn’t stop me, no one ever could. Paulo was already walking away, his back to me. Behind my mother stood a man, one blue eye, one brown, smiling. He lifted his hand to wave. I raised my hand, confused. The chopper lurched awkwardly and I was knocked back into the cargo hold. 
“Sit down!” the Guardian snapped at me. I quickly found a spot and strapped myself in. The others were staring at me, eyes wide. The Guardian tapped the pilot on the shoulder. “Wait, there’s one more.”
He bounded in, bag in hand, and casually threw it on the pile and scanned the seats. There was plenty of room on the other side but he squeezed his bulky form between me and the boy I was sitting next to. 
Suddenly we were in the air. When the Guardian wasn’t looking, Joseph slipped his hand over mine. Warmth calmed the agitation I felt, like pouring gold over lead, glowing. We stayed that way the entire ride. Eyes forward. Impossibly trying to anticipate what may lie ahead. 



Soon we would be at the Classes. A new life awaited us. We must sit the Test and then we would be allocated an occupation to train for. It was excitement dredged in terror. If I could get into something decent, I could change my fate, to a degree anyway, but if I messed up, the principal would be right about me. The Superiors would still decide which town I would be sent to, but what I would do, once I was there, was yet to be determined. 
The air was freezing cold up here but I found it exhilarating, like plunging into ice water. The door was open and we could look down to the world below. I could tell Joseph was taking it in too. The vastness of the Woodlands was surprising. From up here, the Rings looked like beautiful ancient structures, somewhat alien given the surroundings, as though they were dropped there from outer space. I could see all eight of them. Pau Brasil, Banyan, Casuarina, Bagassa, Iroko, Palma, Birchton and Radiata. Each named after common trees from the four countries or continents from which we all originated: India, Brasil, Russia, and Africa. They were evenly spaced out with the Superiors’ dwellings in their own town in the center. 
I was not prepared for two things. We were always taught every citizen of the Woodlands was treated the equally, that all the towns were the same, including the Superior dwellings. What we could see from the air was that the Superiors’ town had only one ring. It had hills and fields, pockets of water, and randomly scattered around this huge, open space were the compounds of the Superiors. 
The other thing that came as a surprise was the Wilderness itself. I couldn’t believe the sheer density of it. The forest was pressed up against the sides of every town, threatening to break down the walls and swallow it in green. It was strange, considering there was very little plant life within the walls—only one type of tree and some grass. 
There were no roads, no cleared space between one town and the next. No wonder they airlifted us out. I was peering through the tiny spaces in the foliage, my eyes finding a river, white rocks glistening in the sun, when I saw a Guardian slap the helmet of the pilot, quite hard. I don’t think we were supposed to see all that. The helicopter veered away from the concrete rings sharply. The Classes were located away from the towns. I took Joseph’s hand in mine, curling my fingers between his, and squeezed. He squeezed back, his blonde hair sweeping back and forth in front of his eyes as he stared out across the sky. I know he didn’t want to show it, but I’m sure he was as nervous as I was.



It took us about two hours to arrive at our destination. I enjoyed every minute of the ride. The world seemed so big from where we were. Not being surrounded by concrete walls was a marvelous feeling. I felt like screaming or howling but I knew better than to draw any more attention to myself. 
The compound of the Classes was very different to Pau. From the air it looked like there was one big ring with two small rings inside at one end, and one big ring at the opposite end. It actually seemed to resemble a face with a surprised expression—big open eyes and a wide mouth. I looked around to see if this amused anyone else. No. They all looked petrified, their knees jittering, or holding themselves tight like they thought their insides would fall out. I felt sorry for them. For them, being separated from their parents was a big deal. Joseph was looking down at it with a quizzical expression on his face. I gave his hand a squeeze. He turned and grinned at me. 
Between the inner rings was mottled green, not like the disordered chaos of the Wilderness but organized, like my mother’s patchwork curtains. I couldn’t tell exactly what it was from up here, but it looked like there were paths poking out here and there. I was hopeful. It was certainly different and that could be a good thing. When I looked back at Joseph, his expression had changed from one of amusement to very serious. He was deep in thought when we landed with a thud. We jolted in our seats and reality hit. He released my hand. One of the Guardians was talking but we couldn’t hear him until the blades of the chopper slowed, and then he was yelling at the top of his lungs, “…then go to the Centre and we’ll drop off your bags in your quarters.” He cleared his throat and in a softer tone said, “Off the helicopter everyone.” I giggled, which got me a harsh stare from some of the kids as well as the Guardian. It was different, but not that different. My humor was not appreciated here either.
We landed inside the mouth of the face. The walls were not as high here. I could actually see over them into what looked like a garden. It was beautiful and utterly foreign. I could see so many trees I had never seen before. Some with fruit hanging from overburdened branches, also herbs and flowers. I had only seen a real flower once. It had seeded in our front lawn, blown from the outside. I saw it for only a second before a groundskeeper plucked it from the earth and threw it in his bag of clippings. It was tiny and delicate, with yellow petals and a brown center. In this garden there were colors unlike anything made or grown in Pau Brasil. I was still craning my head around, trying to get a better look, as they guided us into the first building.
The buildings were all grey concrete, just like in Pau, but this collection of structures was grander and more imposing than our modest town buildings. They were overelaborate, with hideous, carved creatures climbing up the corners or sitting on the roof staring down at us. This was where the children had come to learn their trades, their fates, for over two hundred years. You could feel it, a mixture of history and solemnness. It was creepy, imagining dusty ghosts and stifled laughter floating down the halls.
Our small line of boys and girls was merged into a larger line as teenagers filtered in from other landing bays, until there were about fifty or sixty of us. Each of us was wearing our grey uniform with our tree emblems printed on the front. A Guardian was facing us as we were guided through a large set of carved, wooden doors. “Take your place at a table and be silent.” He said it about three times, repeating himself as more of us entered the room. His voice echoed around the vast hall, which, once everyone was seated, was still two-thirds empty. I guess, years ago, there must have been more bodies to fill the space. 
The Guardian stomped his foot once and called attention.
“Who are we?” he barked.
“Citizens of the Woodlands.” The room echoed with the combined, unsure voices of sixty or so terrified teenagers. And I joined them. For once, I didn’t want to make up my own version. All my cheek had evaporated into tiny particles that clung onto the edges of my clothes like germs. I couldn’t pretend I wasn’t as scared as every other kid in here.
“What do we see?” he said threateningly, his eyes squinting like he was trying to sift out the troublemakers early.
“All kind.” 
“What don’t we see?” He scanned the room, connecting with different eyes of different colors but all with the same wide bewilderment reflected in them.
“Own kind,” everyone said. 
Then one kid yelled out “Own kind” out of time with the others. The Guardian marched over to him and stood over his desk for the rest.
“Our parents were?” he asked the boy.
“Caretakers,” the boy whimpered.
“Our allegiance is to?”
“The Superiors. We defer to their judgment. Our war was our fault. The Superiors will correct our faults,” the boy muttered deeply to the top of his desk.
“What was that?” the Guardian said, leaning on the boy’s hand with his baton, pressing it hard across the boy’s fingers.
The boy winced but didn’t cry, “The Superiors. We defer to their judgment. Our war was our fault. The Superiors will correct our faults.” He yelled like the words couldn’t get out quick enough.
“Right!” the Guardian said in a voice like snapping shears. He released the boy’s fingers and held up his baton, scanning the desks with it. “And this is why we do the Test,” he concluded. He stomped back to the front to face us and motioned to the other Guardians who were standing against the wall. 
I felt like I missed something. There were a few confused faces, some shuffling in chairs, someone coughed. I turned around to find his face. Joseph looked as puzzled as me. He shrugged his shoulders conveying his uncertainty. I didn’t realize we would be doing the Test straight off. I was hoping I might have some time to prepare. This was to decide the rest of my life. I needed to get it right. 
The Guardians walked through the rows of desks handing out stacks of colored paper and pencils, their heavy, black boots sending vibrations across the polished wood floor. The man at the front kept talking. Pulling his glasses over his nose when he read and pushing them into his hair when he was looking at us.
“This is the written part of your test. Answer the questions honestly. If you answer dishonestly, we will know and you will be punished. There is no time limit. You may start as soon as you receive your packet. Raise your hand when you have completed each colored sheet and a Guardian will collect your answers.” 
I stared down at the stack of paper. So this was it, my life in a packet. I shrugged and started. Pink first. The questions were innocuous to begin with. ‘Do you like to be outdoors?’ or, ‘Do you enjoy a challenge?’ As I worked my way through, the questions became more detailed, more specific. They asked for answers to scientific questions like ‘how does the liver metabolize fat cells’. They were all multiple choice, and the answers all sounded the same to me, so I just picked one. I did try my best to answer the questions honestly. I was mindful of my habit to be sarcastic. I didn’t want to end up shoveling poo in a pig farm because I joked about loving the smell of slops in the morning. 
I put my hand up when I finished and the Guardian collected my last paper, perusing it carefully, making sure I had answered every question and ticked every box. He lifted his hand, indicating for me to stand. He scanned my wrist and then a barcode on the papers. I looked around and everyone was still writing, heads down, scribbling frantically. I had finished first. I was sure this couldn’t be a good thing. I was very worried I had missed something important, rushed through something I shouldn’t have, but it was too late. I was already being ushered out of the room and taken to the next stage of testing. 
I actually enjoyed the next part. I was brought to a room full of various stations, fluorescent lights bearing down on me, giving everything a too shiny, too bright kind of glow. On each table were different puzzles to solve. There were boxes made of wood, intricately carved into different segments that we had to pull apart and then put back together. There were mazes to solve and scenes to reconstruct from memory. Again, at the end of each task they scanned my wrist and then entered information into their readers. I found I could do these easily, feeling satisfied at the end that this, at least, I could do.
The last part was harder. It was an all-encompassing physical test. It was mid-afternoon and the sun was shining down on the grass, which was so green it looked like candy. It was hard to believe that this morning I was home, staring at myself in the mirror. 
We were tested on strength, agility, flexibility, speed, endurance, vision, and hearing. I did ok in most of the categories, except for flexibility. Sitting in the wet grass with my feet planted flat against a vertical plank of wood, I was told to touch my toes. I strained but I could only reach halfway down my shins. The guardian hovering over this station scowled at me and told me to try again. When I had the same result, she made me bow down while she pressed hard against my back. “Try harder,” she snapped. I wanted to snap back at her and tell her I was not a tube of toothpaste she could bend and squeeze, but I let her push me until every muscle in my back was stretching and screaming at me to release. She finally stopped pushing and grunted as she wrote down my results. My body sprung back like a rubber band and I moved quickly to the next station, worried she was going to try and tie my body into a bow if I hung around for too long. 
The Guardians watched our every move, scanning, ticking boxes, frowning; making us start over if they weren’t satisfied it was our best effort. I watched Joseph when I could. He, of course, was excelling at everything, as I knew he would. He was strong, agile, and undertook each task with ease. I was surprised to note that he wasn’t that fast though. I guess no one’s perfect. He looked focused and intense as he bent down to pick up the various weights handed to him, his blond curls falling down over his brow. I don’t think his head turned my way once.
When we were finished, we were told to sit on the benches bordering the large, grassed field and watched the rest complete their tests. Girls and boys separate. No talking. We all just stared out into the green, watching our companions push themselves to their limits. I wondered if I should have tried harder but I never wanted to be placed in a physical, laboring type class. All was quiet until we saw one girl throw down her weight and shout at one of the Guardians, “I can’t do it! I’ve already tried twice, stop asking me!”
It was so fast. Blink and you would have missed it. Menacingly swift and efficient, the Guardian whipped out an extending metal bar from his belt, cracked the back of her knees so that she fell forward, and then struck her with full force on the back of her neck. I’m sure I heard it snap and she fell to the ground, lifeless. I heard sharp intakes of breath and a few hushed whispers. This was to remind us of our place. This was not to be taken lightly; this was not going to be enjoyable. The Superiors were ever-present and ever cruel. One mistake and your life could be forfeit. 
“You two there,” the Guardian pointed to two boys who were working close to the girl. “Pick her up and take her to infirmary, from there they will direct you to the crematorium.” The boys moved towards her but hesitated, unsure of how to lift her, scared to touch the body. “Don’t just stand there. She’s not hurt—she’s dead—just pick her up!” The boys picked her up gently and started walking towards a building at the back of the grounds that had a red cross over the door. 
“Wait!” The boys paused. The Guardian walked over to them, held up the girl’s limp wrist, and scanned her number. “Ana Keffi,” said the computerized voice. The Guardian moved his finger this way and that until the word “deleted” was spoken by the reader. I shuddered. Their cruelty shocked me still. Even after everything I had seen, and experienced myself, I couldn’t believe that human beings could act in this way. I was close to being sick. “Back to it!” he yelled. Everyone returned to their activities, more silent and more serious.
When everyone was finished they asked us to form lines, boys to one side and girls to the other. Two female Guardians dressed in black skirts and wide-shouldered jackets marched over to us. They looked very similar, light brown hair pulled back into a tight bun pinned under their hats. The only difference was the shorter woman seemed less tidy. They told us to follow them, the untidy one hitching her tights up as she walked. I watched as three male Guardians led the boys around the edge of the field, following the bend of the low wall that edged the garden until they were out of sight. I tried to catch Joseph’s eye but he wouldn’t look up. I watched him until he disappeared around the bend.
We followed the curve of the garden wall in the opposite direction until we reached a platform. We waited there in the line, as a whisper quiet train pulled up. Everyone still seemed on edge after what had happened, and of course, there was no talking. I walked right at the back of the line as we boarded the train and ended up in a rear carriage with only one other girl on it. The train whizzed away from the platform and rounded the bend. 
I peered out the window at the garden as it rushed past. It was thickly wooded from the outside, but through the trees I could see glimpses of other beautiful plants. As we continued I caught sight of what appeared to be pens—I think I saw a goat, and some other animals that I wasn’t sure of the names. We stopped suddenly and I bumped into the seat in front of me. The girl shot me a reproachful glare as I stood up to disembark the shooting bullet of a train. I didn’t like it. It felt like we were going too fast with not enough time to take in the scenery, but maybe that was the point. We weren’t here to sightsee.
The tidy woman turned to face the line and said, “These are your living quarters for the next two years. My name is Mischka Baron and this is Stasia Krepke. You may address us as Guardian Baron and Guardian Krepke.” 
She went on to read from a very long list of rules. Things we could do and things we couldn’t do, mostly the latter. I was surprised to hear that we were afforded some leisure time and quite a bit of freedom to walk the grounds. I was itching to get into that garden. Visiting the boys’ quarters was strictly forbidden. We were allowed to socialize, to a point, but there were curfews. We were reminded that we were always being watched and any inappropriate behavior would be dealt with severely. The very fresh memory of the curled up, lifeless girl flashed before my eyes. I prayed there would be a list of these rules on the wall somewhere because as soon as she said we could wander around the grounds, I had only been half-listening. Looking with longing to that wooded area. 
We were led through big double gates and I realized we were to be living in one of the eyes of the surprised face we had seen from the air. The walls were as a high as those in Pau, shutting everything out, keeping us contained. Guardian Baron gestured to the relevant buildings as we passed them. The sun was going down and a low chill was floating across the grass. There were bathrooms, laundry, and lounge areas. We were required to do our own laundry and there was a schedule for when we were allowed to shower. Through to the big main building there was a list on a sidewall. There were three levels and our names and numbers were printed on the list next to a level and room number. There would be girls from last year, and the last four quarterly intakes up until this one, living together in the one building. All the first years were on the top level. I felt young. Everyone else was eighteen years or older.
Once we got to the top, we were led along a hallway and through more grand, double doors. It was a vast, open room with rows of beds. The polished floorboards were scuffed and worn from the hundreds of boots that must have walked up and down these rows over the years. It smelled musty and it was freezing cold. I could see my breath as I exhaled. On each stretcher bed there was a number stuck on a pile of blankets, bedclothes, pajamas, and our new uniforms, all grey-green. We would no longer wear the tree emblem from our hometowns. We were wards of the Classes and our new uniforms bore a simple emblem of eight concentric circles embroidered in black. I used to think my room was pretty basic; this was a whole new level of simplicity. Completely devoid of privacy.
As we walked around trying to find our beds, the great metal lights hanging from the ceiling shone like spotlights, swinging slightly from the vibrations of shuffling feet on the floor. I found my bed, which was thankfully by a window. I sat down and surveyed my neighbors. Scared, nervous girls, missing their parents, and trying so hard not to end up like the girl in the yard. I felt sure that the over-reaction to her subordinance was a message, a warning to all the newcomers not to step out of line. This was going to be very hard for me.
“Change into your uniforms and be ready for dinner at six o’clock,” Krepke shouted, a little too loudly. Baron stared at her disapprovingly. “I mean, errr, umm, 1800.”
We changed and I noticed we had been provided with a small toiletries bag with some basics in it. I decided I would go brush my teeth and fix my hair before dinner. 
When I arrived at the bathrooms, there were other girls in there. Three of them were talking about the girl, Ana. 
“It’s awful but she shouldn’t have yelled like that. She made us all look bad,” the tall, blonde one said.
“I suppose,” piped a small mousy girl, “but I think the punishment was rather harsh.”
“Rather harsh?” I was, as always, shocked by people’s reactions to the violence. “I think that’s an understatement. She’s dead—that’s not a punishment, that’s an execution.”
The blonde girl looked down her nose at me, opened her mouth to speak, and then thought better of it. Things were not going to be different for me here. I was still viewed as the troublemaker, someone you didn’t want to be seen standing next to, let alone be seen speaking to. They left, chattering about allocations and what they were hoping for.
I stared at myself in the mirror, my odd eyes staring back at me. My hair was a mess from the helicopter and the physical tests. I brushed it out and left it down. I looked tired, but then so did everyone else. The clock in the bathroom said 17:55. I quickly ran upstairs, threw my bag on my bed, and flew out the door. The dining hall was back in the main circle. So I waited for the train to speed me back.
When I arrived at the dining hall, everyone was already seated. They all stared at me as I looked for somewhere to sit. I searched for Joseph. He was sitting in the back with a group of older boys, laughing and joking. Of course, he had already made friends. I tried to make eye contact but he wouldn’t look my way, although I’m sure he saw me—everyone saw me. I sat down at the end of one of the long, wooden tables next to another group of boys, avoiding the sour girls I had met in the bathroom. The boys smiled and shuffled down to make room for me. They introduced themselves. There was a tall boy with light brown hair called Serge. He was goofy looking, like his arms and legs were too long for his body. Across from me was a handsome boy with dark hair and dark skin named Rasheed. He was younger, like me.
“Wow, amazing eyes!” he said. I glared at him but he just smiled back at me. “Whoa, guess the eyes are a touchy subject then.” Usually talking to me like this would make me want to slap the person, but he had such a charming manner about him that he relaxed me straight away.
“Wow,” I said in mock admiration, “amazing big nose!” Serge was laughing, a little too much. Rasheed just grinned.
“I like her,” he said, elbowing a boy next to him, who ignored him and continued to push his peas around his plate.
We talked all through dinner, and for a moment, I could forget about the harrowing events of the day and just enjoy someone’s company. It was a welcome change. Every now and then, I would look to the end of the table, to see if my friend had noticed me. Only once, he glanced my way. He seemed unhappy. Uncomfortable.
After dinner, we were scanned out and told to make our way back to our dorms. I wanted to walk, but I thought, tonight at least, I should try and behave myself. I took the train back. I was exhausted after all. I put my new pajamas on and crawled into bed, knowing full well sleep would probably escape me tonight. All night long I could hear other girls weeping into their pillows. Tears would not find me; there was nothing left to cry about. I thought about allocations. I hoped against hope that I might get into something decent. I also gave a secret wish for Joseph to get into what he wanted also. I did not hope for us to be in the same Class. That would not happen.



We were roused at 06:00 for showers and then straight to breakfast. Krepke and Baron were at the entrance to the bathroom, shouting at us to hurry up. I saw Baron strike a girl on the back while she was still in a towel, a red welt appearing across the girl’s still wet skin. I was always good at getting ready fast, so for once, I was first in line. 
Breakfast was a help-yourself kind of deal, with big metal dishes full of steaming food. Food I had never even seen before. I piled a little of everything on my plate. I wanted to try as much as possible. As I went to sit down, I could see Joseph sitting at the end of the table again. He looked up at me and smiled, sadly. I took a step towards him but he shook his head. His behavior was infuriating. I wanted to go and confront him but I heard ‘Hey amazing eyes, over here’. Rasheed and Serge were motioning for me to sit with them and I figured, well, at least they wanted to talk to me, so I turned away from him and towards my new friends.
“You should be quiet, Rasheed, you’ll get us in trouble,” I winked. 
“Call me Rash, and I think trouble’s more fun!” He winked back, eyeing my piled-high plate with amusement.
I dug in and, to my disappointment, found that everything tasted the same. The red meat tasted the same as the noodles with soup, which tasted the same as the orange fruit. I stared at my plate, confused. 
Serge spoke, “It’s synthetic, made to look like food from home but tastes like grey sludge. It has all the nutrition we require. I think it’s supposed to stop us from feeling homesick if it at least resembles something from home.” We rolled our eyes in unison. I was grateful that dinner, at least, tasted like real food. 
“Breakfast is the most important meal of the day,” Rash said with a wicked grin, brandishing his spoon like a weapon. I was sure I shouldn’t be associating with this boy but I couldn’t help myself. He was like me; I’d never met anyone like me.
When breakfast was over, we were told to report to our town room for allocations and the Letter. I had forgotten about the Letter. Once we received our Class allocation, we would be given one hour to write a letter to our parents, informing them of what we would be doing and to say farewell. I wondered what they would do for Ana’s parents. It had to be on our own paper and with our own pens so that the parents would know it was from us. The Superiors treated us like we were ignorant peasants. If they wanted to fake a letter, they could, easily. They thought of these inane ways to placate the people when all they really needed to do was maintain the fear. And they certainly did that.
Rasheed grabbed my hand and gave it a friendly squeeze. “Good luck, see you at dinner,” and with that he was off to meet his group from Banyan, Serge to the Birchton group. 
I followed Joseph and the others down the hall to a door with the Pau Brazil tree stenciled on the front. Upon entering I could see my place, with the five pens on the table that mother had found and our family letterhead stamped on the top of the paper. There was an envelope on the table that I knew contained my whole future. My allocation. Everyone took their places and started opening their envelopes hungrily. There were sighs of relief, looks of confusion and sheer devastation. I opened mine. It read ‘Rosa Bianca has been allocated the Class of Construction’. Confused didn’t even begin to cover how I was feeling. It was like getting sucked down a drain hole, gripping the edge for a moment before it pulled you down a waterslide. Joseph turned around to face me. I mouthed the words, ‘construction’. He mouthed the words ‘medical’. We both looked confounded by what we had read. Though Joseph was far better off than me—I was headed for a life in the Lowers. 
We were barely given time to process this new information before we were told we had one hour to write our family letters. Everyone started writing frantically. I just sat there and stared at my page. What could I say? This would be a disappointment to Paulo or maybe a triumph. I didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of knowing I had failed. My mother would be destroyed by it. I wanted to write something personal, tell my mother I missed or loved her, but nothing came, my hand was still but for the pen pecking dots on the paper. Joseph was scribbling away at a frenetic pace. In fact, so was everyone else. What was wrong with me? With about fifteen minutes to go, my hand selected a pen and wrote:

To Lenos Bianca,
I hope you are happy now. 
Sincerely, your daughter,
Rosa Bianca

P.S. Thanks for the eyes.

I folded it up carefully, slowly, drawing out the last few remaining minutes. I put it in the envelope and wrote his name on the front. Then I just sat there and waited for them to call time. 
Joseph was writing right up until they told us to stop. His broad shoulders hunched over his desk, his arm wrapped protectively around his precious letter to his beloved parents. I was so jealous of him and angry with him too. He could talk to me—he should. He owed me at least that.
“Please stand up and place your letters on the front desk.” We stood and Joseph’s hand shot back. He shoved a folded-up piece of paper into my hand and walked out, without turning around. I quickly stuck it in my waistband and followed. We had twenty-five minutes before we were to report to our Class rooms. I took this opportunity to walk to the gardens. 
I stepped through the gate and was immediately enveloped in greenery. It was cold but my cheeks felt warm. My heart was beating so fast as I raced to find a place I could sit and read. I was hoping it was an apology or maybe even a confession. That he wasn’t going to ditch me in this place. That he was still my friend. I should have left it to my imagination.
The first part was crossed out. I thought I could read the words ‘your father asked’. But then the rest was illegible. The part that I could read was an apology. But it was not the apology I was hoping for. Joseph said that he was very sorry. That he had used me for comfort, as a distraction while he was in the waiting period and upset about leaving his family. He said he never should have let it go on as long as it did and that he felt terrible. He said he did care for me, but now that he was going to the Uppers and I was going to the Lowers, it was better for both of us that we spent time with people from our own Class. He asked me not to talk to him and asked forgiveness for his behavior. 
I felt my insides turning to stone, my heart slowing, my breath taking longer and longer to go into my lungs and out. 
If I didn’t know how I felt about him before the letter, then I certainly knew my feelings now. Now, when it was too late. So this is what it felt like to have your heart broken, I thought. I hadn’t even noticed that I was crying until the words on the page started to blur as the ink ran together. I knew I wouldn’t come back from this. 
I stood up and scrunched the letter into a tight ball in my fist. I let the stone turn inside me, feeling the exquisite pain of love lost—before I even had a chance to hold it. I walked to my Class, feeling heavy but empty with tears still streaming down my face.



I burst into the Class on the first day. Bleary-eyed, wiping my nose with my sleeve, smearing snot across my face. I was the last one in, of course, and they all stared at me in surprise. Their wide eyes tracked me for two reasons: one, because of my disheveled and unsettling appearance, and two, because I was the only girl in the Class. I was about a foot shorter than everyone and tiny by comparison. These boys were big and burly, like Joseph, except for one. There, standing on the end of the line, was Rash. He looked concerned and motioned for me to pull my hair out of my face and wipe my eyes. I allowed myself a small measure of relief at the familiar face and stood next to him. 
Our teacher slammed through the doors about two minutes after me, scanner in hand. The big, heavy doors nearly hit him in the back of the head as they hit the wall and rebounded towards him. He scanned our wrists and told us not to be late. It was so hard not to point out his hypocrisy but somehow I managed to bite my tongue. He introduced himself as Thiago Gomez. He was a strong-looking man himself, with no hair and a grimacing face. Short and stocky, I was the only person he didn’t have to look up at to make eye contact with. He hid his surprise well, but he scanned my name twice before beginning the first lesson.



Mister Gomez held a two by four in his hand, clapping it into his palm as he spoke for emphasis. “In this Class you—thwack—will learn every skill required for building—thwack—fitting out and also repairing a Woodland home—thwack.” 
It sounded dreadfully boring and I was sure I would be terrible at it. Creating things, building things, was not my forte. I always thought I would be much better at destroying.
“This will range from concrete pouring to cabinetry. This is important and I expect you to pay attention and work hard.”
I rocked back and forth on my heels, thinking of how I could get out of this Class.
“It will be back breaking, grueling, and you’ll develop callouses in places you didn’t even know you had, but if you boys, er, students, listen and pay attention, you can make a good career from this Class,” Mister Gomez said, pacing in front of us, gripping the two by four plank and waving it around the class. “Don’t disappoint me.”
We all leaned back from the swaying plank as it grazed past our noses but his actions weren’t threatening. He then gave each of us a hammer and a box of nails and set us to work on framework for walls. The boys all clanged and clamored around like they had done this before. I hung back and observed. Observed nails being bent and Rash making an idiot of himself. I held the hammer in my hand—it was heavy, reassuring in a way I hadn’t expected. It was simple and aweing in its purpose and it was perplexing. What made them think this was for me? I stared down at it for a long time like I was waiting for it to tell me something. It didn’t.
I returned to the dorms after dinner, feeling lost. This was so very far from what I had anticipated. I walked through the garden with Rash, kicking dirt and playing with my hair distractedly. I could tell he was as surprised as me. 
“So... construction... who’d have thought?” he said, breaking the silence.
“What were you hoping for?” I asked.
“Um, I wasn’t really hoping for anything. This is already more than I could have dreamed,” he said, not joking.
“Really?” I was surprised.
He kicked some loose stones and a plume of dust clung to his grey pants. When he planted himself on a wooden barrier, near the pens I had picked out as animal housing from the air, his expression was somber. It didn’t fit. 
The farm animals were separated, with gold plaques screwed into the fence posts of their enclosures naming them as goats, sheep, chickens, pigs, boars. Hands in his pockets, Rash looked like he wanted to say something but it was difficult for him. I sat down close, our hipbones touching. He leaned into my shoulder. He was almost as sharp and bony as I was.
Already, I felt like we were linked. Like our similarities drew a connecting line from one to the other. I didn’t look at him but said, “You can tell me. But you don’t have to. We can go make comparisons between the farm animals and the Guardians. I think Gomez looks like that boar with the missing tusk.” I pointed to the pen, the hairy creature snorting as if he was offended. Rash laughed half-heartedly. He took my hand and told me his story. It was cool and steady, easy to hold. And if I had been in his situation, I would find it hard to laugh about anything.
His father died when he was one and with no one willing to marry his mother at her age and with no money, she turned to servicing the local law enforcement. “If you know what I mean?” he said. I nodded. Rash was her second child and his mother was old. Sometimes she would get money, sometimes a beating. She cursed Rash for her bad fortune and he copped a fair few beatings himself. One night, after a particularly bad run in with a customer, his mother crept into his room and held a knife to his throat. 
“She was crazy. I reckon she was like that because of what she had to do to survive. She used to scream for my brother.” Rash looked down at our joined hand and traced our knuckles with his other fingers. “I think she wished he had survived and not me. She blamed me for everything,” he said in a voice so small it was like Rash had been swallowed.
Then his mood switched, “She did it all the time. The same speech, different methods.” He said like it was something altogether ordinary. Like saying, ‘I like milk on my cereal.’ 
“You ruined my life! she would say,” Rash yelled in a hag-like voice, throwing his fist in the air. He then went on to comically demonstrate the various methods his mother had used to try and kill him. Hands around his neck trying to choke him, his tongue hanging out, making strangled noises and coughing, and fighting to breathe with a pillow over his face. He looked so funny flailing around on the ground, like a beetle on its back, that I laughed despite myself.
He got up and I dusted the dirt from his back. His face changed. No longer a smile, but a sad expression that made him look older. He shook his head, trying to dislodge the horrible memory.
“She’d never used a knife before. I wasn’t ready for that. I had to fight back. I didn’t want to die.”
I didn’t know what to say. So I didn’t say anything. I just squeezed his rough hand and stared out into the trees, watched them pick up the slight wind and dance on it. Nodding their heads in agreement that no one should have to go through something so horrible. Wishing I could lift some of the burden, that I could reach into his head and pluck out those painful memories.
“I tried to save her but there was just so much blood. Too much.” He wasn’t crying. He talked about it almost like it was someone else’s story, like he had watched it from a distance. Commented on the angle of the knife, the ineffectual method of stabbing that left the victim bleeding for hours before the release of death. 
“Anyway, I buried her, under the house. Then I told the neighbors she had run away. Of course they reported me straight away and, before I knew what was happening, I was on a chopper to here.”
I nodded. He was right. Anything was better than that. His expression quickly changed, his face relaxed, and he was easy-going Rash again. He let go of my hand and punched my shoulder lightly, “Farm animals?”
“Sure.” I guess everyone had their own way of coping. This was his.
After time spent joking with Rash at the animal pens, we separated and I went back to my dorm. It was dark and the moonlight made the buildings look less harsh, less like they were going to rise up and devour me. But I still felt small; the eyes of the concrete creatures clinging to the drainpipes followed me, mocked me.
I lay awake thinking about what Rash had said. Realizing that things could be a lot worse for me. Construction was a surprise, yes, but there must have been a reason why they picked it, something in my tests that pointed them in that direction. I would try. I would go into Class and absorb everything I could. I fell asleep easily. Anticipating the ‘hard, hard work’ but kind of looking forward to it.



It didn’t take me long to realize that there had been a reason. I was good at this, really good. Every week we would learn a new skill, repeat it as many times as was necessary to perfect it, and then move on to something new. Our teacher was passionate and intense, but he wasn’t unkind. He had never-ending patience for the ones that struggled. For once, somehow, that wasn’t me. I enjoyed making things. Taking a piece of wood and crafting it into something useful was calming and centering for me. 
My classmates were all genuinely decent young men, despite the swearing. They looked out for me in the beginning, protective because I was a girl, but once they could see I was managing really well on my own, they would often come to me for help. 
Daydreaming about Joseph, I was plummeting a drill bit into a piece of plasterboard, white dust flying everywhere like toxic snow. I was thinking about talking to him, imagining a confrontation that didn’t end in him running away from me. A strong hand wrapped around my own and pulled the drill back.
“Uh, Soar?” My new nickname. “What the hell are you doing?”
I snapped my head around to face Nik, a tree stump of a boy whose ropey exterior resembled an even rougher and ropier interior. 
“Oh, damn, sorry Nik, I wasn’t concentrating.”
He looked at me dumbfounded, “What yer apologizing to me for? I jest needed yer help with sumthin’.” He ran his hand through his black-as-batwing hair awkwardly, “Er, that is, if ya have the time.”
I let in a puff of pride at the fact that this boy needed my help. Trying not to be too girly and blush, I punched his arm, which felt exactly as I thought it would, like punching a bag of nails, and said, “Of course. What do you need?”
“Well, I can’t reach that goddamn tin of oil up there.” He pointed to a high shelf. I felt myself deflating. “Can I lift you up there to get it?”
“Oh, sure,” I said quietly. He grabbed me by my waist and lifted me with ease. I snatched the tin and slammed it on the bench. 
“Thanks,” Nik muttered. “Um, Soar?” 
What now, did he want me to fix the ceiling fan while I was up there?
“Yes.”
“Ah crap, how freakin’ long does this take fore I can put a second coat on it, and um, do ya sand in between?”
I grabbed his impossibly hard arm, steered him to his workbench, and began instructing him, Gomez looking silently over my shoulder.
As I selected a piece of fine-grit sandpaper, I asked, “Nik?”
“Yeah.”
“Why Soar?”
His pale blue eyes fixed on me and he gave a crooked grin. “Aw ya know, coz yer the high flyer in the class. And, der, it’s Rosa backwards.”  
My mouth twitched into a half-smile. I didn’t correct him.



As the weeks went by, the violence faded, as did the heartache. I was surrounded by friends who respected me and it salved my heart inadvertently. The students were all working hard towards the mid-year assessment. I saw Joseph from time to time, hanging around outside the medical building, swinging from the concrete pillars, wearing his white coat. He seemed happy. I tried to be happy for him, despite the stone that twisted in my heart. He never looked at me.
At meal times I ate with the boys. Mucked around with Rash. I was the only one from Pau Brasil in my Class. Rash was from Banyan as were two of the others, the rest were from the rocky towns of Birchton and Radiata. They were big, tall boys with strong bodies and rough language. I loved it. I loved that they treated me as their equal, never censoring themselves. They slapped me on the back just as hard as the others. I went flying, but I still appreciated it. 
Occasionally Serge would sit with us. He had been allocated Intelligence, which was the most highly regarded Class. I had this sneaking suspicion he had a crush on me, which Rash teased me about mercilessly. He would sit behind us as Serge tried to make conversation with me and raise his eyebrows repeatedly while the other boys snickered. Serge was sweet and I’m sure I could do a lot worse, but no match could be made here. We still didn’t know what town we were to be placed in. Romantic connections were pointless. They happened, but they were pointless.
“Your children would look like weird-eyed insects,” Rash said as he galloped awkwardly, imitating Serge’s long limbs and jerky movements.
“I’m not having any children,” I snapped. I couldn’t think of anything worse.
It was the first time in my life, apart from the short time I had spent with Joseph, that I felt like myself. Comfortable, and could it be? At home. I didn’t trust it, but tried my hardest to be in the moment. I had two years of this before I had to leave. I thought I might as well do my best to enjoy it.



Coming up to assessment, we started eating together quickly and then leaving early as a group, to get back to the workshop. As we were leaving, Rash whispered to me, “Why does that beautiful blonde man keep staring at you?” as we were clearing our table before heading back to the workshop. “I mean you are very pretty but he is always looking at you with sad, longing eyes.” Rash clasped his hands dramatically, swooning, making it sound like something romantic and forbidden. I felt myself constricting. I didn’t like that he made reference to my looks or Joseph. 
“What are you talking about?” I said, punching his arm. Rash always exaggerated. 
Somewhat seriously, well, as serious as Rash could ever sound when he was in this kind of mood, he said, “He looks at you, like, I don’t know, like you’re the only girl in the world, or something.”
I snorted. I highly doubted it. From what I had seen, Joseph could have his pick of any girl in this place. They threw themselves at him on a daily basis. I heard the other girls talking about him at the dorms. I hated it. I was tempted to make up a rumor that he had a hideous birth defect or something. Instead, I just quietly fumed. 
“Maybe he’s looking at you, you idiot, since you’re always making a spectacle of yourself,” I deflected. I didn’t like thinking about Joseph and I certainly didn’t want to talk about him. That was enough to distract Rash, who then went on and on about how, of course, everyone was looking at him—he was the most handsome, clever person in this place. I kicked him in the back of the legs so his knees buckled. I glanced over at Joseph while Rash was sprawled on the floor, just to check. He was talking to his medical friends. His face was concentrated like he was talking about something very important. It had been months since I had heard his voice and I realized I didn’t really know him anymore—he seemed so grown up compared to us. I blushed as I realized if he had looked over this way, he probably thought we were all clowns.
I turned to Rash, who was moaning about his aching knees. “Can you be even slightly serious for a second?” I said loudly. Then more quietly, “We’ve got assessment to worry about.”
“Oh, I’m all about being serious, sister!” Rash stood up straight and started marching out the door, kicking his legs high in the air. The rest of the boys were barreling out the door laughing and knocking each other around. One of the Birch boys shoved me into the wall. I squeaked as I banged my elbow. I turned and leaned against the dark wood paneling, facing the doorway, rubbing the graze. Joseph was standing. Our eyes met, a pull so strong it was like we were attached with a fishing line and he was reeling me in. I took one step towards him. His fists were clenched, his face drawn down. He looked like he was having an inner debate with himself. But before I could react any further, a brown arm grabbed me and pulled me away from the entrance.
“C’mon, Soar, we have work to do.” I closed my eyes and tried to convince myself that I had imagined that moment. Assessment, I said to myself. That’s all that matters.



The assessment was a big deal. It determined what stream you would go into from your Allocation. So, if you were in the medical Class and you scored well, you would go into the high stream, training you to be a surgeon or researcher. If you did poorly, you would be emptying old people’s bedpans in the outer rings. For me, scoring highly meant the difference between laying bricks and crafting furniture. I desperately wanted to do well. I had found I adored working with wood and I was good at it. Mister Gomez had let us choose our own project. We just had to make something from local resources and it needed to have a specific purpose. 
Most of the boys were making tables and chairs or desks with drawers. I chose something more delicate. I was aiming for the top, so I was trying to make a jewelry box for a woman in Superiors. I had to use a lot of imagination, as I had never really seen much jewelry. Only my mother’s simple wedding ring and a necklace Paulo’s mother had given her. I made a lockable box with a removable tray on the top that had small compartments for rings and earrings and a large compartment underneath for larger items. I needed it to be perfect. Simple but beautiful. I had carved eight concentric rings resembling the towns of the Woodlands into the lid of the box. I painstakingly inlayed the timbers from each town into the rings. 
The boys all hovered around, admiring it. Nik slapped me on the back a little too hard and I braced myself against the edge of the bench. “Hell, Soar, ya did well. Ya tryin’ to make us all look bad,” he said with a crooked smile.
One of the boys punched Nik hard in the gut. “Don’t be a dickhead, Nik. Nah, it’s really good Soar, really good.” I just grinned. They were so kind to me. I never felt like I was in competition with them. We all wanted each other to do well.
When I placed the last piece of wood in the rings, I felt an enormous sense of accomplishment. I had poured my heart and soul into making this and it was beautiful. The timber was warm and smooth to touch. The design was flawless. I had never created anything I was more proud of. I’d never created anything before. I was sure that this would be enough to secure me a place in the high stream.
On my way back to the dorms, Rash and I walked through the garden, which was actually called the Class Arboretum. It was my favorite place and we had come here often over the last couple of months. He would prattle on and I would pretend to listen as I walked from plant to plant reading the little plaques. Absorbing the information like a drug. If I hadn’t got into Construction, I think I would have enjoyed horticulture.
I was reading the description for the Pau Brasil tree for the hundredth time when Rash sidled up to me. He was light on his feet and he startled me with his closeness. It was dark, with only the moonlight and some garden lights dotted around to illuminate the way. 
“Good luck for tomorrow, Rosa,” he said. He never used my real name. I frowned and bumped him sideways. “Good luck, Rash, you’re going to need it.” I winked at him and he grinned at me, only his white teeth shining like a low half-moon in the dark ness. If I were to have a brother, I would want it to be him. I gave him a big hug and he hugged me back. He didn’t jump away, or question the feelings behind it. We were friends. We parted and I went back to the dorm.
That night I dreamed a wonderful dream. I was in my own little workshop. Making furniture, running my hands over freshly sanded timber, working hard but enjoying every minute. I was content.



If I had known this was the day, I wonder if I would have done anything different. Could I have stopped the horrible events that unfolded before my eyes? 
Maybe. 
Probably not.
I had worked late into the night, putting coats of oil and endlessly sanding my jewelry box. I was obsessing over it, wanting to make sure every part of it was perfect. Not even admitting to myself how much it meant to me. 
Now that I was back in the workshop, after a restless nights’ sleep, I stepped back and tried to appraise it critically. It was certainly eye pleasing. It didn’t look like something I made and I couldn’t help wondering where I had pulled it from. How was I able to create something so good? It was not like me, or at least not what I thought I was like. A sense of unfamiliar pride swelled inside me. I was nervous, but satisfied that this would be good enough. The dream crept back into my mind, a shiny, haze of a picture. My own workshop, my own work. 
“Don’t worry, Soar, it’s fantastic!” said Henri, putting his long arm around my shoulders. I took a deep breath. He smelled wonderful, like a combination of freshly sanded timber and oil. I could tell by the dark circles under his eyes that he had been here all night, his usually flawless appearance showing some cracks, a hair out of place, a crinkle in his shirt. 
Henri had been the moral compass of the group. From what I had gathered, life in Birchton was even harsher than in Pau. Henri had been raised in an extremely strict environment and his appearance reflected that. His ash-blonde hair was always neatly combed back. His uniform was always impeccable. Outwardly, he looked like the perfect student, serious and dedicated. But there was such a warmth and kindness to him. He was always looking out for us, trying, to no avail, to get the group to settle down at meal times and in class. I admired the fact that despite his hard upbringing, he had managed to keep his soul intact, unlike many of the other students. He was the one that we would look to, in case we had gone too far, and he would always let us know, but in a kind and measured way. Having someone look out for me wasn’t something I was very used to. In Pau, everyone looked after themselves. I only knew one other person who behaved like Henri, or at least used to.
“Thanks, I love yours,” I said, thinking it was not enough but not knowing what else to say. I ran my hands over his impressive desk. Henri had constructed a strong-looking desk out of the pale orange-colored timber of his hometown. It was deceptively complicated. Upon closer inspection, you could see the craftsmanship that had gone into it. The top, lockable drawer that slid open effortlessly and the carved handles made it look extraordinary. Each one was shaped like a delicate birch leaf, curled perfectly to allow the opener to grasp it and pull with ease.
As I shut the drawer, Mister Gomez stormed in looking like a terrified mole, squinting and crashing into things. I suppose, for him, this was an assessment of his teaching skills, and for us to do poorly reflected directly on him. But when he took in the superb creations his students had produced, his shoulders, tensed and almost touching his ears, seemed to relax a little. Until his dark eyes glanced at Rash’s wobbly-looking table.
“Listen up everyone. We have until twelve to finish. Rasheed, I suggest you attend to the wobbly leg on that table.” He proceeded to walk around the workshop, pointing out minor issues that needed to be fixed. When he came to me, I was just about to pick it up and take it over to the sanding bench. He put his hand on my wrist. It was all sweaty, but I did my best not to pull back. 
He said, “Leave it, Rosa, I don’t think there’s any more you can do.” I think I must have looked hurt or worried because he quickly followed it up with, “You surprised me, girl, it’s excellent work,” then he gruffly snatched the box out of my hands and placed it towards the end of the judgment line.
Rash winked at me and mouthed the words, “Told ya,” and then started squirting way too much glue into the join between his tabletop and leg. I wished he had taken this more seriously. I highly doubted he would end up in the high stream with that table.
The other boys were all working really hard. They were focused and I didn’t want to distract them. I wasn’t allowed to help, so I asked Mister Gomez if I could take some free time. He waved me off, muttering something about having enough to worry about, as he snatched the hammer out of Rash’s hands. Rash had given up on glue and was trying to hammer a wedge in the join between the leg and the table to even it up. Bricklayer, I thought.
I wandered outside and made my way back to the Arboretum. The weather was getting colder and my thin cotton uniform was failing to shield me from the chill. Soon, I thought, there would be a light blanket of snow covering most of these tree branches. It would be a beautiful sight, another I had never seen before. I could imagine trees laden with heavy snow, green contrasting against the cool white. In Pau we had snow. But snow on concrete was just snow on concrete—it was nothing special. 
I welcomed winter; there would be less people outside. I could walk freely around the trees without interruption. I walked from plant to plant reading the plaques. Each time, I remembered a little more, finding I could repeat the names of at least half of the plants in here just by looking at them. 
I arrived at my favorite place. The Banyan tree’s limbs stretched out, beckoning for me to climb under their thick, grey branches. The hanging roots dripped down, providing a curtain under which to shelter. I pulled them apart and nestled in amongst the roots and the damp dirt. I had about one hour to wait.
I thought about what had got me here. Hate and love in equal measure. Then I thought about how I felt now. I had changed. I had let go of the hate now. The love was harder to free but maybe, in time, that too would fade. I had learned so much. Things about myself I had never known existed, what I was capable of. Somehow I had managed to make friends. Most importantly, I felt like I had a place. In this awful situation, I had found something good. I was amazed at myself and reluctantly, proud. I held one of the Banyan roots in my hand. It was dangling maybe a centimeter off the ground, stretching and straining to get to the cool, damp earth. If I had a place, maybe I could start to heal, start to grow. I let the root fall, not long now and it would find its way to the ground, be nourished and in turn nourish its mother tree.
I heard him before I saw him. One thing he never was, was quiet. Joseph stomped up the path, snapping twigs and branches as he went. I retreated further behind the curtain of grey roots and watched. He was pacing back and forth, clearly distressed. He plonked himself down against the Brasilwood, his large form looking out of place next to the tiny trunk. Sitting right in the spot where two months ago, I had read his letter. He sat with his elbows on his knees. His body was tense, like a spring trap, as he pulled his golden curls back from his face.
My heart ached for him. He was only a few meters away, but it felt like such a distance to cover. I wanted to crawl over to him and hold him, have him hold me. But remembering the letter, I froze, feeling that stone where my heart used to be, twisting and wringing out my insides. 
I clutched my chest, the imagined pain starting to feel real. I couldn’t breathe. The once comforting roots of the tree now felt like they were strangling me, trying to tie me down, pull me into the ground. I knew I couldn’t sit there for much longer. But I didn’t want to burst out of the tree, revealing that I had been watching him this whole time. I struggled to contain myself but thankfully, after about five minutes, he sat up straight, like he had remembered something important. He muttered, “I have to do it,” and then he stormed off determinedly.
I parted the curtain of knobbly roots and stepped out, surveying the scene. I wished I had time to sort through these feelings, to try and understand what I had just seen. He always seemed so happy when I saw him. I wondered if it was something that had just happened—had he done poorly on his assessment? I doubted it. There was no time. There were no answers anyway. I ran back to the workshop with minutes to spare, distracted and weary.
I walked through the swinging double doors to the workshop and was confronted with a re-stressed Gomez flustering his hairy arms about. “Good, Rosa, you’re here. The judges will be here any second now.” He grabbed me by the shoulders and jostled me into line with the others, leaving palm-shaped wet patches on my t-shirt. I noticed that Rash had somehow managed to salvage his table and it stood straight. It was terribly simple and I didn’t hold much hope that he would score well, but at least it wasn’t leaning at a forty-five-degree angle anymore. 
I stood between Rash and Henri, my two favorite people, and held my breath. The judges entered. One woman and one man both dressed in a red uniform with the same gold trim as the other guardians. I didn’t recognize them; they must have been from outside the Classes. Readers in hand, they walked to the first piece and circled it, whispering to each other. They scanned the boy’s wrist and proceeded to type things in, adding a score to his name. The woman seemed senior. She ordered the other one around, occasionally tucking her grey bob behind her ears as she spoke in a low, hissing whisper. She had a stern, nasty face that was set in a permanent frown. The man was younger and kept looking to her before typing in his notes. His small, brown face twisting like he had smelled something bad as he inspected every aspect of the pieces. He reminded me of a rat, twitching and sniffing, following the other one around waiting for crumbs to fall.
I was the second to last to be appraised and it was agonizing waiting for them to get to me. I leaned and swayed on my tiptoes, inadvertently peering at the male Guardian’s screen. He scowled at me and tucked it under his arm, protecting his piece of cheese. All he needed were whiskers to complete the transformation.
When they got to Rash, they didn’t take much time. The woman raised one eyebrow as she stared down at my friend. I noticed she was wearing makeup, a rare luxury. It was caked in the corner of her eyes, balled up bits of black grit that made her blink too much. Rash shifted uneasily from foot to foot under her critical gaze, smiling inappropriately at her. I had a moment of panic, thinking he might be stupid enough to wink at her. I wanted to whack him and tell him no amount of charm was going to help him today. When they moved on, I heard him sigh in relief. It was my turn. 
The woman lifted the lid to my jewelry box with her little finger. It glided open gently, elegantly. She inspected every compartment with a critical eye, checking the workmanship meticulously. She closed the lid and ran her hand over the emblem on the front, tracing each individual circle of timber with her finger. I wanted to talk, explain to her the differences in the timbers, the purpose of each compartment. I bit my lip, tasting blood. She turned to her colleague and she smiled. It didn’t look right on her shrewd face. But her teeth were showing through her thin lips caked in dried-up lipstick. Mister Gomez was looking very pleased as she nodded her head approvingly in his direction. She typed in her scores and moved on to Henri. I relaxed a little. Rash and the other boys were all grinning at me. A feeling of elation was creeping through me, threatening to make me do something crazy, like jump in the air or yell out. Maybe this could work, I thought. My love of this craft was not misplaced—I might actually succeed.
The judges both seemed quite pleased with Henri’s desk as well, nodding and whispering in a painful performance that only heightened the tension in the room. We wanted it be over. When they had completed their assessments, the judges walked to Mister Gomez, their gold-embellished shoulders glinting under the fluorescence, and turned to face the class. I looked down the line—eight young men with their futures hanging in the balance. They were all strong, good boys with sawdust in their hair and oil on their calloused fingers. 
“You have all performed satisfactorily in this assessment,” she stated. “Your score will be prepared and provided to you tomorrow morning. Perez.” She motioned for him to step forward and then she placed a hammer in his hand.
I wish I had been prepared for this. I’m not sure whether it would have changed anything but maybe it would have. There could have been a chance. I could have had a chance. 
Perez’s face looked devilish as he moved to the first table. Without ceremony, without hesitation, he smashed it. I watched each of my friends’ devastated faces as he moved from piece to piece, destroying their work. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. What was the point to this? I felt each blow like he was striking me. My arms held up in defense, my body vibrating with every crash of the hammer. I couldn’t stand it anymore. Three pieces into the destruction, I screamed. 
“Stop!” Everyone stared at me. The boys were shaking their heads, pleading with their eyes for me not to continue. Henri whispered, “Soar, no,” but this was me—I couldn’t stop even if I wanted to. “Please,” I begged, “you can’t do this.” I was shaking. Even as the words escaped my mouth, I knew it was futile. 
Perez took three steps towards me and pounded me in the face with the flat side of the hammer. I flew sideways, knocking Henri’s desk over in the process. I felt teeth from my right jaw rattling in my mouth, which filled with the metallic taste of blood and threatened to drown me. The pain was immense as it spread from my jaw up and around my head, throbbing. The torn flesh of my face was searing hot, each nerve ending screaming. I couldn’t focus, vision blurred but not from tears. I stayed silent.  Trying to breathe, trying really hard not to panic.
As I lay there on the floor clutching my broken face, I wondered why Mister Gomez hadn’t warned us. He had always been strict but never cruel. This was cruelty. Then it came to me, as bits of wood and lacquer rained down on me from above. Shards of my proud creation were landing in my hair and sticking to the growing pool of blood around where I was lying. There were two reasons. One, we probably wouldn’t have tried so hard if we knew. And two, this was part of the assessment. It was a test. And I had just failed with flying colors. In one swift move, I had ruined everything.
The noise of my beautiful jewelry box being shattered marked the end for me. I knew it, as well as everyone else in the room. Rash stepped forward, foolishly trying to diffuse the situation. “C’mon guys…” he said as he took a step towards me. The expression on his face showed me how bad I must have looked. The grey-haired woman stepped forward and touched a black device lightly to his chest. His body jolted unnaturally and he fell to the floor. I hauled myself over to him, leaving a smear of blood-sticky woodchips in my wake. He was still breathing but he was unconscious. I saw the other boys, my treasured family, moving forward, like they were about to act. I pulled myself up to sitting, a mixture of blood and teeth spilling from my lips as I spoke, “No. Help Rash.” Whatever was going to happen to me, I didn’t want them dragged into it.
Two men had appeared in the doorway, dressed in the black Guardian garb. They were directed to take me by the female judge, who was definitely not whispering anymore. Her harsh shouting reverberated in my swollen head. “Remove her immediately!” she barked at them, pinching the bridge of her nose like the whole thing had inconveniently given her a headache. They roughly hooked their arms under mine and pulled me to my feet. As they lugged me out the door like a sack of potatoes, I could see the boys helping Rash to his feet. I was thankful that for now, at least, he had escaped further punishment. 
The Guardians were trying to make me walk. I tried but I felt dizzy and uncoordinated, like my legs were made of jelly. My shirt was soaked with blood and my eye was starting to close up. One of the men gave up and slung me into his arms. I had no strength to struggle. Besides, there was nowhere to run to. 
The hall started to narrow before my eyes. I felt my body being hollowed out and filled with lead. Everything that I had tried to build was gone, forever. Any warmth I had in me was replaced with a cold dread, knowing that I would most likely be dead in a few hours. My vision was getting tighter and tighter, until all I could see was a spot of light dancing before my one good eye. I felt my body being dumped on a hard, cold surface. I exhaled, farewelling my life. Hope was gone. Death was imminent. I prayed it would be fast.



It felt like I had missed something, like there was a gap in my memory. I didn’t know how long I had been here and what they were asking of me. I knew that it was big. Something I was resisting. Things kept slipping and I needed to retrace my steps. I felt like it was essential I figured it out soon, before something bad happened. 
There was an ominous cloud hanging over my head, pushing down on me, pushing me to look deeper. I curled around the emptiness and pulled a yellow quilt around my shaking shoulders. This was home, right? It looked like home, but there were small things that didn’t quite fit—like the small crack above my bed that I used to trace with my finger when I couldn’t sleep and the quilt made from scraps of fabric, sewn by my mother, the faded spot on the curtain where the sun hit in the afternoon. There was no sun here. It felt like we were underground. It was cold. My ears sought noise from the outside world but there were none. No birds, no wolves howling, no lawn mowers grumbling. All that was familiar to me was twisted or simply missing. 
And somewhere at the back of all of this, there was something pushing. A fissure was appearing in the black spots of my memory, one small shaft of light. I felt like if I could get my fingers in and pry it apart, things would become clearer. Thoughts ticked over time and I came back to home. Was I even supposed to be at home?
I was tracing that imaginary crack over and over when they came in. One, two, three people, smiling unconvincingly. “How are you feeling?” one asked, patting my arm absently. She peeled back the covers and wrapped a black bandage around my arm, inflating it until it hurt while pressing her cool fingers to my wrist. Someone handed me a tray of food and a milkshake, which they told me had the extra vitamins I needed in it. I didn’t register faces, voices. It seemed unimportant. Food, however, seemed extremely important and I eagerly dove into my meal and took sips of my shake, while nodding at their questions. A tall man, with a frightening smile, all giant teeth that didn’t quite fit in his mouth, asked me if I’d had any nausea that day. I shook my head and touched my stomach instinctively. My milkshake stuck in my throat.
I rolled my hands over my middle, expecting loose clothing and a flat stomach, my fingers pressing down. “What the hell is this?” I screamed. I was bulging. I looked like I had swallowed a sack of rice, or had been blown up with air. My once smooth, smooth stomach had been replaced by a protrusion, a lump. Concern flickered on the blonde lady’s face but it was quickly covered up, her composure a serene mask. The other, older woman, held my hand away from my stomach. She held it tightly, as if trying to stop me from touching it again. I felt her manicured nails digging into my wrist.
“Now calm down…” someone whispered as I felt my armed pulled upward violently and jabbed sharply.
A fog rose up around me. I was floating on a grey cloud, unaware and indifferent. I went back to feeling like I couldn’t quite grasp what was happening to me. But somewhere, a thought was pawing at me and I got the sense this had happened before, many times more than once.



Was I dreaming or was this real? Things swirled around in my head, blood, warmth, shredding pain. I reached out and grasped at the one thing I knew was true. My name was Rosa, I was sixteen years old, and I surrendered myself to the Classes early because my mother was pregnant. But even this memory seemed wrong. Wasn’t there a boy? I shook my head, trying to clear it, but his face remained a blur surrounded by a blondish halo. I hit my thighs with my fist weakly in frustration. It was like I was climbing the inside of a bowl, always slipping back down to the bottom every time I thought I had made some progress.



Whoosh! The sound of air escaping from somewhere startled me. But then a calm washed over my whole body and whatever startled me didn’t seem to matter anymore. Every muscle in my body relaxed and I felt myself sinking. 
Whoosh! There was that sound again. I wondered where it was coming from, but at the same time I didn’t care. Curiosity was a vague shape, easily shelved. I felt at ease, peaceful and sleepy. But something sharp kept pushing up inside me and telling me to fight it, drag myself out of this strange fog. This peace was false. 
I pricked my ears, feeling like I hadn’t used them in months. The whooshing sound had come from underneath the slim, metal-framed bed I was sitting on. I dragged my body up to sitting and rolled over and down the side of the bed. Every movement needed my full concentration and energy like I was moving through molasses. Once over the edge of the bed, I felt like I was dragging myself over the edge of a cliff, my legs dangling in the air. I gripped the cold, metal bars of the bed, feeling like I might fall miles and miles into a dark abyss. My body felt uncoordinated and unbalanced but I persisted, pulling my awkward form along the floor like a commando. 
And there it was…
Underneath the bed was a tiny silver pipe with what looked like a little showerhead over it. “Whoosh!” A flush of cold, sweet smelling air hit my face and everything went dark.



I woke up back on my bed, with unfamiliar people crowded around me. Men and women in white coats, holding my arms up, pinching my toes, looking in my eyes with small, silver torches. I pursed my lips, trying to concentrate, but explanations seemed just out of reach. Were these doctors? Or perhaps scientists? In Pau, well, in the rings I had been to, there were a few people who dressed like this. They poured out of a dingy looking building in Ring Five at quitting time. They quickly shrugged off their white coats and shoved them in their packs as they walked home. Shedding their skin as they returned to their other, separate life back in the housing areas. Pau was like that—no one ever talked about what they did for a living. Pride was not a rewarded attribute.
“I think she must have rolled off, or fallen,” the tall man said. “I don’t think she’s compromised.” I tried hard not to raise an eyebrow at the word ‘compromised’.
The younger female smiled at me, patting my head soothingly. “You fell, darling. Try not to move while we examine you.” I felt like saying, I’m not a wounded animal, but at the same time, I wanted to snap at them like one.
A harsh voice barked, “Don’t bother, she can’t hear you. She’s not even registering that we are here.”
On closer inspection, I could see the kind, younger woman wore a flesh-colored facemask over her mouth and nose. This seemed important but important kept dissolving in front of me. I was trying to reach above the fog, trying to hold my breath and climb past it. Silver pipe, shower head.
A bloody taste developed in my mouth, filling it with metallic-flavored saliva. I felt dizzy. I leaned over the side of the bed, the room tipping and tilting, and vomited on the floor. The two women jumped back in unison. The tall man raised his eyebrows, displeased. He wasn’t fast enough. He had vomit on his shoes and halfway up his pants.
He looked down at his shoes and frowned. “Keep an eye on her and make sure she keeps her food down over the next day or so,” he muttered to the women and hurriedly exited the room, his pants making a wet, flapping sound as he walked.
I watched him go, struggling to remember why he had left so quickly. My brain was still foggy but the vomit cleared my head a little. Vomit, right. I pressed my fingers to my mouth, trying to suppress a smile. I had the feeling I shouldn’t smile or even show any emotion to these strange people.
After the younger woman had cleaned up my mess, she placed a tray in front of me and left. I held the large, paper cup in both hands and twisted it around, inspecting it. Carefully, I took a small sip. The milkshake inside tasted very familiar. I opened the lid and peered inside; it was grey and sludgy, the consistency of wet cement. The food looked more normal, some meat, cooked to death, mashed potatoes and peas. The food didn’t taste exactly right. It tasted more like the milkshake than mashed potatoes, and the meat taste like charred wood, but I found that I was starving. I ate a little, drank a little, very slowly. Thinking over what I thought I had worked out. 
This fog I was lost in was something they were doing to me. The masks meant it could be something inhaled. 
“Whoosh!” I instinctively pulled the bedclothes over my face, trying to block out the invisible poison. A silver pipe pushed up into my memory. Had I seen something or heard something? I wasn’t sure but the picture in my head was clear, a silver pipe. I pulled myself over and out of the bed, realizing for the first time that I was attached to several lines and monitors. Still holding a sheet over my face, I clambered towards the wall under my bed, the shiny grey floor reflecting my face as I crawled along. I looked thin, well, thinner. My odd eyes popped out of my head, framed by purple circles. When did my hair get so long? I ducked under the metal bed and there it was, a silver pipe and a tiny showerhead attached to it. As quickly as I could, I shoved the sheet over the opening, hearing a muffled ‘whoosh’ as I sat back on my knees. 
I wrung my hands together, thinking. I couldn’t leave the sheet there. They would work it out and I wasn’t sure what I was going to do yet. I needed them to think nothing had changed. I needed to find something else to seal the opening to that pipe. My eyes searched the room, really seeing it for the first time. There was nothing I could use. It was so bare. Four painted walls, a sink, a door leading to a bathroom, and shiny grey tiles climbing halfway up the wall. There were some things I recognized, items from my room. The small details were there, but enough was changed that it now felt very wrong. 
I stood up too quickly, feeling very light-headed. I held myself up against the side of the bed and took it in. It was bizarre. A lot of the details were actually painted onto the walls. My dresser with the few ornaments I possessed—a bottle of perfume, a book. All two-dimensional representations of the real thing. How could I possibly have believed this was real? I pulled my fingers through my hair, snagging them on all the knots. The looming question that was now flashing in my brain like a broken streetlight was—how long had I believed this was real? 
The perfume bottle that used to sit on my dresser in my bedroom looked so real, the green faceted glass glinted in some nonexistent sunlight. I reached out to touch it, feeling only cold, hard wall. The bottle was now reflected on my hand. I removed it sharply, like the image would somehow stain my skin, but of course it returned to the wall. I searched the ceiling and located a little camera or, I guess, projector, streaming light over this one wall. It was a photo from one corner of my bedroom at home.
I thought of the perfume bottle. It had never moved from that position, the whole time I lived in that house. It was empty, had always been empty. It was a gift my father had given my mother. When he left, she threw everything away, except that. She gave it to me one night before Paulo had come home from work, placing it carefully on my dresser. She didn’t say anything except, “Here, I don’t want this anymore,” and stole out of the room like a thief. Thinking about Mother was strange, almost new, like I was reinventing a long-lost memory, colors and shapes swirling, mixing together in confusion. Her face faded in and out as an unseen force pushed her away from me.
Scanning the room again, I realized there was one real thing on the wheeled table across my bed. The food. I scooped up some mashed potato in my fingers and crawled underneath the bed again. Dragging machines with me, their wheels squeaking and whistling painfully, I edged closer to my target. Carefully, I unscrewed the head of the pipe and shoved the potato into it, placing the showerhead back over the top. I rolled back on my heels and sighed. No more whooshing.



As my head cleared, memories assaulted me one by one. Joseph, warmth and love that turned twisted and hard, Rash and the boys, something to live for, a purpose, and a new family. It hurt so much. It was a real, physical pain. I breathed long and slow, trying to calm myself. I made a decision. At this moment, in this already overwhelming and frightening situation, I would push it down. I couldn’t acknowledge this pain, this loss, not without falling apart. It would have to wait.
It would have to wait because that morning one thing became very apparent and, all of a sudden, glaringly obvious. I stared down at my round belly and sighed thinly with absolute exhaustion. I was pregnant, probably about four or five months. Looking back over the foggy days, it made a lot more sense. How starving-hungry I was, how uncoordinated and unbalanced I felt, and the way I was being treated by the staff. What I couldn’t understand or remember was how I came to be this way.



I’d tried to hide it the first time I remembered being taken to the exercise yard, but I couldn’t help a sharp suck of breath in shock. It was difficult not to reel backwards, turn to the door, and run. There, padding their socked feet over the fake grass, the projected trees not swaying in the wind, the birds frozen on the branches, were at least a hundred girls walking around the yard. All at different stages, but most were quite obviously pregnant. They were all being ushered into different circuits that were roped off with nylon tape and were mindlessly walking through them. They would bang into each other occasionally, unaware of their swollen stomachs bouncing into each other’s backs. There was no sound apart from the soft swishing of padded feet on the fake grass. I looked up at the bright blue sky decorated with puffy white clouds projected on the ceiling and wished it were real. This was nightmarish.
The kinder blonde woman, whom I’d learned was named Apella, guided me to an opening in the chattel and gently pushed me through. I walked with my eyes set on the ground, trying not to attract any attention. I felt like a spy—the only one aware of what had happened to us.



After a week of the same routine, I realized Apella was always putting me behind the same girl in the yard. She had short, black springy hair and a downcast posture. Her hands looked raw, like she had been nervously scratching them. Once she tripped and I heard her whisper, “Whoops”. No one ever spoke in these lines—no one really noticed they were in a line. 
I watched her carefully. She always kept her head down, but every now and then I saw her head dash from side to side, taking in the surroundings as I had been doing. Counting the number of guards, ten, looking at the exits, only one. The other thing I noticed was she would occasionally rub her belly. It didn’t appear to be by accident, it was affectionately, comfortingly. I decided she must be at least slightly aware, as I was, and decided I had to speak with her. 



Back in my room, I tried to think of some way I could make this happen and came up with nothing. I could bang into her in the yard, but with the total silence how could I speak without being noticed? I could give her a note, but I had nothing to write with and no paper. It seemed hopeless—whatever was going to happen would happen. I had no control. I pushed the wheeled table away from me in frustration, quickly retrieving it, hoping no one had heard the noise. That was the first night I spent crying myself to sleep. I lost count of how many nights I let myself be this way. I was a pathetic creature with no hope and no faith. 
Then I felt it. At night, after much sobbing, it moved inside me. A tiny kick, a snare on the inside of me. I felt ill. Poisoned. It had moved into my body without permission, without me knowing. I wished I could cut it out, be rid of it. Whatever this thing was, I didn’t want it. I wanted my life back. I resented sharing my body with this parasite. I resolved I would hold out long enough to get it out. I would find a way to be me again. 



The days started to blur. I got bigger and bigger. The routine never changed. The girl in front of me never turned around and I never spoke to her. I felt lost and so very alone. I decided I should make a run for it, but I didn’t even know where we were or how far underground. 
Then one day it was not Apella that led me to exercise, it was some other woman. A much older, less gentle woman, who shoved me into the line with her cracked, weathered hands, scratched and gnarled like a tree branch. I was nowhere near the springy-haired girl. I scraped my feet along the fake grass for forty-five minutes or an hour, I don’t know how long, and then tree lady pulled me out of the line and shoved me back to my room.
I walked through the doors and thought she must have led me to the wrong room. It was completely different. The woman roughly led me to my bed and sat me down, chucking my legs up and raising the rail, like she was handling a sack of grain. I tried not to look around too much, but it was difficult. When she left, I let my eyes wander over the new pictures. The photos had been changed, a lot. On one side was a condensed version of my room. On the other side was a different scene. It was darker and dirtier than my side, but it had more ornaments. All handmade. Exquisite little dolls made of sticks and colorful cloth, sitting on dark, wooden shelves amongst glass jars full of buttons, ribbons, and shards of glass. I couldn’t help myself. I had to look closer. I left my bed and approached. Thankfully, a few days after the falling ‘incident’, they had disconnected me from the machines so I was free to move around my room. Each doll had its own personality. I reached out to touch them, my hands shaky. They looked so real. One little doll had dark, springy hair and beautiful, ebony skin. Her dress was detailed with tiny glass shards, each sewn on in a swirly pattern like the dance of a wind that had blown past a tree and picked up all the leaves. I sighed. I missed the trees. The silky purple color of her dress was deep and foreign. We didn’t have such colors in Pau. The face of the doll was painted on in such detail. The kindness of her face was unmistakable. Whoever made these was very talented. A lot of love had gone into these toys. I stepped back, feeling like I was intruding into someone’s very personal sanctuary. I heard the door creaking and quickly climbed back into the bed, to resume staring at the wall, when they wheeled her in. 
I was to share a room. The girl’s stomach was much bigger than mine—perhaps she only had a few weeks left. I had memorized the back of her head so well that it was strange to see her face. It was not at all what I had pictured. I imagined a strong face, the face of someone older and wiser than me. Someone who could help me. What greeted me was the face of a child. She couldn’t be more than fourteen. She was beautiful: smooth, perfect ebony skin, and kind, dark eyes that looked completely unlike mine. They were full of hope—this was not the face of someone who had given up. She looked almost happy. Her face mirrored the doll’s, only younger. 
I heard the staff talking to each other. “I don’t know what they are thinking, ordering more. We are crowded here as it is,” one woman said. 
“I know, now there is only one of us to ten of them. I don’t know how we are going to manage it,” someone whined. 
“And with the exercises and the room changes, I’ve barely slept in days.”
“A happy mother equals a healthy baby. Right?” I heard laughing.
“Well, what choice do we have? What Este wants, Este gets,” the other voice replied in a sigh.
Este. That meant we were probably near Bagassa. Superior Este had a reputation as a formidable woman, harsh and brilliant. Her assignment was the Sciences. We were part of one her experiments. I wondered what this girl had done to end up here. I knew what my crime was.
I could hear them complaining as they walked down the hall, until they passed someone who shushed them. Then the woman with the harsh voice stormed into the room. Apella was right behind her. 
“Apella, can you connect, er, um...” She lifted the young girl’s arm up to a portable scanning device, which responded in its monotone, “Clara Winterbell.”
“Err, Clara, yes, can you connect Clara to the monitors and organize her dinner?” She crinkled her face, her straight, grey hair looking messy. Bits of it had fallen out of her tight bun and were floating wispily in front of her eyes.
Harsh Voice seemed stressed and distracted. She wiped her forehead, attempting to push back the stray hairs. Every other time I had seen her, she was businesslike, efficient and disconnected. Whatever had happened, she was obviously frazzled by it. Apella, on the other hand, who was normally nervous by comparison, was calm and seemed almost pleased. She hooked Clara up to the various machines and monitors, tucked the dopey girl into bed, and walked out. As she passed through the door, she turned and I think she smiled at us. The door shut and we were alone. 
Clara sat staring at the wall for a while. Then her hand lifted to the shelves projected onto her side of the room and caressed the doll I had been looking at. I could tell this doll meant a great deal to her. I could also tell, for certain, that she was not under the fog, as her face was running through a myriad of emotions. I couldn’t tell if she was happy or sad. 
“This is my mother,” she whispered as she turned her head, only slightly, in my direction, her eyes still on the wall. “We have been apart a long time.” Her movements seemed very careful as she turned to face me. Her face was hard with resolve as she said, “I am going to see her again, and you will see your family again, Rosa Bianca.”
A small spark of hope ignited inside of me. Maybe this girl knew something I didn’t. “How do you know my name?” I asked, trying hard not to lose my cool. Trying to whisper and keep calm so the staff didn’t notice our talking. 
“Apella told me,” she said nonchalantly. 
“What else did she tell you? I asked.
“That I could trust you,” she smiled, “that we would be friends.” She patted her belly. The look on her face was so ridiculous, given our situation. She looked relaxed, like we’d just met at the grocery store. Not like a trapped, pregnant girl who had been drugged and god knows what else. 
“Yeah, sure,” I said, rolling my eyes. “We can be friends.” Friends, a rather pointless thing to have in our current condition. Allies maybe. I wondered why Apella had spoken to her. Why she had pushed us together was also a mystery to me. So was Clara’s odd demeanor. Was she crazy?
“So you worked out the gas—how long did it take you?” she asked.
“It must be about three weeks ago.” 
“Oh,” she said as she looked down at her belly again. “I have been awake for a lot longer than that, maybe about four months, though time is hard to measure here, isn’t it?” she said, giggling. I felt sorry for her. Perhaps she had been driven crazy from being down here so long, with no one to talk to. I wanted to reach over and pat her head. 
I tried to keep the sarcasm out of my voice when I replied, “Yeah I guess. So how old are you, Clara?”
“Seventeen.”
I guess the surprise on my face was quite evident.
“Yeah, I get that a lot. I’m just petite. Well, that’s what my mother always used to say. I’m tiny but mighty!” She held her tiny, thin arms up as if showing off her muscles. 
I laughed. She was as cute as a button. There was something about her that I couldn’t resist. She was unhateable. Likeable. Where I was suspicious and guarded, she was warm and honest. We talked for quite a while. I asked her loads of questions. She asked me some but eased off when she worked out she was only getting one-word answers. She seemed happy to share her past with me, and it was better than staring at the wall. She talked of her love for her family. About her deep respect and admiration for her hard-working father, who worked on a large farm fixing machinery and her devotion to her mother, who taught her how to make her dolls. She explained that her mother used to make toys for the Superiors’ children. When she asked about my family I kept it brief and, sensing my reluctance, she never pushed me. 



Clara talked incessantly about her home. “Palma, Ring Five!” she exclaimed, holding her hand up in mock salute. She went on to describe her home, her tiny little head nodding up and down as if attached to a spring, as she spoke. Her full, dark lips talking so fast it was hard to keep up. Palma sounded identical in size and shape to Pau Brasil but the people were different. My town was consumed with fear, where everyone watched their every move and tried so hard not to draw any attention to themselves. Palma was ruled by their love for each other. They poured themselves into creative work. They had art and stories not written in the standard, supplied history books. They even had people that made and played instruments. I was shocked. I thought all the towns were the same. That we were all in the same immovable boat, entrenched in thick, binding mud we could never pull ourselves out of. These people sounded crazy or brave, I wasn’t sure. I was shocked and so very jealous. So very jealous, until I heard how the people of Palma suffered. 
“How can you do things like that? I mean, how can you get away with it, without being punished?” I asked eagerly.
She scrunched up her thin, pointed nose, “Oh, we’ve been punished.” She shook her head, recalling. “Once I saw I woman beaten to death in the street for not surrendering a simple wood pipe.” 
I looked at her, puzzled. “You mean, for smoking?”
She shook her head, smiling, “No, an instrument. You blow on it to make music.” She showed me the Y shape of it by drawing it in the air and then held the invisible pipe to her lips and blew. I nodded and pretended I knew what she was talking about. What was music? “This woman fought with a policeman. The pipe had been given to her by her son, who had just left for the Classes a month earlier. She knew she would never see him again and this was all she had to remind her of him. I remember her holding onto it so tightly as the policeman tried to twist it from her fingers. They kicked her and kicked her until there was nothing left, wrenching it from her dead hands and throwing it in the bin. Others tried to intervene and they were arrested. They just disappeared. We have lost hundreds of lives trying to protect what we love.” 
I recalled the heartless couple, wincing as I remembered all that blood. 
I felt relieved, as stupid as it sounds, that at least one thing remained the same. They still took the children to the Classes. This, we all had in common. Still, I was quite shaken by this revelation. The people of Pau Brasil had removed their feelings. Parents were merely caretakers. I mean, I understood the reasoning behind it. What was the point of loving someone so much for eighteen years who was going to be taken away from you? I loved my mother and she loved me, but it was understood that this was always going to be temporary. So we kept each other at a distance. She’d had to say goodbye to her parents all those years ago, when she went to the Classes, and we had known my time was coming. It was foolish to care that much—it served no purpose. The way Clara’s people functioned made no sense to me. The love that she felt for her parents, her friends, what she called her ‘community’ was self-destructive in my mind. I didn’t understand it. Nor did I understand her love for that thing inside her. I didn’t get it but my heart longed for it. I had lost so much because of caring about things. I touched my stomach very gently. I wasn’t sure my heart could ever love that way again.
A woman arrived with dinner and we returned to our drone-like state. Clara was a pro at looking dazed and dopey. But she was still so cheeky, taking risks I never would. When the woman’s back was turned, she poked out her tongue. We ate in silence, waiting until the woman returned to take our plates. She checked our milkshake cups to make sure they were empty and left. 
Lights out.
“Do you know what’s in those milkshakes?” I whispered in the dark. But Clara was already asleep. I could hear her soft breathing and restless movements as I tried to sleep myself. That quiet sound of air escaping her lips was the best sound in the world to me. It felt good not to be alone anymore. I excitedly made a note of all the questions I needed to ask her in the morning, knowing I would probably forget most of them.



Clara was getting more sleepy and sluggish every day. She waddled around during our exercise as best she could, but she struggled to keep up. I had noticed that other women, who looked like Clara, were disappearing from the lines. One day they were there, straining under the weight of their giant, bulging stomachs. The next day they were gone. They didn’t return. There were always new girls to take their place, though. We all wound our way through the roped-off courses like a deformed caterpillar. The line of girls compressing and expanding when one bumped into another. 
Despite her exhaustion, Clara continued to radiate that aura of faith. I don’t know what she was hoping for, what gave her any hope at all. I knew for certain, she wasn’t going to get it. She was too sweet and trusting. I didn’t want to break the bubble that she had surrounded herself with. The one that let her believe she had any claim on the child she was carrying. Well, that’s not exactly true, sometimes I did. Sometimes, I wanted to take a giant, gleaming pin and pierce it, watch it explode, covering her in the dripping truth. I wanted to make her see the world the way it really was, cruel, unfair, and devoid of hope. But, knowing her, it would only strengthen her resolve.



One day they took me to exercise and left Clara alone in her room. I couldn’t help but turn my head in worry as I left her. If they had taken her out of exercise, soon they would be taking her from me. Selfishly, I was concerned about being on my own. 
When I returned, I relaxed in relief to see her still sitting in her bed, eyes on the wall. She winked at me, as my attendant roughly ‘helped’ me onto my bed. This one was old and huge, her uniform barely stopping bits and pieces of her from billowing out. The staff kept changing now. When the large woman left, Clara started rubbing her belly again, a habit that disgusted me.
“You know they won’t let you keep that thing, right?” I spat. She seemed so naive sometimes. Or caught up in her own world and I felt the cruel need to dent it, since I couldn’t join her there. She couldn’t be as strong as she seemed.
“I know,” she said and, for a moment, a small crack opened in her positive armor. But then that light appeared from within, and she beamed at me. “I’ve thought of a name.”
I pursed my lips. A name? That was insane! I couldn’t comprehend her love for this child. I couldn’t stand it. Why name it? I knew the name I would give mine. Leech. This thing that had intruded into my body was as unwelcome as it was detested.
She ignored my incredulous look. “Hessa after my father, if it’s a boy. Rosa if it’s a girl.”
“Don’t name that thing after me,” I snapped. I turned and looked at the wall. I felt wretched and angry. Most of the time I felt like Clara was crazy, that she floated around on a cloud that I couldn’t puncture or dissipate despite my attempts. Other times, she made me feel deficient, like there was something wrong with me for not feeling affection for this thing I was carrying.
She snapped back at me, her face seeming older, worn. She slammed her fist down on her thigh. “I know you don’t understand it, Rosa, but I love this baby. I am her mother. That is a strong bond. My love is MY choice, don’t ruin it.” Her voice ran out at the end of her sentence and she started to pant, struggling to catch her breath. Each word seemed harder and harder to expel, like she was pushing them out and they were backing up in her throat.
I was taken aback, my body stiffening from the short attack. Over the last few weeks, I had snapped at her many times, mocked her even. But she had always been this impenetrable source of hope, a light shining from inside her. She never stooped to my level, no matter how much I pushed her. I felt terrible for upsetting her, but for me, I didn’t feel anything other than the need to escape this nightmare. I was about to open my mouth and say something else rude when she screamed—a scream that tore through me, rumbling and echoing throughout the room and into the hall. Something was not right. Panic penetrated me, and something else, guilt. I prayed it was not my taunting that had brought her here.
“Rosa, something’s wrong, something’s wrong,” she said in short, expelled bursts like hiccups. “Ahhhh!” She was holding her stomach and retching. She was in so much pain I could almost feel it myself. Beads of sweat crowned her forehead, her hands searching for something to hold onto. Her face was contorted into a grimace that didn’t sit well on her usually serene face. I was about to jump up when I saw the doors swing open. 
The white coats were swarming around her. Completely ignoring my presence. Clara turned towards me, her eyes wide with fear and adrenalin. 
Harsh Voice appeared, looking displeased but not panicked, and said, “This is not right, she’s only thirty-six weeks. It won’t do, we haven’t prepared her yet. Take her to theatre five. I’ll meet you there.” She adeptly unhooked Clara from her various machines and ripped a sheet of paper from the frantic, scribbling machine they’d wrapped around her stomach. As she studied it, the other people wheeled her out of the room. Clara screamed again. “Do something about the noise,” Harsh Voice called after them. Mid-scream there was silence. She stormed after them.
I felt pure terror. For my friend and for myself. The pain she was in seemed unnatural. She looked sick. Was she sick or was this normal? What were they going to do with her? What did they mean when they said she wasn’t ‘prepared’ yet? I held the edge of the sheets tightly in my balled-up fists, as if I could pull them over my head and shut the horror out. Clara, I prayed, please, please, please, be ok. 
I felt a hand touch my own. I snapped my head around wildly. I hadn’t noticed that Apella had stayed behind. She stepped back a little and said, “It’s ok, Rosa. They won’t hurt her, she’s too important.” This was the first time Apella had spoken to me and I knew she was taking a big risk talking to me now.
“What will they do?” I asked, the pitch of my voice escalating, feeling desperate and unhinged with every passing second that I didn’t know where Clara was. 
“I don’t know.” Apella looked at her feet. She looked to be close to my mother’s age. Her neat, blonde hair swung at her shoulders as she stared down at the ground, avoiding my gaze. She seemed to be bracing herself for a tirade. But I wasn’t angry. She wasn’t the culprit. Like me, like Clara, she was probably here against her will, recruited after the Classes and brought to this place. She had already risked too much for us.
A man popped his head in the doorway. Apella quickly withdrew her hand. If he saw it, he overlooked it.
“Semmez is asking for you.” 
“Ok. I’m coming.” Apella left the room, her timid footsteps barely seeming to touch the floor as she padded quietly away.
So that was Harsh Voice’s name. I think I preferred Harsh Voice to Semmez.



For two days I waited. Apella never came to check on me and I didn’t hear what had happened to Clara. I hoped Apella hadn’t been reported or discovered. Clara must have gone into labor that morning. Had she delivered the baby? What would they do with her after it was out? I started to think about the possibilities and shut myself down. These people were capable of horrible deeds. Clara could be, no. I wasn’t even going to think it. 
I felt the fog rising but it was a fog of my own making, a cloud of fear and hopelessness, blanketing my brain. The problem was there was too much time to think. I kept staring over at her side of the room. I was like one of her dolls, a perfect facade on the outside, wooden and dead on the inside. I wondered how Clara was feeling, if she was even alive. If they had taken the baby away from her, what grief she must be feeling right now. Her spirit seemed so tied to that thing. It nourished her in this hell of a place. Without it, I wondered what would be left of the girl I had come to love. 
At night, I felt the leech writhing inside me. I came to think of it as a monster. I dreamed it was tearing its way out of me. Claws scratching at my skin, pulling me apart as I screamed in pain. I woke up in the middle of the night with someone’s hand over my mouth, a hand that smelled vaguely of earth and smashed herbs. “Shhh!” the dark figure whispered. “You can’t be dreaming in here. The others don’t dream.” I nodded my head and he removed his hand. “Who are you?” I whispered into the dark, but he was already gone.
The next morning, they wheeled her in. She was alive, drugged up to her eyeballs, but definitely alive and still very, very pregnant.
I waited eagerly for the people in white to leave so I could ask her what had happened and it seemed like forever. They were fussing over every detail, making sure everything was in order. They brought me my dinner but brought her nothing. It was then that I noticed the new tube coming out of her arm. One woman disconnected the tube and syringed a yellow-tinted liquid into it. I watched it track up the tube and into my friend. She looked so tiny, so weak lying on that bed, her head propped up with a boulder sitting on top of her, her eyes closed. Maybe that’s what they did, drugged her to stop the labor. I had heard that was possible. We didn’t have those kinds of facilities in Pau. Anyone who had the misfortune of going into labor early was generally in big trouble. The baby usually died. 
Once everyone had left the room, I tried to wake her, to no effect. She was heavily drugged, and would only open her eyes for a second before falling back asleep. Her dark lids fluttering and closing like they were a leaden weight, too heavy to lift. I decided to let her rest and try and talk to her tonight, at lights out. 
The day went by uneventfully. Although, again, the white coats looked more stressed than they had been before. They looked tired. Tired and unhappy. 
When I got back from exercise, Clara was sitting up but there were people all around her again. I was led back to my bed and given dinner. Inside I was bursting to jump up and talk to Clara. I wanted to shake her awake and pepper her with questions. But I had to wait, eat my dinner slowly, and wait for the last check before bed. Looking calm and dopey on the outside but buzzing on the inside. I did what was required, and thought it was safe, until someone came in again and injected more liquid into Clara’s tube. I was very worried this was more mind-altering drugs, like the gas. Clara seemed so dopey, her head lolling from side to side listlessly. She barely looked in my direction. 
Lights out.
Clara’s voice was crackly as she spoke, “I know what you’re going to ask me but I didn’t see very much.” I couldn’t see her face very well but it sounded like it was an effort to speak.
I wasn’t going to ask her that, well, not at first anyway. I held my tongue from saying anything defensive and asked, “How are you feeling?”
She laughed. “Oh, wonderful,” she said with unfamiliar sarcasm. “At least the baby is safe.”
Luckily, she couldn’t see me rolling my eyes in the dark. “Yeah, there’s that I guess. I’m glad you’re safe, Clara.” I gulped and said the words that would give me away, “I was really worried about you. What happened?”
“I don’t really know,” she whispered. “All I remember was that horrible pain and then being rushed out of here. They took me up, Rosa. There were real windows, a real sky, not just pictures of the real thing. I don’t think we are that far underground. We got in an elevator and the numbers read B6 to Ground. They covered my mouth to stop me from screaming and then jabbed me when I got to the top. When I woke up, the pain was gone and the baby was fine.”
I absorbed this new information. Critical information. If we were only six levels underground maybe there was a way to get out. If there were elevators maybe there were stairs, maybe… my mind was running away with the idea of escape.
“What else? Anything else you can tell me?” I said urgently. I think she sensed my desperate tone when she replied.
“Calm down. There was something else.”
“What?” I was barely keeping my nerves contained. I felt like I was jumping out of my skin.
“There were other girls up there. Most were pretty dopey. But there were two that were out of control, screaming and carrying on. One of them yelled ‘how could you do this to me?’ The other one was just crying hysterically. She was so scared. I wanted to run to her and hold her. Rosa, I think they were the girls that moved into my old room. Someone said that these were the crazy ones from room 112. That was my room.”
I felt a shiver of dread run through me. I wasn’t sure I could even ask her the next question. 
“What happened to them?” I could hear Clara sniffing. She was crying, a choked, crackly sound. 
“I heard two of the people in white talking while they were cleaning my room. Something about a waste.” She hesitated and took a breath before imitating the conversation she had heard, “What a perfect waste of time and money, a waste of two perfectly viable fetuses and two good breeders.”
I could hear her wiping her face with her arm as she uttered, “I think they killed them. No, I’m sure they’re dead.” For the first time, she sounded as hopeless as I felt. 
I felt the need to protect her, to preserve that shining light. “Maybe they didn’t, Clara. Maybe they just moved them to another place. Gave them another purpose.”
“Maybe,” she said breathlessly, but I don’t think she really believed me. I didn’t believe it myself. If life in Pau Brasil had taught me anything, it was that the Superiors were not merciful. 
“You need to sleep. Shut your eyes and we’ll work it out in the morning,” I said, trying, unsuccessfully, to sound soothing. Trying really hard not to sound petrified. Because I was. If the girls were from Clara’s room, it wouldn’t be long before the white coats worked out what we’d done. And once they did, acting dopey wasn’t going to save us. I was sure they would be coming for us soon.



I woke up coughing, tears filling my stinging, itchy eyes. Clara was coughing too. The lights were still off, but as I watched, strips of light started illuminating the floor like miniature airstrips. It felt like my lungs were on fire. It wasn’t like smoke from a fire. It was odorless but leaving a bitter taste in my mouth when I exhaled. I couldn’t see where it was coming from and it was filling the room fast. I thought—this is it. They have finally worked out that we are aware. They were going to gas us to death. I fumbled around, trying to disconnect the leads to my machines and monitors they had reattached to me after Clara’s episode. I quickly gave up and just rolled to the floor, feeling the machines towing along behind me. A convoy of sounds—metal crashing against metal, emergency beeps and blips. 
I could breathe a little better, down on the cold, linoleum floor. I called to Clara, my voice raspy and hoarse, “Clara get down on the floor.” I could vaguely see the shadow of her awkward form climbing carefully out of bed as the photo wall flickered images I’d never seen before, a window with grey wool curtains, a desk with a photo frame on it, stacks of Woodland textbooks dog-eared lying in the corner. An old wooden chair projected over Clara’s back as she used the wall to support herself as she got down on the floor. I cursed her careful movement and wished she would move faster. 
We started crawling towards the door, an oppressive cloud of smoke hovering just over our heads. The machines started disconnecting and setting off alarms. Ignoring them, I stood up and went for the door handle. I lost my balance and slipped in some kind of liquid. What was it? It was slimy and thick. “Clara, are you ok?” It felt like blood. I shuddered involuntarily. “Are you…bleeding?” 
“No‚” she responded quickly. “I think it was my bag of fluids.” Relieved, I reached for the handle. I was about to open the door when it slammed into me from the outside and knocked me to the floor. Someone strong picked me up under my arms, dragged me out the door, and then went back for Clara. 
What I saw in the poorly lit hall was absolute chaos. 
It was a war zone: girls coughing and screaming. Disoriented and frightened. The white coats were trying to get them into a line, but they kept wandering off, banging into walls, into each other. Each of them lost in their own foggy panic. Clara and I were pushed towards a wall that had a long bar running along its length. We held onto it and followed the strips of light. It stayed dark as we walked in line, collecting more confused, coughing girls as we went. Whatever this smoke was it had infiltrated the entire place. Some of the staff were wearing masks, but I could still hear them coughing. They pushed us through doors and upstairs, through another door, up some more stairs until I started to lose count. 
Finally the darkness lifted; I could see Clara in front of me. I put my hand on her shoulder, determined not to lose her in the crowd. Now that I could see better, it was apparent the gas was a curious, dark purple. I held my breath for a minute but buckled quickly, watching the gas move into my mouth as I breathed in and seeing it, as it came out, like it was almost solid. Clara’s breath was the same. Other girls were mesmerized by the same phenomenon, but when they breathed out the smoke was tinted pink. 
We walked passed a window. A real window. Clara was right. We weren’t that far underground. Sunlight was streaming through it like an invitation. We were on the surface. One of the people in white went to the window and tried to open it. He heaved and strained, his face showing his panic and exertion, but it didn’t move. “It’s no good, it’s sealed‚” he said to the one that had a hold of my arm. “We’ll have to take them outside.” 
I felt the grip on my arm tighten as I was strongly guided to two large, locked, security doors. One of them typed in a key code and spoke into a microphone while the other one pushed his fingertip into a jelly-like substance. There was a sharp beep and then a voice said, “Prints incomplete”.
“You’re too sweaty,” one of them said in frustration, girls squashing him up against the wall. “Wipe your hand and try again.” I could see the purple cloud thickening around us. Bubbling and pushing into the corners. Some of the girls were on the floor, survival instincts telling them they could breathe better down there. The coughing was deafeningly loud. The room kept filling with girls as more and more of them came up from below. Just when you thought no more would fit, more would come, and you were forced to compress yourself further.
“Verification complete,” the computer voice said and the doors swung open. The men repeated the process again, at the second set of doors, swapping who used their fingerprints and who used their voice as verification. The second set of doors swung open but the first set of doors we had walked through was trying to close, banging against hapless girls. Continuously knocking them over, as they were carried through on a wave of bodies. I saw one of the white coats take off his shoes and shove them under one of the doors, jamming it, so the girls could get through. It creaked and groaned as it tried to pull back to closing.
I stumbled into the outside world, turning around to see purple smoke billowing out the doors and into the sky. Fighting its way into the air, like a hundred purple worms, intertwining, squirming, and pushing out in different directions. Girls were spilling out, some crawling, some being dragged, some kicked along by impatient white coats. There were hundreds of them, they just kept coming and coming. 
I looked down at my feet, registering the squelchy, wet feeling between my bare toes. I inhaled deeply, enjoying my first taste of the sweet, fresh air. Delicious. Scanning the area, I could see we were in the Wilderness. From where I was standing, all that pointed to the immense dwelling below was a grassy mound with doors in it and a few windows puncturing the sides of the hill. The clearing we were pouring out into was only as big as my old school courtyard and soon, it was completely packed with coughing, panicking girls. 
Heels of hands pushed us backwards, as far away from the doors as we could get, so we were right up against the rough, puzzle piece bark of towering trees. I was eased down onto a moss-covered log. The smells of damp, decomposing wood made my heart do little flips. Clara was right next to me and was guided to the ground as well but by pale, willowy arms. It was Apella. “Stay there,” she said, fanning her hands and then she disappeared into a sea of girls. We sat and watched, as all the girls were planted on the ground, some not very gently, by the extremely stressed people in white. 
For a moment, it was quiet. I heard birds off in the distance, a flutter, a foreign scampering sound of some unknown, forest-dwelling creature. We sat there for about an hour, pushing our toes into the mud, looking at the endless sky, the odd cough breaking the stillness. As I watched, little puffs of pink smoke were being exhaled by the girls. They floated up, carried by the breeze, dissipating into the atmosphere. 
Then it started, very slowly. At first.
It began with restlessness—girls moving, shaking their heads, and touching their stomachs. Then we heard a girl shout out, then another, and then soon there was an immense chorus of wailing girls. I realized then that the purple smoke was some kind of quick working antidote to the fog. Some of them were screaming, “What have you done to me?” Some were crying, some were calling out for help. One thing was clear—these girls had woken up. The drugs were wearing off. The people in white were exchanging glances, nervously. What they had said before was true. There was only one of them to ten girls. One man was bracing himself, his fists clenched, his chest puffed out, as if ready for a charging stampede. I saw one, with a face as white as her coat, drop her gear and run for the trees. Action was necessary but they all stalled. Then the decision was made for them, as girls started to stand and run. Some pushed through, parting the bodies like they were swimming through a fleshy sea. Some just ran right over the top of the others. Most of them were trying pull themselves out of the fog still, and they were the first ones that received the needle to the arm. 
It was pandemonium—girls dropping to the ground unconscious, girls fighting, girls screaming hysterically. One girl was louder than most, yelling, “It’s coming, it’s coming.” I stood up to help, but Clara was holding my arm, not allowing me to step forward. For someone so small, she seemed immensely strong, her iron grip making an imprint on my forearm. 
Soon the needles were too time-consuming and the bigger men started walking through the crowd, knocking girls out with large, rubber batons. Swiping and chocking them in the temples like they were knocking posts into the ground. There was blood and pain all around me. I felt my nerves about to fray and spark into a thousand tiny threads, each one pulling at me, hurting me—burying hundreds of shocking, violent images in my memory. 
A few girls who were not far along, their stomachs showing little or no bulge, turned on one of the men. He was hitting out at them desperately as they scrambled and scratched at his face, their eyes feral. They took him down and grabbed his satchel, needles falling to the sodden ground. One of the girls picked up a needle and plunged it into the man’s eye. Her reddish hair swung around her face as she whipped it from side to side quickly. She crouched over him like a deranged, wild creature protecting its prey. I have never heard a noise like that in all my life—a gurgling, strangled scream like a stuck animal. Just for good measure, the girl elbowed the man in the face, ceasing the screaming. She then sprung from her crouched position into a full sprint, her long legs carrying her gracefully to the edge of the woods and beyond. 
Then I was dragged into the play. A man, badly bleeding from his leg, was limping towards me. At first, thinking he needed help, I moved towards him, not noticing the baton in his hand until it was too late. He raised it above his head, his eyes showing no mercy. He was as delirious as those girls, caught up in the craziness. I put my arm over my head and shut my eyes. Not even thinking to run or fight back, just sitting there, an easy target. I heard the deadening thwack of wood against flesh and opened my eyes to see him fall to the ground. Clara stood above me with a blood-stained branch in her hand. 
“We have to go,” she said as she jerked me to my feet. Where she was pulling this strength from I’ll never know, but I followed her into the forest, leaving behind me a mess of panicked souls on both sides. To my left and right there were girls running, tripping, falling. Some were being chased. Someone must be chasing us, I thought. 
Clara kept charging through, never letting go of my hand, never looking back. I, on the other hand, was fervently looking backwards, forwards, and sideways, wondering how long it would be before someone caught up with us. Anticipating rough arms grabbing my shoulders and pulling me down. Suddenly Clara stopped dead and listened, her head cocked sideways like a wolf. 
“What are you doing?” I shivered as a breeze blew through my thin, cotton gown.
“Shh!” she said, pressing her tiny, dark finger to my lips.
I didn’t want to stop. I could barely hear the girls anymore. I didn’t want to think about why that was. I was hoping against hope that if we kept going, maybe we wouldn’t get caught, that we could escape this nightmare. I started tugging on Clara’s arm, figuring the horror had just hit her and she was temporarily incapacitated. 
“Get down,” she hissed. But it was too late. I felt the sting, and then warmth coursing through me, before I dropped to the ground.



I was getting quite tired of waking up like this. Being rendered unconscious and coming to in a strange state or a strange room. I knew they must have caught us or at least me. Maybe Clara had got away. I hoped so. I was captured, I was sure of it. I had that same groggy feeling I always had after being jabbed in the arm by the White Coats. 
I opened my eyes, fluttering them suspiciously, not really wanting to see the sickly glow of the ceiling of my underground room. But what greeted me was not the glowing fluorescent lights from the room Clara and I shared, but the night sky. A million twinkling stars, against a deep, dark black. I reached my hands out to touch it. Surely it was painted on. But my fingertips were only grasping at air.
“It’s real,” he said. That voice. Full of sadness. Kind and regretful. I hadn’t heard that voice in such a long time. I didn’t want to look. I must have been dreaming. It was not just unlikely, it was impossible that he could be here. I let myself dream a little longer and continued to stare at the sky. One side of me felt cold as ice. The other side, a little too warm. I looked to my left to see flames dancing in the half-light. I counted five other bodies lying by the fire. One tucked up in a sleeping bag, with an enormous mound of a stomach illuminated by the fire, masses of black, springy hair protruding from the head end of the bag. She had her back turned to me but it was Clara. Thank God she was all right. I swept my eyes in a circle above me, the sun was gone but I could still make out shapes of tall trees looming over the top of us. Pines. 
My stomach grumbled. I was starving. I pulled myself to sitting. 
“Are you hungry?” he said. That voice. I turned around, ready for the dream to disintegrate. His face was the same as it had always been. Still smiling, although he looked tired and perhaps a bit thinner. His hair was a little shorter, but it was him. I hadn’t imagined it.
He handed me a piece of bread and some dried meat without waiting for an answer. I had a million questions to ask him. But my stomach had other ideas. I grabbed the food and started devouring it. He waited patiently, hands collapsed casually over his knees, watching me polish the food off, licking my fingers. The leech kicked me and I moved uncomfortably, putting my hand to my stomach. 
Joseph’s eyes showed concern as he moved towards me just slightly. Concern and something else indiscernible. The fire casting orange light on his beautiful face, lighting his hair up like a crown of gold. Sadness swamped me. I must have looked so different to him, a swollen, pitiful teenager. Most of the time, I tried to pretend it wasn’t there, but with someone from my past staring at me, it was hard to ignore. 
I took a deep breath, the cool air stinging my lungs in a good way. The big question had to be asked. But I was scared of the answer. Joseph being here made no sense at all. I was never going to see him again and now he was sitting in front of me, looking worried, looking like he cared.
“What are you doing here?” I asked slowly. Wondering what possible answer he could give that would explain his presence here, my presence in the woods, the smoke, everything. What he said was beyond belief.
Casually, in his disarming manner, he said with a smile, “That’s my baby in there,” as he pointed to my stomach.
The bread stuck in my throat. I scrambled back, panicked, nearly putting my hands in the fire. “What?” I awkwardly heaved myself to my feet. “What are you talking about? That’s insane…but...that’s impossible.” I stumbled over my words, searching for one shred of sense in what Joseph had just said to me. Whatever happiness I felt at seeing him again was gone and replaced with suspicion. What did he want with me? Who were these other people? What new nightmare had I been dragged into?
I had roused the others with my yelling. Drowsy eyes stared at me across the fire. Clara was looking at me confused, still half asleep. Joseph was moving towards me, clearly worried, although I didn’t know if he was concerned for me or the thing inside me he thought was his. But he looked genuinely frightened, anguish showing on his face. Hands outstretched, flapping the air, he said, “Rosa, calm down, it’s ok, you’re safe now.”
I bent my knees, ready to run, “Don’t tell me to calm down, what you’re saying is ridiculous. What did you do to me? Are you one of them?” I heard my voice and it sounded crazy, like something had snapped inside my throat. I was shaking. I felt sick. I wanted to run, but I had nowhere to go. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a man with a needle in his hand approaching me. “Get back!” I screamed. This was not happening again. He kept inching closer. “Get back!” I screamed again. My voice was swallowed up in the darkness, no echo—it disappeared in the cold air. The man moved closer still. Joseph blocked him with his arm. 
“Get away from her, don’t touch her!” he shouted forcefully. 
I didn’t know what to do. A big part of me wanted to run to him. The other part of me wanted to hit him with a branch and run as fast as I could away from here. I didn’t feel like I could trust any of them. 
“I told you not to tell her that way,” the man with the needle said. “She’s not the same girl you remember. She’s probably traumatized.” I looked to Joseph, that pain on his face again, an agonized, tortured look; I had seen him make that face once before. The man took steps towards me, still carrying the needle, trying to distract me as he approached. “You see, he’s been looking for you for a long time now…he...” he was still holding that needle. I took one step towards him and punched him in the face, as hard as I could. It hurt my hand. He over-balanced and fell backwards, nearly landing on top of one of the other people. The needle bounced into the fire.
Joseph laughed. “See. I told you she had attitude!” he said as he leaned over to pull the man up to his feet. I realized then that he was not a man. He was a boy, no older than Joseph. Tall and thin, with dark black, spiky hair and a smooth, high-boned face. I was still standing, fists up, ready to knock out the next person who came near me, feeling like a cornered animal.
“Whoa, Rosa, it’s me, can’t you at least let me explain?” he pleaded. 
“Clara?” I looked to her for answers; she nodded, not saying a word. It was her way of saying, yes, let him talk. He held out his hand and I took it, eyeing him reproachfully. His eyes were hopeful. The moment our hands touched, memories jolted through me like electricity: His warm arms around me, hands touching as we lifted into the air, talking, smiling. Other memories appeared too, being deserted, having my heart broken. I dropped my hand.
“What can you possibly say that could explain any of this?” I gestured around me and back to my belly. I looked down to see I was back in my Class uniform, which now sat above my belly button, my cotton gown poking out from underneath the band like a curtain, hiding my disgraceful form. Someone dressed me. I was livid.
“Did someone dress me while I was asleep?” I asked, thinking, just give me an excuse and I’ll knock your lights out. My eyes were scanning the faces accusingly. 
Joseph’s face flushed red. Then he grinned. “Ha! I would have offered, but someone beat me to it!” 
I glared at all of them, hoping I could sear them in half with my vision. When no one confessed, I awkwardly tried to ease myself down onto a log. It was getting harder and harder to do even the simplest of things without the leech getting in the way. Joseph reached out to help me but I smacked his hand away. I felt like I needed a force field around me, no one touching me until I knew what they really wanted. Ungracefully, I levered my form to the ground and sat facing him.
Everyone was watching us. I noticed a familiar face in the group. Apella was there, and a man was sitting with her, his hand on her knee. She was leaning her head on his shoulder. Clara was leaning back on her elbows, looking as wistful as ever. Nothing ever seemed to get to her, at least, not the way it got to me. Then there was Joseph and his friend, who was nursing a cut on his left forearm courtesy of me knocking him over a rock. He didn’t seem too affected either. Joseph was the only one who looked concerned, no, more than concerned. He look genuinely in pain, his face flickered back and forth between relief and anguish. 
“So…?” I challenged, “Tell me! Tell me the truth.”
“What do you remember?” he asked.
“I remember working at the Classes, doing well in my class. I remember....” I touched my hand to my face. “Getting in trouble. Then waking up in a room, drugged and pregnant. Oh, and I remember your letter,” I replied.
“Oh. I guess it was too much to hope that had been erased from your memory. I’m sorry, Rosa, I thought it was the right thing to do. I wanted you to be happy and not hold onto something we could never have. I shouldn’t have done it, but by the time I had decided to tell you the truth, you had disappeared,” he confessed. I wanted it to be true, my whole being ached for it to be true, but there was so much unexplained. 
“You know, he never gave up. I tried to tell him it was no use but he risked everything to find you,” the boy with the needle interrupted. 
I glared at him. 
“Deshi, will you shut up!” Joseph sounded frustrated, his voice strained. Maybe he was hanging by the same thin thread of sanity that I was clinging to.
Deshi shut his mouth and kept it that way. 
“Well, working forward from what you remember, I can tell you what I know.” He took a deep breath and launched into the story. “You know I was accepted into Medical, right?” I nodded. I remembered seeing him hanging around outside the medical building with his white coat on, talking to other Uppers. “Well, Deshi and I and a few other kids were pulled into a specialist group, dealing specifically with infertility. It was all very secretive and we were required to supply a DNA sample at the start of every morning as a security clearance.” I recalled the two men in white pushing their fingers into the goo when they were trying to release the security doors. “We were being allowed access to all sorts of information but were told our lives were over if we told anyone what was going on. Apella here was one of our teachers.” I looked over at her. She smiled shyly. She seemed too lacking in confidence to be a teacher or a doctor. I had always assumed she was just a lackey in our situation. The deceptions were unfolding, like a tightly crumpled letter, each crease revealing a new unknown, scrawled part I thought I had read but now, no longer understood. 
Joseph spoke.
“Apella had developed a way to synthesize genetic material in order to artificially impregnate a woman. She was teaching us this process and getting us to synthesize our own DNA and other kids from the Classes. We were to collect samples from every male we could. Just a strand of hair was enough. Soon we had about three hundred samples. I wish I had known what they were planning, but I didn’t, I swear,” he said, clearly upset, clearly trying to purvey his own innocence.
“So you did this?” I aimed my accusation at Apella. “You’re responsible for what they did to me, to Clara?” I was disgusted with her. She was obviously brilliant but had no morals.
“You say it like I had a choice, Rosa,” she appealed.
“You always have a choice,” I said.
“Even if the choice is dying, or someone you love dying?” she said, looking to the man next to her.
“Yes.” I knew what I would do. I would never have done what she did.
“That’s what I love about you. You are nothing like anyone else in Pau, you do believe in a choice. You always do what you want and to hell with the consequences!” Joseph said. I was offended. I didn’t think that was true, but I would like to think that I would make the right choice, if I had to.
Apella looked devastated by my response. Clara shuffled over and patted her back. It made me sick that she would even touch her after what she had done to us. I felt like I had heard enough. But Joseph continued. 
“Shortly after the samples were created, we were told that they had been destroyed, that someone had left the fridge door open and they had all expired. We were moved onto another program and we were told Apella had taken a leave of absence.”
“Pretty stupid to believe that,” I snapped.
“I know,” he admitted, “but I swear we thought it was all for practice. We never dreamed that they were going to use them for anything.” 
I was starting to put it together myself, “And then I disappeared.” I felt cold. Worn down to a point, a speck. Was there ever any end to it?
“Yes.” He looked at the ground, tracing patterns in the dirt with a stick. “You disappeared; you stopped walking to the construction Class with your friends...” he stopped on that word, setting his mouth in a hard line, like it was difficult for him to say. “You weren’t exploring the Arboretum.” So he was watching me. “You were gone without a trace. Every day I snuck into the lab after hours and searched for any information that might lead me to you. Every day for about a month I would type your number in, or your name, but there was nothing.”
“It’s true!” Deshi chimed in. We both shot him a look.
“Then one day I typed in your number and all that came up was ‘matched’. That’s when Apella caught me. She found me sitting, staring at the computer. I had just about given up hope when she leaned over and typed in a password. There was your name Rosa Bianca matched Joseph Sulle. Apella explained it to me. Although I think she had to explain it about ten times. The Superiors had taken you and used my sample to create a baby. Our baby. She told me that they had taken her technology and were using it to begin a repopulation plan for the Woodlands. They would eliminate the need for families. They could control the genetic mix this way. So we were matched to create a particular genetic composition.” He sounded like a scientist, like one of them.
I yawned, stretching my arms. The leech kicked me and I jumped, instinctively touching my belly. Joseph looked at me longingly. “Did it…” he didn’t finish. “You’re tired. Maybe you should sleep and we can finish tomorrow.”
“No, keep going. I want to know how this fantastical story ends,” I said sarcastically.
He ignored me. “Apella asked for my help. She said she would help me find you, if I helped her and Alexei escape from their life also.” So that’s why she was helping us. To protect her love. My opinion of her lowered further.
“I’m sorry it took so long but we had to make sure the plan was perfect before we tried. There were so many things that could go wrong and we only had one shot at it. I’m sorry for…” he said, leaving it hanging.
This was a lot. It was too much. A wave of sadness for all that I had been through, for what I was yet to experience, crashed over me. What did I do now? The question was foolish and pressing. I was exhausted. All I said was, “So a computer chose us and now you’re here.” It was ridiculous, but then so was everything else. I laid my head down and cried, while the others stared into the fire, orange and yellow flames dancing in their eyes. For all my bravado and ‘attitude’, as Joseph put it, I was still a scared sixteen-year-old girl, pregnant and confused.
He moved closer and I let him. He gently put his hand on my head and stroked my hair until I drifted off to sleep.



I woke up feeling uncomfortable and cold. My back was sore and I was all twisted. Noises I had never heard before punctured the morning, birdcalls, fire crackling, and wind through the massive trees that surrounded us. I had imagined these sounds before, fantasized about how it would feel to be out in the forest, but hearing the real thing was a strange experience.
I turned to the sky, realizing that I was still sitting next to him. He had fallen asleep sitting up, his hand still in my hair. I lifted my head and his hand fell with a thud, startling him awake. 
“Morning,” he said croakily, stretching his neck. He locked eyes with me and I saw it. That look. Somewhere in the back of my memory I heard, ‘like you’re the only girl in the world’. I looked away. 
Everyone else was up. Clara, Alexei, and Apella were huddled together, examining a flimsy piece of colored paper. On the side that I could see was printed ‘Travel the Great Trans-Siberian Railway’. There was a picture of what looked like an antique train on the front, with the phrases, ‘trip of a lifetime’, and ‘family friendly’ written in yellow bubbles.
“What are you looking at?” I asked. Curiosity was getting the better of me, even though I really didn’t want to talk to Apella. 
“This is the map we are going to follow,” Apella said. 
“So this is your plan?” I said, hoping to God it wasn’t.
Apella patted Alexei’s arm lightly and turned to me. “Alexei used to work in the archives. He found a map in a folder marked ‘Pass Times’. When he noticed the railroad led all the way to Mongolia he, well we—” she gazed at him adoringly, “thought this would be the perfect plan.”
“And then what?” I said, folding my arms across my chest.
She avoided my eyes, looking to the side of my face. “When we find it, if we can make it to the mountains, we might find a safe place to hide over winter.” 
I laughed bitterly. It sounded ludicrous. No, suicidal.
Sensing my not-very-well-hidden skepticism, Alexei added, “We can find the railway tracks and then we can follow them. Since we can’t use the reader’s GPS for risk of being tracked, it is the best way forward.” It was the first time he had spoken and it didn’t help my impression of him. His voice was wobbly like he wasn’t used to speaking. He sounded unsure and defensive.
What could I say? I was their captive at this point so I went for an attack. “Yeah, well, if you two don’t stop gazing at each other like that, you’re all going to remember what I had for dinner last night,” I spat at them. They were disgusting. I was truly fighting to keep my stomach calm. Apella blushed lightly and Alexei looked at me like I was some breed of female he had never encountered before. What was the word for him? Genteel.
Joseph chuckled. “Well, let’s get some breakfast into you.” 
Deshi walked over and sat next to me. I shifted away from him a little. He just shrugged. He was holding a grey box. He opened a drawer, tapped a small pill from a jar he pulled from his pocket into the tray, and dripped some water into it from his flask. He replaced the tray and waited. A light on the top of the box turned from red to green. He pulled out the tray to reveal grey mush filled to the brim.
“Breakfast is served!” he said with a wink. 
“What the hell is that?” I asked, staring at the gelatinous glob wobbling in front of me.
“I made it,” Deshi said proudly, shaking the tray under my nose. “It’s a self-sufficient, rehydration…” he twisted his lips to the side, thinking, “thing-a-ma-jig.”
I raised my eyebrows. “Thing-a-ma-jig?” 
Deshi smiled unsurely. “The title’s a work in process. You probably recognise the grey substance from your milkshakes in the facility. It’s a high-protein, highly nutritious, synthetically manufactured food. It tastes like licking a glue stick but it will keep us alive.”
I shrugged. It was tasteless, but I ate it. It settled my stomach at least. 
When I had finished, I was ready to fire my questions. I wiped my mouth on my sleeve and said, “So the plan is to find this track and follow it, for god knows how long, and then what? Freeze to death on the edge of a mountainside?” We had been warned at school about the dangers of the outside—the harsh terrain and the bitterly cold winters.
“It’s not as stupid as it sounds, Rosa. They will be expecting us to follow the rivers or the animal tracks. This way, we may have a chance of avoiding capture.” Of course, I had forgotten that people would be looking for us, especially Apella, since she was so important to the project. 
“They’ll find us, especially while we’re with her,” I pointed to Apella accusingly. If I could smack her, I would. I paused on that thought. I could… She had put us all in danger with this crazy plan. Apella held out her wrist in front of the fire. She was scarred, new flesh growing around the edges of her tattoo. 
“What have you done?” Although, I knew the answer to my question. They all had the same scratchy scars on their wrists, except for Joseph. I grabbed the scanner that Deshi had been playing with and held it over Apella’s wrist. “Ana Keffi,” the reader stated. I wondered if there was any level this woman wouldn’t stoop to. I glared at her and stood gracelessly. I wanted to leave. I picked a direction and started walking.
I could hear him following me as he noisily stomped through the forest. It was slippery, mossy grey rocks covering the ground. The trees out here were thin birches; their long white trunks spattered with grey were so close together they made me feel like I was behind bars. A natural prison. I was squinting up at the sun, trying to work out which way to go, when I lost my balance and fell. He grabbed my arm before I hit the ground, pulling me up roughly.
“You know you’re walking right back to where we just got you from?” Joseph said.
“Maybe I would be better off,” I said, knowing full well that was a lie.
“Don’t be so foolish, Rosa. You know…” he didn’t get to finish. I made him regret every word. I turned around and pushed him hard. I wanted him to fall, but the trees were so thick he just bounced off one, rubbing his back. He didn’t look surprised. 
“You think I’m foolish? What the hell do you think you’re doing? What exactly do you think is going to happen to us? We’re going to die out here,” I screamed, pulling at my hair. I was beside myself. There was no scenario I could think of where we could come out of this ok or even alive. 
“Take me back,” I said as I pushed him again. 
“No.”
“Take me back!”
“I won’t take you back, so stop asking,” he said with a shrug.
He let me yell, rant, and rave, smacking into trees, throwing my arms around until I had nothing left in me. I sat down panting and he sat next to me wearing that infuriating, bemused expression. 
“What?” I said crankily.
“Nothing,” he put his arms up in surrender. “It’s just…you’re beautiful.” 
I rolled my eyes. “Even like this?” I pointed to my ball of a stomach. 
“Even more so,” he said, looking at the ground. “Look, I know this is a lot, and I know you probably have a ton of questions, so ask me anything and I will tell you the truth.”
I’m sure I should have had loads of questions but only two came to mind: Rash and my father. I needed to know if Rash and the boys were safe. I couldn’t bear the idea that my behavior had translated into them being hurt. I hoped they were smart enough to distance themselves from their association with me.
“Is Rash alive?” I asked, shutting my eyes tightly as if that could shut out any bad news. 
“If that’s the kid you were always sitting with, then yes, he’s alive.” He sounded disappointed. “You really care about him, huh?”
“Of course, Rash, Henri, all of the boys, they were my family.” I missed them so much. It hurt just to talk about them. Smells of sawdust mixed with blood permeated my senses.
“They’re all fine, sadder and quieter than before, but they’re ok.” 
I didn’t really understand his attitude. He seemed upset that I had asked this question. Hurt. I was so relieved that they had survived, that I hadn’t brought down some awful punishment on them. I smiled thinking about the last time I had spoken to Rash, how we hugged and he had joked about not liking me ‘that way’, that he preferred his girls with a bit of meat on them. A soft laugh escaped my lips. I wondered what he would think if he saw me now. Probably make some joke about me laying off the gruel. Those short months seemed like a dream to me now. I wished he were here with me.
“I’m sorry that you were taken away from them,” he said.
“Don’t apologize… That,” I emphasized, “was not your fault.”
“Can you tell me what happened?” He was searching my eyes, so troubled. I touched my hand to my jaw, remembering the devastating slam of that hammer, the way it split and shattered my delicate face. There was no scar, but I touched my tongue to the inside of my mouth, placing it in the hole where three of my teeth used to be. I shook my head. I couldn’t talk to him about that. I was ashamed. I didn’t want to admit to how badly I had wanted that life, and how fantastically I had destroyed it.
“Anything else, then?” Joseph raised one eyebrow. His face was so close to mine. I wanted something, but recalling those feelings was hard. They were just out of reach, buried under a thin layer of grit and rubble.
“What did my father ask you to do?” This question genuinely surprised him. He took my hand in his. I recoiled. Not ready. He smiled.
“You remember that your father was my teacher, right?”
I nodded. He hooked me with those eyes and I had to stretch my anger, remind myself that I wasn’t sure about him yet. But God it was hard.
He shook his head slightly, too long a silence between us. “Your father and I were close. He was…different to the other teachers. He helped me prep for the Classes with extra tutoring.” I closed my eyes and just listened to his voice. The deep rumble of it, the way it felt in my chest. I could enjoy it because he couldn’t see what it was doing to me. “When word had come that your mother was pregnant, Lenos was concerned for you.” I shrugged, news always traveled fast in Pau. “Especially after what Paulo had done to his brother all those years ago.”
I opened my eyes, “What are you talking about?” Now I was surprised.
“I thought you knew. Everyone knows.”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “Well, I guess that makes me the only clueless idiot in Pau who didn’t know,” I said, throwing my hands up in the air and letting them flop back down in my lap. I was regretting my question.
Joseph rubbed the back of his head. “Sorry, I didn’t mean…” I rolled my eyes. His trepidation around me was as irritating as his amusement at my anger.
“Just tell me what I apparently should already know.”
He gave me a look like, ‘are you sure?’ I just sat in silence until he continued.
“Well, about ten years ago, Paulo’s brother had a child and kept it a secret. Lenos said even Paulo didn’t know about it at the start. But as the child grew, it became harder and harder to keep the secret. At that point he appealed to Paulo for help. Your stepfather called the police straight away and… Well, you can guess what happened to them.”
The truth was crystalizing like a mirage made real. The heartless couple. The way Paulo had cruelly forced me to watch as the police had mutilated the couples’ bodies. I felt deep sadness for my mother. Why on earth had she chosen such a man? Then that too was explained. My father did not leave us—Mother left him. She couldn’t cope with his constant troublemaking, his resistance to authority, and his attitudes towards the Superiors. She threatened to turn him in if he did not leave the two of us alone. So I guess she chose Paulo, because he was the opposite of my father in every way.
“Are you all right?” Joseph asked. I was staring through the trees. Thinking about my father, how I had always wondered why he left, and why he had never contacted me. It was a small comfort to know that maybe he had wanted to, but he couldn’t because of my mother. A very small comfort.
Clara emerged from the clustered trees, barely fitting between the trunks as she made her way towards us. She took my hand and pulled me up. 
“We need to move,” she said, puffing hard but with that beautiful smile on her face. Framed by the light shining through the trunks, she was an angel. “Alexei says we only have a day’s head start and we need to make the most of it.” She flashed a grin at Joseph, which he returned in full. I could tell they would get along very well. “You must be Joseph,” she said and curtsied. She nearly fell over but he caught her. “You’re strong,” she giggled as he helped her stand. 
“So are you,” he laughed. “You managed to move this lump over here,” he said as he pointed in my direction. I scowled at him. Laughing, smiling was hard. Deshi called Joseph and he left us behind as he bounded towards the campfire. 
Clara linked arms with me and kissed me on the cheek. “So that’s Joseph,” she said, playfully elbowing me in the side as we walked. “Finally I get to meet him.” 
“What do you mean, ‘finally’?” I couldn’t remember ever mentioning his name before.
Joseph slowed his pace at the mention of his name. 
“After all those nights of you talking about him or to him in your sleep, it’s nice to finally see him in the flesh.”
I blushed. He was pretending not to listen, but I could see him smirking as he walked towards the others.
We reached the fire and there was a clatter of activity. There was barely time to think. Alexei threw a pack at me, and a green-grey coat. I pulled them on. 
“I’m glad you decided to stay,” he said, out of breath. 
“I didn’t say I would stay,” I announced.
“Well, you have two choices,” Joseph said, trying to force my hand, “follow us or go back to the facility.”
“Those are not the only choices. I will come with you, but I’m not going to follow you. If you want me to stay, then you have to include me in your planning. I will have a say and so will Clara.”
Joseph sighed, he knew me. He knew I wasn’t going to go along with everything they had already decided. If anything, I was always good at throwing a spanner in the works. We had all stopped moving. Alexei broke the silence. 
“Very well, good, we will fill you in as we walk.” His voice had an academic edge to it. It didn’t help that he had thinning hair and spectacles. He looked like he spent all his time indoors reading books. I had my doubts that he would be the right person to lead this ridiculous group of travelers.
“Where are we going?” I asked him.
“Into the Wilderness.”



We walked in a southeasterly direction. Alexei had an old compass he had swiped from the archives. He held it flat in the palm of his hand and shuffled around in circles until he looked off into the distance, squinted, and said, “That way.” The GPS in the reader would have been so much easier but Alexei was right, if we turned it on, it would be like a homing beacon for the Woodland soldiers to follow. 
I had agreed to look for the railway line because I couldn’t come up with anything better and we couldn’t stay where we were. We hadn’t seen any evidence that people were looking for us, but I was sure they would be. Deshi explained that the antidote smoke he had engineered was designed to stick to the inside of the ventilation shafts and continue releasing small amounts of the purple cloud for another three days. He had set it up to explode with such force that every vent and shaft, every pipe, was covered. In some cases, it probably blew the pipe covers into the rooms. I told him about my sophisticated mashed potato plug. He laughed and said that it would have shot across the room like a bullet. It would take the White Coats quite a while to clean the airshafts and get the girls back inside. So we had to make the best of the head start.
I thought about the girls we had left behind. I hoped some had got away, but we hadn’t come across one yet. I wished we could have helped them. Deshi felt the same way, but our group was conspicuous enough, without adding more hysterical, pregnant girls to the mix. I felt horribly guilty about being the one that got away. But having Clara with me helped ease that guilt.
We usually walked at the back, mostly because Clara was so slow, but also because I liked to keep as much distance between Apella and myself as I could. The more I knew of her, the more I disliked her. She seemed weak and followed Alexei around, lovesick and useless. She had no skills out here in the real world, and relied entirely on him for everything. It was extremely hard to believe that she had headed up the massive, secret operation that Clara and I had been caught in. Alexei led the way, and Deshi and Joseph took turns walking behind us. 
We trudged through the forest from dawn until it was nearly dark every day. There was so much to look at but we never stopped to take in the scenery. The tall pines stretched to the sky, dropping needles in our hair one minute, then we were out in a field moving through low grass and wild flowers. I loved the green, the rocks, and the flowers. 
I had been underground all winter and now it was spring. I found I could recall many of the names and uses of the flowers and plants we passed. My favorite was the Campanulas, a small, delicate, purple bloom shaped like a bell. It grew in clumps in the grassier areas. I would pick them and put them in Clara’s hair, making her smile, which always made me smile. 

Clara was about ready to have her baby. It seemed like it could happen at any moment and I was dreading that day. I think we all were. Every time she made an uncomfortable noise, everyone jumped. They let her rest as much as they could, but we had to keep moving. Sometimes Joseph would carry her for a spell, which she loved. She would talk with him or more, at him, about her life, her baby. She pressed him to talk about me, how we met, what happened, why was I so angry all the time?
“She’s always been like that,” he answered as he strolled through the underbrush with Clara in his arms. She was tiny, but it must have been difficult to carry her. If it was, he hid it well. He took good care of her, which I was grateful for.
“Yes, but why?” Clara pressed. I was behind them, watching her thin fingers tapping his shoulder. The sun bounced across his golden hair and absorbed into her black hair.
“She’s protecting herself. She doesn’t trust people. She doesn’t trust me anymore. I probably deserve it, though,” he sadly admitted.
“She trusts you. I don’t think she trusts herself, not yet anyway,” Clara said in her singsong voice. I rolled my eyes. I wish she wouldn’t say things like that. 
I wanted to respond, tell her to mind her own business or defend myself, but my mouth was sewn shut with imaginary thread. I couldn’t explain it well enough to even try. I didn’t mean to be this way but this experience had changed me. I hoped I could get myself back. I hoped the old Rosa wasn’t completely lost. When I was talking to Clara, sometimes I could forget about it, and I could laugh, smile. She was the silliest person I had ever met, bordering on insane, but despite my best efforts I adored her. 
Joseph would ask her about the baby, which she was always happy to talk about. He asked her a lot of detailed questions about how it felt to be pregnant—was she tired, was she hungry, was she in any pain? I suspected this had a lot to do with the fact that whenever he asked me anything about how I was feeling, I gave him snappy, one word answers. I didn’t like to think about the thing, let alone talk about it. 
“I have a name,” she said leadingly, “Hessa if it’s a boy and Rosa if it’s a girl.”
Joseph laughed heartily. “You better hope it’s a boy then!”
I laughed without meaning to and covered my mouth.
“Have you got names, Rosa?” he asked hopefully, turning to me. Giving me that look again.
“Yes, one, but you’re not going to like it,” I replied. He just looked at me imploringly, waiting. “Leech for a boy or a girl.”
He considered it for a moment and then grinned. “Leech Sulle, has a nice ring to it.” It was disarming. If I tried to bait him, it never worked the way I expected it to.
I held my tongue. I’d let him have that one.



After three days of walking, we still hadn’t hit the railway line. According to Alexei, we were very close and needed to spread out and start searching the ground for any signs of it. It had been hundreds of years since it was last used and it was bound to be covered with dirt and plants. We were looking for anything metal sticking out of the ground. Alexei asked us to split up into teams of two; we would walk straight out from a central point for five-hundred paces and then return if we didn’t find anything. If we did find the tracks, one of us would stay where we were, while the other one went back to the meeting place to fetch the rest of the group. The central point was a neat circle of Radiata pines. We dumped our packs there and teamed up. Alexei with Apella, of course, then, before Joseph could speak, I said I would go with Deshi, making up the excuse that Clara should go with the strongest, in case she couldn’t walk back.
Deshi scowled at me. “I’m not carrying you.”
“Never expected you to,” I said as I charged off down our allocated search line. 
The line we were given seemed to be uphill all the way. Deshi was puffing and panting as we pushed our way through a thicket of dead branches, intertwined with vines. He wasn’t fit like Joseph, his body not built for hard, physical challenges.
“How far have we gone?” I asked. “Is it time to turn around?”
Deshi sounded confused. “I don’t know. I thought you were counting.”
“Great,” I snorted and sat down on a log to rest for a minute. 
Deshi laughed half-heartedly. “Trust me to stuff this up.” I was surprised. His attitude didn’t match that of before, when he was cocky and slightly aggressive. I eased myself off the log and stood, reaching my hand out to pull him up.
“C’mon, we’ll go another two-hundred paces and then we’ll turn around,” I said, trying to sound confident. Deshi took my hand. It was cold and sweaty. 
“Thanks,” he said as I pulled his slight frame to its feet. 
Deshi’s presence here with us didn’t make much sense to me. He wasn’t doing it out of guilt or some misplaced family duty. He didn’t have someone he had to save like Apella and Alexei. I wanted to trust him, but in order to do that, I had to know his motivation.
“Can I ask you something?” 
“Sure, what?” he said suspiciously, as he tried to find a foothold on the crumbly ascent.
“Why are you here?” I asked outright. I was never good at leading into things.
He was scrambling up the incline, bits of rock and rubble sliding down the hill.
“That’s a good question,” he said as he held out his hand and pulled me towards him. He pulled a little too hard and we fell sideways, landing in the dirt next to each other, nearly rolling down the hill. I lay there, waiting for an answer. 
“Let’s just say, if Joseph wasn’t madly in love with you, I would very happily take your place in his affections.” I think my eyes were nearly popping out of my head. I had never heard of such a thing. Shock didn’t even cover it. 
“Does…Joseph…know?” I managed to stammer. I was reeling at this information. 
“Yes, but don’t worry,” he said sadly. “He has always made it clear that he considers me a friend, nothing more. He never asked me to come; I made that decision for myself.” 
I felt quite sad for him. Even if it weren’t Joseph he loved, in the Woodlands his would always be a life of constant lying and unhappiness. In Pau, and I assume everywhere, one was expected to marry and produce a child. Life was hard enough without the added burden of living a lie. I understood why he left. Anything had to be better than that. 
“I’m not worried,” I said, “but I’m glad to understand you better.” I knew what it was like to love someone from a distance. I guess sometimes that’s all you get.
“Maybe you’ll let me understand you better then?” he said as we pushed ourselves up to standing.
“Maybe.”
We pushed on. It was getting steeper and the vegetation was clearing. Now it was mostly crumbling dirt and orange gravel. It was very slippery and hard to negotiate. As we neared the top, we were both crawling on our hands and knees. I got to the top first and hauled Deshi’s slight body over the edge. We both stood up, dusting orange dirt off our knees and palms. 
We both looked down at our feet; we were standing on large slabs of wood evenly spaced apart with two metal rails lying across them. It snaked off into the distance as far as we could see. This had to be it. 
It was joyful and frightening at the same time. The tracks followed a line of trees, pines and spruces, green and towering. They leaned into the track, casting spiky shadows over it but never covering it. The track itself was in remarkable condition. It was rusty and the wood was grey and rotting, but it was not engulfed in vegetation as Alexei had expected. From our vantage point, we could see the whole world. It was foreign, ancient, and beautiful. 
Deshi handed me his canteen and I took a large gulp of water. Almost immediately, I needed to go to the toilet. As I went on, I was finding more and more that this child inside me was encroaching on my physical well-being, changing things I didn’t want changed and always making life harder. 
“I need to go to the toilet,” I said, embarrassed. 
Deshi rolled his eyes but he was used to this after travelling with two pregnant girls for days.
“Ok, well, why don’t you stay here and do what you need to do and I’ll go back and get the others,” he chirped. He couldn’t get out of there fast enough. He was scrambling down the incline before I could even reply. 
It was getting dark. I hoped Deshi wouldn’t take too long. Even though there was no one around, I felt conscious of being exposed so I decided I would climb down the other side, which was less steep, and offered some privacy. I skidded lightly down the other side and found a bush to crouch behind.
Just as I finished, I noticed a form moving towards me. At first I thought it must have been someone from the group but no, it was coming from the other direction and it was moving lower and faster than a person. I was fascinated, watching this fuzzy form move from tree to plant to rock, bowing its head and then moving on, getting closer and closer to where I stood. There was no noise as it approached. Its padded feet walked soundlessly across twigs and gravel. I hadn’t moved since I spotted it and tried to shift my weight, as I was standing with one leg on the incline and one on the flat ground. That small movement made it stop, still. It turned its head to the side and lowered its body, gliding softly towards me, ears back, eyes wide. Even in this cold air, I was sweating. It put its nose to the sky and sniffed, snorting the air from its nose like the smell was unpleasant. It was only a couple of meters away from me now and I could see clearly what it was. 
It was a magnificent creature, standing as high as my shoulders. It was covered in a thick coat of brown-grey fur, yellowing as it reached down its long, lean legs. This was a dog. No, it was far too big. A wolf.
It was upon me now; it lowered its head to my feet and tracked its nose up to my stomach. I was as still as stone, feeling an odd sense of protectiveness about its nose nearly touching my belly. Wanting to turn to the side, so the baby was out of the way. It was so close that I could feel its hot breath on my skin. I was mesmerized by its beauty, its presence. It was majestic and powerful. It could kill me in a second, but it was all I could do to resist the ridiculous urge to run my hands through its thick fur.
Like a trap snapping shut, it whipped its head around. It sniffed the air again and cantered gracefully away from me, making its way to the crest of the incline. Standing on the tracks, our path. It howled one long note and other howls not far away joined the chorus. 
Run, a voice in my head uttered urgently. Run now.
I scrambled up the graveled hill, just in time to see the creature bounding down the tracks in the opposite direction to me. I knew I had to be quick. It was a scout, soon it would reach its pack and they would be after me. 
I slid down the other side on my backside, all the while screaming for Deshi. He couldn’t have been that far ahead of me, surely. Tramping through the thicket, I cut through to clearer ground, my arms and legs scratched and bleeding. I broke into the quickest run I could manage, which wasn’t very fast. All the while thinking, what if they get to them first or what if they get to me first? I was struggling to suck in breath, struggling to keep moving, but I did. I started screaming all of their names, hoping for any reply.
“Joseph, Deshi, Clara, Apella, Alexei, anyone?” 
Finally someone answered. It was Joseph, sprinting in my direction. His large body barreling towards me so fast, he had to dig into the dirt to stop from knocking me over.
“What? What’s wrong? Is it the baby?” He sounded panicked. He grabbed my arms, casting an eye over the blood and scratches. They all had their packs on their backs. Deshi must have made it back and they were preparing to come meet me at the tracks.
“No!” I said, pulling away from his grasp violently with irritation. “There’s a pack of wolves nearby and I think they are hunting us or will be soon.”
“Oh,” he sighed in relief. I was confused by his reaction. We were no match for a pack of wild animals. I didn’t think we even had any weapons. 
“Alexei, what do we do about wolves?” he said, with an edge to his voice I didn’t recognize—commanding and directive.
Alexei took out his reader and scanned it for some information, flicking his finger occasionally to enlarge something he was reading. “Wolves,” he said in his intellectual voice, “hunt in packs. To avoid being attacked, climb a tree. The pack will eventually lose interest and move on.”
“Right, let’s put our packs up in a tree and then up we go,” Joseph said with authority. But it was too late. As we were organizing ourselves, I could see glowing eyes hovering in what was left of the day’s light. There looked to be at least five pairs. I imagined them licking their lips and baring their teeth but all I could see was eyes. There was no sound. Everyone was still fussing around with their packs. I grabbed Alexei’s shoulder roughly and pointed towards the eyes. They would have been about four-hundred meters away. They were moving slowly and deliberately in our direction, stalking us. 
Alexei grabbed Apella and hoisted her into the branches, whispering through his teeth, “Climb.” She still had a tiny pack on her back. Come to think of it, I’d never seen her take it off. Luckily, the radiata pines that surrounded our chosen meeting place were tall, strong, sturdy trees with plenty of straight, easy-to-climb branches. The only problem being, the first branches started a couple of meters off the ground. Joseph went to pick me up and push me up into the branches with Apella.
“No, help Clara,” I said. He looked at me as if he were going to argue but then went to Clara and gently raised her to the first branch. His arms flexed under her weight, but his face showed no exertion. Apella held out her hand and pulled the tiny ball of a girl into the tree. She looked ridiculous, a tiny ninth months’ pregnant girl balancing on a branch like a swollen songbird. She looked scared, but I was confident she would be safe. 
Apella was looking anxiously to Alexei, beckoning with her hands for him to follow. Her selfishness never stopped surprising me. I wanted to take a rock, aim it at her porcelain face, and knock her out of the tree. Let her be devoured by these hunters. Not that they would get much of a feed from her bony body. I turned to see the eyes were closer now. I could see their padded feet silently creeping towards us, their heads low. 
Alexei and Deshi both clambered up the tree, helping each other. Clara and Apella were quite far up now, and the tree was swaying under the weight of four people. 
We could hear them now. They had separated and were circling our little campsite, sniffing and panting. Without asking, Joseph swept me into his arms and unceremoniously catapulted me into the tree. I couldn’t get a grip on the branch and I slipped, just hanging from the rough bark by my hands, my feet a foot off the ground. 
Alexei’s voice carried down. “No. The tree won’t hold all of us.” He was aiming his whispers at Joseph. “Take her to the one over there.” He pointed across the circle to the other big pine. Joseph growled as he held his arms out for me to fall into. I let go and he caught me but I quickly wiggled out of his grasp and to my feet. 
We ran to the opposite tree. Joseph was about to lift me when I stopped him. “You first,” I didn’t want to be thrown again.
“Are you joking? No!” he whispered tersely. He was angry but I knew it was the smart thing to do. The wolves were moving in, watching our little performance with hungry eyes. A black wolf had taken the lead. It was so close to the ground, it looked as though it was slithering, only a couple meters away from us. Its yellow eyes were menacing in the almost dark. A soft growl emitted from its bared teeth. We didn’t have time to argue. 
“I need you to pull me up!” I shoved him. I think it took all his strength to obey me, but he did. Once in the branch, he grabbed my arm and pulled. But something was wrong. I was stuck. No, not stuck, something was pulling me backwards. Did it bite me? I felt no pain. I turned around to see the black wolf had a hold of my pant leg. It was tugging me to the ground, my toes desperately trying to find something to push off but finding only scrapings of dirt and air. Joseph eyes looked crazed with worry as he grabbed me with both arms and pulled as hard as he could, my arms straining at their sockets. Then I felt teeth sink into flesh and I screamed. For a split second, the animal paused, which was long enough for me to kick it as hard as I could with my good leg. It yelped and then it lunged. I closed my eyes. This was it. Air rushed across my face and I was flying. 
When I opened them again, I was in Joseph’s arms and the wolves were surrounding the tree, moving in unison as if in a dance, taking turns jumping and scratching at the trunk and trying to snap at our toes. 
Joseph was breathing hard. So was I. He was holding me so tight that I was starting to feel suffocated.
“Joseph,” I whispered, “I’m ok, you can let me go.” He looked at me and it registered. He loosened his hold on me, but he didn’t let go. After a few seconds, he put his large hands on either side of my waist and helped me to stand on the branch. A flicker in my chest made me pause. We needed to climb higher, just to be safely out of reach of the frenzied clawing that was taking place beneath us. I pushed up onto my toes, feeling the squelch of the sock in my left boot, which was filling with blood.
As we climbed higher, we heard them shouting from the other tree. It was Clara I could hear the clearest. “Are you all right, Rosa?” Her voice sounded high and strained. It must have been very uncomfortable for her, sitting in a tree. I hoped Deshi was looking after her. 
“She’s safe,” Joseph answered for me. “What about you?”
“All good over here,” she said, adding, “Beautiful moon, don’t you think?” My eyes were starting to get sore from all the rolling I had done since I met her. She always managed to find a positive even in the worst situation possible. 
Joseph chuckled. I looked up at the sky, and sure enough, there was a beautiful moon rising, casting pointed, ghostly shadows on the forest floor.
“Joseph, I’m not ok. It bit me,” I whispered.
He nodded tightly. “I know. I just didn’t want to worry her,” he confessed quietly. I was grateful that, for once, we were on the same page.



We sat together on the strongest branch we could find, that was high enough to keep us safe from the snapping jaws of the wolves below. I had said I could sit on a branch on my own, but Joseph absolutely refused to let me go and we were balancing so precariously, I couldn’t really start a fight. If I had tried to pry myself out of his arms, I was liable to fall. So I allowed him to hold me, reminding him every so often that he was squeezing a little too tight. 
It was a strange set of senses I was experiencing. The smell of the pine needles was refreshing and stirred up pleasant memories of a life past. I know I should have been fearful but I wasn’t. From here, the wolves looked less menacing and more entertaining. And with Joseph’s arms around me, I felt calm. I thought about how many times I had wished to be in his arms before. Before everything had changed. I felt safe, certainly, but I was sure it couldn’t last. Nothing ever did.
On the ground, the wolves were scratching the tree trunks, jumping up, and sometimes fighting with each other. Their sharp claws made shredding noises as they tore large chunks of bark from the poor bleeding tree. Yelping and howling. Every time I thought they had given up, they would start again. They were ravenous.
Despite this, I still found them stunning. Their long fur was standing on end and they were mad with hunger, but there was something so fierce and powerful about them. We were in their world now and I was fascinated by their behavior. The black wolf was clearly the leader and two other, bigger, stronger wolves flanked him. One of them was the scout I had encountered earlier. They behaved how I imagine a family would… Helping each other most of the time, occasionally fighting, but all working towards the same goal—to kill and eat us. 
“Look at them,” I whispered. “Aren’t they beautiful?”
Joseph scoffed. “Yeah, they’re gorgeous; I particularly like the look of the one that sank its teeth into you.” I didn’t really think he would see them the way I did. 
He was shivering and I noticed that he was only wearing a thin shirt. He must have dropped his jacket on the ground when we ran. I was sitting across his lap, with my back against the trunk of the tree. I leaned into him, trying to warm him with my own body. Slowly, his breathing steadied and he stopped shaking. I could just make out his face in the moonlight. He smelled like the woods, like damp dirt and wood fire. I liked it. After being in an artificial environment for so long, these natural smells were intoxicating to me. 
He slid his hand down my leg slowly and gently tried to lift my boot off. I was shivering but I wasn’t cold. I was not used to this closeness and every touch felt charged. I winced as he carefully pulled it. The blood was drying and the boot and sock were stuck to each other and my foot. He dropped it down and I watched as it bounced off branches and landed amongst the wolves. They jumped back then leaned in to sniff it, shaking their heads in frustration when they realized it wasn’t attached to one of us. Then Joseph started working his fingers into my sock. I shuddered.
“Please leave it! It has stopped bleeding,” I said a little too grumpily. He let my foot fall and I let out a small squeak in pain. 
“Are you all right?” His hand was searching for my face. I held still. He traced my lips with his finger. “I can’t see you; you have to tell me if this is ok.” I wasn’t sure what he meant. Was he asking me if my foot was ok, or was he asking if his hand on my face, his other hand gripped tightly around my waist, was ok? I didn’t know, so I didn’t answer. I didn’t want to feel this way but a very big part of me was more content than I had ever been—which was ridiculous given our situation. We had each other captive; there was no running from him now.
“I can see you,” I said. He was smoothing my hair back from my face, running his hand down my neck. Warmth was all I could feel, like liquid gold running through my veins.
“You must be part wolf,” he joked. I could feel his breath, warm, drawing me in. His face lit up by the moon, eyes earnest, painful in their restraint. I knew I should stop him. I knew what he wanted, and that he wasn’t going to get it from me. His lips were brushing my neck. I reacted, giggling. It tickled. 
Suddenly, the sound of tearing fabric interrupted us. Initially panicked, thinking someone had fallen from their tree, I saw the wolves had moved on to our packs. I could hear plastic wrappers being torn open and wolves growling and fighting over our dried meat and bread. 
“There go our supplies,” yelled Deshi from the other tree. I was staring down at the ground, straining to see what the wild animals had done. They didn’t seem so scary this far up. They were just puffs of fur moving around each other in a destructive dance. Joseph’s hand was pulling my face towards his own. He was clumsy because he couldn’t see, but his intent was clear. I went rigid. He sensed my hesitation and spoke.
“Please, I need to do this. I need to finish it.” He sounded so determined. 
“Finish what?” I asked, confused.
“I owe you this kiss; I need to kiss you back. The way I should have back in Pau,” he said sincerely, nervously. Like he had practiced this speech before. It wasn’t like him to be nervous. I couldn’t help myself.
“Geez, could you be any sappier?” I laughed. I could see him smiling, his strong jaw and cheeks looking more angular in the moonlight. And then his lips were on mine and I forgot everything. Every logical argument for why this shouldn’t happen flew out my head. We were both overcome. It was more than I had expected, more intense, almost to the point of being painful. I couldn’t pull away. He was never going to pull away. He was right. This was what it should have been like the first time.
I don’t know how long it lasted. It could have been a minute—it could have been hours. Slowly though, we disconnected from one another. I forgot where I was and over balanced, teetering backwards just slightly, he had me though. I felt like, perhaps, he would always have me. He held me tightly, running his fingers gently up and down my arm and kissing me lightly on the neck. I buried my head in his chest, listening to his heart, feeling the rise and fall as he breathed. I wondered if we needed to speak. Should I say something? Was he going to say something? The biggest question would spoil everything, so I left it. I wanted to stay here, with him, as long as I could. The gold spread through my body. Like a drug, it found its way through every part of me, threatening to dislodge that stone in my heart.
Somehow, I must have drifted off, because when I opened my eyes, it was dawn. I felt stiff and achy. My ankle was throbbing and crusty with blood. Joseph was awake. He was looking down at me, eyes protective, but with a slight smile on his face. 
“How are you feeling?” he said. He was still holding me tight. I was still curled up in his lap, very reluctant to move at all. This was the safest place in the world to me; I didn’t want to give it up. 
“I’m fine,” I said croakily. I took his hand in mine and kissed it. He held out my arm to inspect it and traced the numerous scrapes and scratches lightly with his fingers, sending more shivers through me. 
“Are you cold?” he asked. I shook my head, attempting to make myself smaller, so he could wrap himself even more tightly around me.
I looked down through the branches. The wolves were gone but they had left a huge mess. Everything was destroyed. The others were already out of the tree. Clara was standing with her hands on her hips, arching her back and beaming at us. She looked very tired. 
“Good morning, you two,” she said. I didn’t like her tone. Joseph eased me off his lap and helped me climb down from the tree. The stench burned my nostrils as soon as my good foot hit the ground. The wolves had certainly ‘marked’ their territory. 
I surveyed the torn bags and crumbs of food, shaking my head. There was very little we could salvage. Clara sidled up to me, slipped her arm in mine and whispered in my ear, “Joseph and Rosa sitting in a tree k…i…s…s.” I cringed. I gave her a look, which she understood to mean: I don’t care if you’re pregnant; if you finish that sentence, I’m going to finish you. She stopped and grinned at me. Threats never worked with her. Joseph jumped to the ground with ease, barely able to control his glee. Then Clara saw my foot. 
I’ve never had someone fuss over me so much. She sat me down and cleaned the wound, chastising me constantly for lying to her. I pointed out that it was Joseph that lied to her. She whacked the back of his legs as he passed. “Ouch!” he said in mock pain. Their mood was easy to read, like co-conspirators, they just had to give each other a knowing look to work out what the other was thinking. She may as well have congratulated him. But now that I was back on the ground, reality was creeping back in. I was a bit embarrassed. Conscious that maybe the others knew as well. Although, they didn’t seem to show it. They were too concerned with sifting through the chaos our four-legged pursuers had left for us.
Looking at the bite marks, it seemed I was pretty lucky. I had two neat gashes where the wolf’s teeth had connected with my flesh and dragged across it as Joseph pulled me up. They weren’t too deep. I shut my eyes, remembering the pain as the beast had sunk its fangs into my ankle. The bleeding had stopped. It was going to be hard to walk on though. While Clara was bandaging it up with some torn-up scraps of fabric she had found, care of the wolves, Alexei was busy scanning his reader. He said we needed to get moving. We needed to evacuate the wolves’ territory before they returned. It would mean walking all day, with very little breaks. 
Joseph scooped me up in his arms; he touched his forehead to mine affectionately. Our eyes connected—it was easy to get lost in those green eyes. But I was aware that everyone was looking at us. I asked him to put me down. I would walk, at least, for a while. He looked like he hadn’t slept all night and we all needed to save our energy. He scrounged around and presented me with a long piece of wood with my missing boot on the end of it. I tried to shove the boot on my foot but it was hard with all the bandages. Joseph walked towards me. “Sit down,” he ordered. I obeyed. Gently he lifted my leg, sliding both hands down from my knee to my foot, slowly. I trembled. He balanced my foot on his bended knee and loosened the laces on my shoe. As he positioned my shoe, he winked. As infuriating as ever. “You’re blushing,” he whispered, as he helped me to my feet and handed me the walking stick. I tried to hit him with the stick but he was too fast for me. He ducked and ran to the front of our group, consulting Alexei about what we needed to do next. Although, he may as well have skipped off for how pleased he was with himself. 
We put everything we owned into a couple of packs, which Alexei and Deshi took turns carrying. There wasn’t much. We had lost all our water and dried food. What we had saved or really, what the wolves had decided they didn’t want, were empty water containers, our blankets, and the grey box that had dispensed my breakfast. Apella still had her little pack, which I reminded myself I needed to ask her about.
Deshi led us with the help of my instructions to where we had found the railway line.



When we arrived at the railway line, Clara was already completely exhausted, and we’d only been walking for about twenty minutes. It had taken a lot out of her scrambling up the hill, and Joseph was unable to help her because he was carrying me. With my injured foot, I was struggling to do very much. I hated being dependent on anyone, let alone Joseph. I hoped once we were on the track, I would be able to walk on my own. After months underground, Clara and I were both quite unfit, despite the ‘exercise’. Joseph let me stand when we got to the top, and we watched as Alexei and Apella celebrated the finding of the line. 
She took his pale face in her hands and kissed him. “We found it.” 
He pulled her into his chest, his thin fingers pressing into her back. “I knew we would sweetheart.” Yuck! “We might just make it.” 
She gazed up at him, her blue eyes hopeful.
She was pathetic. I honestly couldn’t understand what he saw in her. Alexei had proved useful so far. He had knowledge and survival skills. He was also strong, despite his slight appearance. But he loved her. The way he held her and looked into her eyes, that much was obvious.
“So which way do we go?” I asked. My sense of direction was never very good and I was so turned around, I really had no idea where we were. 
“We head east.” Alexei pointed towards the track that snaked off into the distance, looking like it climbed, looking like it was carved into the side of the mountain. 
“Fabulous!” I said, sarcastically. I looked at my group of travelers. Deshi looked as doubtful as I was. Joseph and Clara were smiling, although Clara looked a bit drained, her skin looking sweaty and green. At least the weather was warm and we had a track to follow. Thinking of the sun and the warmth, my mouth felt suddenly dry. Deshi vocalized what I was thinking before I could.
“Has everyone forgotten that we have no water?” he said, irritated. I wondered what he knew of last night. I felt bad that it may have hurt him.
Alexei took out his map from his back pocket. He was wearing sturdier clothes than the rest of us, who were in Class uniforms. He had thick, cotton pants on, dark green in color. He was studying it intensely. I hoped there was a line of blue somewhere on this map that would lead us to water. I didn’t notice that Joseph had come up behind me, until I could feel his breath on my neck. I wasn’t ready for this. I didn’t want to have this conversation, especially not in front of everybody else. 
“I just want to tell you…” he hesitated, stepped back from me, and wiped his nose with his hand. His face was scrunched up—was he in pain? “Oh Rosa, you stink!” he laughed. I smelled the air. Something certainly smelled revolting. It was the same smell as back at the campsite and it was coming from me. My boot. Once we were standing still, it emanated the pungent stink of wolf urine. Joseph was doubled over laughing. Deshi slapped him on the back and was smiling too. Even the corners of Apella and Alexei’s mouths were turned up. 
The only person who wasn’t amused was Clara. She came to my defense, smacking them both lightly on the head. “What’s the matter with you two? Hasn’t she been through enough?” The boys sucked in their laughter and looked at their feet like they were about to get detention. “We need to move. Now. Stop playing around and start walking,” she said sternly, but with a twinkle in her eye. I smiled. Sometimes, when she wasn’t talking about moons and rainbows, she took on this tone that sounded so much older than her years. Motherly almost. Deshi pulled Joseph to his feet and they strode off, laughing and talking. I stayed downwind, at the back of the group with Clara. We were the slowest anyway, with her waddling and my limping.
After a few minutes, Joseph and Deshi calmed themselves and took on the task of scouting for water. They would divert from the tracks every few kilometers and head into the forest. They always came back with their hands in the air. Nothing. They were way ahead of us. Apella and Alexei walked hand in hand in front. Joseph kept looking back at me, but thankfully, he was giving me the space I needed. He knew me well enough to know I didn’t want to talk to him just yet. Or maybe he was afraid of what I would say.
Clara took my hand. It felt tiny in my own. She swung our arms together like we were schoolgirls. She was like a tiny ray of light—always smiling, always a comfort. She looked to me and smiled, shiny white teeth gleaming, her springy, black hair bouncing up and down as she walked. 
“I’m glad to have you to myself for once.” She gave my hand a squeeze.
“Me too,” I said. Distance from Joseph was a good thing at that moment. 
“It is so beautiful here. In Palma we wrote about the Wilderness but only from our imagination. It’s so much more than I had expected,” she said, her face full of wonderment.
She was right. From where we stood, we could see a carpet of alternate greens. The sky was clear blue. The spring weather brought with it warmth but not heat. The grey, rocky mountains contrasted with the pines. There was life everywhere. She patted her belly.
“Yes, we could be at home here.” She was talking to her child, so dreamy. Sometimes I did wonder if she was ‘all there’. She was full of hope, which was not a bad thing, but I couldn’t understand from what source it originated. After everything she had been through, she seemed unaffected. It had to be the baby that kept her so buoyant, something I neither comprehended nor wanted.
Something occurred to me that hadn’t before. Spring weather. 
“What month is it?” I yelled to Alexei. 
“It’s just turned to April today,” he replied. “Why?”
“Just wondering,” I said unconvincingly.
Alexei shrugged his shoulders and returned to his conversation with Apella.
Clara was looking at me curiously. Her eyes asked me, what that was about?
“I turned seventeen two days ago,” I said with a sigh.
“Happy birthday!” Clara said, clasping her hands around my shoulders and pulling me to her. I had never heard that phrase before. A change of age was not marked by anything in Pau, except access to a new ring. She was giving me a big squeeze when she jumped suddenly, like someone had kicked her.
“Ouch!” she exclaimed. Then in the sickly sweet voice she reserved for her baby, she said, “Naughty child, you shouldn’t hurt your mother so,” with her finger raised in mock disdain.
“Are you ok?” I asked. She looked weary. We needed to rest. I flagged the others and we let her sit for a while.
“I’m all right, really. I’m just hungry, and thirsty, but so is everyone else,” she said, waving her hand, shooing us away like bothersome flies. We had to find something soon. We were all getting hungry and weak after our night in the trees. I scanned the area. I felt like there was a memory pinching me, something to do with Rash. He was making fun of me in the Arboretum. I was saying something was surprising, interesting. I remembered him telling me I was confusing boring with interesting.
“Rash,” I whispered, smiling to myself. Forgetting where I was for a moment. Joseph looked at me. Eyes searching but I was replaying a memory in my head, looking right through him. I was reading about the pines. Rash was teasing me about having no life. I punched him in the arm. What I was reading was interesting because the plaque described the spring needles as being edible and that the male pollen cones were sweet. We needed sugar. I limped down the side of the hill, and picked a few of the small, yellow cones. I put one in my mouth. It was sweet, chewy. I filled my pockets and dragged myself back up the hill. I handed them out.
“Try it,” I urged. Joseph chucked one straight in his mouth, always the trusting one. Clara did the same. The others waited until they were sure I wasn’t planning a murder-suicide, but eventually they tried them. It wasn’t going to satisfy for long, but it was something until we found water. When we got up and started walking again, I tried to remember anything else about the plants I had read about, opening my eyes and really observing our environment. I was hoping it would come back to me. We split up again, the boys still searching for water. Clara and I, arm in arm, headed up the back. 
“What’s rash?” she asked innocently.
I laughed, but it came out stiffly. “Rash was the name of my friend at the Classes. I mean is—Rasheed is his name.” These memories were painful, dredging up feelings my conscious had not had time to deal with. Although it had been months since I had seen them, for me it felt like only a couple of weeks. I had had no time to grieve, or even decide whether I should grieve.
“You hurt him,” she said plainly. I wasn’t sure what that meant.
“I guess so, I mean, no not really.” I was confused. I didn’t hurt Rash, well, not directly anyway.
“Joseph doesn’t understand your feelings for this Rash; you need to explain it to him.” She said it like it was the most obvious thing in the world. She thought I had hurt Joseph. 
“I can’t talk to him. I don’t know what to say,” I explained, upset. She could cut right through me. She saw things I couldn’t see, or didn’t want to.
“Do you love him?” she asked, stopping us mid-stride, turning to face me. Her face was imploring, kind but urgent in its need for an answer.
Without question, I knew the answer, “Yes.”
She looked baffled, “Then why? Why don’t you go to him, tell him?” For her it was simple. 
“I don’t love this thing inside me, and I think he does or he will.” I knew he did. 
“Oh, is that all?” She waved her hand in dismissal. I stared at her in disbelief. “Rosa, it’s obvious to everyone here, except you, that he will choose you, every time, he will choose you.” I didn’t need to hear that. 
“He shouldn’t have to make that choice,” I uttered, mostly to myself. I didn’t believe her anyway. I knew she thought I would change my mind, that when it was born, somehow something would kick in and I would be a mother. Then we could be a family. But the idea made me feel ill. It wouldn’t be real. None of this felt real. It was all backwards.
I was staring out at the trees, scanning the foliage, looking for a point of difference, when I saw it. In from the tree line and standing out like a splash of paint was a patch of purple. 
“Siberian Irises love water!” I cried. 
“What?” she called after me, but I was already stumbling, halfway down the gravelly hill. 
Joseph caught up to me as I was entering the thicker part of the wood, the group disappearing from sight. He put his hand on my shoulder. 
“Wait, where are you going?” he sounded out of breath and worried.
“I’m not running away. I think I can find water.” I panted, feeling light-headed from the lack of water and the sprint down the hill.
Surprising me, he held out his hand, indicating for me to pass him and said, “Lead the way.”
It was cooler down here, with only small snatches of light shining through the gaps in the trees. I kept a straight line, hoping that I hadn’t led us off course. We walked for about half an hour, the dense foliage closing in around us as we moved deeper into the forest. It was mossy and damp with spatters of small, white flowers tucked in the tree roots. I was sure we should have hit it by now and I was beginning to doubt that I had seen it at all, when I heard something. Joseph must have heard it too because he stopped dead in his tracks and pulled me backwards into his arms. Quietly, we crouched down, watching a large form shuffling through the undergrowth. All I could see was small patches of brown fur catching the light every now and then. The plants were higher than my eye line. I wanted to get closer but Joseph had his hands clamped around my arms. I put my hands over his and gently pulled his fingers off me one by one. I stood. Joseph stood behind me, so close I could feel the heat from his body. Having him close was distracting and I needed to think clearly.
It must have been at least four times the size of a man. It turned in our direction and sniffed. A fuzzy face presented itself, with a squashed muzzle and a big, black nose. I became as still as a statue, not daring to breathe. Slowly but deliberately, Joseph moved his body between me and the great beast. Still unmoving, I hissed at him, “You’re not wrestling a bear for me, you idiot!” He let out a stifled laugh, swallowing the noise as it escaped his lips. We both backed away slowly. It wasn’t interested in us. It turned its attention to something else and lumbered through the brush. 
Leaving a good distance between himself and the bear, Joseph followed. He told me to stay, so of course, I followed them both. 
We followed for about fifty meters and were rewarded for our bravery, or stupidity. The bear had stopped and was taking a drink from a wide stream. Dotted along both banks were the purple flowers of the Siberian Iris. Their long green stems extending from the bank, looking like beckoning arms. The soft purple and yellow petals reminded me of a woman’s mouth parted and ready to speak. 
We sat and waited, giving the huge creature a wide berth. Joseph was distracted, tracing patterns in the dirt with his finger. I kept my eye on the bear. It finished drinking and padded off in a different direction to where we had come from. 
“You know, if I’m part wolf, I think you might be part bear,” I said cheekily.
“Why’s that? Are you saying I’m big and hairy?” Joseph said, looking up from his dirt tracing, his eyes sparkling. An old feeling resurfaced.
I roughed up his hair. “Ha! Maybe. Well, big anyway.” I swayed from side to side, grumbling. “It’s the way you move; you’re not the quietest person in the world.”
He grinned at me. I found that broken tooth. Chipped and grey. My little beacon of imperfection.
After a while, we decided to venture towards the stream. Thirst ran hot sandpaper across our tongues. I ran to the water and plunged my head in. I took off my stinky boot and threw it into the water downstream. Joseph drank and then scooped the water up in his hands, washing his face and running them along the back of his neck, smoothing his blonde curls from his face, water dripping down his neck and onto his chest. I didn’t want to look but he was hard to ignore. What had Rash said? He was an impossibly beautiful man. Unaware of it too. I blushed, realizing my own hair was crusty and unkempt. I undid my plait and dipped my head in the water again, trying to wash out some of the dirt it had accumulated out here in the Wilderness. It had grown quite long over the time I was underground and now lay midway down my back. When I flipped my hair back, he was giving me that look again. I guess I was the only girl in the world, right at that minute. Apart from me, there were only the birds and bugs. 
Before he could speak, I said, “We’d better fetch the others.” He shook his head and got up. I suspect he found my behavior frustrating. I did too. 
We didn’t need to get up. We could hear them crashing through the trees, not even trying to be quiet. Deshi burst through first, looking at us like he had caught us doing something inappropriate. I gave him a scowl for his insinuation. 
“What’s going on?” I asked.
They all looked panicked and breathless. Clara stumbled up behind them, lagging. I was annoyed by the fact that they let her fall behind. Once they all stopped talking at once, I could hear what had sent them barreling through the forest. The familiar sound of chopper blades cutting through the air sounded unnatural under the canopy of the trees. It started quite far away but slowly the noise increased, until all we could hear was the brrrrr of the aircraft. The trees were swaying. The birds had stopped singing. We all dove down and hid under bushes, rocks, or whatever we could find. I grabbed Clara and shoved her under a sage bush. Searching for a place to hide, I could see Joseph calling me over to him. He was squashed under a rock ledge near the water’s edge. I saw a fallen branch, between them both, and pulled it on top of myself. Being small, it covered my whole body quite well, my grey uniform blending into the rocks around us. I curled up. From the air, I would have looked like a rock that a branch had fallen on. Out of the corner of my vision, I could see Joseph rolling his eyes at me. It was catching.
The craft hovered temporarily, sitting in the air like a giant dragonfly, but after a few minutes, it veered northeast. I breathed a sigh of relief—we all did. At least it was heading away from where we were going. 
That was the first day we saw the choppers. From then on, they were our constant companions.



The choppers were unrelenting. Always drawn to our position, like flies to rotting carrion. There was no pattern to follow. Sometimes one would come in the morning and that would be it. Other times, three or four would come at different intervals throughout the day. We decided we would walk alongside the tracks, rather than on them, so that we had time to hide when we heard them coming. What I was unsure of was whether they were looking for us. They never hovered over one place for very long. They always veered off to the northeast eventually. As far as Alexei knew, there was no settlement out that way. 
We all developed our own methods for hiding. Clara dropped and rolled under a bush. I always pulled something over me. Alexei and Apella always wasted time looking for a place big enough to hide them both. Joseph and Deshi went for whatever was closest. We started to get into a rhythm, warning each other when one of us heard them coming. It slowed us down a lot though.
Water was no longer a problem either. We knew what to look for, and once we did, we found there were bountiful streams meandering through the woods. They cut through the land, like shards of a shattered mirror, beautiful and strange water plants poking out around the banks. Alexei even managed to catch us some fish. He squatted over the water, watchful, eyes darting impossibly fast. The fish zipped in, out, and under rocks, like they knew. Poised, he waited for his moment and snapped, quick as a whip, pulling a fish out with his bare, shaking hands. Joseph and Deshi had a try. It was hilarious to watch them. Most of the time they both ended up in the water, laughing and pushing each other over. I tried too but my balance was so off I couldn’t squat over the water for very long. It just irritated me, so I gave up.
It was also nice to be able to wash. I don’t know why it made such a difference, but I felt so much better after I had bathed. Clara and I would walk down to a stream before dinner. Wash ourselves and clean our hair. We rinsed out our clothing and letting it dry in the sun. Clara would braid my hair in all sorts of odd configurations. I let her, but wished I had a mirror so I could check that she hadn’t made me look too ridiculous. 
She pestered me about Joseph constantly. Pulling my hair back with her thin fingers, she asked, “So what are you going to do about him?”
“About who?” 
“Really, Rosa?” I could sense her eyes rolling at me behind my back.
She pulled my hair back sharply. “Ouch! Not so hard”
“You’re not being very fair to him. Have you even thanked him for rescuing us?” she said in that motherly tone.
“Save your mothering for that little monster you’re carrying,” I snapped.
“Hold still.” 
“Ouch!” Clara’s fingernails were digging into my scalp.
“Oops, sorry,” she giggled, returning to her girlish self.
That night I returned to the campfire and Joseph and Deshi fell backwards off their seats with laughter. Apparently, I looked remarkably similar to an octopus. I touched my head, eight chunky plaits protruding from it at different angles. 
“Thanks Clara,” I said, frowning.
“Oh, come now,” Clara said between fits of hysterical giggling. “I think you make quite a beautiful octopus.”
I smiled, shaking my head around, my tentacles bashing into each other. I felt like she was peeling layers off me, stripping back the roughness. Shining her faith into me, and airing out the darkest corners. 
Once, Clara pulled just the front part back into two thin plaits, letting the rest of my hair fall down around my shoulders, placing tiny, white, star-shaped flowers around my crown like a wreath. When we returned, Joseph stood. He looked stunned. I worried she had made me look stupid again. I went to pull it out. Joseph put his hand up, “No, leave it. It looks… it looks good.” Now he was blushing.
The group mostly ate from the box but I preferred to eat what I could find in the forest. I discovered I had absorbed quite a lot of information from my time at the Classes, and I enjoyed foraging for food.
At night, the non-pregnant members of the group took turns taking watch. We always camped under trees that would be easy to climb, in case the wolves returned, but we never heard from them again. I wondered whether the choppers had scared them off. Then again, we had walked quite far. We may have managed to get out of their territory. 
Clara was so slow. She said she felt good. But to me, she looked ill. That thing seemed to be dragging her lower to the ground. I was very worried about her. My foot was healing well and I didn’t need help to walk anymore, so I insisted that Joseph help her and carry her when he could. When I did stumble, Deshi was kind enough to offer a shoulder to lean on. 
Deshi was a good friend to Joseph, and even though there would always be a slight unease between us, he helped me when he could. We were starting to be friends. If anything, we had a mutual interest. I don’t think he resented me; maybe he was just a little sad. 
Clara seemed like she must only be days away, judging by how long we had been out here and my vague memories of them saying she was thirty-six weeks when she had her ‘scare’. I resolved to speak to Apella about Clara’s condition and what we needed to look out for. I had only a vague idea what labor would be like. It was not something my mother ever talked about, but I was sure it would be painful. And without the normal facilities, it was going to be very challenging and probably dangerous.
As we were walking, I decided to catch up with the spindly couple and talk to Apella. I had barely said two words to her since my rescue, so the surprised look on her face was expected. 
“I need to talk to you about Clara,” I said directly. She nodded. 
“How long do you think she’s got to go?” I asked.
“It could be today or a week from now, any day really,” she said calmly. 
“Ok, so what do I need to look out for?” I wanted to know if there were any signs. I needed to prepare myself, as well as Clara.
“When her labor starts, she will have contractions. They will be painful and will last for a minute or two. They will come at even intervals. Don’t worry, Rosa. Clara and I have discussed it all. She is as prepared as she is going to be.” Apella’s pale blue eyes were avoiding my gaze, her fair eyelashes lapsing over them longer than necessary. It didn’t surprise me that Clara had spoken to Apella. She didn’t subscribe to my dislike of the woman. Clara didn’t dislike anyone. 
I went to say thank you, but I couldn’t get the words out. It was like trying to rearrange my bones. It wouldn’t sit right. I stopped walking until Clara had caught up to me. She linked her arm in mine. 
“Find out anything interesting?” she said with a wink. I shook my head. Apella was useless. I felt like we were alone in this. We had a doctor, but she seemed to distance herself from the very real scenario we were about to face. I don’t think she had ever asked me how I was feeling or checked on the leech. I knew if things went wrong, I would do anything to help Clara. Even if that meant holding Apella at knifepoint while she assisted. 
I kept these violent thoughts to myself and walked. Monotonous trudging. Boots crunching gravel, sounding like scraping frost from the freezer. Walking, always walking.
“So you know you’re going to be an aunt soon,” Clara announced, beaming. If Joseph was liquid gold in my veins, Clara was light. Pure white light, shining through me and surrounding me. She lifted me because she was better than me. I was never going to be as fundamentally good as she was.
This word aunt meant very little to me. The way she spoke, sometimes, it was like she was from another world or another time, a place where families existed: aunts, uncles, and grandparents. 
“How’s that?” I asked.
“We are sisters,” she said, like it was the most normal thing in the world. “So when my baby is born, you will be an aunt.”
I was too touched by what she had said to make my normal sarcastic comments. Sisters. The word warmed me. Like I could hold my hands up to it and thaw my fingertips. I liked the sound of it. We were sisters and as soon as I had accepted it in my head, it was so. It was probably always the case, just without the label.
All I said was, “I suppose I will be.” 
I had a sister. I smiled to myself, letting a little light in, cracks starting to show in the stone.



Blood surrounds me, life-giving and life-taking. I am swimming in it and drowning in it. No matter what I do, I can never escape it.

Unfortunately for me, Apella walked with us for the next couple of days. Clara had asked her to and I couldn’t object. She was the only one who knew anything about what was going to happen to her.
The railway had started to lead us upwards. Grey rock dominated the landscape more and more. Joseph carried Clara most of the time. So our duo became a group. They talked amongst each other a lot, for which I was grateful. I didn’t need or want to talk to either Joseph or Apella. I wanted to be close to him but I still didn’t know what to say. Apella, I could have easily thrown out in the open. Let the choppers see her. As I got bigger, surprisingly, I felt stronger. Apella was a waif, her thin frame inviting me to snap her like a twig. I daydreamed that I threw her in the path of a passing helicopter, her perfect blonde hair whipping around her face, as a long claw reached down and pulled her from our group. But Clara wanted Apella close, so I kept my hands fisted at my sides and gritted my teeth through the polite conversations.
The choppers were fewer now. The last one we saw was a day behind us and I knew it wasn’t looking for us; it was carrying a giant curve of concrete wall. It twisted and swung in the wind, a somber arc. I wondered whether it was part of something they had torn down or something they were building. My mind went to all those girls we had left behind. Had some escaped? What about all the babies? The haunting question was—what were they going to do with all those children?
Around noon, we sat down for lunch. I ventured into the forest, searching for some berries I had tested out a few days ago. They were so sour, I felt my mouth salivating at the thought of them, but they weren’t poisonous and that was good enough for me. Joseph had started following me into the woods, asking questions about the plants. This was easier. I didn’t mind sharing this information and it gave us a way to communicate without touching on the subjects I couldn’t handle. Every now and then though, he looked at me like he wanted to say something more. I was good at reading those times and quickly changed the subject, bending down and picking up a leaf or a pinecone, shoving it in his consternated face and telling him to look at it. I knew he was frustrated with me. I knew it was only a matter of time before he confronted me, but not yet. I wasn’t ready, the leech made sure of that.
When I came back, they were all staring at the box like they were waiting for it to burst into song. There wasn’t much sun and it was taking a while to charge. Slowly, the light came on and they started preparing their lunch. I declined. I had some pine nuts, some dandelions, and the purple berries. I did take some water.
Clara inhaled her lunch. She then complained of a stomachache. So we sat with her for a while until she said it had passed. Just indigestion, she said. Just to be safe, I stayed right by her, exchanging worried glances with Apella.
It became increasingly difficult to walk off the railway line. On one side it fell away steeply. On the other side, we were looking up at the mountainside, straggly pines clinging to the loose, grey dirt. Pebbles constantly dripped down, pinging off the ground. The line was cut into the rock now. Alexei announced that we were not going to be able to hide anymore. We would have to take our chances in the open. We would be hard to spot anyway, all in grey except Alexei. We could hide against the cliff side if we heard the helicopters coming and be quite well camouflaged. 
As we rounded a bend, the line seemed to just stop. In front of us was a steep mountainside covered in grass with a heavily wooded peak that went on forever. Juvenile pines, only my height, stretched as far as the eye could see. I could no longer see the railway snaking its way up the mountain. It was a dead end. Without thinking, I grabbed Joseph’s arm. 
“What do we do?” I asked, pointing straight ahead and then letting my finger rise to the sky. This was our only plan. What would we do if there were no line to follow? 
“It’s all right, look a bit closer,” he said, chuckling. Sure enough, on closer inspection, I could see two black holes punched into the hill. Tunnels. The thought of being underground again filled me with dread. So much so that I didn’t know I was digging my fingernails into Joseph’s arm, clinging to him like a half-drowned animal. He gently put Clara down and grabbed both my shoulders. I was gasping for air. 
“Rosa, breathe slowly.” Joseph’s green eyes were locked with mine. I searched them, picking out flecks of gold, watching his eyelashes flutter and close. I concentrated on that, as I tried to slow down. 
“I can’t go in there,” I stammered, shaking. I was picturing all the earth piled on top of us. No air, no light.
“Ahhhhh,” Clara emitted a slow, painful sound. She was crouched on the ground, holding her stomach, rocking back and forth. Like that, I snapped out of it. This was no stomachache. Apella knelt down beside her and touched Clara’s enormous belly. She nodded to me. 
“We need to find some shelter,” Apella said. I knew there was only one place we could go. Joseph scooped Clara up in his arms and walked briskly towards the black holes. Deshi and Alexei were running ahead. They arrived at the tunnel and entered, disappearing into the blackness like it was a solid curtain. I shuddered. 
When I got to mouth of the tunnels, I peered in suspiciously. I couldn’t see a thing. Deshi clicked on his torch and scanned the area. A stone archway curved around and disappeared. There was no light, no end to it, only stark darkness. On both sides of the railway tracks, there was a narrow ledge built up with more carved stone blocks. It was dirty and black, hundreds of years of grime and smoke layering the surface. 
Apella spread out one of our blankets and rolled another one up for Clara to rest her head on. It was cold, damp, and completely uninviting. 
I had only one boot inside the tunnel and that was enough. I volunteered to collect some wood for a fire. They didn’t seem to hear me, too busy arranging Clara comfortably. I sighed in relief as I turned around, heading away from the darkness. Deshi was close behind me.
We collected the wood in silence. Large, dry branches had fallen from the straggly pines above and there was more than enough. Every now and then, we could hear Clara moaning in pain. The sound bellowing out of the entrance, like the tunnel itself was a dark mouth calling out to us. I told myself I had to go back, that I was being a coward. She was going to need me, but my feet were cemented to the ground. 
Deshi put his hand on my shoulder. “We better go back,” he said, his eyes full of concern for Clara. We had all grown to love her. You couldn’t help it. He actually had to pull me there quite forcefully, but we made our way back. 
What I saw when we got there was not what I had expected at all. Joseph was sitting next to Clara, holding her hand. “You’re doing great,” he said kindly, running his other hand through his hair adorably. It was an action that only I would recognize. Because even if he felt out of his depth, he wouldn’t show her. She didn’t know the little things he did that conveyed his nervousness, not like I did.
Clara beamed at him. “You’re lucky to be a man,” she said.
He chuckled. “Yeah, I think in this case that’s probably true.”
Clara turned to Apella, her face more serious, “How long now?” She patted her belly and leaned against the wall. 
Apella whispered something quietly to her. Clara frowned for a second and then cooed at her stomach, “Not ready to come out yet, are you? I know it’s safe and warm in there but Mama wants to meet you.” 
I tried not to roll my eyes at her and bent down to build a fire, watching its light transform the darkness, bringing warmth. Sometimes, Clara would close her eyes and make a noise. She was clearly in pain, but it never lasted very long. She was amazing. She made it look manageable. 
I moved to her other side and held her hand. She was sweating and pale but beautiful in the firelight. Showing a woman’s strength in a delicate vessel, holding strong like a warrior. I have never admired someone more.
But after a few hours of this, she was starting to get very tired. She slept between contractions, waking with a start and then falling unconscious when they ended. I fed her small sips of water and rubbed her back. 
Joseph was impressive; he helped her through every painful moment. Unlike Deshi, who was standing back from us like labor was catching.
Gritting her teeth, she screamed into the blanket. “C’mon,” Joseph said as he wiped the sweat from her forehead with his sleeve. “That was nothing. What’s all the noise about? You’re scaring the baby back in.” He winked at her. She let out a breathless laugh and tried to swat his arm. Even I had to laugh at that. They were so alike, never letting anything get to them, rising to the challenge like it was something they did every day. I touched my own stomach, wondering what lay ahead for me. I doubted I would handle things as well as Clara. Would I become an out-of-control, screaming mess? Would Joseph be able to cope with me being in that much pain? Would I even want him there?
Then it changed. The pain no longer seemed manageable. She was screaming and tearing at her clothes. One minute she wanted to stand, the next she was lying straight out on the cold, hard stone, her ear pressed to it like she was listening for something. I tried to talk to her, but it was like she had disappeared, retreated. She was in another zone—one filled with agony and waiting.
Apella asked us to get her to sit down. She needed to examine her. Clara was pacing back and forth. We gently coaxed her down to sitting.
“Is she ok? She’s acting crazy. Is this normal?” I asked, touching Apella’s rounded shoulder.
Apella didn’t look up. She was focused and talked as she worked, lying Clara down and covering her with a blanket. “She’s fine, she was like this in her last labor,” she said as she removed Clara’s boots and pants.
It hit me like a sledgehammer. I actually felt myself blown backwards against the stone wall, digging my nails into it, trying to find something to hold onto, to stop me. Stop.
Apella, unaware of the information she had let slip, peered between Clara’s legs, completely unaware of my growing anger.
“What do mean, her last labor?” I stammered, my lips barely able to commit to speaking. I was trembling with rage, with fear. This wasn’t Clara’s first pregnancy. I moved towards Apella, my body sliding off the edge, slow. I was so close to her face that I barely had to speak for her to hear me. 
“How many babies has she had?” I hissed through clenched teeth. She looked away, biting her lip. I grabbed her, squeezing her thin arms, hard. I pulled her away from Clara for a moment. “Look at me. How many?”
“Four,” she said in a barely audible whisper. She sighed it. Four. Like it could be exhaled and expelled from her conscience.
Before anyone could stop me, I slapped her as hard as I could. “You’re a monster,” I screamed, my voice echoing down the tunnel. “You deserved that and so much more.”
She touched her hand to the already bright red handprint on her pale cheek. “I know,” she said quietly as she returned to tending to Clara. Joseph had a hold of me now, but even he was struggling to hold me back. If he hadn’t, I would have strangled her.
Clara was sitting up now, looking at the three of us. Scared. I don’t think she heard us but she was startled out of her dream state by my screaming. I felt sick at the thought that she didn’t know. She didn’t know she’d had four babies taken away from her. It would kill her. I ran my fingers through my hair and tried to breathe when all I wanted to do was scream. Clara needed our help now. Whatever problems Apella and I had would have to wait.
I returned to Clara, wiping the sweat from her face. Her once springy curls were plastered to her forehead. I felt so protective of her. I wanted to wrap her up in a blanket and run away from here. Like if we ran fast enough, arms linked together, somehow we could escape the pain. Apella finished her examination. She said she didn’t have long to go. I was hoping she would say it was time to push, but no.
Clara said she wanted to stand so we tried to help her to her feet. The contractions were so close together she didn’t even get halfway up before she was screaming again. When she stood, I could see she was sitting in a pool of blood. I hadn’t noticed before that Apella and I were both bloodied as well. It was dripping over the ledge and onto the railway line, spreading like a ghastly, growing shadow.
Deshi and Alexei were standing back, keeping the fire going. They looked worried. We were all worried. 
Clara started to speak, in breathless whispers between the contractions. She was in so much pain; it was agonizing to see her this way. “I can’t, I can’t. It’s too hard, please,” she whispered.
Joseph took her burning face in his hands, forcing her to focus on him. “Listen to me, you can do this, it’s nearly over. Then you will see your baby.” She blinked once, listening to him. She took a deep breath and focused all her energy on this last task. The pains were on top of each other, leaving barely a second to breathe. But she stopped screaming. She bore down and took control. I could almost see light shining from within her. White hot in its intensity. 
It took two hours to get to the point where Apella said she could push. Clara was beyond exhausted, but the reminder that she would soon see her child sustained her right to the end. We lifted her tiny body to a squatting position, Joseph and I holding her up by her arms. It felt like holding nothing. She was air and light. Apella told her that on the next contraction she had to push. I don’t know where she found the strength, but she took a breath and let out an almighty scream. Joseph cried out that he could see the head. I closed my eyes. I couldn’t look.
Clara held herself in that position, waiting for the next assault of pain to tell her to push the baby’s body out. She did this quietly—eyes squeezed tightly shut, body and face tense. Her usually dark skin looked pale, ghostly in the firelight. And then there was a baby in Apella’s arms. A screaming creature, covered in blood and muck. Clara held out her hands eagerly and Apella placed the child across her chest. A boy.
Joseph was grinning at me. “You’re an aunt!” he said. I felt my own mouth creeping up at the corners, smiling too. It was over. Thank God it was over. I looked at him. I wondered if he found that as terrifying as I did, or whether he was looking forward to the birth of his own child. I leaned into Clara’s face and whispered, “I’m glad it’s a boy.” I was thankful there was not going to be a Rosa the Second running around.
She didn’t respond, too engrossed in the baby boy clinging to her chest. 
Apella was busy cutting the cord with instruments she pulled from her mysterious pack. So that’s what was in there, medical supplies. Joseph had walked over to Deshi and Alexei, all smiles, relieved. The baby screamed again. Clara was still. The poor girl must have been so tired. Her eyes were closed lightly, her arms haphazardly flopped across her body. I motioned to Alexei; he came staggering over like he’d just been in labor. “Can you take the baby? We should let her get some rest,” I said. He took the child, wrapping him up tightly, just his springy, black hair poking out the top of the blanket. Clara didn’t move. I swept the hair back from her face, her cold face. It left a smear of blood like a brand across her forehead. 
No.
I looked to Apella. She took Clara’s limp hand in her own, her fingers on her wrist, searching for a pulse. She shook her head minutely. She checked again, putting her head to Clara’s chest, tears forming and spilling down her cheeks. I stood. Joseph took broad steps towards me and I slipped, feeling cold liquid soaking into my clothes.
No, no, no.
The panic was rising. My mouth felt dry, bile rising in my throat. I slid off the ledge and pushed Apella out of the way. I grabbed both of Clara’s arms and pulled her towards me. “Wake up!” I yelled. Knowing she wouldn’t, knowing she couldn’t open her beautiful brown eyes and smile at me. The light was out. She slumped forward and fell to the side, limp like a ragdoll. Blood. There was so much blood. 
Somewhere inside of me, something snapped. It shattered and splintered, sending slithers of debris coursing through my veins, grating and fraying the sides. I held onto the metal bar of the railway line, like it was the only thing stopping me from sinking into the ground. The sun was rising, light penetrating the darkness, showing the devastation the night had hidden from our eyes. 
It was over. 
She was gone. 
My beautiful sister. 
I crumpled like a piece of paper in a flame, disintegrating to dust.



I don’t know how long I stayed there. I heard muffled voices—people moving around me, sharp rocks clunking dully together. 
Strong arms tried to pull me up from where I squatted, head between my knees, clinging to the rail. A baby cried. Someone punched the wall. I stayed there still. 
The light was touching my hands, bare-knuckle white. My body tensed. Someone was talking to me, but it was like I was underwater. His voice warbled and I couldn’t make sense of it. 
I was teetering on the edge of a precipice, wind in my hair, staring down into blackness. With all my courage, all my energy, I made the choice. I let go and I let myself fall, endlessly falling, cold air pulling my hair up over my head.
One finger at a time, detached. Tick, tick, tick. Heavy cloth shrouded me. 
He picked me up in a blanket and walked outside. Silent. It was bright. I closed my eyes and focused on his footfalls on the solid earth. Thump, thump, thump. I felt us descending. I opened my eyes and it was cooler, darker. 
He lay me down gently, kissing me on the forehead. I felt numb with no senses, like there was a barrier between me and the outside world. He rolled my shirt up and pulled it over my head. The cotton stuck to my skin. Carefully, he used his hands to peel it away from my stomach and chest, push, pry, rip. A faint copper scent stung my nose. He stood me up, removed my boots and trousers, dunking everything in the shallow pond he had brought us to. I sat there. Blank. Cold. Watching the water change from clear to pink and then clear again as it washed away. Washed her away.
He soaked a cloth in water, and begun carefully wiping the rust-colored blood from my body. I didn’t care anymore. I let him touch me, lifting my arms, turning my head, pulling my hair back and cleaning my neck. He did it all slowly and deliberately. There was no charge in his touch. This was a kindness to one who was broken. 
When he was done, he wrapped me in the blanket and propped me up against a tree trunk like a wooden puppet. I watched, disconnected, as he soaked my clothes and rinsed them until the water ran clear. 
He gathered me up, in only my underclothes and a blanket, and slung my wet uniform over his shoulder, taking me back into the sunlight.



The world was grey. The color washed away, dripping down the sides of the trees like it was soaking back into the earth. I moved through the world but not in it. 

We kept walking, leaving it all behind. 
We walked through the darkness for miles. When the light started to show at the end, I took up my initial position, clinging to the rails. I didn’t want the light on me. It burned my eyes. Coward, coward, coward, the light screamed, balancing a slant over my face. You couldn’t save her.
From then on, he carried me as much as his strength would allow and, after his arms trembled under my weight, he held my hand and led me like a child. I followed him. I let him carry me. The fight in me was gone. 
He talked as he walked but I didn’t listen. I couldn’t hear him from behind the wall. Occasionally a baby’s cries would punch through, but only for a second before it closed over, enveloping me in buffered sounds. 
I wanted to speak but the words were buried. With her. If I could have cried or talked about it, maybe I would have healed faster. But nothing came. 
I kept expecting her arm to link in mine, to hear her voice telling me to snap out of it. She believed things would work out. She was wrong.
I walked, ate, and slept, but that was all. My eyes focused on something far away. Just over the hill, just behind a tree, never on what was in front of me, or who was walking beside me.
At night I slept by the fire, my body warm but shaking uncontrollably. Closing my eyes brought on nightmares soaked in blood. He lay with me, holding my arms down to stop me from hurting myself. He spoke but all I could hear was calming whispers. No words. 
I tried to recede to the point where nothing could reach me, but something was always tugging, pulling at my shirt, trying to drag me back into the light. But without her, the light was dull, insipid, lying over the forest like a silty blanket.
For weeks, I stayed inside myself. Joseph tried to coax me out, but even he stopped trying after a while. On the twenty-third day, I heard words. My head rose above the waves of my grief and I heard them talking. 
Apella was cooing to the child. 
“You’ll make a wonderful mother to little Gabriel,” a stuttering voice said lovingly. Gabriel?
I kicked my feet, trying to keep my head above water a little longer. 
“Thank you, darling, you will make a wonderful father too.” Apella’s sweet voice was like a booming bell, reverberating and hurting my ears.
“His name is Hessa,” I said, my voice a tiny crackle. 
Everyone stared. Apella sheltered the child in her arms, like she thought I was going to hurt him. I wasn’t going to hurt him. The couple was sitting, cradling the child under a tree. It was a spring sapling that was bending and swaying in the breeze, making shushing noises as the leaves grazed each other. Apella was holding a bottle full of grey liquid, which the baby was sucking. My head fractured as I thought of our grey milkshakes. 
The trees were no longer grey, the color returning slowly. Green leaves touched by sunlight. I moved towards the couple on my hands and knees, aware that Joseph was behind me, shadowing my movements. I sat back on my heels and gently folded the grey blanket they had wrapped him in away from his face. He had springy, black hair, caramel-colored skin, and big blue eyes. He looked just like her and nothing like her at the same time. He was definitely All Kind. But it was there, that light had passed to the child. It shone in and around him, protecting him, announcing him as Clara’s son. I held out my arms. Apella shook her head. But Joseph was right there. So was Deshi. 
“Let her hold him,” he said quietly but with force. Deshi was standing next to Joseph, looming over Apella with a stern look on his face. They both knew I would never hurt the child. I think Apella knew it too—that wasn’t the reason she didn’t want me to hold him.
Apella gently handed the bundle to me, uttering “careful,” as she let go of the child painfully slow. I peered at his face, pulling one of his arms out of the blanket and letting him wrap his fingers around my own. That touch wrapped around me like a bright white chain, binding me light as a feather but strong. I knew this child was mine. I was his family now. 
“Hessa,” I whispered as I traced his tiny lips with my finger. I turned to Apella and Alexei’s pleading faces. I did not relish the disappointment I was about to bestow upon them. “You know you can’t keep him,” I said plainly, not meaning to repeat the words I had spoken to Clara back when we were underground. After everything she had done, what she had kept from us, this was not Apella’s redemption. She was not his family and had no place in his life. I knew now why Clara had named me her sister.
Apella didn’t speak. For the first time, that perfect facade contorted as she burst into tears. It lasted all of thirty seconds, then she patted her tears, straightened her clothes, and walked away. Alexei followed. 
I held the child, not overcome by the decision I had made. It was simple. It was fact. It was the easiest thing I had ever done. I felt two distinct hands on my shoulders.
“Welcome back, zombie,” Deshi said with a grin. He looked tired and thin.
“I’m sorry,” I said, without looking away from Hessa. “I’m sorry it took me so long.” 
“Don’t be sorry. We’re just glad you’re back,” Joseph said, smiling. “So you’re a mother now.” There was a hopeful glint at the end of his sentence and I knew what he was thinking, but I wasn’t sure this changed anything. 
“No. Not a mother, an aunt,” I said, already feeling something absolute solidifying inside me, love. Joseph shrugged, seeming to accept that was all I could manage for now. He ran his hands through my hair and tied it back with a piece of twine, my skin buzzing from that barest touch.
“Thank you,” I said, feeling a bubble of that liquid gold pushing through my veins. I looked at his earnest eyes, green with flecks of gold, and wondered if he would always be this patient with me. If I pushed him away now—would he come back? I held out my free hand for him to hold, which he took eagerly but gently. It was an uphill battle and the gold rose and receded, not quite able to push past the pain. 
“Are you all right?” Joseph asked. I looked down at Hessa. The baby blinked uncomfortably as drops of water hit his perfect little face. I thought it was rain at first, quickly realizing they were tears. For the first time since I had watched my sister slip away, I cried. I rocked the child and let it all out. I saw her face as she left me; I saw her face in her son. But it was not painful to see him. It was comforting. She would always be here with us, in him. The boys sat back and let me go until I could cry no more, my face red and salty.
Hessa was sleeping. Peaceful. He was unaware of our journey. For him, home was under the trees. He had never seen the grey walls of Pau or the Classes, never seen the towering, concrete prison of the rings. He could have a free childhood. It was an exciting prospect and it motivated me even more than before. 
Joseph filled me in on what I had missed. We had covered a lot of ground but there was still a lot ahead of us. Looking around, it seemed the scenery had opened up a lot. We were sitting at the edge of a field, tall grass and saplings dominating the landscape. It was much flatter than before and it made me feel exposed.
“Have there been any more choppers?” I asked. I felt foolish for not knowing, for being so unaware of my surroundings.
“No,” Deshi replied. He was preparing a bottle, spooning the grey sludge from the box in and watering it down, giving it a sharp shake. 
Hessa awoke with a start, screaming. I panicked—had I done something? Deshi saw the fright in my eyes and answered my question. 
“He’s hungry,” Deshi said as he opened his arms. I gently handed the child over and watched as Deshi adeptly fed and changed the child. He played with him for a while and then rocked him to sleep, placing him, tightly wrapped, in an emptied-out backpack. He looked at the child with a love that was unmistakable. 
Joseph laughed at me, which I didn’t appreciate. “It’s just a baby, Rosa. You don’t need to be afraid of it. It cries, eats, and needs to be changed.” I had a bit of catching up to do. “Don’t worry, we’ll all help you.”
Hessa now had three parents.
Apella returned, her face composed but shaky, her lip quivering unappealingly as she spoke. “I know I can’t keep him. I know I don’t deserve him but I want to help. Will you let me help you?” She was humbled to the point of begging. I wanted to say no. But something softened in me. I would need all the help I could get. I wasn’t going to be her friend. I was never going to like her—but I could use her.
“Sure,” I said, deliberately trying to sound like I didn’t care. But I would be watching them both. We all would.
Watching Hessa sleeping on top of the backpack gave me an idea. It wouldn’t do for him to sleep like that, and we needed the backpack to carry other supplies.
“Can I have a knife?” I asked, surprised faces all around. I guess it was hard going from zombie to fully functioning human without people wondering whether you were insane. 
Deshi searched around the site and found one. I set to work cutting down some of the bendy green saplings. As soon as I cut into the trunk, the right feeling was overwhelming. I ran my hand over the trunk, enjoying every little bump. I had missed this. I sliced through the sapling, sticky sap oozing from its wounds. I cut down about eight small trees and went to work skinning them and bending them. I know everyone probably wanted to get moving but they let me work. I must have looked possessed. I didn’t speak. I just worked. I bent the wood into the shape I desired and tied it with the tough grass we were surrounded by. I felt like I was made for this. I saw things differently to the others. I could see there was a life to be made out here. The forest was abundant and provided everything we needed.
When I was finished, I cut up one of our blankets, trying hard not to picture its last use. With a pointed stick and more grass, I sewed it into my cradle to make a lining. I had made a crude capsule. I sewed strips onto the underside so that it could be carried on my back. It wasn’t pretty but it would work. We slipped Hessa inside it still wrapped. He was cozy and protected. 
Apella put her hand up timidly. “Are you sure that is safe for a baby? He is so tiny. What if he slips out the bottom?” Both Joseph and I glared at her and she sealed her lips. 
“It’s amazing!” Joseph said, congratulating me. “I had no idea you could make something like that.”
“Well, this is what I was going to do. Before…” I said. He looked at me sadly. I wished he would stop punishing himself. This was not his fault. None of it was. I didn’t blame him, but I couldn’t look at our situation the way he did, the way Clara did. It was not a blessing. 
I grabbed his shoulders, heat pulsing through my fingertips, having to stand on my tiptoes to look him in the eye, my stomach touching his. 
“This isn’t your fault,” I said. “Don’t look at me like you need to make up for something—you don’t.” I sounded angry, which is not what I meant. I just wanted to release him from this obligation he felt, this guilt.
He smirked. “There she is,” he said. He always confused me with his reaction to my anger. Like he enjoyed it or at the very least, expected it. I let him go and laughed. He was so annoying, so charming. 
Deshi volunteered to carry Hessa first and I didn’t object. I was tired from all that work and could not ignore my heaviness and awkwardness. Over the last three weeks, I felt like I had doubled in size. It got in the way of everything and it moved more and more, less like a kick and more like a stretching of my skin, squashing my organs and bruising my insides. 
I was even more frightened of it than I was before. Especially after seeing what Clara had gone through and how it had ended. I had to hope that I would not suffer the complications that killed her, but even the idea of all that pain was too much to consider. I tried really hard to put it out of my head. I had some time and there was no point in worrying about something that was out of my control.
There were miles of track in front of us. It stretched as far as the eye could see. I felt Clara’s arm link in mine. I imagined her dragging me forward. I looked at Hessa’s beautiful little face poking out of his capsule. He was content, shadows of leaves playing games with his eyes. I felt a surge of energy with the revelation that his happiness and that look on his face had to be maintained. No matter what, we had to protect this child.



Clara, I miss you so much. I wake up and I’m trying to find you. Where are you now? I need to make sense of what happened to you but there are no answers. I hope I am doing what you wanted. I know I can never replace you. I won’t even try. But I promise, I will treasure Hessa, we all will. Please don’t leave me.

The days took on a peaceful current. Being so focused on caring for Hessa left no room for arguments. We took turns carrying him and feeding him. I let Deshi change him, finding the stench created by drinking that grey stuff too powerful for my sensitive nose. Joseph stoically offered to wash out the soiled cloths but made a loud fuss as he ran, holding them in front of him, pinching his nose.
The nights were harder. I insisted on sleeping with Hessa. I needed to hold him; scared he would disappear if I let him go in the darkness. Even though Apella promised she wouldn’t run away with him, I didn’t trust her. I held the child close, tucking him into my sleeping bag every night.



I woke up to yelling. Hands frantically waving, Apella said, “Rosa, put Hessa down.”
“Yes, gently,” Alexei stammered.
“Easy now, don’t panic,” Joseph said, although his eyes said differently.
“For goodness sake!” Deshi cried out. 
Four pairs of panicked eyes were all stalking me slowly. Deshi had his arms out, eyes wide with terror. He was edging closer, taking tiny, timid steps that didn’t disturb the dirt around his feet. Approaching me, as I imagine, one would approach a wild animal that was about to charge. Joseph was standing across the fire. “Rosa, stop.” My head was muddled—stop what? I looked directly in front of me. I had Hessa in my hands. I was holding the plump little baby out in front of me over the fire. The heat was starting to hurt my hands.
“Oh no!” I exclaimed as I pulled the baby towards me and held him close, his too warm face pressed into my neck. I recalled my dream, feeding the fire that I had made in the tunnel. In my arms was a piece of wood; I had nearly flung Hessa onto the flames. I couldn’t believe what I had almost done. Deshi stormed over to me and took the baby out of my arms. I let Hessa go without a fight. Deshi was distraught. I felt the sting of disconnection. Without the light, I felt myself crumbling again. 
“That’s it! I’m sorry, Rosa, but it’s too dangerous. I could put up with the screaming and the nightmares but you could hurt him. You can’t sleep with him anymore,” Deshi said, telling me off like a child. 
“I’m sorry, it’s the dreams. I can’t control it. He needs me,” I pleaded, lying selfishly. I knew the truth was—I needed him. It was no use anyway. Deshi put Hessa before everything else. As he should. As I should. I knew I couldn’t put the child in danger. Deshi tucked the beautiful baby in with him, muttering to himself about me being easier to handle when I was a zombie. Hessa cried for a second but Deshi patted his head and soon they were both asleep. Apella and Alexei waited until they knew Hessa was safe then went back to sleep, exhausted from all the walking. 
Joseph had returned to his sleeping bag; he lay with his arms folded behind his head. His eyelids fluttered as sleep found him. His strong arms looked so appealing to me. I wanted to curl up next to him and lay my head on his muscled chest but I stopped myself. It was only inviting more pain, confusing an already extremely confusing situation.
I climbed back in my bag, knowing sleep would not come easy to me that night. Missing that warm, precious baby lying with me, I felt lost. I watched the fire, the way the orange light curled and consumed. Without fail, it found a way to devour its fuel. I closed my eyes and the flames licked up the wall of the blackened tunnel, hunting me down, singeing my flesh. Heart thumping in my chest, I opened them again. 
I picked up a stick and traced shapes in the ground. Concentric circles, things we left behind. How long would I feel this way? If I let go of the pain, was I forgetting her? When I looked at Hessa’s face, when he grabbed my hand, I felt a joy I had never felt before. Then immediately, guilt would follow, knowing that I could see these moments in his life and Clara could not. 
I thought about when I first met her. Those beautiful dolls painted on the wall. Her giggly exterior hiding such wisdom. I pulled a knife out of the pack. My eyes fell upon Joseph’s resting face again. They wandered over his body, taking in the things I could not when he was awake. His fair skin was looking darker from the sun, tiny freckles forming over the bridge of his nose. And of course, he was smiling, even in his sleep. 
“You know, if you’re going to kill me, you should just get it over with,” he said, propping himself up on his elbows, his voice low, trying not to wake the others. I jumped, startled, and dropped the knife.
“I wasn’t, I mean, oh you know I wasn’t.” I was so embarrassed that he’d seen me staring at him. 
“You so beautiful when you blush,” he said, staring into the fire. Watching him now, it was clear. He was no longer the boy I met in Pau. He was sure of himself, strong. I wished I had that confidence.
“I wish you wouldn’t say things like that,” I said, throwing the stick in the fire, watching it wrap its orange and yellow flames around the thin arm of wood and draw it into the heat.
Joseph sat up and pulled himself out of the bag. He made his way over and sat down with a thud. He gently nudged me with his shoulder. “Why?” I found it surprising that he didn’t know the answer to that question.
I picked up a stumpy piece of wood and retrieved the knife from the edge of the fire. Brushing the dirt off the blade, I began working my way into the bark. Carefully stripping away the outer layers, the dark grey skin peeled away easily.
“It just makes it harder to...” I wasn’t sure what to say next so I let the words fall away to silence.
“To resist me,” he said jokingly, raising his eyebrows. 
I carefully dug the knife in at an angle, slicing away at the bone-colored flesh, removing small pieces and flicking them into the fire. “Well, yes, I suppose.” My nervousness at this conversation was showing, my legs rattling uncontrollably. I wanted to be calm. Cooler. 
“Oh,” he said, half-laughing, half-sighing. “Why do you have to?” he asked genuinely. 
I whittled the wood further, using the thin edge of the knife to smooth out the shape. Adding sharper angles, refining and defining the shape I was trying to bring forth from the timber.
“Because I know what you want and I’m not sure I can give it to you. Whatever I feel, it doesn’t matter. I’m carrying your child and you want that child. I just don’t know if I want it. If I could even tolerate it,” I blurted out in one breath. I had hoped I could say it better, but it was too late to take it back.
“Rosa, you are so frustrating.” He was angry—I knew he would be. “I know you have been through hell and I know you don’t know whether you can love this baby.” I wasn’t expecting that. He took my hand in his. “We have months before we have to face that problem. I’m not going to force you to make a choice. Just tell me...” He stuttered over the last part, trying to choose his words carefully. “How do you, I mean, um, do you love me?” He removed his hand from mine and clasped his own two hands together tightly, awaiting my reply.
There it was. I could have lied. Perhaps I should have, but he was looking at me so intensely, his beautiful eyes searching mine. Begging me for an answer. “You know I do,” I whispered, feeling the blood run to my face. Feeling the gravity of my words anchoring me.
His laugh boomed out across the forest. Our traveling companions stirred in their sleep, but thankfully they did not wake. I was shocked—what was so funny about that?
“Why are you laughing at me?” I said, glaring at him, unconsciously waving the knife in his face. 
“I’m sorry, but I can’t believe you would think that, somehow, I would know that you loved me. You are always pushing me away.” I suppose that was true, but I had always thought he knew why I was doing that, that my feelings were obvious. I was trying to protect him. Then I remembered that day, when Clara told me that I’d hurt him. That he thought I was in love with Rash, which was ridiculous. Perhaps it was obvious, only to her, how much I cared for him. I held my heart, feeling pain creeping in.
Joseph’s face flickered with concern. “You ok?” he asked.
I nodded. “It’s just...Clara,” I whispered. He nodded in agreement. Sometimes the pain was physically crippling. I wondered if he was scared I would regress to that shadow state again. I wouldn’t. I couldn’t
“So what do we do?” he said as he pressed his cheek to mine. I leaned into it, feeling liquid gold rising. Like the sun, I had no power to stop it. What could we do? 
I used the point of the knife to create swirls, working the curves into the wood, linking each curl together in a flowing pattern. “I’m open to suggestions.” I shrugged in a failed attempt to look unaffected. It wasn’t working. Nothing would work now. I had said the words. My heart was beating so fast at the realization that I couldn’t stand the idea of him walking away from me now. If he said we had to stop, I would fall to pieces. But if I chose him now, what would happen in two months?
“Well, if we love each other then we should be together.”
“You say it like it’s so simple.”
“It is.”
I wasn’t sure what to say. There was the future to consider, but I had resolved not to think about it. We didn’t know what would happen next. If I died tomorrow, I knew I would regret not saying yes to him tonight. Was it simple? I carved the dent of a chin into my piece of wood, scraping the neck down. It needed to be thinner. I closed my eyes. Threatening myself. Just speak. It would be better to lose this, than to not have had it at all.
“Ok,” I managed to utter softly. 
He raised his eyebrows. He was surprised. I guess he didn’t always know what I was going to do. I smiled at him. He pulled me towards him in a tight embrace, my stomach, as always, getting in the way. 
“Rosa, thank you,” was all he said. It was relief and fear mixed together. I knew that now I had made this choice, there was no going back. Everything that I had held back came spilling over. I allowed the liquid gold to spread throughout my body, finding its way in the dark. Opening me up, making me brave and vulnerable. It felt good.
“Will you lie with me?” I asked.
“Of course,” he said, still surprised. I watched him nervously and clumsily zip the bags together. Stumbling over the logs we had stacked for the fire. He was the sweetest man I could have found. I let it in. I let him in. I would let it heal me. 
I gently placed the piece of wood and knife on the ground by the fire. I would finish her tomorrow.
Joseph lay down and I curled up in his arms. He swept my hair back from my ear, tiny tendrils of electricity making me shiver. He whispered, “I love you.” There was no urgency, no pain to his voice. It was simple. I knew this was where I should be, probably where I was always supposed to be. I didn’t reply, but placed his hand to my heart, hoping nightmares would not find me that night.



To say I was happy wouldn’t be the right word. It was more like, once I had made that choice, I felt released. Released from the angst of denying myself something I had wanted so very much. A pressure in my heart let out. I felt normal. 
Joseph still irritated me, with his permanently cheery outlook and terrible sense of humor. That would probably never change. But I never understood why anyone would want to be with someone who was the same as them anyway. I think that would be the worst of all. Always agreeing, never having someone challenge you. I would die of boredom. But when he held my hand, or sidled up behind me and whispered in my ear, I disappeared into a bath of gold. I still thought of Clara constantly, but I was sure this was the path she had been trying to put me on ever since we were found in the forest. 



When we awoke, our confessions, our decisions, were laid out for everyone to see. But there was no interest in our sleeping arrangements whatsoever. I don’t know what I was expecting, perhaps a raised eyebrow or a sarcastic comment from Deshi, but none was forthcoming. It didn’t bother Joseph. Maybe they expected it would happen eventually. I don’t why it should have mattered, but I didn’t like the idea that people thought they knew what I was going to do.
After nearly throwing Hessa in the fire, I resolved to spend as much time with him as I could during the day. Not being able to sleep with him was hard and I was determined to make up for what I’d nearly done. I had almost finished my gift last night when I was interrupted. So I picked up the knife and carved the last details into her face and clothing while the others were eating breakfast. 
There. I was done. Joseph put his hand over mine. I withdrew sharply, not used to allowing his touch. His eyes widened, worried that I had changed my mind. 
“Sorry, old habits,” I said, turning to him and holding out my hand for him to take. 
“It’s ok,” he said, slapping my hand away, “but that wasn’t what I was after.” He held out his hand, palm upwards. I placed her on top. “Wow!” he exclaimed as he turned it around in his fingers, tracing her hair and face, smiling to himself. “It looks just like her. Rosa, it’s beautiful.”
“Thanks,” I said shyly. I walked over to Deshi, who was arranging Hessa in the cradle. “Here, it’s for Hessa.” I handed the carved doll to Deshi. He eyed it suspiciously. “It’s ok; I used a really hard wood so even if he chews on it, it won’t harm him.” 
Deshi took the doll, examining it carefully, and then smiled. “It does look very much like his mother,” he said as he held it in front of Hessa, who grasped at it and then proceeded to slobber all over her head. “You’re sure it’s safe?” he asked.
“Absolutely,” I assured him.
I left them to pack up, announcing that I wanted to collect a few things for the walk, some nuts and fruit I had seen growing a few hundred meters away. Joseph offered to go with me, but I said I would be fine. He could keep packing and I wouldn’t be very long. I walked towards the blossoms I had seen in the distance, hoping they would be wild apple. As I approached them, I could hear the soft padding of feet behind me. I felt the hairs on the back of rise, thinking it was an animal. I turned around slowly and was face to face with Alexei. 
“You scared me,” I sighed as I moved to the tree to collect the fruit.
“Sorry, just thought you could use some help,” he said, unconvincingly. 
“Um, all right, well just put the apples in your pack and I’ll collect those nuts over there.” I left him, but he followed me. I spun around and faced him, “What’s going on, Alexei, you’re not being very helpful. What do you actually want?” He obviously wanted to talk to me about something and I was never one to wait. I wanted him to get on with it. He fumbled around with his reader. “Spit it out!” I said, probably a bit too impatiently. 
“It’s about Apella,” he said quietly. Of course it was. “I was wondering if you would let her spend more time with Gab...I mean, Hessa?” What a question, I thought.
“No. I don’t think so. Sorry.” I shook my head. I didn’t trust either of them. 
“I know you think she’s a bad person but she’s not. If you understood more about her, maybe you would see things differently—maybe you would see her as I do.” He was pleading with me now, hands shaking. I didn’t want to know anything about her. I couldn’t feel sorry for her, but I suspected he wasn’t going to give me a choice. He sat down under the blossoms. An odd frame for his nervous, thin body. Flowers kept falling down around him, floating like snowflakes and landing in his thinning hair. 
“When I met Apella, we were both at the Classes. She was a brilliant scientist, studying Medical. I was in the uppers also, training for Intelligence. We were lucky enough to be sent to the same town and were preparing for marriage and a child. But after years of trying, it was apparent that it was not going to happen for us. Apella left me.” He paused, reliving some painful memory. I tried really hard not to say that he would have been better off. He would have. “She was pulled into a secret project for Superior Este and I was left to manage the archives in Ring Eight of Casuarina.”
I wanted to stop him there. I could see where this was going.
He continued, “Apella was developing ways to help infertile couples conceive, working closely with Este and Semmez. At some point, she realized what they were really trying to do and that’s when they took me.” He stopped and engaged my eyes, slowly lifting up his shirt to reveal hundreds of tiny scars, burn marks. I winced and motioned for him to cover himself back up.
“They held me hostage for two years, threatening to kill me if she stopped making progress on the project. You see, she didn’t want to do this to you, Rosa. It was never her intention for her research to be used in this way,” he explained.
“But she let it happen. She didn’t try and stop them. To preserve your life, hundreds have had to suffer.” I couldn’t abide her choice. 
“I know you think she’s selfish, but she really didn’t know until it was too late. After they had impregnated the first round of girls, Apella dedicated all her time to caring for them, giving up her senior research role to become a nurse.” I shuddered at the words ‘first round’. 
“After they let me go, we thought it would be over.” Alexei sighed, showing his weariness. I did pity him. 
“What? They let you go?” I was confused. I thought they had run away to save Alexei. Little bits of the truth kept getting lost. Their lies running through every conversation we’d ever had. “Why did you run, then?”
“We’re not matched. We’re too genetically similar and they were never going to allow us to use the technology to have a child together. If we were ever going to have a chance at a family, we had to escape,” he admitted, the truth coming out at last. They ran just so they could have a baby. 
“So Joseph and I…” I said, following a single blossom twirling to the ground.
“It is very rare for people from the same town to be matched, but the two of you are so genetically different, the computer selected you as an ideal match.” He finished my thought for me. I laughed. It was not news to me that Joseph and I were different.
It didn’t make much sense. Now that they were on the run, they would not have access to the technology needed to conceive that child they so desperately wanted—there was something missing from his story. 
“So, what, the plan was to steal Clara’s baby all along?” I could feel the rage boiling up inside me. How could this possibly make me sympathetic to her? I hated her even more. Had she let Clara die? I pushed Alexei and he fell backwards to the ground, jarring his arms to break his fall. The curtain of blossoms fell more rapidly to the earth as I pushed through them. I stood over him, considering calling for Joseph and Deshi to come help me, stalling as I watched him fumbling around, trying to find his glasses in the dirt. 
“No, no. Apella loved Clara. She wanted to give her a chance with her baby. We knew it was a risk, but Clara was never going to leave your side,” he stammered. It was slightly hilarious that this six-foot-two man was afraid of me. “Now that Clara’s gone, she wants to try and make it up to her, care for Hessa as her own. Hessa would be a brother to our child.” 
“Apella’s pregnant?” My voice ran high, coasting along a wave of disbelief and anger.
He just looked at me with his sickly blue eyes, so pale they were almost clear. He gave a diminutive nod, confirming my suspicions. 
Ugh! I felt sick. Was I always to be surrounded by gooey-eyed pregnant women and expectant fathers? I put my foot to his chest, pushing down. It was unbelievable to me the things people were willing to sacrifice for a child. Lie, steal, risk lives. At the same time though, I knew I would have done anything to protect Hessa. I eased off, a little. 
How many lives had she ruined so that she could have this child? Too many to count.
“So why aren’t they scouring the wilderness to find you two traitors?” I asked. There were so many questions. 
“Apella and I are inconsequential to the project now. They have everything they need to continue. My guess is, they don’t believe us to be alive. Clara was on her fourth pregnancy, she was to be disposed of after this child and you…well.”
I never got used to it. The way the Superiors treated us like we were nothing. Vessels to be used and disposed of. What was the purpose of all of this? Where was it leading?
“What about me?” I was afraid to ask. 
His pale face twisted, his nose wiggling like a mouse. He ran his hand through his fair hair, coming up with a handful of flowers. Shaking them off, he told me, “Well, you were always considered slightly defective because of your extraordinary eyes. You were an experiment. The babies they are aiming for are more like Hessa, an interesting combination of characteristics, blue eyes, light brown skin. If your eye colors were passed to your child, you would no longer be useful.” He put his head down, ashamed, as he should be.
I was defective, in the Superiors’ minds. I stood taller. Out here, those things didn’t matter. I searched myself. Letting my eyes follow one blossom, drowsily wandering to the earth, picking up minute winds and changing direction. I think I liked being defective.
“What about Joseph and Deshi? Won’t they be looking for them?” I asked, thinking they must be missing us by now. 
“I don’t know,” he said honestly.
I only had one more question. “What exactly is the Project?”
“The Project is the Woodlands way to become as they have always wanted,” he wheezed. “To be All Kind. They use the samples to create the perfect race, a raceless race where every child will look almost the same. They have around four-hundred girls at the moment. Each girl can produce an indefinite amount of children.”
I gulped. My mind was spinning. 
“Do you remember when they took all the eldest children about eight or nine years ago?” I nodded. Of course I remembered. I drew a breath, which cut my lungs sharply.
“Well, that’s where it started. Those children were the first test subjects.”
I couldn’t believe it. A lot of those kids were only well, kids.
“Apella worked very hard perfecting her methods. Her technology is flawless,” he said. I tried to control my rolling stomach at the thought of what ‘perfecting her methods’ may have actually involved for those poor children. “And Este has taken that technology to another, dreadful level. There will be no need to continue interracial marriage or breeding. No need for breeding at all.”
“I don’t understand,” I said, feeling like I was drowning in this information. I shook the droplets of horrible revelations from my hair. “What about the children in towns now?” I thought of my mother and her baby. 
Alexei, the bearer of bad tidings said, “They will be fine. But it is the end of families. Soon, they will announce no children can be conceived after a certain date. The one-child law was a way to wind things down and get the first test subjects. Now they will stop women having any babies outside of the Project.” He paused, speculating, “Something in the water maybe…” His eyes wandered.
I guess they could. They had enough girls to produce the children required to make this work and they were always going to have a fresh supply. 
I was reeling. Feeling faint. I dropped the apples and the nuts I’d collected. They fell with a dull thud in the dirt. I stepped off Alexei and he breathed a sigh of relief. I felt myself being sucked into a black hole, pulled backwards in time and space. Angered and frightened. The arrogance of the Superiors. It was insane. It was as I had always suspected. We were not protected—we were controlled. I felt a cloud of nausea hit me and I fell. Joseph caught me under my arms and sat me down on the ground. 
They had come to find me.
I turned and vomited, physically purging myself of the information I had just heard. I wiped my mouth inelegantly. 
“How long have you been standing there?” I asked.
“Long enough,” Deshi replied, glaring in Alexei’s direction. Joseph looked sympathetic, like he could see the two sides, his brows pulling together in consternation. So many lies. Part of me wished I hadn’t heard the story. The thought of all those girls, walking in line like zombies. What a miserable future they had in front of them. I couldn’t bear it.
“Where’s Hessa?” I asked. 
“He’s with Apella,” Deshi said. 
My feelings for her were confused. She was weak and selfish, yes. But she was just a pawn in a much bigger and disturbing plan. I was not able to forgive her, I’m not sure I ever would, but I understood her better.
I said plainly, “I will think about what you asked.”
Joseph handed Alexei his glasses, which he put on, dirt still clinging to the thin wire frames. He walked past me, without saying a word. I was tempted to say boo to his back, to see if he would scamper away.
Joseph lugged me to my feet. “I think you scared him,” he said, lips crooked to the side, a wicked glint in his eye.
“Good.”
I started to think that Joseph, Deshi, and I needed to make a plan—one that didn’t involve Apella or Alexei.



Lying with Joseph by the fire, it was hard to concentrate. I needed to ask him a question, but I kept forgetting my words. His lips on my neck, his hand running up and down my forearm, the gold took over and I lost my place. I grabbed his hand and stopped him, difficult as it was. 
“I want to talk to you and Deshi.” My eyes looked to Deshi and Hessa, sleeping peacefully, light snuffly snoring coming from the beautiful baby.
“Uhuh…” he managed, as he ran the tip of his nose along my earlobe, I shivered. “Stop it!” I whispered harshly, squeezing his wrist. He stopped. 
“What is it?” he asked, unapologetic. 
I looked over to make sure Apella and Alexei were asleep and whispered, “I think we should leave them.”
I could feel him shaking his head behind me. “No, we can’t. I know you don’t like to think about it, but that baby is coming. We will need Apella’s help when the day comes.”
I thought about it. “But she pretty much left Clara to die. What makes you think she wouldn’t let me die too?” If it came to that. I felt my body tensing. 
Joseph loosened his hold on me and whispered, “You’re not remembering things clearly. You were in shock. Think back to that morning.” His voice was steady.
I didn’t want to.
“I can’t,” I said, feeling my breathing getting quicker. It was a strangling feeling. The idea of remembering that day squeezed the air out of me.
He pulled me closer, warm arms encircling me, lulling me into a false sense of security. “I think you need to.”
I closed my eyes. Memories of the darkness, the fire, the noise, filtered in. I remembered voices. They came back to me in snippets, pieces of time cut out and brought back to me, frayed and dirty.
“Come on, breathe.”
Muffled thuds, compressions.
“What can I do?” A calm voice, strong. Joseph.
“Put your hand there,” she said.
“Where?”
“Yes, there, push down. Hard. Harder than that. We need to slow the bleeding. Rub while you compress. There may be a clot.”
“Thump, thump, thump.”
The memory floated away, as did the voices, flying out the tunnel, softer and softer until there was silence.
“Oh!” I gasped. After I had given up and clung to the rails, disconnected. Apella had returned to try and save Clara.
Joseph was quiet for a while. He was stroking my arm. My eyes were heavy. I could feel myself drifting off. Then he stopped.
“You know, we had to pull her off Clara. She never gave up.”
Sleep was yanked away from me, like losing a tug-o-war, burning the palms of my hands. “And you didn’t either. But I did.” I could feel the blade turning in on myself. I sat there and let it happen. I was useless.
“You can’t do that. You can’t blame yourself. You were in shock. You need to realize that maybe, no one was to blame,” he said earnestly. It was so easy for him to see the best in people. I wasn’t like that.
“You loved her too. You didn’t go into shock.” I sounded like I was accusing him, but that’s not how I meant it to come out.
“I did. But, you…you loved her more. She was your sister.”
I sighed. To me, that wasn’t really good enough. And without Apella to blame, where could it go?
I felt this nasty, gulping feeling, like air going down the wrong hole. Acid rising. Thinking about Clara was too painful. I turned my head, and whispered angrily, “Will you…just, please. Shut up!”
I was annoyed at him. He was stripping away my ammunition. My reasons. Apella still had a lot to answer for. I wasn’t going to let her off the hook so easily.
“All right, easy,” he said, “Just promise me you’ll think about it.”
I was silent. I knew he was right. I supposed being together also meant I should probably listen to him, at least some of the time. I didn’t like the idea and I hardly slept thinking of ways around it, coming to no solution.



After days of walking though long grass and bendy saplings, the terrain changed. The line we were following sunk down like all of a sudden it was too heavy for the earth to shoulder it. We were between two raised platforms, running parallel to each other. Familiar concrete edged the platforms. I couldn’t see over the top. It occurred to me that this was what it would be like for me. Loving Joseph would leave me stranded, stuck in the sunken part, both futures running parallel to each other, never touching, and me, never being able to see how it might play out. Jumping up, trying to look over the edge, never quite making it. Because the truth was, I didn’t want either future. 
I shook it out. Just keep moving, I thought, don’t be a coward now. Be stronger.
We were approaching the ruins of a city. 
The greenery still dominated, cascading up and over everything. But in between there was evidence of crumbling stone buildings. Rotted holes where the doors once were. Painted, metal window frames in yellow and peeling, aqua-painted walls. It was ghostly and dead. 
The comforting sounds of the forest existed in the city, in a strange collision of what should and shouldn’t be. So this was how our ancestors had lived. It was a confusing sprawl. There was no order to the layout of buildings. It was like people had built them wherever they pleased.
I was carrying Hessa on my back. He was gurgling, making little squeaking noises as we walked. Apella announced that she would like to scout around, see if there was anything useful left inside the buildings. I shrugged. There was no harm, I thought. Besides, I was curious to look around too. We decided to find a decent place to camp, make that our meeting place, and allow ourselves a couple of hours to explore. 
We worked our way into the disintegrating city, the buildings getting higher as we went. After about half an hour of walking, we had pushed our way into several buildings, finding them all to be unsound, too dangerous to sleep in. I rolled my eyes as Alexei ran his hand over a doorframe, knocking in various places like he thought it would welcome him, tell him a secret and say you’re safe here. I turned away. None of these building were safe. They were held together by the fact that no one had touched them in years. One sharp shove and they would collapse. 
I scanned ahead and was shocked to see the silhouette of a man. My heart stopped. I tugged on Joseph’s sleeve.
“Look over there,” I whispered. 
We both stared at it for a long time. The man never moved, never made a sound. He kept the same pose, one hand across his chest, the other outstretched as if asking for something. When we approached it slowly, we noticed there were plants growing up and around his legs. It was a statue. 
I approached, sweeping back the vegetation from the iron man’s feet to reveal a plaque. Vladimir Lenin. I guess he must have been an important man many years ago. Now, he was one of the only reminders that people had ever lived here, barely maintaining himself against the rule of nature. 
The area around the statue was flat and sheltered by surrounding trees. Apella seemed anxious and readily agreed to making this the meeting place, before she and Alexei hurriedly disappeared between buildings. 
With Hessa on my back and the two boys leading the way, we ventured forth. It was an eerie atmosphere and the stillness solicited silence. It felt like we were walking in a graveyard. Black windows stared at us like empty eyes, doorways opened like screaming mouths. I couldn’t help wondering what had happened to all the people. Did they leave in a mass exodus, or did they suffer the fate of most of the ones left outside the Rings? Bombed to bits. 
Hessa’s snuffling was the only sound to punctuate the silence. Gurgle, snuffle, breathe, stop breathing, breathe again. I kept timing my steps to his breath, walking in a sporadic, staccato motion, like I was stealing through the shadows on a secret mission. 
“What’s wrong with you?” Joseph looked down at me with a smirk. “Do you need to use the bathroom or something?” I must have looked funny, dancing around, fast step, slow step.
I rolled my eyes. “Nah, I’m just defective.” They both looked at me like I was crazy. I swiped my arm at them. “I’ll tell you later.”
We seemed to be entering what was once a commercial area. There were remnants of signs with numbers on them, written in a language I didn’t recognize, all loops and long lines, but some of the writing was numbers, prices. I stopped to investigate a light shining from within one of the openings. Joseph and Deshi were laughing at something up ahead, pointing through a broken window. Through what was left of a shop front, something sparkling caught my eye and I went to examine it more closely. Piles of gold and silver chains were tangled on the ground. Jewelry. There amongst them was a shiny white ball surrounded by sparkly crystals. I reached down to pick it up, mesmerized by its perfection, when weight hit me from above, followed by an unearthly shriek. 
I screamed and saw Joseph and Deshi turn towards me in the corner of my panic, before something tore at my face. Then all I could see was blood. Hessa. 
It was clawing at my back and I did the only thing I could think of. Stumbling backwards against a wall I tried to knock the thing off. It didn’t work. It was caught in my hair, screeching and hissing, tearing chunks of it from my head. I reached my hands back, trying to punch it, finding fur and claws and teeth. Hessa was screaming. I fell to my knees disoriented. I couldn’t see. The panic spread like a shock as I scrambled to protect my baby. 
Somewhere in the chaos, I felt the weight lift and I was able to pull Hessa from my back and bring him to face me. I wiped my eyes, thankfully, it was only a cut above my eye that had blurred my vision. Hessa was mostly unscathed, with a few small scratches on his arms and face. The cradle had prevented the creature from getting to him with its teeth. 
Joseph had pulled it from my back and now it was attacking him. It’s muscled body frantically scratching and hissing as it tried to find a soft piece of flesh to bite into. Joseph had his hands around its hideous face, pulling back its open jaws. 
“Do something!” I screamed to Deshi, who was standing there, mouth open wide in shock. He didn’t move. I ran to Deshi and almost threw Hessa at him in my haste, scanning the area for some kind of weapon. There was nothing, just grass and rubble. 
I decided I would just have to try to pull or kick it off. As I approached, Joseph yelled at me, “Get back!” 
I wasn’t going to watch him get mauled to death. I kept coming. I wasn’t sure what I was going to do. I clenched my fists, ready to jump, when something flew past me and landed on the beast. It squealed, but kept snapping despite the stick protruding from its abdomen. I could see blood, but I couldn’t tell whether it was Joseph’s or the creatures, a mess of black spots and yellow fur, solid and really strong, with only a stump of a tail. I looked at the long, carved spear waggling around as Joseph wrestled with it. Where had it come from?
My question was answered as a tall girl with reddish blonde hair walked towards the cat-like beast, pulled the spear out, and stabbed it again, using the crude weapon as a lever to throw it off Joseph’s body. I ran to him. He was alive but badly scratched and cut up. We both watched as she punctured the agonized creature again and again, blood oozing out of several wounds. It twitched and writhed one last time, a strangled yeow escaping its jaws as it died. Its tongue grotesquely hung out of its feral mouth.
She turned to face us and I recognized her immediately. I recalled her crazed face as she stabbed that poor White Coat through the eye. She didn’t look hysterical or feral anymore but there was a wildness to her I didn’t trust.
I noticed she was no longer pregnant. Her stomach was flat, as mine used to be. She was wearing tight, shiny pants and a low-cut top that barely contained her breasts. I suddenly felt conscious of my own appearance. Looking down at my round form sticking out of my grey cotton uniform I felt stumpy and ugly.
“Thank you,” I managed to stammer. I envied her lithe body as she took quick steps towards us and introduced herself. 
“I’m Careen.” She shook her strawberry hair, the bloody spear still gripped tightly in one hand. We cringed away from her as she approached. “Sorry,” she muttered as she dropped the spear with a clank. 
“You’re from the facility, right? I remember your face from the clearing. How’d you get here?” I said, trying to sound unthreatening.
Careen regarded me with a slow face, her mouth twisting into a broad smile. But I could tell she didn’t recognize me. She bent down and pulled a knife from her hip. She talked as she worked, slowly carving the animal into small pieces, teasing the rough fur hide away from the muscle, and skillfully managing to keep it in one piece. 
The knife scraped against bone, a sound that itched my teeth. “How was that purple smoke?” she said with her head down, “Weird, right?” I nodded. She tucked her hair behind her ear and paused, “Pretty colors though.” 
Joseph chuckled, “Yeah, we paid particular attention to making it look pretty.”
I gave him a scornful look for mocking her and he put his arms up. “No really, that was all Desh.”
Deshi grinned proudly. “Well, why create something that sophisticated and not make it aesthetically pleasing?” 
Careen looked up from the carcass, narrowed her eyes for a second, and then blinked it away. “Anyway, I didn’t know what was going on but, I guess, I must have known in my…” She pointed to the back of her head. 
“Subconscious?” I volunteered.
She arched one perfect eyebrow at me. “If you say so.” 
“I saw you run into the forest…I…” I started to say but she cut me off.
“Yeah I ran. I ran forever, for miles and miles. The white coats were searching during the day so I climbed trees to avoid them and at night, I just kept running.”  She separated parts of the carcass into piles, her hands covered in dark blood. “I was like you,” she pointed to my belly and shrugged, “but I didn’t know.” Her voice was light as air and she didn’t seem upset when she said, “I buried it next to a nice tree. It was only this big,” she indicated by pointing from her outstretched thumb to her finger how small it was. 
I felt my stomach roll and my heart strain in sympathy at the thought of her delivering a baby on her own. 
She leaned back on her heels and smiled. “So do you hunt? I hunt. I can help you,” she said eagerly.
“You’ve already helped, Careen. You saved my life,” Joseph said gratefully.
She stood and kicked her hip out, running her hand down his arm, she said, “Anytime, handsome.”
Joseph regarded his arm with newfound fascination and then looked to me with his eyebrows raised.
I clenched my fists trying to get a handle on this odd girl. It was getting dark. I interrupted their little moment. “We’d better find the others; it’s about time to meet.” 
Careen collected the meat and piled the dark flesh into the skinned hide. All that was left behind was a disgusting pile of guts and bones. I felt sick but I kept it down.
Hessa fell asleep despite his scratches. The cradle I built acted as a protective cage around his delicate body.
I helped Joseph to his feet and we made our way back to the statue, Careen walking next to Joseph, swinging the skin and meat by her side like she was carrying a shopping bag.
When we arrived, Apella and Alexei had already built a fire. Apella had her face buried in her hands. She was crying silently.
“I don’t understand. They should be here,” she said, unaware we were standing right there, listening.
“We are here,” Joseph bellowed. He looked scary, crusted blood streaks across his face, blond hair matted. His shirt was torn to shreds and his arms were scratched.
Apella jumped. I got the feeling she wasn’t talking about us. “Goodness! What happened to you two?” she exclaimed, quickly following it up with, “Where’s Hessa? Is he all right?”
“He’s fine,” I said. Apella got out her pack and searched around for a suture kit. 
“Wow! You’ve got your own doctor! Lucky,” Careen said excitedly. She was weird. She said it like, ‘Wow! You got the last piece of cake! Lucky.’ She seemed to get excited about the wrong things.
I introduced Careen to Apella and Alexei, explaining how she had saved us from the creature. Careen then dumped the remnants of the ugly cat by the fire. Apella left my face half-stitched up and turned to Careen, clasping both hands around the surprised girl’s own dirty ones saying, “Are you one of them?” Apella’s eyes were desperately hopeful. Careen looked at her, not confused exactly; her eyes were wide and mirroring Apella’s excitement like she couldn’t form her own reaction.
Joseph spoke before I could, “What are you on about, Apella? She’s one of us; she came from the facility.” Apella’s mouth snapped shut but it was too late for her to cover herself with more lies. I’ve never seen Joseph so angry before, he held his face close to hers, his eyes intense as she leaned backwards in fear. We’d all had enough of them lying. Alexei went to assist, but Deshi held him back. 
“I, I…” she stuttered, “I’m sorry. There were rumors that there were people here. Survivors from before the Woodlands were built. I was hoping we would find them and get some help.” 
Joseph released her from his gaze. “I didn’t think you were that naive, Apella. There’s no one here. There hasn’t been anyone here for hundreds of years.” He waved her off dismissively. She returned to stitching me up shakily and then Joseph reluctantly let her see to his wounds.
“What have you got there?” Alexei inquired, pointing at the pile of meat and fur. He used a stick to lift the hide, its hollowed-out face looking even scarier now than when it was alive. Its over-sized, pointed ears, no longer sitting upright, curled down over its forehead, looking like the top of them had been lightly dipped in black ink. Inspecting the pattern of the fur, he typed things into his reader. “A lynx, strong, cat-like animal, jumps down on its prey from above. Hunts alone.” I didn’t need a reader to tell me that. 
Careen found a large, flat stone and placed it at the edge of the fire. She watched it closely as it heated up, touching it lightly every now and then. She then threw the cut-up meat on the stone. It sizzled, browning nicely and smelling good, but when she offered it to me, I couldn’t eat it. The vision of her stabbing and disemboweling the foul cat was too fresh in my memory. She shrugged and moved on to the others. They all tried a piece. Joseph grinned, “Not bad, Careen,” his mouth full of food. She smiled at him, her big blue eyes reflecting happiness at having pleased him.
After dinner, we talked, which we didn’t usually do. Careen seemed to want fit several months’ worth of talking into one breath. Never sitting down for very long, she jumped from topic to topic and then back again. Talking in circles. 
“Yep, I’m from Iroko. I was one of the only American descendants in that town,” she said proudly, bobbing her head up and down. I didn’t understand her pride. In Pau, no one talked about their origins. She walked over to Apella and ran her fingers through the woman’s straight blond hair. Apella recoiled. “Hmm, I like your hair. I wish mine would sit like that.” I glared at her, her stupid hair looked perfect.
She stared at her fingers for a while and then started babbling again. I found her very hard to follow. She was like a puppet, animated and jerky. Her mouth moved too fast for her brain to catch up. Joseph indulged her, watching her, nodding his head like he understood her broken-word vomit. I only managed to pick out a few details. She was from Iroko and she had been in Classes for about a year when she was taken. She was going to be a Guardian. 
Finally, late into the night, Deshi fed Hessa and put himself and the baby to bed. Careen cooed and fussed over the child and I prickled without meaning to. We offered her a sleeping bag but she said she was comfortable to lie by the fire. I wanted her covered up. Her body was everything I had been, and missed so much. 
I made a pathetic show of climbing in with Joseph and snuggling extra close to his warm body. Unaware, he happily held me close as he drifted off. I couldn’t sleep. My heavy eyes held open by imaginary matchsticks, a new person with disturbing talents making me uneasy.
I looked past the firelight; sure I could see yellow eyes floating in the distance. I propped myself up, peering into the darkness. 
“It’s ok,” Careen said. “They won’t come any closer to the fire, especially not with this many people here.”
“What are they?” I asked
“Not sure, but there are a lot of them around the city,” she replied, sitting back on her knees, bouncing up and down. “It’s feels good not to be alone anymore,” she admitted, showing a vulnerability unseen before now. “The forest, it’s noisy and quiet at the same time, you know?” she said, covering her ears. I had to remind myself that she was just like me, but without Joseph, without anyone at all.
“You should try and get some rest. You’re safe now,” I said, trying to sound comforting. 
I knew I wouldn’t sleep very well. I felt less safe here than in the forest. I had fleeting dreams of yellow-eyed monsters chasing me, cornering me against a wall of stone, laughing and hissing, claws and fangs bared.



I woke up to Hessa’s ‘knitting needles in my ears’ scream. I dragged myself out of my bag, eyes half shut, and started preparing his bottle. Joseph was still dozing. I let him sleep. I walked to Deshi’s rake-like form, but the baby was not there. Panic hit me, like a claw turning my heart sideways. The crying was coming from outside the circle of sleeping bodies. I kicked Deshi. He jumped up fast when he realized Hessa was missing. 
“Where is he?” Deshi said, his normally smooth voice cracking around the edges. We followed the crying, sweeping our heads back and forth along the ground until we came upon a pair of long legs, attached to Careen, standing with her back to us, rocking on her heels, hushing the baby in her arms. 
“What are you doing?” I asked accusingly. 
She looked up from Hessa, eyes reproachful. “What? I just thought I would let you get some rest,” she said as she handed Hessa to me.
“You can’t just walk off with him like that without asking. You scared us to death!” I placed the teat of the bottle in Hessa’s mouth, watching him eagerly drink the grey liquid, his unnaturally blue eyes peering over the rim.
“I don’t see what the problem is,” she snapped suddenly, clapping her hands on her toned thighs. “You know, he doesn’t look much like you,” she added, reaching out to touch his springy, black curls. 
I pulled away. “That’s because I’m not his mother,” I said, handing Hessa to Deshi and standing side on to display my swollen middle.
“Oh, where is she?” Careen asked innocently, her mood swinging from aggression to sweetness in an instant.
“She’s dead,” I replied, wishing I didn’t have to talk about it, feeling my heart tear a little at the memory of Clara.
“I’m so sorry,” Careen said as she patted my arm gently. I stared down at her arm in confusion. I was starting to think she was a bit more than batty.
I shrugged her off and changed the subject. I needed some information from her anyway. I was thinking about the end of summer. We really needed to find or build shelter in that time, before winter hit. To do that, we needed some tools that I couldn’t fashion from sticks. I asked her whether she had seen anything resembling a tool shed or shop. 
“No, but there is a big building with different commercial sections. There might be something in there.” Her eyes slid up my body with scrutiny. “We could get you some new clothes too.”
I ignored her condescending assessment of my appearance and went back to tell the others my idea. There were arguments, of course. About one thing I was adamant—we couldn’t stay in the city. We would get supplies and walk through to the other side, see what the terrain was like, and make a plan from there. For once, Alexei and Joseph agreed with me. Apella wasn’t sure, still holding on to the ludicrous idea that there were people hiding somewhere in the rubble. There was no evidence that anyone had been here in hundreds of years. It was completely overrun by nature. Careen said she would go along with anything and Deshi pursed his mouth shrewdly and shrugged his shoulders. “It doesn’t matter what I think.” 



I agreed to let Apella stay with Hessa by the fire. We took knives and Careen’s spear with us. She said if we stuck to the more open parts, wider roads and lower buildings, the lynxes would not be a problem. The creatures with the yellow eyes only came out at night.
She led us back to the end of the railway line and over a bridge. It was a great stone and iron structure that had stood the test of time where other constructions had not. Its strong archways looped in and out of the water like a snake, reflecting against the water on this clear, sunny day. I stepped on tentatively, imagining it crumbling under my feet. Careen assured me it was safe. She had used it several times. Joseph took my hand and I relaxed a little. 
Alexei was enthusiastic, to say the least, talking about the history of the town, a name I couldn’t pronounce. 
“Iratusk…what?” I said crankily. 
“Irkutsk,” Alexei corrected me. “Yes, apparently this bridge took ten years to build in 1950, quite impressive really given the technology of the time.” I felt sorry that I had engaged him. He prattled on and Deshi and Joseph humored him, pretending to listen. Careen was bounding ahead like an excitable toddler. Peering over the edge every now and then, beckoning with her hands, “Hurry up, fellas. We’re nearly there.”
When we arrived at the other side, Careen stopped, trying to remember which direction to go. Like she flipped a coin in her head, she picked a street randomly and skipped off. 
I found it hard to keep up, waddling like I was carrying several balloons full of water under my shirt. Thankfully, Joseph stayed with me. He curled his fingers in mine and we walked peacefully, forgetting, for a moment, where we were. If you didn’t think about the death and destruction, the yellow-eyed creatures and the feral, attacking cats, the city was quite beautiful. On this side of the bridge, the buildings were larger. They climbed up to the sky, all carved stone and metal, with pillowy, rounded roofs made of copper turned green with age. These buildings bordered a wide, stone-paved street that had lanterns attached to iron poles sticking out of the footpath. 
The other three rounded a corner ahead of us and for a few minutes we were alone. I stopped for a breath. Putting my hands in the small of my back, I stretched backwards, staring at the sky, watching the clouds blow south with speed. When I straightened, he swiftly bent down and put his lips to mine, transferring the heat of gold and electricity through my mouth and down my spine. I kissed him back briefly, smiling as I extricated myself from his arms. 
“You know, with all this romance, I’m liable to faint,” I said, rolling my eyes as I put the back of my hand to my forehead. 
“I’ll always catch you,” Joseph said with a wink.
I fanned my face. “Oh, sir, you’re too much!” and I succumbed to giggling. Joseph laughed, slipping his hand around my waist and giving me a gentle squeeze. The sun was high and the city looked less frightening, more like a scenic ruin in this light. 
A dark face poked out from behind the corner. Squinting in the sunlight, Deshi said, “Guys, you need to see this,” and then his head disappeared. I would have run, but in my current state the most I could manage was a brisk walk. We rounded the corner and were faced with a towering structure of latticed metal and broken glass. On the top of the building were six-foot-high letters, spelling out words I didn’t understand. We caught up to the others as Careen was climbing up the concrete stairs that led into the building. 
“Are you sure it’s safe?” Deshi asked nervously. His voice echoed around the tall entrance foyer we were standing in. 
“It’s fine, I’ve been in a couple of times. It’s well worth it, come on.” Careen tugged on Deshi’s shirt and pulled him toward some grated metal stairs, her long legs making easy work of them. She bounded up, her short hair swaying softly as she jumped from stair to stair. They led onto one another in a zigzag, reaching at least six or seven stories high. 
We climbed two sets and then Careen dragged us down a dusty hallway. Shady entrances were cluttered with rubbish on every side. She grabbed Joseph’s hand, pulled him through a gap in the rubbish, and they disappeared into the darkness. Deshi turned on his torch. The light cut a line through the dark, illuminating metal racks from which strange items of clothing were hanging: shiny plastic bodices, shimmering pants, revealing tops, and underwear in plastic packets. What provocative clothes the people wore back then. Careen held up a black plastic top on a hanger, tight and low cut. “Here, try this on,” she said blithely.
I gagged, “There is no way I would fit into that!” Nor would I want to. It looked more like underwear than clothes to wear in public. 
“What about this?” Careen suggested, holding up what looked like a see-through nightdress. All made of nylon and plastic. It seemed it was the only material that had held together. Then it hit me, what kind of shop this was. I had been in one back in Pau, when I turned twelve and my mother took me to buy a bra. That shop was more dainty cotton and lace but the idea was the same.
“Let’s save that kind of thing for after the baby’s born,” Joseph said, grinning his stupid head off. 
I froze. I had thought a lot about how our relationship would change after I had the baby but I hadn’t even considered the physical side of things. I could feel the blood racing to my face.
Deshi and Joseph were chuckling away. Alexei looked extremely uncomfortable, propping and then re-propping his elbow against the doorway. Careen looked oblivious to the underlying implications of what Joseph had said. 
“It’s all right, Rosa,” Joseph said between fits of laughter. “I was only joking.” I stormed passed them both, pushing their shoulders, hard. I wanted to knock their heads together but it would only make them laugh more. I stood in the cluttered hall, looking back and forth. Surely, there had to be something more useful in here other than plastic sex clothes.
Picking up a pack of underwear wrapped in plastic off the dusty floor, I realized that was what I needed to be looking for. I rummaged through other shop openings and found some cotton, button-down, shirts sealed in plastic. I grabbed one for each of us and kept looking. I found leather bags that were still mostly intact, some socks, and even some leather gloves. I searched around for something for Hessa and found a few packets of socks, a jumpsuit that looked way too big and some singlets. It would be good to give him some clothes so he didn’t have to be swaddled in cut-up blankets all the time. It seemed the people of yesterday were big on wrapping their clothes in plastic. 
I shoved it all in the leather bags I had found. I could see the boys had calmed down and were doing the same thing, tossing clothes and other useful items into shiny nylon bags slung over their shoulders. But I couldn’t find any tools. 
I worked my way right to the back of one of the stores, wading my way through a sea of over-turned racks and rubbish. It smelled like dust, like old death. Right at the back, behind a filthy, laminated counter covered in paper and metal coins, I found what I was looking for, a red metal door with a plastic plaque on the front that said ‘Utulidad.’ It was locked. I called for the boys and they worked at kicking it in. Booted bangs, the only noise this place had entertained in a long time.
We were rewarded for our persistence. Inside was a small room with a toolbox full of useful items. Mounted on the wall was another red box. Inside was exactly what I wanted. I smashed the glass with my hand wrapped inside a leather bag and pulled the shiny axe head from the box. The handle disintegrated as soon as I touched it, but I could make a new one. 
We made our way out, looking ridiculous, like over-burdened mules. Wearing some things, and strapping the bags around ourselves as best we could. Careen emerged last, twirling a tight, hot pink top on her finger and gripping a large hunting knife in her other hand. 
She leaped down the stairs like a gazelle, shoved her serrated knife in her pocket, and peeled off her top in front of everyone. She dropped the grimy, bloodstained one on the ground with distaste and stood bare chested in front of us. Her pale face showed not even a flicker of awareness that her nakedness might make us uncomfortable. I stared wide-eyed at her while the boys averted their eyes. She shimmied into her new top and adjusted her cleavage. She looked and behaved so differently to me that I couldn’t quite digest what I was looking at.



We walked back to the campsite, our progress slowed by our new possessions. Along the way, I dropped some of the less important things, sparkly hair ties and clips, a thin silk scarf wrapped in plastic, all useless. Joseph carried the small toolbox; I carried the treasured axe head.
Again, we lagged behind the others by a few hundred meters. I bumped hips with Joseph’s affectionately, folding my hands inside my shirt anxiously. I wanted to ask him something but I was afraid of how it would come out.
“What do you think of Careen?” I asked nervously.
Joseph paused and rubbed his chin. “She’s all right, why?”
“I mean, what do you think of her, really?” 
He stopped walking and turned to face me, “Rosa, what is this about?”
“Well, she’s quite attractive, isn’t she?” I said, staring at my stomach, my feet imagined, as they hid under my enormousness.
He chuckled, a deep vibration that I wished I could jump into, a pool of sound. “I suppose…”
“Yeah, I thought so,” I said, disappointed. I wanted him to say she was hideous, or that he didn’t even notice her looks at all.
“Is this about the nightdress? I was being stupid, just joking,” he assured me.
“No. It’s not that. Believe me, I’m used to you being stupid,” I teased.
“Then, what are you worried about?” he said, smiling irresistibly. My heart swelled and skipped.
“Just that,” I said, touching his mouth, tracing the smile on his lips. 
“Rosa, I rescued you from underground, I fought a lynx for you, tried to wrestle a bear for you. How can you possibly doubt my feelings for you now?” He laughed.
“I’m glad you find it so funny,” I said as I punched his arm.
“Ouch!” 
He calmed down and took my hand, trying to be serious, “Rosa, you are the only one for me, and whether you see it or not, you are beautiful, pregnant or not, ok?”
“Ok,” I said dubiously. 
He shifted uneasily, not sure how to approach. “Can I ask you something?” he asked, his beautiful eyes gazing into my own ‘defective’ ones.
“Anything.”
He reached out his hand, hovering it over my bulging stomach. I had been afraid he would want to do this. I was surprised it had taken him so long to ask. I urged the leech not to kick. “Can I…?”
I sighed and nodded.
His warm hand circled the top of my belly. I allowed it for a few seconds and then I asked him to stop. It made something tighten in my chest, a guilty feeling I couldn’t explain. He did stop, but I could tell it made him sad.
We had enough problems to worry about, without me adding jealousy to the list.



I was deep in thought as we wound our way back to the campsite, barely noticing the leaning buildings, barely hearing Careen’s inane chatter. The details of the city melted away like running paint colors.
My hand swung absently in Joseph’s as I contemplated our situation. We’d been following Apella and Alexei blindly, partly because they were the adults and they had a plan. But I was starting to learn that age did not automatically mean someone was wiser. After the ridiculous revelation that they’d been searching for people living in the ruins of the city, I doubted their ability to lead, to make good decisions. 
We were now close to the border between old Russia and Mongolia. We could keep walking but to what end? If we went on indefinitely, the seasons would change and winter would kill us. With no shelter or stocks of food, we wouldn’t survive. There had to be a better plan than this. 
 I tapped my belly, feeling the hardness of it, the unbreakable shell that kept a barrier between Joseph and me, between my feelings for him and my feelings about our instant little family. In two months’ time, I would be having this baby whether I liked it or not. I didn’t want to do that on the side of a cliff or in a cave, half-frozen and starving. I shook my head, my hair falling in a curtain around my face. No. We needed to sit down and work it out together.



It was dusk when we arrived back at the camp. The grey light was greyer still for the disappointing fact that Apella had not lit the fire. She sat huddled under a blanket, her blonde hair shining like a vague, dusty halo, rocking Hessa. I rolled my eyes at her incompetence. One of our biggest concerns should be that Hessa wouldn’t survive a journey through snow and ice. 
We threw our new belongings in a pile just outside the circle of logs. The shiny stack of new possessions made us ragged and grimy by comparison. If I’d had the energy I would have changed, but all five of us collapsed on the logs, food the only thing on our minds. Deshi coaxed a fire from the dying coals and I scrounged for food. I couldn’t find much in the way of edible plants. I screwed up my nose, it would be grey sludge tonight.
After we ate, I announced my concerns. 
Clearing my throat of the grey slime that seemed to cling to the inside of my mouth like candle wax, I said, “What happens after tonight? I mean, what’s the plan for the next part of our journey?”
Alexei held up his map and traced his finger along the route we had already travelled. We had walked so far. “I think we have another couple of weeks of walking left to do and then we will be in Mongolia, or what used to be Mongolia,” he said. 
My legs ached at the thought of it. “And then what?” I asked. “What’s in Mongolia? Is there something there you’re not telling us about?” I searched their eyes, looking for the lie. Apella kept her eyes on Hessa; Alexei leaned away from my gaze. “We haven’t seen the choppers in weeks. No one’s looking for us. Why should we keep going? Why not prepare ourselves for winter near here?”
Joseph and Deshi nodded in agreement. We were so weary and it would only get harder as the weather changed. Careen looked confused, her pale face serenely blank. Her eyes flicked to the nodding boys and she mimicked their movements. I had a feeling she would go along with anything if it meant she wouldn’t be alone. 
“We can’t be sure they are not still looking for the boys,” Alexei argued. “Deshi in particular was very valuable to the Classes.”
Deshi ran one hand over his arm smoothly. “I’m willing to take the risk,” he said plainly.
“Me too,” Joseph chimed in. “Rosa’s right. We can’t keep walking, hoping that someone will save us, or that we’ll find decent shelter before winter comes. We need to start preparing now.”
Apella looked desperate, she was going to lose, her rounded eyes begging someone to agree, her voice on edge, “I’m sure they are close. If we keep looking, we might find a settlement.”
I scoffed. “You need to give up on this idea. No one is coming to save us.” I squeezed my hands into fists. I wished I was wrong. I wished there was a humble settlement right around the corner where welcoming strangers would invite us in, but we were alone. We couldn’t follow an old map or hold onto the crazy idea that someone was coming to help us anymore. We had to think about survival.
I stood up, the chill in the air hinting at what was to come. I knew this was what needed to be done. “Tomorrow morning we will walk out of this ruin and search for a good place to make our own settlement.”
There was silence and the clawed hand of doubt scratched its way along the dirt towards me. Apella and Alexei could go on without us. I wasn’t sure I cared what they did. Remembering Clara’s labor, she pretty much did it all on her own anyway. Until the end anyway. I shuddered. 
Joseph put his arm around me, instantly warming my shivering body. “You’re making big plans. You really think we can do it?” he challenged.
A sense of purpose was blooming in me, like so much blood it seeped and spread. I honestly didn’t know if this would work, but of the two choices, this made more sense to me.



Sometime in the night, I felt a strong chill. I shuffled around in my sleeping bag, thinking I had rolled to far from the fire. Joseph stirred but did not wake. He muttered something and put his hand on my waist. I looked to the center and saw nothing but the spotted orange glow that clung to ash. The fire was out. I heard scratching, or something being dragged across the other side of the campsite. I breathed in slowly, trying not to make any noise. As I exhaled, a glowing light just past the fire froze, yellow eyes shining in the moonlight. I jabbed Joseph sharply in the ribs. He made a startled, snorting noise as he awoke and, whatever it was, became smaller as it retreated but didn’t disappear. 
“Joseph,” I whispered, “there’s a yellow-eyed thing out there.” I pointed to the eyes, grabbing his head and aiming it in the creature’s direction. “The fire, Careen said it scared them.” Joseph’s body went rigid and he jumped out of the sleeping bag like a spring. 
We woke the others and together we stoked the coals, throwing kindling and logs on until it was roaring, our skin looking golden in the flames. Behind the statue of the man with the outstretched hand, I saw the flick of a long tail and black and white stripes. I heard scuffling. I drew breath in slowly, weighing up the threat. My eyes searched the darkness anxiously and found several pairs of yellow eyes floating like a disturbing set of stringed lights about fifty meters from where we were. 
“Can you see that?” I pointed in their direction. 
Joseph nodded, jaw tight, looking unnaturally magnificent in his shredded shirt. The fire glazed his skin gold, his muscles tensed and ready to fight.
The eyes were joining with other eyes, forming a semi-circle, closing in slowly from the western side of our campsite, like a ring of candles, flickering as they blinked. Apella panicked and darted behind Alexei, the whip of her grey shirt the only evidence she was there. I watched her in disgust, the desire to throw her to them was hard to suppress. We burned everything in sight, watching the flames climb higher and higher. Our faces and hands charred red from the heat but we couldn’t step back. Deshi and Joseph armed themselves with the knives. I waited to see Careen striding forward, spear in hand, but she wasn’t there. I gulped, horrific visions of her torn-up body sprawled somewhere clawed at my mind. Where the hell was she?
The eyes stalled at the sight of the fire, there was a faint cry like a ‘whoop’ and then a chorus of whoops filtered through the air above our heads. Slowly the eyes edged away from sight. Whatever they were, there were at least thirty of them and my guess was there were probably more. Joseph’s hand curled over my shoulder and I set my head down on it. “We can’t stay here,” I whispered, feeling the panic ease with his touch. He squeezed his hand and nodded, eyes distant.



As the grey morning approached, we were shocked to discover how close they had come while we were sleeping. All around us were the remnants of our belongings, things dropped as they were dragged off into the night. These elusive creatures seemed intelligent and organized. Unlike the wolves, they hadn’t just destroyed things; they had taken items of interest and discarded others.
I was just about to start searching for the grisly remains of Careen, when I heard a loud thump and she came strolling out of the wooded area to the east of our campsite, eyes bright. Her attitude was casual, unfettered, and she was surprised that we were angry at her, or even that we worried about her safety. 
She admitted she had seen the creatures approaching and had jumped up into the closest tree, spending the night there. 
“Thanks a lot for the warning,” I said, glaring at her. 
She shrugged, unconcerned. She was used to looking after herself. It seemed a very foreign idea that she should assist anyone else. I thought back to her behavior when we first met, suspecting it was less about heroics and more just the fact we were between her and her kill.
“Next time, it would be good if you could let us know there are animals stalking us before you scale the nearest tree.” I tried to say it calmly but it came out sounding more biting.
She looked at me, her eyebrows drawn together like I had just snatched a sweet from her hand. Tucking her hair behind her ear and cocking her head to the side, she chirpily replied, “Sure thing!”
I looked at her like she was something other than human. She was so strange. I didn’t like the idea of being holed up with her over winter.
As we packed up, we noticed Alexei had lost his reader. The grey box was missing as well. I wondered why the animals would want with that. I imagined them preparing meals and it made my hairs stands on end. This place was starting to really give me the creeps. It was definitely time to leave. 
Hessa cried out and I felt a pang of anxiety, wondering how we were going to feed him. 
Deshi searched frantically for the box, with Hessa tucked under one arm, the baby screaming until his face went ashen and his lips were purple. 
Careen turned around and retrieved the box from under a flat, grey rock at the base of the tree she had dropped down from. “Are you looking for this?” I took a step towards her, my feet pressed hard against the earth, ready to tear her throat out. But Joseph’s arm was in front of me, blocking my path. “Let it go,” he muttered through his teeth. 
I did, just this once, noting she was someone to watch closely.
Deshi snatched the box from a baffled Careen and quickly prepared a bottle for the screaming child. 
As Deshi fed Hessa, I took up the capsule and made some adjustments. Attaching one-foot long, pointed spears to the top part that encased his head. It made him look like he was wearing a crown, but it would protect him from any animal jumping down on him.
Sadly, we had lost most of the clothes we had found and I didn’t want to go back to get more. There was one shirt left which I offered to Joseph. It was too big for me. He thanked me and removed his torn t-shirt. I made an idiot of myself, swallowing a gasp at his well-muscled chest. When he pulled the shirt over his head, I turned my back to him. I didn’t want him to see me blushing. 
“All right, Jo,” Deshi smirked, as Joseph did up the remaining buttons. “We all know you’re gorgeous. Stop showing off and start moving.” He clapped his hands together smartly and flicked his head away from the campsite.
We made our way back to where we had left the train tracks two nights ago. We moved quickly, the urge to explore was gone. Apella was still unsure and Alexei had to half-drag her as she continually swiveled her head around, looking in doors and searching rooftops for evidence of people. 
We followed the tracks out of the city and headed south-east, deciding to put at least a day’s walk between us and the yellow-eyed beasts before looking for a place to shelter. Joseph scooped me up in his arms before I had time to argue.
“You look tired,” he said
“Gee, thanks. You know? So do you,” I said, poking at the dark circles under his eyes.
He pulled his head away from my touch and grinned. “Yeah well I’m bigger and stronger. I can cope better.”
“The way I’m going I’ll be bigger than you by mid-summer!” I joked.
He laughed. “Hmmm, you are getting a bit heavy.” He pretended to drop me, catching me at the last second.
I squirmed unenthusiastically. “Well then, put me down.”
He paused and shook his head, blond curls settling into their delicate weave. “Nope,” he said as he took big strides, leading the way.
I put my head on his chest, the pressure of the last few days squeezing me like a concertina, making the air around me soft and dozy. I was pleased with my decision. It was going to be hard. Hard, hard work, Mr. Gomez would say. But it felt better knowing we had a purpose, a strategy. I knew my knowledge of building was going to be useful. I could help. I could do something other than grow fatter and more uncomfortable every day. I listened to Joseph’s heartbeat, deep in his chest, and I pushed the doubt down with it. Pushed down the feeling I could be wrong, that it would be too hard. We had to keep moving forward. We had to try.
I let the dozy feeling wrap around me like a loose bandage and daydreamed about what it might be like to have a home. A home with Joseph and, of course, Hessa and Deshi. Could I make room for another in our little family? For the first time, I opened my mind to the possibility. It was a hazy dream. I could see the four of us; the fifth member was a sketchy grey cloud I couldn’t quite put a face to. Up until now, the leech was not even allowed to exist in my dreams. But it was pushing away at them now, infringing on the edges. Making it presence known.



After a couple of days walking, we started scouting for a position for a hut and store. I put together a rough house plan, using the surrounding timbers as a starting point. We needed somewhere flat, which possibly backed onto a hill, and hopefully faced the morning sun. 
Low, grass-covered mounds dominated the scenery like a voluptuous woman had laid down and pulled a green blanket over her body. Small patches of woods sprouted up like green-brown birthmarks on the land. It was a gentle and inviting, although I could imagine it was very different once covered in snow. 
We chose to build against the shelter of a low hill. It was stupidly idyllic, with a creek running through the valley and plenty of well-shaped adolescent pines that would make perfect logs for a cabin. The construction would be simple. The boys would cut the trees and drag them to the site. I would carve the notches in the logs and shape wooden pegs to secure each log to another. Apella and Careen would pack every crevice with mud and collect stones for a fireplace. At this, Apella’s smooth as silk face scrunched up unappealingly. I smirked at her and rubbed my hands together. Hands that were itching to get dirty.
Once we started, we quickly got into a rhythm, working in unison to achieve this one goal. Apella stopped talking about survivors and settlements. Deshi, Joseph, and I took turns caring for Hessa while working and Alexei flapped about, occasionally being useful, but more often than not just getting in the way. 
Hessa was changing daily. Changing from a baby to a little person. As we worked, he would lie on a rug and happily gaze at the sky, kicking his chubby little legs in excitement. He had his mother’s temperament, always smiling, hardly ever crying. He adapted easily. 
We walked into the forest every day. It was wonderful not to be trudging down the same line. We meandered down different paths, stopping whenever we pleased to examine something or collect some food. I started to teach Joseph about the different fruits and nuts we needed to store. He wasn’t a very good student, listening to half of what I had to say before pinning me against a tree, burying his face in my hair and kissing my neck. Driving me crazy. He was very good at this, and I was very good at being distracted. To a point. There always seemed to be a moment where something would clamp down inside me and I had to stop him.



The cabin was nearly finished. It had been two and a half weeks and the basic structure was done. I stood back and appraised it, casting my eyes over the dark wood and dripping mud. It was a bit wonky, leaning into the wind like it was listening for a secret, but it was solid, strong. It had no shutters or a door yet, but it would be comfortable. The fireplace was half-finished, made of stones and clay mud. I tapped my finger on my chin absently; I needed to ask Careen to focus less on hunting and more on the fireplace. We needed that done if we were to stay warm over winter.



The sun pulled back like an eyelid over a blue iris, streaks of light skipping over the craggy bark of the pine log I was planing. I ran my hand over it, enjoying the splintering feeling, the coarseness. My arm tugged backwards and I lost balance. Joseph pressed his hands into my back and steadied me. I squinted up at his shadowed face. “Want to go for a walk?” I nodded eagerly. The time for us to be alone was coming to a close; there would be no privacy when we were holed up in the cabin for days or weeks at a time. 
I looked down as we walked, I couldn’t see my feet anymore, but I noticed the leaves were starting to change color and drop to the forest floor. The seasons were changing. I scooped up various plants and seeds as we moved, examining them in my palm. Tossing some away and stuffing others in the brown leather bag I had brought with me from the ruined city. I found my knowledge was pretty limited. I would bring things back to the hut; we’d examined them, weigh up the risk of trying them, but most we threw away. We could do nothing if one of us was poisoned. 
Joseph bent down and picked up a pinecone off the ground. He swung around, asking me the question he always asked, “Eat or don’t eat?” His eyes glinting with mischief.
“Eat,” I replied.
Joseph opened his mouth to bite the pinecone.
“Not like that,” I laughed. I took it from his hand and showed him how to pull the edible nuts out of the woody, brown spikes. I handed him one. He ate it, screwing up his nose.
“I think I prefer the grey stuff,” he said, scratching his arm unconsciously. 
“Well, you better get used to it. If there’s no light, it will be nuts and berries,” I lectured, shaking my index finger at him.
He wrapped his hand around my finger and bent his head down to catch my eyes. I shivered under the intensity of his gaze. “Don’t forget the dried meat,” Joseph teased, knowing it would annoy me for him to talk about Careen’s contribution to our food stores. She proved to be quite a good hunter, bringing back rabbits and birds, which she carved up with frighteningly good skill, drying strips of them over the fire. She also collected piles of pelts, which would be useful for warmth over winter. I appreciated everything she did, but I found her intimidating. In the back of my mind, I worried about how much she seemed to enjoy the killing. At least, she had stopped rubbing herself up against Joseph like a cat starved of attention. Mostly because he had told her, kindly but firmly, that he wasn’t interested. I guess it was better than the solution I had played out in my head, where I jumped on her and scratched her eyes out. Joseph only found my irritation with her amusing and he seemed to enjoy bringing it up just to get a reaction out of me.
“You can’t just eat meat all the time,” I snapped.
“I know, I know,” he said, arms up in surrender, the sleeves of his shirt pulling back to reveal his forearms.
“What’s that?” I asked, grabbing his arm and inspecting it more closely. It was red and bumpy, the skin angry and raw. I ran my fingers lightly over the sore flesh and he sharply withdrew, wincing in pain.
“It’s nothing. I think my skin’s just irritated from all the sawdust. My boss is such a slave driver, you know,” he said with a smirk, jerking his sleeve down and pulling me towards him. 
I was concerned, but as soon as he started tiptoeing his fingers up my arm, I forgot what I was thinking. Joseph had become very good at avoiding my huge stomach as his fingers meandered up my arm and found their way to my hair. Pulling my head gently to the side, he parted my lips with his own. My head filled with gold, pushing logical thoughts out of my head like loose slips of paper.
After a while, he pulled his head back and I felt his lips gently brushing my ear. “I’m so impressed with you,” he whispered. 
“Really, why?” I asked, not really caring for the answer, just craving his lips on my ear again.
“You’ve come so far.” 
I froze, no longer moving towards him. Feeling my body reluctantly, but instinctively, pulling away from his touch. A beautiful oak tree leaned down to hear us, its orange and yellow leaves lighting the branches up like flame.
“What does that mean?” I asked defensively, clenching my fists. 
Joseph eyes fell. He scratched his arm again and let his arms fall to his sides. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it. Rosa, I don’t want to fight.”
I took another step back, my feet crunching and then squelching into the dirt as I stomped, vibrating with anger. “Just explain to me what I have done to impress you so much?” I spat.
“I just meant, you’ve changed, you’re more open, you’ve let me in.” 
He stumbled over his words, trying to diffuse me. He held out his hand but I smacked it away. I hated when he tried to ‘manage’ me like this. It made it even harder to control my anger. It rose in me like an over boiling pot, bubbles surging up and burning me with hot steam. I was of two minds, one part of me trying to calm down but the other, overwhelming part, held onto the anger and pushed it forward. 
“I didn’t realize I was so behind before,” I said sarcastically, knowing I was taking it too far, but unable to stop myself. As I grew in size, so did the strength of my changing emotions. I was fuming, although not entirely sure why. “You can’t change me, you know, this is it.” I was stamping the earth like a child having a tantrum, smattering the colored leaves with dirt.
Joseph’s expression changed from apologetic and calm to angry, his mouth pursed, eyebrows knotted, a temper starting to boil up to join mine. 
“Believe me, I know that,” he said loudly, his deep voice booming through the forest. I leaned away, shocked; he had never really raised his voice to me. I knew I had gone too far, I knew it, so why didn’t I stop? I pushed his chest. He didn’t move. So I turned my back to him and uttered, “You need to leave, now,” even though I didn’t want him to go anywhere. I was desperate for him to stay.
“Fine, you get your way.” He walked away from me, his boots thumping through the forest loudly. But as his furious form retreated through the trees, I caught him mutter, “You always do.”
My face fell and tears brimmed over, splashing down my face. I willed him to turn around, to see my sorry face, but he never did. He just stormed through the soft undergrowth, trampling plants and scratching his arm furiously as he went, until he disappeared from sight.
I looked through the spaces between the branches of the oak tree. Little framed windows of white light sparked and shot down to the forest floor. What’s wrong with me, Clara? Why can’t I be happy? Why am I always pushing him away? 
I thought back to the day when I was eavesdropping on Joseph and Clara’s conversation. “She trusts you, she just doesn’t trust herself,” she’d said. She was right. The closer it got to my due date, the more I worried about my feelings. I didn’t trust that I could make it work. I didn’t understand why he had faith in me, when everything I loved turned to dust. I fell to my knees, placing my hands in the dirt. This was what came of loving me. I picked up a handful and watched it trickle to the ground. Dust. Tears turning to mud as they merged with the ground.



I sobbed pathetically, sitting in a triangle of light that finally forced me to move. I rose from the ground and wiped my red face. I knew a lot of this was pregnancy hormones, but part of it was fear. The baby always drove a wedge between us because I was afraid of it. I resolved to try and talk to him rationally. I needed to explain how I was feeling.
I made my way back. Tonight was the first we would sleep inside. It was a good thing too; the nights had started to get icy, a fine frost gathering on the outside of our sleeping bags. I hoped Careen had made more progress with the fireplace. I hoped Joseph hadn’t stormed back angry and was telling everyone what a horrible person I was. No, he would never do that.
When I got back, everyone was hovering over something I had been working on. They were circling it and talking to each other when I broke the circle. I busted in, deliberately opposite Joseph, trying to catch his eyes, but he avoided my gaze. I frowned. I guess at some point it wasn’t surprising that he didn’t want to be my punching bag anymore but I was disappointed. I’d hoped he would realize that I was just overly emotional from all the hormones. With every second that he avoided me, I could feel myself prickling, feel the compulsion to yell or push him again, but I told myself to calm down. This time the calm side won. He couldn’t always be the understanding one. This time it was my turn to make it right.
“Why are you all staring at the door?” I asked, bending down awkwardly to wipe some sawdust off the roughened planks of wood. Joseph’s hand reached out to help me, but then it withdrew quickly. I stayed on the ground, looking up at the group. I had laid out the planks side by side neatly and placed cross braces on them to make a door, but I hadn’t quite worked out how to hang it in the doorway.
Deshi spoke first. “How are we going to put this up? We can’t have a house with no door over winter. It kind of defeats the purpose,” he said crankily, holding Hessa over his shoulder and bouncing up and down as he patted the child’s back. 
Careen held out her hand and I took it. She pulled me up too quickly and I felt the blood rush to my head, swaying a little, Apella steadied me with her wispy hands. Joseph stood, hands by his side, silent. 
“I’m not sure, at the Classes we were taught to hang doors with hinges. I don’t think I can fashion hinges from wood. Besides, I don’t think they would be strong enough,” I said, still trying desperately to get Joseph to look at me but he wouldn’t. His jaw was tense and he looked at his feet. It was just a little fight and he was sulking like a child. I watched him pat his right arm over and over with narrowed eyes.
“Couldn’t we just stand the door in the gap?” Apella said naively, flicking her finger towards the yawning hole in the cabin.
“No,” I replied, thinking it over. “The weather would push through and it would blow down if it was windy. It needs to be secure and strong against the elements.”
Finally Joseph spoke, a smaller sound than I was used to, “Then we need some hinges.”
I knew what he was going to say. I knew I wouldn’t like the sound of it at all.
“I’ll go back and get some. Remember? Every door was rotted through but what was left of them was hanging off big, iron hinges,” he continued.
“No, it’s too far and it’s too dangerous,” I said, hearing my voice increasing in pitch. “We’ll find another way.”
His eyes were steeled as he said, “I doubt it. Look, we have plenty of time. The rest of you can collect more food and firewood. Finish the fireplace. By the time I get back, you’ll be done and we can put the door up.” He sounded so calm. Everyone else was nodding in agreement. 
I pitched forward into the group. “Are you all crazy? What if he gets lost, or injured? He can’t go alone.” The idea of him leaving me was too much, especially on these terms.
“I’ll go with him,” Careen volunteered. My worst nightmare. Well, one of them at least.
Alexei pushed his glasses up onto his head only to run his hands through his hair and knock them to the ground. “Ok, then it’s settled, you can leave in the morning,” he said to the ground.
Everyone nodded and returned to their various tasks. I stood over my door, staring at it, racking my brain for another solution that meant he could stay. I couldn’t come up with anything. 



I found Joseph stacking stones for the fireplace, the clink of rock on rock interrupted by his slight heaves. I touched his arm and he swung around, startled. When he saw it was me he relaxed a little, but I could see he was still hurt.
“I’m sorry,” I admitted, drawing the apology out of my mouth like a heavy bucket from a well. It was difficult, but I didn’t want him leaving without trying to work this out. In truth, I wanted to convince him not to go.
His surprise was hurtful and obvious. “Wow, ok, I thought it would take a little longer than that,” he laughed, that familiar smile returning to his face. 
I moved closer, pressing my fingers to his chest. “I’m just a mess. The hormones make me crazy. I think, as we get closer to the leech…I mean, the baby being born, the more I worry about how things will change,” I confessed, heart jumping. I was wracked with uncertainty, feeling stupid to have put myself in this situation in the first place. 
Joseph put his hands on my shoulders and looked me in the eye. “I’m scared too, Rosa. Don’t you get it? I don’t want to lose you. I don’t know what will happen when the baby comes. I’m not sure how I will feel, or how you will feel.” His eyes left mine and he looked past me. “Sometimes I worry this was a mistake.” I went cold, sharp shivers shooting through me.
I hated how desperate I sounded when I said, “It’s not. Whatever happens later, I will always be glad that I had this, no matter how painful the rest might be. Don’t give up on me yet, Joseph. You know, you can’t always predict what I might do,” I said, smiling sadly.
“Oh, I know that!” he laughed as his arms slipped from my shoulders to my waist and he pulled me to his chest. 
“So, it’s not a mistake?” I asked, looking up into his eyes.
“Oh, it definitely is!” he said, grinning, “But I don’t care.”
I wanted to say, then don’t go, but I knew it wouldn’t change his mind. He wasn’t as stubborn as me, but he was pretty close. I thought of going with him but I would only make them take longer. Instead, we climbed the hill that rose from behind our little cabin to watch the sunset. Joseph had to push me up the hill, but it was worth it to get to the top. We could see the mounds of grassy hills; rocky patches sliding into creeks and wooded forests. It felt like we were the only humans that had been here in hundreds of years. We probably were. 
The sky was cloudy, which made for a more spectacular sunset. Colors of purple pierced bright oranges and deep dark reds the color of blood. We sat in the wet grass and watched the sun slip below the hills. I leaned into his chest, his warm arms wrapped around my shoulders, his shirt, uncharacteristically, buttoned at the wrist. His legs sprawled on either side of me and I felt cocooned, safe in my space between his chest and his worn, dirt-caked boots. I sighed at the state of them. All that walking. We had both come so far.
I placed a hand on his knee and he shifted slightly. “Don’t go,” I said, feeling tears welling. Panic and hope mixed together. I was annoyed that I said it. I didn’t want to be this person. This pathetic wreck, so tied to him. I was angry too. He opened me up, and now he was leaving, again. I felt like I would stay open until he returned, a throbbing wound bound together loosely by dirty string. I could have been happy before, but he changed what happiness meant.
“Rosa, don’t worry. I won’t be gone long. It’ll only be a couple of days. It will give you a chance to miss me,” he said, but his cheek was unconvincing. 
I closed my mouth. Anything I said would only sound like begging, and it wouldn’t make any difference anyway. I was full of misgivings about this trip and I knew the next few days would be unbearable.
We stayed there for hours, talking and laughing. He held my hand and I kissed his fingers one by one. He nuzzled his now scruffy face in my hair and caressed my neck. We were determined to enjoy this last night together. Somewhere, the panic lifted and I floated away on a cloud of happiness and tiredness. 
I only had a slight awareness I was moving, my head fuzzy from sleep. He lowered me into my bed, now propped up off the floor by fur and dried grass. It was warm and comfortable. I sunk into it, awaiting the extra warmth of his body beside my own, the comforting sound of his slow, even breathing. But all I could hear was a faint clattering. I opened my eyes drowsily to see him stuffing things into his backpack. I opened my mouth but he beat me to it, whispering, “The sooner I leave, the sooner I will be back.”
“No,” I begged, finding my voice. I pulled myself up, fighting sleep. “Please. At least leave in the morning.” My voice stripped down, withering and pathetic. 
“All right,” he sighed, placing his pack against the wall. He climbed into the bag with me and I snuggled into his chest. I wished I could hide his pack or find some other way to stop him or delay his leaving. I fell asleep, concocting ideas of how I would convince him to stay in the morning. 
When I opened my eyes to the beginning of morning, Joseph and Careen were gone.



There are so many things I didn’t understand. Needs and wants I didn’t even know I had. Not until it was too late.

The next two days were absolute agony. When I realized he’d left, I was furious, throwing things around in a fit of anger. When I calmed down, I found a scrawled note on a scrap of wood. 
‘Sorry I left without saying goodbye. Knew you would make me stay. Back soon. I love you. Joseph.’
I threw it out the window, the scrap slicing through the air like a saw blade. Feeling tethered to it like it was my last shred of hope, I ran outside and retrieved it. I held it close to my heart while the others watched, feeling like an idiot, but having no other tangible thing to hold onto. I was so worried. There were so many dangerous things out there. I thought about the wolves, the yellow-eyed animals. I shuddered. It was terrifying to think of him being attacked again.
I turned my focus on Hessa and finishing shutters for the window. Distraction was the key. The fireplace was finished and drying. I laid Hessa next to me as I used the axe to plane down planks of wood ready to attach to each other for window shutters. He watched me with his perfect blue eyes, squinting as the sun grabbed around my shadow. He held his hands in front of his face, mesmerized by them one second and sucking on them the next. I handed him his doll and let him suck on that. Sometimes it was like his mother was staring back at me. It calmed me. I felt her invisible arm link with mine. I played with his tiny feet, tickled his toes, and watched his delighted face when I held them up for him to see, like they were not his own. He made me laugh and brought me out of my miserable state, for a little while. 
Towards the end of the day, the sky darkened. Hessa’s face was shrouded in shadows. I worked on, until the first splashes of water hit his little face. 
I pulled myself up slowly and brought Hessa out of the rain. This would be a good test for our cabin. The clay had been drying for about a week. I hoped it was enough time. I pick Hessa up and walked towards the dark wood shelter, the need for a door very evident as rain cascaded down the gap, creating a curtain of water to pass through. The others filtered in from the forest with various handfuls of nuts and fruit, tumbling them into a blanket by the fireplace. I laid Hessa on my bed and made a fire. The sudden chill in the air was hurting my lungs. It had changed so quickly. 
I thought of Joseph and Careen and prayed they’d found shelter somewhere. 
I struggled to light the fire. Damp wood, damp matches. I blew on it, trying to persuade a flame. Slowly sparks crept up around the timber. But once I had it going, the room filled with smoke; dark grey smoke, pushing forward and pouring out the windows. Hessa was coughing. Our eyes were stinging. The chimney must have been blocked, or had collapsed outside. I smothered the fire, then, using the water that was pouring from where the door should be, I completely extinguished it. 
The cabin was only leaking in one corner of the room. But rain was streaming through the uncovered windows. We moved all our stuff into the dry corner and stayed close to each other for warmth. I used some of our only nails to hammer a blanket over the windows, which helped a little. The rain had certainly pointed out some things that needed to be fixed. It was going to be a damp, miserable night.
I couldn’t sleep. I was too concerned for Joseph and Careen. Listening to the wind blowing outside, it sounded devilish, howling and whipping the trees. I worried about the strength of our cabin. If it fell down on us, we would be crushed by the trunks on the roof. It held strong. I pictured Careen and Joseph huddling together in the cold, as we were. At least I started to, until my imagination had them crawling all over each other and I felt sick to my stomach. It wasn’t going to happen, I convinced myself. I held Hessa close and concentrated on keeping him warm. 
Deshi was awake too. Apella and Alexei were intertwined with one another and had fallen asleep in a tangle. 
“Don’t worry, I’m sure they’re fine,” Deshi said unconvincingly. He held out his hands out for Hessa, but I wasn’t giving him up tonight. 
I shook my head. “Don’t you worry—there is no way I’ll sleep tonight. You try and get some rest.”
“You forget, I worry about Joseph the same way you do,” he said, annoyed. I nodded. There were no words for him.
Changing the subject, I asked, “What do you think of Careen?”
He laughed. “If you’re asking—do I think she’ll have a go with Joseph, absolutely!” 
My heart stopped.
“Just ask me if you think he would rise to the bait,” he said, leading. I didn’t say anything and he answered himself, “Absolutely not.”
He put his hand on my arm and patted it awkwardly. “You have nothing to worry about.” 
“Yeah, except them freezing to death, or being attacked by an animal, or not having enough to eat,” I said bitingly.
“Ha, yeah, except for that.”
I laughed despite myself. 
“Rosa, I don’t think you understand just how much he loves you.”
I squirmed uncomfortably. A cloud of memories rustled up, like shaking a blanket full of dust. Bits billowing out, some floating away, others getting stuck up your nose; a choking feeling, making you want to sneeze.
“I do,” I said quietly, but I sounded unsure. I knew how I felt, but his feelings had always seemed a bit confused in my mind. There was the before and the after. Before, when we were in Pau, when he wanted to be close and then pushed me away, the after when he told me to leave him alone at the Classes. Then there was the before that I didn’t know about, those four months I was missing, where he said he never stopped looking for me. The next after, was yet to come. After the baby was born.
Deshi laughed, but there was a bitter edge to it. “No, you don’t.” He looked to the door, watching the water streaming down the entrance, almost solid. “When you were at the Classes, did you ever see how much pain he was in?”
Most of my memories were of him joking around and talking to his friends. There were only a couple of times that he gave the impression that he was less than happy. I held my heart, feeling like if I didn’t, it would fall out of my chest. These memories were too painful. They brought with them visions of Rash, Henri, blood and broken faces. I just shook my head.
“He was in agony. He wanted to talk to you, but he knew you had no future together; he was trying to do the right thing. But by the time he had decided to tell you how he felt, it was too late, you were gone.” Deshi’s hands fell flatly on his crossed legs. “When you disappeared, so did Joseph. He was tormented. He barely ate or slept. I don’t know why, but I think he blamed himself, like he could have stopped it.” Deshi shook his head. I knew Deshi blamed me; he probably blamed me for a lot of things.
“Anyway, what I’m trying to say is, he would never jeopardize the delicate ‘thing’ you have, not in a million years.” He said it with distaste. He didn’t get it. I’m not sure I really did either. All I knew was how it felt.
He looked at me, eyes tracking up and down, narrowing. I knew he didn’t think I was worth it. Our relationship always tipped back and forth like this. Talking about Joseph was a mistake for us. It hurt.
I tried hard not to sound jealous when I said, “Do you think he is safe with her?”
“I don’t know.”
I rolled my eyes, “Well, that’s comforting”
“She’s a bit crazy, but I don’t think she’d hurt him. I think she’s just traumatized or something.”
I stared into my lap, Hessa folded neatly into the crook of my arm. Was I traumatized? Probably.



At some point in our conversation, the rain started to ease. A damp, dreary morning peeked through the doorway, mist rising off the grass. We roused ourselves and surveyed the damage. The top of the fireplace had collapsed, dark grey stones and clay scattered on the ground. But apart from that, everything looked ok. The cabin had held up remarkably well through the storm. We identified the holes and started working to fix the problems. The fireplace needed to be shorter and wider to make it more stable. Once it was repaired, we lit a fire and let it burn all day, baking the stonework and drying the cabin out. 
Apella and Alexei went into the forest to search for food. I tried following them once but I felt I could barely walk two steps without feeling the weight of the leech pushing down. I needed to go to the toilet all the time and I felt quite sure, if I walked too far, the child would fall out. Bang! Like a chicken dropping an egg. 
Apella asked me to lie down and she poked and prodded my stomach. Squeezing me like an orange. She informed me that the baby was engaged. I giggled, “What? Already? When’s the wedding?” Apella almost smiled. Almost. She explained the head was down and that’s why I felt pressure. So, it was standing on its head and bouncing up and down on my bladder. Great. She also said not to worry, this could happen weeks before the baby was actually born but I should try not to push myself.
Every time someone went past the tree line and returned, my heart cartwheeled. I could always hear them coming before I saw them and I hoped against hope that it was Joseph, stomping through the forest. It never was. 
The forest was looking sparser now, more leaves on the ground than the branches, looking like stark, straggly fingers reaching to the sky, calling the snow. The colors of the leaves reminded me of the sunset we had viewed from the top of our hill. I could almost feel him breathing into my neck, his strong arms holding me. Almost, but not quite. I knew he had probably reached the city by now but there was no way he would be back today unless he ran all the way. I dreaded another night alone but at least the rain had moved on. With the fireplace repaired, hopefully we would get some sleep.
Deshi helped me drag the heavy shutters inside. We leaned them in the windows, leaving a crack for ventilation. Deshi settled Hessa and gave him a bottle. We ate in silence, chewing on Careen’s dried rabbit. All of us wondering where they were, whether they had found anything, and when they would be back.
Apella parted the silence with her wispy voice. “Rosa, I have been meaning to say thank you.”
I looked at her incredulously. Thank me for what? I had been nothing but mean to her from the moment we left the facility.
“Without your knowledge and persistence, we never would have built this home. We would have kept walking and ended up freezing to death. This was a good idea,” she finished.
I felt myself blushing, unused to the attention, the adulation. “Well, I guess I should thank you too. For rescuing me, I mean.” I only half-meant it but I attempted to smile. She was trying. She leaned over to me and hugged me. My body stiffened in reply.
She composed herself, tightening her face, straightening her clothing, reminding me of my mother; unable to really show emotion. Uncomfortable that she had displayed vulnerability. I knew deep down that was why I found Apella so hard to deal with. 
“Aw, well, isn’t that sweet,” Deshi cooed, shaking his head from side to side, slowly. I shot him a dark look.
Alexei stuttered as he patted me on the back, “I’m sure they’ll be back tomorrow, try and get some sleep, dear.”
We curled up around the fire. The cabin was warm and felt secure and safe. Surprisingly, I fell asleep quickly, the stress of the last two days stripping me of the will to keep my eyes open. 
I dreamed I was in the ruins of the city again. I felt different. Looking down at my stomach, it was smooth and flat. I touched it, panicked. My hands coasting over a tight blue top and shiny pants. I was screaming. ‘Where’s my baby? Where’s my baby?’ as I searched frantically, overturning whatever was in my way. Hearing a cry, I changed direction. I kept searching as yellow eyes closed in on me. Laughing as their tails curled and whipped. In the distance, I could see Joseph holding a child. He looked at me for a second, smiling, then returned his gaze to the baby in his arms and walked away. The yellow eyes pounced on me, tearing my flesh with their claws as I kept screaming, ‘My baby, my baby,’ over and over again. One of them cupped its hand over my mouth, speaking. ‘You can’t scream, no one screams here’.
I woke up sweating and cold. It was still dark and the fire was out. I heard birds calling and knew it must not be far from morning. I dragged myself up and brought my knees to my chest, well, as close as I could anyway. My dream was echoing in my head. Something was wrong and, for the first time, I was fearful for my baby. 
I put a dry log on the fire, watching the coals brighten and begin the dance of sparks to flames. I leaned down and blew, anxious to feel the heat. “Joseph, come home.” I wished into the coals. I sat there and waited for the others to wake. They were taking too long, so I grabbed a blanket and made my way outside in the darkness. I scrambled up the hill. It was much harder without Joseph’s hands on my back but I got to the top in time to see the sunrise. 
It was grey and then suddenly a flourish of color. The blood red sending shivers down my spine. It spread over the hills like a great hand. Lighting the darkness and stirring the wildlife. 
I sent my love out over the hills and through the valley, willing it to reach him and pull him back to me. I prayed he would burst through the trees at any second. I sat and stared at the place where I thought he would return. Nothing. Soon the others would be wondering where I was, so I made my way down the hill, slipping several times on the dewy grass.
No one ate breakfast. Everyone kept staring off in the distance waiting, watching. If they came back now it would be miraculously fast but logic had no place in our thoughts. Like it or not we had created a little family and right now two of its members were missing. None of us would feel right until they returned.
The cabin was about two-hundred meters from the edge of the forest. None of us wanted to go far, so we all sat outside, trying to keep busy by packing extra mud into the cabin walls or playing with Hessa, all of us watching the edge of the forest diligently. I started fashioning a broom to sweep the floor with. Initially, we thought we wouldn’t have time to make a proper floor, but now it seemed we could lay some stones. I spoke to Deshi and we spent some time finding nice flat ones we could use. By lunchtime, we had a decent-sized pile. Time was passing so slowly it was painful. 
We stacked the stones inside and I crouched down and started digging holes to match their shapes. It was therapeutic, assessing their shape, size, and thickness and fitting them together like a jigsaw puzzle. We didn’t talk, both too anxious to make conversation, so we worked silently. We’d laid about five stones when Deshi picked one up to hand to me and then stopped, smiling as he glanced out the window. He put the stone down and held out his hand, pulling me to my feet. 
There he was, walking casually out of the woods. He moved slowly and deliberately. Almost mechanically. I ran outside. He was less than one hundred and fifty meters away. I ran towards him, the joy coursing through my veins, the gold running over me like rain. I would have skipped if I could.
Where was Careen?
He put his hand up as if to wave and then stopped, clutching his chest. Something was wrong. I started running, gold turning to slick black oil. If I could get there, maybe I could stop it. My face stung with tears, as I ran as fast as my body would allow, feeling the weight of the baby pulling me down.
One-hundred meters. 
He looked at me, confused, and he fell to his knees. His hands braced his body for a second before they crumpled under his weight and he was lying face first in the dirt. Careen appeared from the forest, running as fast as she could. Her face fierce and concentrated. She didn’t even stop as she passed Joseph and headed for the cabin. 
“They’re coming!” she screamed.
I didn’t listen. I was nearly there. I could hear the others running towards us. Frantic footfalls sounding like a stampede.
Twenty meters.
I approached him slowly. When I reached his twisted body I leaned down, afraid to touch him. I reached out a trembling hand and stroked his blond curls. I whispered, “Joseph?”
He moaned. I eased him onto his side. His right arm was soaked in blood. I carefully peeled back his shirtsleeve. What I saw was beyond description. The red rawness was replaced with a gaping wound, blood and pus mangling his perfect skin. Tiny blue veins tracked up his arm. I followed them and pulled open his shirt, buttons diving from his chest like crickets. Tiny spider web veins spun their way grotesquely towards his heart.
He looked at me but right through me. He blinked once and then he exhaled slowly. I watched his parted lips, waiting for him to inhale. One second, two seconds, three seconds…Hysteria rising, my own breathing fast and uneven. I shook him. He lay limp. The others had reached me. 
“No!” I screamed. “Do something. Help him!” My voice was alien, panicked and high pitched. 
I threw myself across his body and wailed. I kept screaming, “Wake up, wake up. I can’t do this without you. Wake up.”



The pain was immense, like someone had stuck a live wire to my body and jolted me with electricity. My skin prickled and vibrated, tiny needles jabbing me all over. I put my head down to kiss his cold lips, shaking uncontrollably, hardly able to connect. This wasn’t happening. It had to be a dream. “Wake up!” I screamed again. His eyes were vacant and terrifying. 
Wind whipped my hair around, like a tornado had come from nowhere to pluck me from this place. I held onto him tightly. They would have to tear me from him.
More pain. It started in my back and crept around to the front of my stomach, hardening as it went. Like fingers reaching around me from behind, it clasped tightly around my belly and locked like a stone vault. Wind and buzzing filled my ears. Careen screamed over the noise, “They’re here!”
Arms dragged me backwards. Someone whispered, “Let go,” impatiently as they wrenched me from Joseph. My eyes focused on the crescent-shaped wounds on Joseph’s good arm, filling with blood from where my fingernails had been digging into his flesh. 
“No, no, no, no!” I screamed, until I was suddenly rendered silent as more pain shot through me, making my legs spasm and my head cloudy. I watched my deadened feet plowing the ground. Leaving a path of dug-up dirt back to where my heart lay.
Apella was kneeling over Joseph, pumping his chest with her folded hands. Leaning down and blowing into his mouth. I craned my head, waiting for his hand to move. Waiting for him to sit up and laugh, telling Apella to stop kissing him, he was spoken for. 
Nothing.
Above her a chopper was hovering, a man climbed down a ladder a rope ladder that was swinging uncontrollably. Shots rang out, splitting the air like a whip crack. The man fell dead from the ladder but another was descending after him. More shots, this time ringing out from two different locations. Joseph and the others were getting farther and farther away. I couldn’t put the two scenarios together. It was a jumble of images. Was he dead?
I heard a massive explosion, booming thunder. The ground shook. Alexei and Apella were running, dragging Joseph across the ground, slipping and struggling under his weight. Deshi was running with Hessa, towards me, covering the baby’s face with his hand. Then a mass of people seemed to come out of nowhere, surrounding us. The burning helicopter, blades still turning slowly, whipped up the dirt behind them. I couldn’t make sense of anything I was seeing. 
The dragging stopped. People ran past me. Two men had Joseph under the arms and someone was holding his feet. He was grey and lifeless. His body didn’t respond to being jerked up and down as they carried him. 
He was dead.
I felt myself spinning out of control. I was trying to breath but I couldn’t suck in any air, it was too painful, it burned, crushing me under an invisible weight. I was drowning. The despair was more than I could stand. 
I heard voices but the words were nonsensical.
“The monkeys must have turned it on.” 
“They followed the signal.”
“Yes, six of them.”
“One fatality.”
Was I going mad? I clawed my way out but the pain was dragging me back under, working its way into my ribs, trying to part them and pry me open like a can of beans. Where was Joseph? I needed to see him now. I grasped at imaginary fingers, craving his touch like it was the only thing that would stop me from sinking into the dark forever.
“Joseph!” I shrieked one last time as a door shut in my face. The green of the hills disappeared. The smell of damp dirt filled my nostrils. There was no air here.
I was underground.



How can I do this alone? Everything has been turned around and I no longer know where I am or what I am supposed to be doing. The guiding light is gone. The gold has turned to lead. I’m sinking and I have no will to fight it. I hate you for leaving me here. I hate you both.

The impatient voice was speaking to me. Less impatient and more irritated. Asking me to get up, could I walk? I didn’t want to walk. I didn’t want to move. The ground was hard and cool. It felt like as good a place as any to give up. I lay with my cheek pressed to it, waiting for the next onslaught of pain to attack me. Hoping it would tear me open and kill me right there.
But it wouldn’t leave me alone. I wanted to sink under water, drown in my grief, but it wouldn’t let me. It pulled me to sitting and tore at my arms. Get up! It rumbled and tightened until I couldn’t stand to lie there anymore. Get up!
Apella approached me, her perfect face shadowed with concern. She seemed far away, turning her head and muttering quietly to these strange people dressed in greens and browns. “We need to move her; she’ll be safer further underground.” 
No.
“No!” I cried. “I’m not going anywhere.”
I tried to stand but my legs strained and more pain hit me like a sledgehammer. My body vibrated, as if struck like a bell. 
They whispered to each other and then Apella nodded minutely.
Strange, covered feet were in my vision, white canvas shoes with dark stars on them, muddy and worn, one lace untied. The wearer leaned down, a dark shadow of a face, and squeezed my neck between his thumb and forefinger. Everything went dim, muffled voices, a sharp intake of breath, and then it was black. 



I half-hoped I was dead, but the intensity of the pain that woke me was so strong I actually started scrambling backwards to escape it. I hit my head on the back of a bed. Apella and Deshi were both there, looking at me with pity or fear, I wasn’t sure. Apella placed a cool hand on my forehead.
“You’re in labor, Rosa, it won’t be long now,” she said calmly. 
I hated her. I focused all my anger on her tiny, pale face. Willing it to crack and crumble like a shattered plate. How could she be so calm? Joseph was dead. We were captured. I surveyed the room quickly. There were things I recognized, like the hospital bed and the white sheets but there were other things I didn’t get, like the roof of the room was carved rock. And why was Deshi allowed to be in here with me? There was one other person in the room, a tall man with blondish hair. He walked over to me and held my wrist. He was wearing tan pants and a colorful check shirt with the familiar white coat over the top. He looked to be in his late thirties. He smiled at me. I just stared blankly back. Things didn’t fit. Where the hell was I?
I was about to ask when the pain and hardening began again. I held my stomach as it rippled across my body and cried softly. A small whimper. Closing my eyes, I tried to dig right inside the pain. Any distraction to stop me from thinking about Joseph’s lifeless body, or kissing his cold, cold lips. 
Someone took my hand. It was cool and damp. I didn’t open my eyes. I clenched them closed. I would pretend it was him. If I didn’t look, I could hold onto him for just a little bit longer. I gripped onto the hand tightly. I can do this, I’ll get it out, and then I can leave.
“You’re doing great, Rosa, keep going. I know it’s hard...But Joseph...” Deshi couldn’t finish his sentence. I could hear him sniffling. 
“No one speak, please,” I ordered, waving my hand around the room threateningly. 
I imagined he was next to me, rubbing my back and pulling my hair out of my face. ‘You’re a mess,’ he would whisper, grinning. Sweat dripped over my brow and into my eyes, I swiped it away. If he was here, I could do this. If he was here, I could do this better.
Trembling, I could feel it coming on stronger now. So close together, I couldn’t breathe between them. Like an assault, with no way to counter. It felt like I was being stretched, a crowbar between every bone in my spine pulling me open, breaking me apart, piece by piece.
I screamed. An unnatural howling scream that came from deep within, carrying with it the physical and emotional suffering I was enduring at that moment. I heard glass shattering, metal trays hitting the ground, and people crying out, close by. “Stop, wait!” a woman yelled.
Something was telling me I had to get up. Get up. Move, now.
Eyes still closed, I dragged myself off the bed, stopping to bow over every thirty seconds, as the contractions hit and then passed. I opened my eyes and steadied myself against the wall, inching myself slowly towards the door. 
The man with the tan pants walked towards me. I put my hands up, ready to push him away, “Don’t touch me. Please, I need to…” I pleaded through quivering lips. I didn’t know what I needed to do but I had to move. He didn’t try and stop me, he didn’t speak, he just gently pulled my arm around his neck and supported me as I walked. Apella walked next to me, “There’s not much time,” she whispered, telling me, or him I wasn’t sure. He nodded. I ignored her. I wasn’t sure where I was going, but I pushed through my pain, breathing and timing my steps between. I was propelled forward by an invisible force and, with nothing left to lead me, no hope to hold onto to, I abandoned myself to it. I got to the door and Deshi pushed it open for me.



A metal bar came straight at my face and I fell backwards onto the floor, blood gushing from a cut across my cheek. The pain of the cut was barely noticeable compared to the contractions. A sticky, cold, liquid spilled all over my front. My legs buckled, I knew that was it, I could go no further. I closed my eyes.
“Oh God, I’m sorry. Rosa, Rosa, are you all right?” Someone was shaking me.
A hand was at my face, warm and familiar. Was I dead? 
I daren’t open my eyes. I kept them shut as the hand attached to a strong arm pulled me into a lap. 
Unfortunately, I couldn’t be dead as the sudden and acute need to push was upon me. Someone steadied me as I pulled my legs up and pushed for all I was worth. I opened my eyes narrowly. Apella was facing me. Her eyes were focused as she looked into mine and said, “Rosa, try not to push.” Something was wrong. 
“What? What is it?” A frantic voice whispered as I held my breath.
“The cord is wrapped around the baby’s neck.” 
It hit me and the urge to push again was so strong I wasn’t sure I could fight it, it felt wrong. Then that voice uttered deep and low in my ear. “Hold on. Just hold on.” If I was imagining it, I didn’t want to know. I just closed my eyes and listened. Letting the words wash over me, sprinkling gold dust over my eyelashes. Panting and clenching my fists, I kept fighting. I was always fighting.
After what seemed like forever, Apella said, “Ok, next one you can push.”
I couldn’t keep going. If this ended, would my delusion disappear? I would be alone again. My energy was gone. Let it kill me, I thought. 
“I can’t,” I replied, listless, I let my arms fall to the floor. My legs relaxed. I gave up. “He’s gone,” I said and I wanted to go with him.
“What’s wrong with her?” I heard Deshi say, confused. 
“She’s under too much stress,” Apella replied.
I felt warm hands take up my bleeding face.
“Open your eyes,” he said
I shook my head, “No.” 
“You are so stubborn,” he said with a weak laugh. I felt warm breath on my face and anticipated his lips touching mine. The kiss was unlike anything I had felt before, intense and sweet, painful and almost frightening. The lips pulled away. “Open your eyes,” he asked again.
I opened one eye briefly. I saw a flash of blond curls. His scruffy face was as grey as breakfast but the smile on his face was real and full of smashing color.
“One more push, Rosa, then it’s over,” the man in the white coat said kindly, but urgently.
Joseph put his arms under my own and entwined his fingers with mine. I summoned what I could, sure it would not be enough, and pushed. 
It was out. 
Finally. 
The release was tangible. The flood of relief overwhelming. 
I waited to hear a cry. With Clara, Hessa had cried almost immediately. Apella was holding it in her arms, rubbing its body down fervently with a towel. We were all silent, watching, waiting. She concentrated her fingers on its chest, rubbing gently in small, circular motions.
“Waaaaa!” it cried and announced itself to the world. An unearthly caterwaul that hurt my ears. I turned away.
I shivered, feeling cold, my body retreating from the trauma. They covered us both in a thick, fur-lined blanket. I lay there in his arms on the corridor floor. 
“You did it,” he whispered, his chin resting on my shoulder. I turned. He looked sick, his face pasty and pale, but he was alive. My brain gave up trying to understand how this was possible. Questions could be answered in time. “You look beautiful,” he said, not taking his eyes off me, despite the commotion going on around us. 
He was attached to several machines that he had dragged down the corridor with him. The metal bar that had hit my face was lying next to us, a stand for a fluid bag.
“Ha, I was sure you would tell me I was a mess!” I laughed.
“You are,” he said, “but a beautiful one.”
I rolled my eyes, looking over to the others, all smiling down on us. Apella held a child swaddled in cotton. I raised my eyebrows, questioning.
She understood. “He’s fine.”
The leech was a boy.



Five minutes after the birth of our son, Joseph’s heart stopped. As he had before, outside, he clutched his chest in pain, tried to breathe but couldn’t, and then he fell to the side of me.
I sat there in shock and watched as they dragged him away. His usually large form looked oddly small. They put metal pads to his chest and yelled ‘clear!’. His body pulsed unnaturally, rising as if attached to the pads by magnets. They did this again and again. His heart would start and then it would stop, over and over. I sat there shrouded in a blanket, an onlooker to the chaos, barely noticing the people fussing around me.



Now I sit in my room. Pieces of the puzzle slowly filter through as visitors come and go, feeding me small bits of information. They had me in with the baby to start with, but after two days, I asked them to take him away. 

One thing I knew, Apella was right all along. These people were the survivors. They were not from the Woodlands and, as of yet, I didn’t exactly know where they came from.
Joseph lay in the bed next to mine, breathing with the aid of a machine. It pumped air in and out of his lungs for him, squeezing in and out like a concertina. The blip of the heart monitor, a comforting noise, let me know, for now, he was alive. How had it come to this, so quickly, so violently? 
The kind doctor, who introduced himself as Matthew after all the confusion had subsided, explained it to me carefully, repeating it several times, as it took a while to sink in. Joseph had been bitten by a spider.
“A spider?” I raised my eyebrows dubiously. 
“Yes,” he said running his hand through his hair casually. “Think of it as a tiny, microscopic killer with eight legs, smaller than a grain of sand.”
“Is this supposed to make me feel better?” I asked, scowling.
A warm smile spread across his face and I felt my temper calm. He tipped his chin, “You asked me, remember?” His voice was the timbre of honey, slow, deliberate. Sure. I crossed my arms and listened. “Joseph would never have seen it. They are translucent and live inside the rings of the tree trunks.” Guilt stabbed me, jagged and pulsing. It must have come out of one of the trees I had asked the boys to fell for the cabin. 
Matthew moved to Joseph and pointed to his ragged arm. “The venom started here, eroding the skin as it went.” I covered my mouth, feeling the heave of a cry creeping up my throat. They had left it open so the wound could breathe. The muscle was gone and it was a concave mash of red flesh. It hurt me so much to see him this way. 
Matthew returned to me. I watched his lips moving, the way his mouth turned up on one side as he spoke, “The poison worked its way through his system, arriving at his heart. Usually it takes a long time to get to the heart, but because he ran so far, the blood was pumping faster around his body. It sped the whole process up.” 
“So he should have died,” I said, feeling deadened myself. 
Matthew nodded, his hands clasped across his lap. He lifted his hand and I thought he was going to touch me but he just rearranged the covers around my knees. “We got to him in time,” he said.
While I was in labor, Joseph was in the other room, close to death but fighting. They administered the anti-venom and began the process of cleansing his blood of the poison. He was awake. He had asked for me and they had told him I was safe. They didn’t tell him I was in labor.
Then I’d screamed. 
“They tried to hold him down. The nurses were swinging from his arms like pendulums,” Matthew said with humor in his eyes, “but he’s strong. He was too strong.” 
I winced as I heard how Joseph followed my screams; unaware of how sick he was or what damage he was doing to himself, dragging monitors and bags of blood and fluid with him. It was so hard to hear. If I had just kept my mouth shut, maybe he would have been ok. It made me feel sick to think of the choices I had made and what they had done to the people I loved. 
Matthew moved to check Joseph’s monitor, putting a stethoscope in his ears and listening to Joseph’s heart. “Adrenalin makes the heart pump blood faster,” he said with his hands on Joseph’s chest. “It pushed the leftover poison straight to his heart, causing the second heart attack.” 
Heart attack. He was nineteen, strong and healthy. He shouldn’t have had a heart attack. He never would have if he hadn’t met me.
Matthew put his hand on mine. “So now we just need to wait. His body needs time to repair.”
I looked over at what was left of my Joseph. His strong jaw looked hollowed, his sun-kissed skin was now pale and yellow. He looked ten years older than he was. All the same, he was beautiful.
“But he will wake up?” I asked, although it sounded like pleading.
“I don’t know, but there is hope,” Matthew said with a reassuring smile. He made me feel comfortable. His ease of talking, the way he planted himself on the end of the bed without asking, was unlike any doctor I’d ever met.
“What can I do?” I leaned in, my eyes exploding out of my head with desperation.
He smiled gently and patted my hand. “Just look after yourself and your baby. Joseph’s going to want to see you both happy and well when he wakes up.”
I sunk into my pillow, which smelled like mildewed feathers. Was that all? I had tried. But for me, the overwhelming feeling I’d had after giving birth was release. I’d spent the last four months dreaming of having the thing out of me. Now that it was, it was hard to feel anything other than relief. My worry for Joseph took up most of my time—there was little room in my head or my heart for the baby.
“Have you thought of a name?” Matthew asked as he paused in the doorway, his hand wrapped around the scuffed yellow doorframe.
I shook my head. I’d always thought Joseph would name it. He was the one who wanted the baby. I reached over and touched Joseph’s hand. It was warm. I wondered if that was all we were going to be allowed. Just those short two months together. It had gone so fast. I wish I had taken the time to appreciate it while I was there. But then I didn’t know it was going to be ripped out of my shaking arms. 
I pulled myself back in time and dreamed of his hands touching my face, his lips caressing my neck. Where did it go? It disappeared like a wisp of smoke disturbed. I reached out to grab it but it was nothing and slipped through my fingers. I rocked back and forth, hugging my knees. I ached, thinking I might never get it back. 



Every day they brought the baby in to feed. Which I did. I wasn’t a monster; I didn’t want him to starve. Feeding was a strange feeling and I wasn’t entirely sure how I felt about it. I imagined Joseph would laugh at my awkwardness, my shyness about people seeing me with my shirt up. The baby fed well but screamed every time they took him away. I closed my ears to it. I couldn’t be what they wanted me to be. 
I focused on connecting the floating puzzle pieces I had garnered so far. But it was difficult, the people never stayed too long, they always seemed bustled and busy. They were cagey. When I asked them questions, they quickly made excuses and left. They didn’t seem dangerous but there was a silent threat in their aloofness.
When Careen bounced into my room, I was surprised. I hadn’t seen her since the day the baby was born and I thought maybe she’d left. She swept her hair behind her ears, the fluorescent lights streaking it the color of autumn leaves, and said flatly, “Where’s your baby?”
I sighed, my own hair swung like a ragged curtain in front of my eyes, the color of dull dirt. “I don’t know.”
Her eyebrow arched, but for once she didn’t blurt out whatever she was thinking. I waited for it to return to its normal position over her stunning blue eyes before I asked, “Careen, what happened?” My arms splayed open, palms up, like I was asking the heavens, “How did it all go so wrong?”
She flinched at my emotional tone and moved away. Seeming unaware of Joseph in a coma next to my bed, she plonked herself at his feet and put her hand on his leg. I resisted the urge to slap her because I wanted to hear what she had to say. 
She paused, her eyes dancing about in her head like she was searching for the answer up there. When she finally opened her mouth, I jumped. “The trip there was pretty boring,” she said lightly, “Your Joseph was a complete gentleman.”
“He always is,” I snapped. 
She smiled to herself, twirling a strand of hair around her finger. “On that rainy night, he gave me his blanket.” I gathered the sheets in my fists, trying not to turn her from a strawberry blond to a patchy bald girl. “He was scratching his arm a lot but I just thought he was nervous.” I rolled my eyes, wondering how someone who’d survived on her own for so long could be so blind to her surroundings. I cursed myself again for not being there. I would’ve known something was wrong. I squeezed my fists tighter, my nails digging into my palms. It was a good pain, a distracting one, but it wasn’t enough. I knew something was wrong before he left but I let him go.
Careen’s eyes swept over my hands, which were attempting to turn my sheets to dust, and said, “The place was swarming with soldiers. We nearly walked straight into some but Joseph saw them and pulled me behind a wall. They were talking about us.” She stood up straight, imitating the conversation they’d overheard. “Stupid kids. They must have switched it from reader to communicator.” 
“Well, they must be here somewhere and we are not to leave until we find the two boys and Apella. The rest don’t matter.”
She giggled, covering her mouth. “You know, they were monkeys.”
I ran my hand through my tangle of hair and leaned my cheek into it. “What were monkeys?” I asked, exasperated.
“The yellow eyes, dopey,” she said through her perfectly shaped lips, like it was obvious. “The survivors said the monkeys were playing with the reader and made the switch. It set off a signal, which was easy enough for the soldiers to follow.” That wasn’t funny. It was frightening to know they were looking for us and they knew our last location.
“Careen, focus.”
She waved me off dismissively. “Anyway, once Joseph heard that, he started running. Yelling at me that we had to warn you guys.” She frowned, her delicate nose pinched in concentration. “I guess they heard us or something because halfway back, we heard the choppers.” She put her hand to her heart. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know he was sick. I think I would have helped him if I’d known.” I stared down at my fingers, still splintered from working on the cabin. I was scared of what I might say if I looked at her. “When he fell down, that’s when I knew something was wrong, but by then, well, you know,” her eyes flicked to the monitors. I shuddered at the memory of him walking towards us. The way happiness had swelled inside me and then was quickly replaced with fear and throat-closing panic.
She patted his leg. So she did notice he was there. “That’s all I know really. The green hills all around here are hollowed out. The survivors don’t live here; they send people up to keep tabs on the Superiors. They seem nice, don’t you think?”
She tilted her head, waiting for me to respond. I just stared at her hand on Joseph’s leg, boring holes in her long, slender fingers with my narrowed eyes. Finally, she became uncomfortable and said her goodbyes. She was going to explore the rest of the mounds that day. She skipped out the door, without a care in the world. 



Apella and Deshi visited me more than anyone else. Apella, ever hopeful, brought the baby in to see me as often as she could. I knew she was caring for him, but I can’t say it bothered me. She was capable.
Deshi brought Hessa to see me as well. I laid him on the bed in front of me, sitting cross-legged on the mattress. His big blue eyes stared at the light above my head. I stroked his dark skin and smiled. Something hummed in my chest, an uncomfortable squeezing. I know you’re disappointed in me, Clara. I thought of her clear eyes, everything about her was clear and pure. That was something Joseph and her shared. I snapped my head to Apella. “Can you bring the baby in here?” I asked. She darted off quickly, returning five minutes later with the boy.
I handed Hessa to Deshi and took the baby, cradling him in my arms. I peered into his face, wondering how something that had been inside me for nine months could feel so far away. He blinked at me and scratched his cheek accidentally with his fingernail, pulling at his skin like he didn’t know it was his own. 
His eyelashes were dark, like mine, but his skin and hair were fair like Joseph’s. I traced the tips of my fingers through his wavy blonde hair, touching him as lightly as I could.
“Why are his eyes grey?” I asked Apella as I handed him back to her. She sighed, obviously disappointed. 
“Sometimes it takes time for babies to develop eye color. Maybe in a few weeks-” she started.
“Thanks, you can take him back now.” That beautiful green with flecks of gold I was searching for was not there. I wanted to see Joseph’s eyes again, so very much.
Deshi glared at me with raw irritation. “If Jo saw you now, he’d be devastated. It would break his heart to see you treat his son this way.”
I crumpled. I was upset too. I wanted to be better but I couldn’t seem to claw my way back out of the fog this time. It pegged me to the ground as I whipped and struggled. I was in a stasis of hell I didn’t know how to escape.
“His heart’s already broken,” I whispered. And mine? I wasn’t sure where it was, floating somewhere out in the atmosphere, between the lines of blood red and purple of the sunset. It wasn’t here with me.
“You have to try, Rosa, try harder than you’re trying. If not for yourself, try for Joseph,” Deshi pleaded.
“That’s a lot of trying,” I sneered sarcastically.
I could feel the anger rising up in me. I knew I should stop but of course I didn’t. I screamed at him. “And how is it that you’re so fine? You’re supposed to love him too! What would you do if we took Hessa away from you—how would you feel then?” I took it too far, as I always did. Deshi sighed and took Hessa away; his straight posture and upward glance snubbed my wretchedness. He was suffering but he didn’t let it drag him down to uselessness like me. I didn’t see him again for two weeks.



Joseph, wake up. I knew I couldn’t do this. I told you I couldn’t, but you didn’t believe me. Your faith in me was foolish and misplaced. 

Blip. Blip. Blip. Breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out.
I couldn’t stand the noise anymore. I’d been in here four weeks now, and I’d never left this room. The machine’s humming and Joseph’s mechanical breathing was suddenly too much. It squeezed my head and tore at my ears. Air. I needed air. 
He had to be close by. I pulled on the clothes they’d provided. Blue cotton pants, odd-looking white shoes with a red star sewn onto the side, and a white cotton t-shirt. I grabbed a jacket as an afterthought, I hadn’t been outside for a while and the weather may have changed. 
I walked down the hall, peering in doorways. It reminded me, chillingly, of being underground in the facility. My heart beat irregularly. 
Three doors down, I peered in to find Apella rocking the baby to sleep in a wooden chair. Colorful curtains hung from fake windows, pictures of toy bears were painted on the wall. A small handmade rabbit sat in the corner of his cot. When she saw my dark face, Apella startled. 
I walked in quietly. “Can I have him?” I asked, holding my hands out like I was asking for a sandwich. 
“Of course.” She handed the tiny child to me wrapped in a yellow blanket.
“I want to go outside,” I said, hunched over the sleeping child.
“Um, ok, I’ll have to ask…” she stuttered, pushing a red button behind her again and again, without breaking eye contact. 
Matthew appeared in the door, flanked by two nurses. 
“Rosa wants to go outside—is that permitted?” Apella asked.
Matthew watched me as I held the baby uneasily, considering my request. “Can’t see why not. You’ve been sitting in that room four weeks now. It might do you some good to get some fresh air. Come with me,” he beckoned with a tanned finger. The nurses entered the baby’s room as we left, pretending they hadn’t been called by the emergency button, fluffing pillows and straightening sheets.
I followed Matthew. Apella tagged along behind us. We walked in silence. Every now and then he stopped to turn lights on, a chain reaction of fluorescence pushing out the darkness. As I swept my eyes around, it was obvious that most of this vast catacomb was devoid of people. 
We descended down a slope, and then it flattened out for a while. We climbed steeply. Several steps led to a big metal door. Matthew unwound a giant metal cog and the door creaked open.
“We’ll wait here,” he said with an unperturbed smile.
“But…” Apella objected. Matthew was standing in front of her and she was on her tiptoes, poking her head over his shoulder, straining to catch my eyes and tell me she thought it was a bad idea.
“We’ll wait here. Come back before it gets too dark and push here,” Matthew said as he revealed a tiny button hidden under a flap of grass, “when you’re ready to come in.” Then he shut the door and they disappeared. I ran my hand over where the door had been. Remarkable. You couldn’t feel a lump or bump or anything. 
We’d come out on the other side of the valley. I could see our little cabin in the distance, planted sloppily in the landscape. I couldn’t see the chopper. They must have moved it. The baby snored and snuffled in my arms. He was peaceful, unaware. 
With quick steps I made my way to the place I wanted to go, enjoying how light my body felt. If I wanted, I could run. I jumped lithely across the stream and quickly made it to the cabin. It looked tiny and sad now. 
After four weeks, you’d never know I’d been pregnant. My smooth skin had bounced back perfectly. The only reminder to me was my belly button, once a perfect round dimple; it now looked like a frown, a downward facing indent in my dark brown skin. 
The air clung to me like tiny icicles as I started climbing hill. I picked my way up the incline carefully, holding the baby in one arm and steadying myself with the other. It was slow and cumbersome. The sun followed me up over the hill. Fresh smells of grass and pine filled my nose.
I reached the top and sat down. Bringing my knees up, I laid the baby down on my legs so he was facing me. I wondered what Apella thought I was going to do. I suppressed a wicked giggle at the thought of her worrying about me throwing the baby in the stream, or tossing him off the hillside. Matthew had only known me a short time but he knew me well enough to realize I was not murderous. I was struggling but I didn’t want to hurt him. I wasn’t sure what I wanted to do with him.
I examined the baby carefully. He was still sleeping, his little eyes rolling under his eyelids. I wondered what babies dreamed about. What memories did they have of their life within the womb? 
“You’ve been with me this whole time,” I said. “Your dreams are probably filled with wolves howling and chopper blades grinding into the ground. Your father talking and laughing.” 
Tears came easily. 
“You heard Aunt Clara screaming when she brought your cousin Hessa into the world.” I frowned, wondering if that was the right word, cousin. “You heard me crying when she slipped away. You probably even felt my heart beating so fast every time your father kissed me or even touched my hand.”
I stroked his tiny, blonde head. He looked nothing like me. What part of him was me?
“What should I do?” I asked the sky. The sun was setting, a muted, streaky sunset, mostly yellows and oranges. I imagined Joseph was here, but he was standing back from me, waiting. This decision was mine to make. 
I unwrapped the baby, inspecting him closely. A tiny, scooped nose, a heart-shaped mouth, I shrugged. These were features I’d seen on every other baby. He was defenseless, small, but strong. He kicked his leg inadvertently.
“You’re a fighter like me, aren’t you?” I cooed, tapping his bare belly lightly, something stirring in me I couldn’t identify. 
He opened one eye lazily. So there it was—his eyes were blue. I was disappointed, I was hoping for that beautiful green of his father’s eyes.
“How about this? I’ll make a deal with you,” I said as I let him grab my finger, curling and uncurling. “I’ll try. I’ll try harder.” 
He opened the other eye, yawning and showing me his gummy mouth and milk-stained tongue. 
I gasped, my heart beating strangely. Steady but fast. Warmth creeping in. Not a surge of it, not an instant flood, more like a slow drip, edging its way in softly and certainly.
One blue eye and one brown.

The End


Want to learn what happens to Rosa and the baby?  The story continues with The Wall!




Firstly I’d like to thank my husband Michael for being ever patient and supportive of probably the craziest thing I’ve ever attempted. Even though the only feedback you ever gave me was, ‘it’s good’, it kept me going when I doubted myself, because you never did. My children Lennox, Rosalie and Emaline deserve special credit for putting up with a somewhat absent mother and really, you three were the inspiration for this story in so many ways.
Thanks to my sister Kristen for being the guinea pig who had to read to first version of this book. And for answering all my annoying texts in the middle of the night, asking you unreasonably for feedback on each chapter immediately after you’d read them. 
Chloe Lim you are a legend. Thank you for editing The Woodlands so thoroughly, removing all my unnecessary commas and adding all the ones I missed. Your support and gentle pushing in the right direction helped make it what it is now. 
To the members of Clean Teen Publishing: I never thought publishing a book could be this fun! Thank you Rebecca Gober, Courtney Nuckels, Marya Heiman, Dyan Brown and Cynthia Shepp for believing in The Woodlands and taking on this first time Aussie author who decided to write about a post apocalyptic Russia. 
Finally, I am eternally grateful to my Beta readers. Your amazing support, generous feedback and honesty gave me the confidence to pursue publishing The Woodlands and now, here we are!





Daughter of a Malaysian nuclear physicist father and an Australian doctor mother, Lauren Nicolle Taylor was expected to follow the science career path. And she did, for a while, completing a Health Science degree with Honors in obstetrics and gynecology. But there was always a niggling need to create which led to many artistic adventures. 
 When Lauren hit her thirties, she started throwing herself into artistic endeavors, but was not entirely satisfied.  The solution: Complete a massive renovation and sell their house so they could buy their dream block of land and build. After selling the house, buying the block and getting the plans ready, the couple discovered they had been misled and the block was undevelopable. This left her family of five homeless.
 Taken in by Lauren’s parents, with no home to renovate and faced with a stressful problem with no solution, Lauren found herself drawn to the computer. She sat down and poured all of her emotions and pent up creative energy into writing The Woodlands.
Family, a multicultural background and a dab of medical intrigue are all strong themes in her writing. Lauren took the advice of ‘write what you know’ and twisted it into a romantic, dystopian adventure! Visit Lauren at her website: www.LaurenNicolleTaylor.com.
 

Project ELE

By: Rebecca Gober and Courtney Nuckels




For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at CleanTeenPublishing.com.


CHAPTER 1 (Six days in line)

Waiting in line totally bites! What's worse than waiting in line? Waiting in line, outside in the stifling heat with escalating temperatures. The only relief being a hand held battery operated fan and a portable misting machine that ran through our daily ration of water in less than two hours. 
Beads of sweat drip down my face, causing my eyes to sting. My dad faces his fan so it hits the back of my neck. He always looks composed and collected, but even he isn't immune to this sweltering weather. His salt and pepper hair is plastered to his head with sweat and his usually vibrant green eyes show telltale signs of heat exhaustion. 
"They could have at least left the patches up until we had a chance to apply for entry. Maybe then the heat wouldn't be this stifling." Our neighbor in line, Mr. Leroy mumbles. The patches that cover the holes in the ozone layer is all everyone talks about lately. They are the only thing that keeps us all from burning to a crisp. Mr. Leroy is an elderly man with leathery skin, shiny grey hair and beady brown eyes. He walks around all day in only a pair of plaid boxers and a ‘wife beater’ undershirt. Some of the older women scoff at his choice of attire. It doesn’t faze him though; he says that dying of heat stroke while waiting in line to see if you pass inspection would defeat the purpose entirely. While I may agree with Mr. Leroy on that part, I have to say that honestly, he gives me the heebie-jeebies. He wears a nasty frown twenty-four seven and always reeks of stinky old man sweat. My mom assures us that he's just a cranky old geezer with a thousand conspiracy theories and that he has nothing better to do other than share them with us. 
"You know Lee, they are doing the best they can. The virus is spreading at rapid speeds and they have no choice but to begin the heating process to stop it." My dad says this, not bothering to remove the annoyance from his voice. 
"Is that why they let all of the rich ones in first?" Mr. Leroy asks with a cynical expression. "They've been in there for two weeks already and the rest of us 'lower class' just now got invited to the party." 
I catch my dad rolling his eyes behind Mr. Leroy's back. It makes me grin, especially since he always gets onto me when I do it. My parents are none to happy to have Mr. Leroy behind us in line. Up until Mr. Leroy opened his mouth, my parents had done their best to shelter us from the impending doom that we were all facing. Mr. Leroy on the other hand, couldn't care less that we are 'merely' children as my mom would put it. He voices his distaste for this whole situation, which he deems completely the government’s fault, whenever he so feels like it. With him running his mouth non-stop, my parents had no choice but to tell me most everything. My four year old little brother, Sebastian, is too young to understand. At fifteen, I truly feel I can handle the truth. Well, at least I think I can. To be totally upfront, I'm scared to death, but I'm dealing with it the only way I know how: Pretend, I could care less. It's a hard facade to pull off though. 
We've had a rather closed off life for the past few years, as have many children. With the fear of the virus looming over everyone's heads our parents had kept us inside our home for the most part. We had stopped going to a formal school by the time I was ten. Now we are home schooled online. Of course I never truly understood why we were forced to stay inside our small home all of the time. 
Millions have already died, with thousands more dying daily. The government was forced to implement Project ELE. Don't ask me who ELE is because I have no idea. I asked my dad once who she was, his expression went dark as he replied, "All you need to know is that you don't want to meet her." I didn't ask him again after that. After all, if ELE scares my dad, I'm sure she would terrify me. 
With Project ELE in place we only have another seventy-two hours before the temperatures are predicted to increase above one hundred and seventy degrees, which will most likely kill the remaining survivors outside of the F.E.M.A. shelter. Our bodies are not meant to withstand that kind of heat, neither is the virus. Currently the temperature is at one hundred degrees and some of the people in line have already faded away because of it. Fading away from heat stroke seems like a more pleasant way to die than to experience the excruciating death caused by the virus. It's an eerie feeling watching people that have died being whisked away on a stretcher with a white sheet draped over their bodies.
This shelter is our only hope to survive this thing. All remaining power that wasn't diverted for Project ELE has been re-routed or conserved to run the few F.E.M.A. shelters across the country. The line to our shelter is running at a snail’s pace. There are so many tests stations to go through before people are permitted to enter the shelter where we will supposedly spend the next three years or until they can get the patches back up, whichever comes first. 
Before you can enter the shelter they have to verify that you are not infected and that you are fit to survive. Mr. Leroy says repeatedly that this is not the place to bring the weak or weary and it's especially not the place to bring the sick. 
This whole business started with the sick. A virus brought forth from a cure. They thought it would work, that it could heal everything. Cancer, diabetes, depression, the flu, even the common cold could be healed by 'The C.U.R.E.' or Counteractive Universal Recovery Elixir. It did work for several years, until a super virus came along that not even our precious 'C.U.R.E.' could fix. My mom says that we weren't meant to live forever. Not that we could live forever even with the 'C.U.R.E..' Meaning that we couldn't cheat death by curing everything the world suffered from. 
The super virus killed off more than half of the world’s population. No country was safe from this air born virus; it only takes a measly few days to die once infected. In an attempt to kill off the super virus, the United Nations agreed to pull down the patches that they spent over a hundred years perfecting. Obviously I wasn't around when the patches first went up to cover the giant gaping holes in the ozone layer but I heard that it took a tremendous amount of energy and power to put them up in the first place. It is said that the entire world worked together back then and went for a full month without electricity of any sort in order to put the patches in place. This is another reason why they are diverting all of the energy now and not allowing us to stay in our homes. They need that power to put the patches back up after the warming does its job. On a side note, the project for creating those patches a hundred years ago was also called Project ELE. It's kind of creepy if you ask me. 
Scientists anticipate that with the patches gone it will cause a long-term heating of the earth's surface that will hopefully kill off the virus. They aren't sure if the plan will work, but obviously with the temperatures rising daily, it seems to be. They don't know what the long-term effects will be on the planet after they cause this heating, but the United Nations deemed the possible reward was worth the risk.
Mr. Leroy said that the earth will never be virus free and that this whole scheme will most likely end in the destruction of all life on earth, as we know it. My dad says that Mr. Leroy, or Lee as he calls him, exaggerates. 
"Willow, it's time for bed." My mom says. I look to my dad hoping he can make the call to allow me to stay up a little longer but he just shrugs. I roll my eyes, like a normal teenager would, and head over to our tent. I carefully unzip the tent door and cool air piles out. "Hurry, don't let out all of the cold air," my mom calls. I hurry inside and zip the door up again.
F.E.M.A. passed out portable cooling units to the families with small children yesterday as temperatures exceeded the hundred-degree mark. Mr. Leroy said that they only want the younger ones. He doesn't even know why he's wasting his time in this line when they are just going to stamp a big old DECLINE across his passport card. He says it's all about the survival of the fittest. The young ones who can one day re-populate the planet. I asked my mom what Mr. Leroy meant about re-populating the planet. She wouldn't answer me so I asked Mr. Leroy when she wasn't looking. Unfortunately, he answered me without hesitation. Gross! I could have gone the rest of my life without having that talk with Mr. Grumps-a-lot! I wish I could scrub my memory out with soap and hot water. Scratch that, soap and cold water, ice-cold water. Yes, that would be nice.
"Wello," Sebastian calls out. 
"It's Willow!" I say a little too harshly. His big blue eyes tear up and his face crumples into a sad puppy dog look. It breaks my heart. My little brother is the chink in my ‘all-attitude-twenty-four-hours-a-day-teen-armor.’ "I'm sorry Sabby, I'm just a little grumpy tonight." I apologize. I lay down next to him on the small air mattress that we share. My parents sleep on the hard ground, but all of the children get air mattresses, which gave Mr. Leroy one more reason to complain about the ‘travesties of his existence,’ as he calls it. 
"It's okay Wello. Mommy says we need to sleep when we're grumpy." He pats me softly on the shoulder as if he's the grown up reassuring me. My little brother is a little too cute for his own good sometimes. He's going to be a heart breaker one day; at least that's what all of the old ladies say. Sebastian has huge cherub cheeks, big bright doe like blue eyes and soft brown curls that are long enough to fall in front of his eyes. We look so different. I'm wiry and thin with hallow cheeks, brown eyes and caramel colored hair that has a mind of its own. I sometimes find myself envious of Sebastian's perfect ringlets. My hair seems to twist and bend every which way leaving me no choice but to throw it under a cap or into a ponytail. 
"I'm not grumpy cause I'm tired, I'm grumpy because I'm too old to be going to bed at eight o'clock." I throw my arms across my chest in a physical gesture to prove my frustration. 
Sebastian turns over and cuddles next to me. "I not tired eter." He says with a yawn. 
"Love you Sabby." I say as I watch his little eyelids droop heavily. 
"Wuv you too Wello." He says before he drifts off to dreamland. Right now he looks like the poster child for innocence. I wonder if I will ever feel that innocent again. Sometimes I wish I could go back to the days when my only worry was what dress to put on my Barbie or whether my mom would let me have that extra cookie after dinner. This is the land of no return though; a land where the weak-minded aren’t welcome. 
I stare at Sebastian for a while then turn my sights on the shadows that dance across the white tent walls. I try not to think about the future, the insecure feeling I get when I hear people talking about the upcoming tests, but they weigh heavily on my heart. My father used to tell me when I was younger that I should tell myself a story when I felt scared. I know I'm getting older, but I justify the fact that it's okay to tell a story to the sleeping toddler next to me, just in case he's feeling as scared as I am. I reach over and sweep the tiny ringlets from his face with my fingers. With a voice just above a whisper I begin, "Once upon a time..." 


CHAPTER 2 (Seven days in line.)

"Numbers one hundred thirty nine thousand through one hundred forty five thousand please pack your belongings and proceed towards the entry gate." A voice booms from a loud speaker. 
"Willow, Sebastian, it’s time to get up." My mom calls cheerfully out to us. 
I bolt up out of bed with excitement and immediately start packing my stuff. After waiting for so many days doing nothing, we are finally going to get to go inside! There are only so many games to play with a deck of cards. I pull my passport out of my bag to make sure it's still safe and examine the number that is stamped in red ink. I am number one hundred forty-four thousand and one. The number unsettles me; I don't like odd numbers.
"Sebastian, it's time to get up," I shake him slightly. He whimpers a little and sits up groggily. 
"I still sleepy." He says rubbing his eyes. 
"I know buddy, but today is the day we get to go inside." My father says to him. "Aren't you excited Sabby?" He ruffles my brothers little curls with his hand. Sebastian gives him a big sleepy smile. 
"I bet you are excited Willow," My dad says to me. 
"Yeah, well, it's okay I guess." I say trying to act like I could care less when inside I am jumping for joy. 
"Yeah, uh huh." My dad jokes around and playfully tries to ruffle my hair; except his hand ends up catching a tangle in my wild mane. He begins pulling at my hair trying to untangle his fingers. "Sorry love." He says with a half-smile while I wince at the sensation.
"No biggie." I reply a little self-consciously.
As a family we all work speedily to pack our belongings. I help get Sebastian ready. In fifteen minutes we are all dressed, have our single bag packed and are out the door of the tent headed towards the food line. The morning air already brings a heavy heat and with the clear skies it looks like the rest of the day will be unrelenting. I decide that I'm not going to allow my heavily perspiring skin to bother me. Nope, today is going to be a good day. Since our number was called, we are granted an express pass to the front of the line to get our breakfast, consisting of some type of cold cream of wheat concoction and a bottle of water. I scarf down the cold cereal as if I haven't eaten for days. My mom gives me a sideways look and shakes her head. Instead of calling me out for my bad table manners she just jokes, "I guess someone is about to have a growth spurt." 
"Yeah, I guess so." I smile back, a real smile this time. I can't help it; I'm too ecstatic that we will be out of this smothering heat soon. Plus, my mom seems to be in a much better mood than she has been for days. I can see the worry lines easing from her forehead now that our numbers have been called. 
Once we finish our meals we head to the entry gate and get into yet another line. Fans run along the path of the line circulating the already hot air around us. You would think something like this would provide some sort of relief, but with as hot as it is out here, nothing can take our minds off the scorching temperatures. A few mister stations are set up a long the way for the children. Children can't handle the heat as well as adults can. Even though the heat is intense, this set up in line is much better than the one back at camp, because thankfully, this line leads inside.
"I love you all." My dad says while pulling us all into a big bear hug. Normally I would be grossed out at even the idea of enveloping sweaty bodies, but it feels good to have that physical affirmation that we all love each other.
"Wuv you too!" Sebastian calls out. 
"I love you all so much," my mom says.
Everyone looks at me expectantly, "You guys know that I love you." I say trying to be nonchalant but meaning every ounce of it. I wouldn't trade my family for the world. 
"This is it, we are going to make it." My mom says with relief pouring from her voice. 
"Yeah, speak for yourself. Do you see how many people they are turning away? Ageist bastards; almost all of the ones leaving are over fifty." Mr. Leroy spits out venomously. 
I turn back startled. I hadn't realized that he was standing behind us. My dad tries to diffuse the situation by saying, "Please watch your language around my children Lee. This is stressful for everyone but I'm sure the F.E.M.A. has their reasons for turning those people away." 
"Yeah, their reason is that they don't give a crap about us. We are nothing but a number to them, a statistic." Mr. Leroy huffs. 
"I'm sure they will let you in Mr. Leroy." I don't know why I speak up to comfort him, but I do. I can tell that under that grumpy old man exterior he really is just as scared as the rest of us. Perhaps he's a little lonely too. He mentioned that he lost his wife to the virus last year. I give him an awkward pat on his back. I know I'm giving up my tough girl, annoyed attitude but I don't want anything to ruin today. Today is about hope. We are all going to be just fine. His eyes lighten up just a bit and his posture relaxes at my touch. 
"Willow's right, we all are going to get to go inside. Just you wait and see." My mom chimes in. I can tell that her face shows a little bit of anxiety but she's doing her best to remain calm for us. 
"I don feel so good." Sebastian tugs on my mom's shirt. 
My mom's hand immediately goes up to his forehead checking his temperature. Her face shows a look of displeasure. "Willow, I think Sebastian is overheating. Do you mind taking him to one of the mister stations?" 
I nod my head and grab Sebastian's little hand, "Let's go Sabby." 
He walks beside me lethargically toward the nearest mister station; I end up carrying him most of the way. When we get there, I sit him down in the middle of the tent under the cool mist. "Raise your arms Sabby." He complies and I pull his tank top up over his head. His little skin looks red and overheated. He's had to spend almost every hour since we've been here inside our tent with the cooling unit on. My dad says that little kids can overheat much faster than adults. Plus, they don't always know how to communicate when they are showing signs of heat exhaustion. Waiting in this line for the past hour has probably been the longest time he has spent outside in the elements. To help cool him down quicker I take his little yellow tank top and hold it up close to one of the sprinkler heads. Once it's nice and wet I put it back on him. 
"Tank you Wello." He says sweetly. His hair has accumulated enough moisture that his ringlets fall down in long waves over his forehead. Little beads of mist form on his eyelashes. I can tell by his eyes that he is still not feeling well, so I have him lie down and rest his head in my lap. I brush his hair like my mother does for us when we’re feeling under the weather. Sebastian gives a slight smile and closes his eyes to my petting. 
"Would you like some water for the boy?" I look up from where I'm sitting to see a tall sturdy boy who looks to be about my age, holding out a cold bottle of water. His hair is shaved so close to his head that I can't tell what color it is. Tiny droplets of water cover his hair making his head look shiny. His skin shows a sun-kissed tan that tells me his parents didn't lather him in the same sunscreen I had to endure. I look down at my white legs and grimace before looking back up at him. He has unusually dark eyes that appear to be black and long thick lashes. I didn't know people could have black eyes, but I guess this boy does. His bushy eyebrows rise in question and I realize that I'm staring. I blush at my apparent lack of social skills. 
"Oh, sorry. Yes, thank you." I reach up to grab the bottle. "Hey Sabby," I cringe a bit realizing that my baby name for my little brother probably sounds childish. The boy standing in front of me didn't seem to notice so I continue. "Why don't you drink some water Sebastian?"
I put the bottle to his lips and Sebastian opens his eyes only long enough to take a few small sips then he closes them again. 
"Is he okay?" The boy asks me.
I look from Sebastian to the boy. "Yeah, he's just over heated. He should be fine. He's not used to this heat, but we should be allowed to go inside soon."
"Yeah, my little sister Lillie has a hard time with this heat too." He gestures with his head over to a small girl sitting in the corner of the misting area. Her long orangey-red hair is pulled back in a ponytail. She's working on her dolls hair, trying to put it into a similar style. She appears to be around seven or eight years old. 
"My name's Connor." He looks at me expectantly. 
I just stare at him again. I don't know where my tongue went but I haven't really had a conversation with anyone my age in a long while. I'm a little out of practice. When I finally catch my tongue I say awkwardly, "Oh, sorry, I'm Willow and this is my brother Sebastian." 
He stands there above me for a few seconds in silence. I guess he might be out of practice too when it comes to holding a conversation. That or we are both just as lethargic from the heat as our siblings are. 
I clear my throat, "So, um, what number are you?" 
"One hundred forty-three thousand and sixteen." He says. 
"Oh, you are before us then." I reply noting the even number he lucked out with. He nods his head. Still not feeling much in the way of conversation I say, "Thanks for the water."
"Sure, no problem." He smiles a big goofy smile. 
"Connor! Lillie!" A robust woman with curly red hair calls from outside the misting area. "It's time to go." 
"Okay mom." Connor calls back to her. He turns back to look down at me. "Nice to meet you Willow. Good luck with the tests." I smile and wave goodbye to him as he turns on his heel to gather up Lillie. They both run out of the mister station to catch up to their mother hand in hand. 
I look down at Sebastian who is sleeping noiselessly in my lap. Good luck with the tests. I hadn't even thought much about the tests that would be coming up soon. Nor have I thought about the fact that we could be turned away. I guess I just assumed everyone would be granted entrance, but even Mr. Leroy was saying that he's seen people declined. A sick feeling tumbles through my stomach. I take a few sips of water to help squelch the nausea. 
"Hey honey, how's he doing?" My mom asks from outside the station. She walks inside and bends down to feel Sebastian's head and seems satisfied with his temperature. 
I answer anyhow. "He's good, he crashed out almost immediately. Someone gave me some water so I made him drink it before he went to sleep." 
"You are the best big sister ever." She smiles at me. "Hey, have I told you today that you are my favorite daughter?" She leans in to give me a motherly hug.
"Yeah mom; I'm your only daughter." She says the same thing to me nearly every day and I reply in the same way too. I smile up at her and return her hug. "You are my favorite mom." I mean it too. 
"Thanks honey." My mom pushes my wet hair back from my forehead. To pass the time, she pulls my tangled hair out of its ponytail and goes to work combing through it nimbly with her fingers. My eyes nearly roll back in my head at the wonderful feeling of her playing with my hair. It's such a comforting gesture that all of my earlier worries about the tests momentarily slip from my mind. We spend the next hour talking and joking around while my mom works all of the knots out of my tangled mess. She fixes my hair up into a beautifully braided bun. The time sped by so fast that when my dad comes to tell us that our numbers have been called we are pleasantly surprised.
"Time to get up Sabby." I gently shake my little brother, who hasn't budged, from my lap. He stirs slowly. My dad comes over and picks him up giving him a zerbert kiss on his cheek. Sebastian squeals with laughter. 
My mom helps me stand up because my legs have fallen asleep from sitting in the same position so long. I stomp around trying to get the blood flowing. Once all of us are standing my dad calls out, "Ready family?" 
We all say, "yes," simultaneously and head back out into the heat, hand in hand. We walk towards the giant entry gates as a family in silence. The butterflies inside my stomach dance around in summersaults from anxiety and with every step we take I think, ‘This is it.’ I have no idea what our new home for the next three years will look like. I don't know what life will be like inside the shelter, but I do know it will be vastly different than my old life. The closer we get to the testing stations the more of the old me I leave behind. 
The fortified steel gates surround us as we near the entry point. An enormous mountain sits before us. There is a straight line of tents that form a tunnel to the entry point leading us deep into the mountain. 
"Identification please," asks a faceless official in a white biohazard suit with a F.E.M.A. nametag. 
I fumble around my shorts pocket looking for my identification. Thankfully my dad pulls out my passport along with my little brothers and his. He hands them to the official who inspects it carefully. The suction of air that spits from his biohazard suit puts me on edge. 
"Mosby family, report to testing station one." He points a stiff finger in the general direction of the first station. I follow behind my family feeling increasingly nervous with all of the white hazard suited officials walking about. I huddle closer to my dad.
Station one is marked with a giant red label that states, ‘first testing station,’ in bold block letters. Its entryway is covered with a large white curtain blocking the inside of the tent station from our view. 
"Passports," An overweight official who is guarding the entrance requests. We comply by quickly handing him our passports. "The boy first," the man says blandly after skimming over our identification. 
Another F.E.M.A. official, a woman whose name badge identifies her as a nurse, comes out to collect Sebastian. The nurse isn't flaunting the biohazard suit thankfully, which makes her look less intimidating. She does have her entire body protected by long sleeve scrubs, rubber gloves and a disposable surgeons mask over her mouth and nose though. 
"No momma!" Sebastian clings to my mother's leg.
"Can I not go with my son? He’s only four." My mom asks the nurse. 
"No, I'm sorry but each person must go through the tests alone." Her answer sounds so genuine that I believe she may actually feel sorry that she's separating our family. 
I lean down and whisper in my brother’s ear. "Hey Sabby, if you can be a big boy and go with this nice nurse, I'm sure you will get a lollipop or a sticker after you are done." I don't know if it's true or not, but I figure if they don't offer him a treat I will find a way to make it up to him later.
He looks up at me with wide hopeful eyes and releases his grip on my mother's leg. "Okay Wello." 
"I love you Sebastian. We’ll see you in a few minutes." My mom bends down and gives him a big hug. My father and I each take turns giving him reassuring hugs. Then he puts his hand out for the nurse to lead him into the testing station. He looks back and says to us, "I see you in bit." 
I try to convey a reassuring smile. My nerves are running haywire and the anxiety I've been feeling increases ten-fold while I watch my little brother disappear through the curtain.
The nurse comes back a few minutes later and asks for me. I give my mom and dad a hug, say: "I love you," and follow the nurse inside. 
The light inside the testing tent is so artificially bright that I have to keep my head down in response. It takes a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to the brightness but when I do look up, I realize I haven't missed much. The nurse is leading me down a stark corridor made up of white curtains. We walk halfway down the aisle before the nurse stops suddenly and jerks back one of the curtains. Inside the room is a simple exam table and a tray with a few creepy items on it. The nurse hands me a flimsy white hospital gown and tells me to change into it. I expect her to leave the room but instead she merely turns around to give me some semblance of privacy. 
"What are all the needles for?" I ask while changing out of my clothes. The sight of all of the needles, some holding several different colored fluids, makes me queasy. I count twelve needles in all. Ten of them are standing up perfectly straight in a container with the needlepoint sticking up. Two of them are lying side by side next to the container. Those can't all be for me, right? 
"We have to take blood samples as well as give you an immunization before you may enter the facility. Please make sure you remove all your undergarments as well." She adds kindly. Unlike the other officials, the nurse doesn't seem annoyed with my question.
"Um, okay. Uh, do I have to get all of those shots?" I ask feeling rather dreadful at the thought of getting injected with these foreign substances. 
She laughs. "We only give you one depending on your blood test results." Then she adds, "Everyone who wishes to enter must be immunized. We will be in close quarters inside the facility and we need to make sure everyone is healthy." She answers.
Phew! I finish changing in silence and then clear my throat to announce that she may turn around. My legs are feeling so shaky that I decide to take a seat on the exam table. 
The nurse takes out a plastic bag from underneath the table and puts my clothes, my shoes and even my underwear inside it. "Could I please have your hairband too?" She asks. 
I pull the hairband out causing my bun to fall and some of the braid to come undone. "Will I get my stuff back?"
She looks at me apologetically, "Not if you are granted entrance to the facility. You will be provided new clothes inside." She closes the bag with a twist tie and sets it on the floor near the curtain. 
My breath hitches at her mention of if I'm granted entrance. My heart starts pounding at an unsteady rhythm and my head feels all light and dizzy. 
"Hey, it's going to be okay. Here put your head between your legs. You're panicking." She says calmly while guiding my head down. 
My heart feels like it's going so haywire that it may just beat right out of my chest. Maybe I have the virus, I don't know, but right now I feel like I'm dying. 
"Deep breaths honey. Here breathe in, breathe out, breathe in, breathe out." She strokes my hair in an oddly maternal gesture. 
My heart becomes increasingly steady and I feel my body starting to relax again. "What was that? Am I sick?" I sit up with frightened eyes.
"No honey, you only had a panic attack. You’ll be just fine. What is your name?" She asks.
"Willow." My voice seems a little unsteady still so I reiterate, "Willow Mosby."
"Nice to meet you Willow. My name is Nurse Laurie. You need to try not to panic like that again okay?" She says looking at me with concerned eyes.
I nod my head in compliance.
"You will be just fine. Don't worry and if you start feeling a panic attack coming on again, just take deep breaths and focus on calming your body." She pats my leg and then says, "They should be in soon. The testing only takes a few minutes." 
"Thank you." I say to her. She smiles and exits the room. 
I lie down on the exam table and stare at the ceiling, while taking deep cleansing breaths. I do my best not to look at the needles and strange contraptions on the table next to me. It's so hard to stay calm when I feel like my very world is catapulting out of control. This tent, the needles, the F.E.M.A. facility, the end of the world, it all scares me to death. Last week I was doing homeschool lessons with my mom and this week I'm facing the end of my life, as I know it. "Once upon a time, there was a girl..." I try to tell myself a story to make me feel less afraid but I'm interrupted when three F.E.M.A. officials enter my room. All of them are wearing identifications on their biohazard suits that mark them as doctors. Two of the doctors are male and one is female. 
"Willow Mosby?" The woman asks. 
I sit up and nod my head.
"We are going to run some tests, is that okay." She asks.
No! No, it's not okay! "Yes." I barely choke out. 
They go about taking my vitals. The male doctor, the chubby one, sticks me with a needle none too gently and takes four vials of my lifeblood from me. I wince as he moves the needle around in my vein trying to get the blood to flow faster.
The other male doctor sticks some circular patches just above my heart and on each side of my forehead. A handheld machine relays whatever data he was searching for. They move so quickly that, just as the nurse declared, they were finished within ten minutes. All three of the doctors leave the room without saying anything.
That was so freaky! I look to the exam table and realize they took the container of immunizations with them. Only the two needles that were lying on the table remain. I wonder what that means. What if I was declined? What other reason would they have to not give me a shot? My heart starts accelerating again and my breath quickens. I throw my head between my legs like Nurse Laurie taught me. Taking long deep breaths I succeed in warding off another panic attack. 
As if sensing that she was needed, Nurse Laurie opens the curtain and comes to my side. She places my passport just beneath my eyes to where I can read the bright red stamp that states ACCEPTED in bold print. 
I look up at her with grateful eyes. 
"See, I told you it would be okay," she smiles. 
I nod my head, too relieved to speak.
"Okay, so I have to give you an immunization. Once I give you this you will be promptly taken to the facility. I have to read you a disclaimer first though, alright?" She looks at me waiting for my answer.
"Okay." I say a little unsure.
"You will receive one immunization that has not been thoroughly tested by the FDA. By accepting the immunization, you are hereby-releasing F.E.M.A. and or the FDA from any and all liability if this immunization results in adverse side effects or death. Willow Mosby, would you like to accept this immunization by your own free will?" Nurse Laurie asks. 
I stare at her rather incredulously. I know that I wanted to be a big girl, being a teen and all, but should I really be left with this decision on my own? "Um, I need to speak to my dad." I say hesitantly. 
"Your father has already signed the approval for you to have the immunization. However, we are giving every person over the age of fourteen the opportunity to decline if they so wish." She looks at me sympathetically. 
I look at the needles holding the bright foreign liquid and then back up at Nurse Laurie. Clearing my throat, I say at barely above a whisper, "Yes, I accept." 
She nods, and lifts up a needle with a dark green fluid that I hadn't realized she was carrying. She gently inserts it into my arm. While the mossy serum is pushed into my blood stream I take a closer look at the vial and notice that it's labeled PROJECT ELE, I shiver when she pulls the needle out. 
"Do I have to have those two?" I ask pointing to the remaining ones that were not a part of the set of ten. 
She looks at them like they are lethal and replies, "No, those are given as a parting gift to someone who is declined."
"A gift?" I ask skeptically. 
"Willow, I don't want to scare you." She answers carefully.
"I was just...curious." I ask hoping that she will shed some light on such a strange 'gift.'
"The yellow one here is supposed to help sustain a life for three years. It doesn't protect against the heat but it could possibly allow someone a fighting chance if they found a way to keep their bodies cool and if they found an untainted food-water source. It's completely untested and it is doubtful that it will work, but we felt compelled to do something. Most countries aren't even providing such an immunization, but we fought for it. The thought of turning away so many is unbearable without the slightest sliver of hope." Nurse Laurie looks at me with sad eyes. I can tell that those eyes have seen a few too many people declined. 
"What about the red one?" I ask.
She stares at me in silence for a few moments, deciding whether she wants to share the answer to that question with me. As if realizing that she's already past the point of no return, she answers: "The red one brings death. A swift and painless death." 
My eyes bug out of my head, her answer startling me, catching me completely off guard. Why would anyone take the red shot? 
"Look Willow, there is only a limited amount of room inside of the shelter and we can't afford to fill those spaces with someone who doesn't have the odds in their favor for survival. Many of the people who are being turned away have some strand, maybe even a latent strand of the virus. Usually those infected go to a hospital where they are pumped with morphine and other pain relieving drugs to help their exit from this life to be as painless as possible. Dying of the virus is excruciating." Her eyes glaze a bit as if remembering something from her past. She shakes it off and continues. "This shot would bring a quick and painless death to the person if they so wish to take it." She studies me waiting to see if I am going to break down any second.
My eyes tear up but I remain stoically straight. How am I supposed to process that kind of information? Either way I decide that I will be strong. I have to be strong. Plus, I'm going inside. I've been accepted. 
She gives me a sad yet proud smile and says, "You are a brave one Willow. I think you will make it through this just fine."
A guttural scream breaks out from somewhere down the hall startling both Nurse Laurie and myself. 
"No!" The person cries. Not just any person, my mom! I jump off the exam table and run out of the room before Nurse Laurie can restrain me. 
"Mom!" I yell. I can hear her cries coming from a few rooms down. I open curtains trying to find her and succeed in startling patient after patient until I find her. My mom is hunched over Sebastian holding him in a death grip. She's crying so hard that her back is shaking up and down. Tears spring to my eyes as the panic and fear runs cold through my blood. 
"Mom, Sabby!" I run and cling to them. "What's wrong?" I look down at my little brother expecting him to be hurt or worse, dead. He's breathing just fine and looking at me with scared, tear filled eyes. He doesn't understand what's going on, how can he?
My mom doesn't answer me so I look around trying to find out what's wrong. My mom's passport is lying open on the ground. I breathe a huge sigh of relief when I see the ACCEPTED stamp that's splayed across it. 
"No, no, no." My mom keeps repeating through her tears while stroking Sebastian's curls. 
My dad throws open the curtain and runs in the room. "Alice, what's wrong, what happened?" His voice cracks ever so slightly. I can see that his eyes mimic the same fear mine do. My dad rushes to her side and falls to his knees. 
"No, no, no." My mom continually whimpers rocking Sebastian back and forth. 
My dad shakes her lightly to get her to answer. "Alice, please tell me what's wrong." 
Her arms are holding Sebastian so tight refusing to let him go. I follow my dad's gaze down to my mom's hand. She's clutching something and as if answering my dad's question she lets the object fall to the bed behind Sebastian. 
We both look down simultaneously to find Sebastian's cute four-year-old face staring back at us from his passport. Across the bottom of the picture there is a big, ugly, red stamp that states: DECLINED. 
"No!" I yell, breaking down in sobs. I clutch Sebastian's back and throw my arms around my mom too. 
"This can't be right!" My dad’s voice cracks. He looks behind us to a doctor who is shaking his head. 
"I'm sorry sir. Your son has been infected." His eyes look sorry, yet his expression remains controlled in a way that only someone who has had to declare families grim fates can do. 
"No, he is coming with us!" My dad demands.
"I'm sorry sir, he cannot be permitted to enter the facility." The man replies. "I will give you a few minutes to say your goodbyes." 
"Nobody is saying goodbye!" My dad grabs the front of the doctor's biohazard suit and pulls him so close to his face that you can see my dad's spit land on the clear face shield.
"Sir, remove your hands immediately." Another official standing in the entryway points a gun at my dad. My dad slowly holds his hands up and steps away from the doctor. 
My eyes widen in pure shock.
"I'm sorry sir, but you need to say your goodbyes." The man who has a badge stating that he is security, states empathetically. He puts the gun away and escorts the doctor out of the room giving our family some privacy.
"They said they could give him a shot that would allow him to go peacefully, the bastards! They want to put my son to sleep like they would an animal!" My mom says pulling away from Sebastian only slightly. Her face is red and puffy and full of pain. Her eyes are filled with indignation.
"No, no, no." This time it's my dad's turn to be weak. His legs give out beneath him and he falls to the floor. He's crying so hard that his painful moans break my heart into tiny little pieces. My mom moves Sebastian into my arms and goes to kneel beside her husband.
I grasp onto Sebastian as if my life depends on it. He cries and holds me tightly. "Wello, Wello, I so scared Wello." He cries into my chest.
I brush his hair back from his forehead and kiss him on the cheek. "Look at me Sebastian." His giant blue eyes look into mine. I stifle the sob that threatens to unleash itself and say, "You are going to be okay Sabby. We will all be okay. Nobody is going to leave you alone. If you can't go inside, none of us are going inside." Tears of helplessness fall freely down my face. 
"No, Willow. You are going inside." My mom looks up at me but keeps her arms around my dad.
"No way!" I yell. "There is no way! I will not leave him!" I yell it so loudly that Sebastian cowers and puts his little hands over his ears. 
My dad sits up and wipes his eyes. He takes a few deep breaths, stands up and helps my mom up as well. "Willow, your mom is right." 
"No dad!" I cry. "We are a family, remember?"
My dad's eyes are filled with sadness, pain and a hint of understanding. In that moment, I can tell he feels the same way I feel. I can see it there on his face. He comes over and puts his arms around the two of us. Placing gentle kisses on the top of Sebastian and my heads. He takes another deep breath and says, "Willow, you and your mother will go inside. Our family will carry on. I will stay with Sebastian." 
"Absolutely not!" My mom declares. "I am staying with Sebastian." 
My dad turns to look at my mom. "Alice, I’ll stay with our son. I can’t just leave him. You go inside with Willow." 
"No! I can't Henry. I can't!" She crumbles to the floor, the unrelenting sobs starting back up. My dad sits down next to her and pulls her into his arms. He strokes her hair and kisses her tenderly on her forehead, her cheek and her lips. My mom wipes her hands across her nose and says, "I can't do it Henry. I can't go inside and pretend that I didn't leave my baby out here." She sniffles and tears stain her cheeks.
"And I can?" My dad asks her incredulously.
My mom looks at him contemplatively and then answers. "No, I know it's just as hard for you as it would be for me. But, my other baby has a chance Henry. Things are only going to get harder and she needs her father. I know that I can't survive this, I couldn't. You are strong. You will survive. You will do it for me. You will do it for Sebastian. You will take care of our girl." My mom looks up at me with nothing but love and hope.
"No, mom, I need you too. I need all of you." I beg. "We will all stay. The nurse, she told me about the shots. That they could possibly help us if we don't make it inside." 
My mom shakes her head and says compassionately. "It's possible Willow. Did she tell you that the other immunizations would negatively react with that shot and could cause death? You can't mix the two." 
No, the nurse didn't tell me that! Granted, she probably didn't think I needed that information since I was accepted, but still!
"I didn't take the immunizations Willow. So you are right, we do have a chance." My mom tries to muster up a smile. She looks to my dad whose eyes confirm that he did in fact take the immunizations. 
"It's settled then. Sebastian and I will take the shot and we will do our best to survive this. You two will go inside and you will move on. If it is meant to be, we will find you." My mom kisses my dad passionately on the lips then stands up and pulls Sebastian and me into her arms. 
"I can't go mom." I cry into her shoulder. My dad comes up behind me and joins in on the family hug. We cling to each other in a mess of limbs and tears. 
"I love you so much." My mom cries. 
"I love you," My dad whispers.
"Wuv you." Sebastian whimpers.
I take a deep breath and say a very shaky, "I love you." 
This is it, the end of the world for me. I had known the second I entered this tent that my life would never be the same. I wish I had known that my heart would be ripped from my chest and trampled on. I wish I could cease to exist at this very moment, but I know I can't. I have to cling to the hope that my mom and my brother will make it. I have no choice but to keep moving on. I'm broken beyond repair but when the officials come to take my father and me into the facility I force my feet to move. I take one step and then another. My heart feels as if gravity is pulling it down so hard that eventually it may fall right out of my chest and become one with the earth. I look back down the long white hallway to see my mom and my little brother walking in the opposite direction. That's when I feel it fall, my heart, it's gone. My chest is only a hollow shell and it will never be filled again. 
My dad puts his arm around my shoulders and together we walk through the heavily leaded doors into our new home. 


CHAPTER 3 (The first day inside.)

The musty smell within the mountain shelter permeates my nose. Small strands of single bulb lights line the main hallway illuminating the six-foot high tunnel. My dad keeps his head ducked down partially because of his height but my guess is that it's more due to his family having just been ripped apart. 
There isn’t much room to either side of us but we can still walk comfortably. I'm grateful in this moment that I'm not claustrophobic. We follow the string of bulbs slowly and cautiously taking turns, feeling the rock on either side of us. A damp artificially cool draft begins hitting our faces the further we get into the tunnel. A few feet later I begin hearing noises: people talking, water dripping, paper crumbling. Up ahead the lights get brighter and we are able to make out a few figures.
As we near closer to the figures their faces become more visible. Everyone looks rather emotionless and they are all dressed identically in pale green scrubs. While the scrubs look horrendous, it is a huge step up from those creepy biohazard suits. I guess since we have all passed the test, they no longer need to worry about contagions. 
A plump woman with unusually frizzy brown hair greets us with an arm full of pamphlets. She is smiling broadly and has an uncalled for cheeriness to her demeanor. “Well, on behalf of F.E.M.A. we want to welcome you to your new home.” She hands us each a pamphlet and continues, “Inside you will find instructions and information about life in the shelter. On page two there is a map. Please note which direction you are facing now: it's East. Room assignments are given on a first come first serve basis. May I please see your passports?" 
My dad hands her our stamped passports. 
"Okay, lets see here," she says while scanning the documents with her eyes. "Looks like you will be in the Blue wing; that's numbers 400 through 499." She continues by giving my dad directions to where the Blue wing is. "We ask that once you find your living quarters you write your name on the nameplate outside of the door and report to headquarters to log it into the system. Once you log in at headquarters you will be given your clothing allotment for your stay here. Any questions so far?” 
My dad and I look at each other and shake our heads. 
“Good,” she continues. “Well, if you need anything, and I mean anything at all, just look for the hospitality officials dressed in green. Feel free to ask for me personally. My name is Mary and I’m always here to help.” She gives us a huge smile as my dad and I struggle to return it. 
It's strange how the world keeps going even when your life is crumbling down around you. Mary's smile seems so out of place in my world. Doesn't she realize that we are still mourning what just happened moments before? Lord only knows how long it will take us to come to terms with everything, if we even can. 
My dad puts his hand lightly on my back and ushers me away from Mary-smiles-a-lot. The tunnel we were in opens up into a large cavernous room. I look back at the tunnel exit and see two large steel enforced doors standing open. I wonder if they plan on locking us in here once the final entrants are accepted. The room looks to be the eating quarters due to the small salt and pepper shakers scattered about. My dad and I sit at one of the tables to examine the pamphlet. I quickly scan through mine but find the boring legalities of what is written far too complicated for me. I’ll ask dad for the cliff notes version later. Instead I find the map and begin scanning all of the different amenities. I have a photographic memory, which allows me to memorize the layout quickly. It looks like they threw together a library, a cinema room, a cafeteria, a pool and a bowling alley. I find where they placed the rooms and it seems they are relatively scattered amongst the entire mountain. I scan down to find that there is an entire level, almost as big on the map as the level we are on and the level above us combined, that is under where we are sitting. The map points out locations like a garden, livestock, a chemistry laboratory, and nurse/doctor stations. The garden and livestock areas take up an entire floor. I guess that answers where our food will be coming from. Below this section is another level that is marked: Storage. 
“So dad, where do you think we should find a room?” I watch him scan his portion of the map. 
“Well,” he says pointing to the map. “The lady said we were in the Blue wing which is located here." He points to a spot on the map that is thankfully color coded. "I believe if we follow this hallway we should run right into it." He attempts to give me a small smile but it falls just as quickly as it started. We get up from the tables with maps in hand and head off to explore. 
As we browse through the rooms in the Blue wing we find that they seem to be identical. There are two bunks, a dresser, a tiny couch, an end table and a small bathroom. There couldn’t be more than three hundred square feet of space total. 
We end up choosing a room near the elevators and my dad writes our names on the small board on the door. 
“Can I have top bunk?” I ask my dad. 
“Well, of course. I would rather have the bottom any day. These old legs aren’t what they used to be.” 
"Then I guess I better take the bottom two dresser drawers since we don't want to risk those knees giving out when you bend to get your undies." I don't know where the joke comes from but it does lighten the air just a bit. 
"Deal." My dad says.
I climb onto the bed and test the mattress. Not a Tempurpedic, but not bad either. I lay down staring at the ceiling. Oh how I wish I had some glow in the dark star stickers to affix to it like I used to have in my room. I close my eyes and pretend that I am lying in my bed back at home. If I try hard enough I can even hear my mom playing the piano softly in the study. The imaginary sound fades away and I open my eyes a few moments later to find the stark white ceiling staring back at me. I take a deep breath and my chest hurts. ‘But this is my home now, remember?’ I say to myself. 
“Well,” my dad begins rubbing his hands together. “My watch says it’s fifteen till six and dinner is at seven, so we should head over to register our room and get our clothes before dinner." 
I look down at my hideous hospital gown. Ever since leaving my mom and Sebastian back at the testing station, I've felt dazed, like this whole thing isn't reality. Everything feels so ethereal and perhaps at some moment I will just float up out of my body and realize that this has all been one horrific nightmare. My dad looks at me with concerned eyes and when I study how ridiculous he looks in his hospital gown, I understand that there is no way this could be a dream. No pinch will pull me out of this reality. "Yeah, well lets just hope that we don't have to wear puke green." I say to my dad. I see just the slightest twitch in his expression that on another day, with different circumstances would have turned into a smile. 
He pulls out his gown and does a slightly lethargic curtsy then says, "After you my dear." 
My dad is such an amazing father. I can see that whatever it might take from him, even if it's lying boldly to my face, he's going to be my rock in this situation. I can only imagine how crushed he is feeling right now. We take the elevator to the first floor. I grab my father's hand as we step out and walk down the long corridor towards the headquarters. He holds it so tight that I imagine nothing could separate us, ever. We are all we've got for now. If my dad is going to be a rock for me, then I sure as heck will be one for him.
The Headquarters looks oddly like a mall. Several different shops, or stations are set up in a square that raises two stories high. At least ten shops advertising different types of services are located on each level. From my viewpoint I can see an administrative office that takes up three shop spaces, a pharmacy, a counselor office, a physical therapist office, a small convenience store and three different clothing stores. What I can see from the storefront windows is that the clothing stores all carry scrubs like the pale green ones, but in several different sizes and colors. I don't spot a single pair of jeans in there.
I sigh and my dad squeezes my hand teasingly. We walk to the administrative offices and get in line behind the counter, which holds a large sign stating: Last Names M-O. In front of us in line there are three other families dressed in similar hospital gowns. I can't help but notice that the family directly in front of us seems happy and complete. And when I say complete, I mean there are four of them...in the same family. A small spark of jealousy mixed with a large spark of envy fills my heart. I watch as a small toddler hugs tightly to her mom's leg. A tear escapes my eye and my dad lets go of my hand for a second to wipe it away and then silently takes my hand and squeezes it even tighter than before. He feels it too. 
The line passes quickly and when it's our turn a short red haired man waves us to the counter. "Last name?" he asks.
"Mosby," my dad answers then hands him both of our passports.
"Have you picked a room?" 
"Yes, room 442." Says my dad. He knew my affinity to even numbers so he made sure to pick a room accordingly. 
The man goes about typing at the speed of light onto his computer. A short minute passes then he says. "You will receive your schedules and work assignments tomorrow." He bends down and grabs something from beneath the counter. He pulls out two tablets and places them in front of us. "Please keep these tablets with you at all times. There is an orientation app on the front screen that will give you all of the information you need to know about your new life here." He presses the app on the screen of my tablet demonstrating how the touch screen works and then closes the app before the video loads. "If for any reason your tablet malfunctions, please bring it back here and we will get you a new one. Do you have any questions?"
Both my father and I shake our heads. 
The man seems satisfied with our answer and hands the tablets to us. "You may now proceed to Clothing Room A to collect your new wardrobe."
"Thank you." My dad says and then together, with our tablets in hand, we head towards the row of clothing stores. 
The temperature in the common area is a little too cold for my flimsy hospital gown so I am anxious to get something on with a little more coverage. I will say one thing. I am thankful that they aren’t the gowns with the opening in the back!
We come upon the nearest shop and enter in the front door, which has been propped up with a shoe for a doorstop. I immediately notice the lack in variation from one outfit to the next. It is as I feared. The only thing available is scrubs, they simply vary in color. A small beep sounds when we enter, triggering a chain reaction. Walking towards us, in the lead, is a tall, lanky, flamboyant man followed by two women succeeding closely on his heels. 
He stops a few feet from us and begins to take us in. He looks us over like he would when making a selection for prime meat. He circles us muttering “mmmhmm,” as he goes. He returns to his original position and snaps both his fingers twice. The women must understand what this means because the one on the left immediately hands him a tape measure while the one on the right wipes his brow. Oh brother, I think to myself. You’ve GOT to be kidding me. 
“You,” he points at me. “Come with me.” Snapping his finger, he turns on his heel and walks off with a purpose. I sneak a glance in the direction of my father but he just shakes his head, mouth still propped open in a shocked expression. I turn my attention back to the disaster at hand and follow quickly behind the man that’s about to disappear around a corner. 
He stands me on a small stool and has me hold out my arms. The woman, whom I’m guessing is his assistant, comes in the room with a clipboard and pen. She nods her head and he begins taking measurements. He barks out the measurements as she writes them down. They go on like that for ten minutes or so. My arms are on fire by the time he tells me he’s finished. I rub them trying to get the blood circulating again. The woman leaves the room for a moment and comes back with an armful of scrubs in her hands. She leaves them on a chair for me; then retreats. 
“Which color you want?” She asks me. I’m taken aback by her accent, which is obviously foreign. Our borders have been closed for years, well, as long as I can remember at least. Since our government passed the 28th amendment all export and import shipping stopped as well as flights overseas. They felt foreigners held too much threat to our society after numerous illnesses wreaked havoc through our nation. Since then we've had a policy where no one goes in and no one goes out. It really sparks my curiosity knowing this woman could be from The Outside as we call it.
“Hmmm,” I respond. “I think I’ll take the periwinkle, the chartreuse and the indigo.” Yes, there’s a reason why I said that. I wanted to gauge if she was a recent immigrant or if she has been here a while. Chances are, if she’s been here a while, she’d have to know at least one, maybe two of these colors. 
She gives me a blank stare and then sets the clothes in the chair. “You pick three and take to front.” She turns on her heel and leaves the room. 
Darn, thought I had her.
 I change into the pink scrubs and when I throw my hospital gown into the metal disposal bin I hear a clinking sound. I nearly forgot! I hastily grab the gown and with a shaking hand I work on retrieving the item that I stowed away in its hem. I don't know how I worked it in there so well because it doesn't come out as easily as it went in. I work the fabric on the hem back and forth exposing it a little more each time. 
A knock on the door startles me. The lady who gave me the scrubs comes in without waiting for me to answer. I have to shove the gown behind my back. "Ouch." I cry out as something pricks my hand. 
"You okay?" She asks.
I nod quickly and with wide frightened eyes I say, "Can I help you?" My heart is accelerating and I feel nauseous.
"I was just checking on you since it was taking you a while to change." She studies me like I'm crazy.
"I'm fine, I need another minute." I say and tears start springing to my eyes as a dizzy sensation washes over me.
She hesitates and I can tell she is contemplating asking me more questions. Thankfully she doesn't. She just says, "Please try to hurry. There are more people waiting on the dressing rooms." Then she leaves shutting the door behind her.
"Crap, no, no, no!" I cry to myself as soon as she's gone. Tears are flowing out of my eyes as I pull my hands and the gown back in front of me. I look down at my left wrist and see the faintest sign of a puncture mark. "No." I whisper as my heart pounds like drums in my chest. I'm not ready to die! I pull the gown back up in front of me and work the item out of the hem quickly now. The needle had poked through and as I work it the rest of the way out I notice that most of the red serum is still inside it. Maybe none of it went into me. I tell myself trying to calm my thoughts down. I don't know why I took it from Sebastian's room but I did. I guess I did it because I didn't want him to have it. I recall the explanation from the nurse. It might seem selfish that I took it but I felt like I had to protect him. I know the nurse said how painful the virus could be but I can't imagine Sebastian's life being sucked out of him by a single shot.
I sit down and put my head between my knees while taking deep breaths. I tell myself over and over again that none of it was injected in me. 
"Please hurry." The lady calls from outside the door.
"Just one more minute." I say out of breath as I sit back up. Standing I have to steady myself against the wall for a moment to allow the dizzy spell to settle. When the world stops swaying, I move into action. I take the needle to the metal disposal bin and empty the remaining serum into it. Red liquid stains the trashed hospital gowns in the bin making it look like they were used to clean up crime scene. Then I carefully wrap the empty needle up with my old gown and shove it down above the red stained ones. 
 I throw on my new pair of bright white tennis shoes and look at myself in the floor length mirror. My hair looks wild and crazy and my eyes are filled with worry. I keep telling myself that I will be fine. I grimace and then leave the dressing area. 
I meet my dad at the counter and see him clutching his clothes for dear life. His face is crimson red, which just happens to match his new set of scrubs. He mutters something under his breath about being violated. A small smile forces its way onto my face. 
“Tablets please,” the man asks while ripping them from our hands. Why he even bothers to ask in the first place is beyond me. He plugs each tablet into a USB port that's connected to a laptop and begins punching away at something. Within a few minutes he disconnects them. “You will each get five pairs of scrubs per season, two sets of pajamas and five sets of undergarments. Obviously there are four seasons per year. We advise you to take care of your clothing; wash on a delicate cycle in cold water, dry on low. If for any reason you are unable to care for them properly and they are damaged, there are sewing kits available for purchase here and in the general store. But I advise you, they are very pricey. In addition to your regular clothing, you will receive one bathing suit per year and one pair of shoes per year. Additional footwear will be allotted for growing children if their sizes should change.” He hands us back our tablets. We grab our new clothes and make our way back into the commons area. 
My dad picks a table near the outside and we place our things in the empty chairs. My dad's eyes roam over to a line near the entrance of the meal serving area that currently looks to be closed. "Well, Willow, looks like we should probably get in line. They must be opening for dinner soon." 
I give him a half smile and grab my tablet. I'm not sure if we'll need it, but if they said to bring it everywhere, then by golly, I'm going to bring it everywhere. 
We wind up in line behind a lady who looks to be by herself. She picks at her nails and shifts her weight back and forth from the balls of her feet. She looks exceedingly nervous and her actions are causing my unease. Suddenly she turns and stares at me. I'm a bit too shocked to turn away. 
"We should go. We really should go." She says in a hoarse whisper. My eyes widen a bit in surprise because in all actuality, there is nowhere to go. "Bad things are going to happen--really bad things. We should get out while we still can!" Her breathing becomes more labored as her eyes dart about looking for God only knows what. 
I feel my dad's arm wrap around me and give me a slight squeeze. The woman turns back around and begins talking with intensity to a woman in front of her. 
That was just bizarre, I think to myself. Her warning did conjure up the accident I just had with the needle. I breathe a sigh of relief knowing that most likely nothing entered my system. The nurse had said the serum would bring immediate death. I think I'm in the clear now that we've past the immediate time frame. I hope that no other 'bad things' will happen though. 
A grinding sound has us all turning to stare at the closed, meal serving area. A large metal gate begins to wind itself up revealing a cafeteria like setup. There are serving people behind the counter in hairnets holding giant ladles. Trays are stacked to the right of them along with multi-portion style plates. The line begins to move as we all inch forward. I'm not too hungry myself, but I vow to at least attempt to eat what they serve. 
Within a few minutes we finally make it to the front of the line. My dad and I each grab a tray and a plate and set them on the three metal bars. As we move down the line we are served a variety of different scoops of varying colors. I don't pay too much attention until we are at the end of the line. "Tablets," a woman says in a raspy voice. I hand her my tablet and she scans a barcode I hadn't noticed on the back. "Next." She hands me back my tablet and I struggle to carry it with one hand and my tray in the other. Surprisingly, I make it back to our table without breaking or dumping anything. My dad joins me a moment later. 
We eat in silence--well, my dad eats and I move things around on my plate, hoping maybe he won’t notice. The colorful mush looks worse than the food they served outside of the shelter. My stomach rolls with nausea and any thoughts of eating quickly fly out of the window. 
To pass the time, I take out my tablet and find the calendar on the home-screen. I tap it once and scan down to our current time. It's only seven in the evening although it feels much later. The lack of sun in here makes it impossible to tell time without consulting a clock.
My dad finishes his meal, and then we both carry our trays to the dish wash station to place them in the bins. "Why don't we go back to the room?" My dad suggests. "Unless you want to check out the amenities?" 
I look at his tired eyes and say, "Nah, we can check them out tomorrow." I feel relieved that the accident earlier today didn't have any effect on me and that there will be a tomorrow. All of the worrying made me exhausted though. It's taking everything I have not to just curl up in a ball and fade away. Sleep will do me good. 
*****
"NO!" I try to grab for my little brother's hand and it slips through my fingers. "Sabby!" I cry out to him as he starts sliding across the floor further and further away from me. Or is he being dragged? 
"Wello!" He cries while reaching his little hands towards me, begging me to help him. His blue eyes are wild and filled with tears. 
I try to stand up and run to him but a man in a biohazard suit is holding me down. I struggle with all my might to free myself but it's useless. My limbs feel weighed down and when I try to stand it feels like I'm fighting against gravity itself.
"Willow, it's okay." I turn to look at the man in the biohazard suit but he's gone, my dad is standing there reaching out to me. I try to reach out to him but the edges of my vision become blurred and I feel as though I'm on the verge of blacking out. 
"Willow, wake up honey." 
I hear my dad calling to me but I can't see him anymore, everything went black. An earthquake erupts and the world starts shaking. I'm too tired to open my eyes and take cover under my bed.
"Willow!" My dad calls again, his voice rises with concern.
I finally come to and pry my eyes open to find my dad shaking me. I look around dazed trying to decipher reality from dream. 
"It's okay honey, it was just a dream." My dad says soothingly, pulling me into his arms. He's sitting on the edge of the top bunk with me. I take a few deep breaths and when the reminder of Sebastian being torn from my hands floods back into my brain, I break down. I sob into my dad's chest and cling to him as if he is my life force, the only thing keeping me attached to this world. 
"Why dad?" I cry and bang my fist against his chest. "Why are we here?" I pull away from him and curl into a ball on my bed crying with all my might. 
My dad doesn't answer me right away. He picks me up and cradles me in his arms like he used to do when I was a small child. I feel teardrops fall on my arms and when I look up at my dad I see that they are from him. 
He wipes them away and looks at me with all of the love in the world. "Because we are meant to be here honey. That's why we are here."
"But we left them dad." I say barely above a whisper. The guilt of the situation is weighing heavily on my shoulders.
I feel my dad's body shake ever so slightly and he does everything he can to not break down in this second. "I know." He whispers and looks away. He takes several deep, shaky breaths. "We will pray that they make it. That's all that we can do now is hope and hold onto faith."
"If they don't...make it?" I find myself choking on my last two words.
"If they don't then maybe they are being spared from a worse fate. We don't know why things happen in this life but everything is for a purpose. If they...don't make it." My dad chokes on his words too. "Then they will be in a much better place than here." 
I stare into my dad's eyes. "Do you really believe that?" I ask.
He nods his head and says, "With all my heart." 
With that I wipe away my tears and move back into a sitting position next to my dad on the bed. Hope, I repeat over and over again in my head. 
"Willow, I am here for you. I will not leave you. I promise." My dad hugs me and I hug him back as hard as I can.
"I am here for you too dad." 
"I know." He pats me on the back and then hops down off the top bunk.
"You need to try and get some sleep now. I love you."
"Love you too." I lie back down and fall into a dreamless sleep.


CHAPTER 4 (Two days inside.)

I wake up to alarms going off in the hallway. I open my eyes and see a sensor of some sort on the ceiling flashing a bright white light over and over again. 
"We need to go Willow. Get up and change quickly please." My dad says calmly.
"All persons report to headquarters." A woman's voice calls out calmly. 
I look up at the speaker system in the corner of our room. I look back at my dad confused. "What time is it dad?"
"It's around 5:00 am. It's okay Willow, you need to get dressed though. They said in the orientation video that we would have routine drills and assemblies. That's probably what this is." 
I nod my head and quickly hop down from my bed. I grab an ugly pair of blue scrubs from my drawer and head into the bathroom to change. I cringe at the sight of my unruly curls and decide to throw them into a quick ponytail. Even when it’s wrapped in a band, curls still manage to pop out on their own as if they can metaphorically do so.
A few minutes later we both leave our room, tablets in hand and join the masses of people flooding in the same direction down the stairwells and into the hallways. I look around and everyone looks just as dazed and confused as I do. This must be the first drill or assembly they've done here. I hold onto my dad's hand as we are herded into the headquarters. We pass by the administration offices and clothing stores until we reach an area that I could of sworn used to be just a wall. Now it's completely open and beyond it is a gigantic assembly hall that has thousands of stadium style seats surrounding an elevated stage. It reminds me of a football stadium and it even comes equipped with a jumbo-tron above the stage so people can still see all the way up in the nosebleed seats. F.E.M.A security guards in blue uniforms direct us towards seats, which are at a first come first serve basis. We follow the crowd up several flights of stairs until my dad finds us two aisle seats near the middle of the stadium. 
It feels like hours pass before the entire stadium is fully seated. I fill the time messing with my tablet. I watch several short tour videos that familiarize us with the amenities and different aspects of shelter life. When the lights start to dim, I look up and find myself amazed by the shear magnitude of people that are being housed in this shelter. All of the screens of each person's tablets glow like large blue fireflies in this gigantic cavern. A hushed silence overcomes the crowd when the jumbo-tron flickers on and a man's face appears on the screen. Not just any man though, the President of the United States. 
"My fellow Americans, by now you may know that we are facing a global shift in our way of life. We must consider that we are a country who has sacrificed in the past, not only for our way of life but to help those around the world who in dire circumstances needed us by their side. Today I am asking you to find your greatest resolve and sacrifice once more for the greater good of all. As a country, as a planet we must do what is required of us to support the preservation of our species: the human race. Those of you currently isolated in shelters: know that you are not alone. In these uncertain times the greatest comfort we can have is hope, hope in the future we are all helping to save: generations, for our children and our children's children. Thank you for your dedication to our cause as a nation, a world and may God help us all." 
The speech ends and the screen turns blue. We all patiently wait in silence. A few seconds pass and a new face appears on the screen. This one I don't recognize. 
A middle-aged man wearing a white lab coat and sporting a greying goatee speaks up. "Good morning citizens of F.E.M.A. shelter three. My name is Dr. Jim Hastings. I am in charge of this facility and I'm on the board for Project ELE. By now you all should have received your tablets, rooms and clothing allotment. As we all get situated and schedules get made please remain patient, as wait times will be longer than usual. As you have probably noticed already, we are a city encased within a mountain. As with any city there are rules that govern and keep us safe. If you would all flip your tablet to the blinking icon on the bottom of your screen and follow along. We are going to be going over some different rules and expectations for the next hour or so. If you have any questions please type it in the space below and one of our government officials will respond as quickly as possible."
I watch as a blinking icon appears in the corner of my tablet. I press it and a slide show presentation appears with highlighted bullet points. I try and not nod off during the remainder of the session but figure my dad will fill me in on any necessary details when we're finished. Then, a topic appears on my screen titled, "Work Assignments." This sparks my attention. 
"As with any city," Dr. Hastings drones on, "each of us needs to pitch in for the city to properly function. Upon entry we took your measurements and weight to be able to assign a proper job to each of you. Age and ability have also been taken into consideration." A new icon pops up onto my screen. "In a few moments a new icon will become available on each of your screens. These are your temporary job placements. I say temporary because some may need adjusting as time may dictate. In addition, your tablets will hold your daily schedule. Please make sure you are timely to all appointments. With that said, you are all dismissed." 
In anxiousness, I press the small blinking icon and am taken to a new screen. In large block letters at the top it reads, RUNNER. Runner? I look over at my dad's screen and his says SANITATION DEPARTMENT. Ewwww, I think to myself. 
My dad must agree because he groans. He looks over onto my screen. "Runner? They're making children work? What is a Runner anyway?" He looks up at me confused. I just shrug my shoulders.
"It's okay dad, I don't mind." I really don't. I've never worked before, this may be cool, especially if there's money involved. 
"You should be in school." He starts ferociously typing into the question box on the tablet. He hits send and we both sit there waiting for a response. People slowly file by us to exit the auditorium, but we remain seated. There's really no use in joining the masses to wait in yet another line to exit the place. 
An answer pops up on the screen. "You will find an app labeled EDUCATION on your tablet screen. This will go over our shelter educational programs. Do you require any additional service?" 
My dad types in "no." He looks at his tablet and doesn't see an education app on it. We look at mine and find the app in the lower left hand corner. I press on the icon that looks like an apple. We watch the presentation on F.E.M.A. education opportunities. They call the program, "Learning For A Brighter Future." I'm not sure how bright it will be with only four hours of class per day. Only children under the age of fifteen are eligible for full day classes. At the end of the presentation an online application pulls up. It is there for me to apply for Select classes. This would grant me a full eight hours of classes in substitute of working. 
I look to my dad hoping that he will allow me to just close the box. "No honey, you are applying." My dad says. 
I let out an exaggerated breath. I don't mind working. Of course I've never had to work before so I don't know what to expect but I do know that I wouldn't mind not having to go to school for eight hours a day. It's not that I don't like school or anything, I just often find myself bored. With a photographic memory, I learn quickly and find the repetitive assignments and lectures annoying. Going to work would be a new adventure. Plus, it would keep me busy. If I'm busy then I won’t have time to think of my mom or my brother. I push back the tears and begin filling in the applicable fields. After I press send we both stand up and head out of the auditorium. 
The line to exit is much shorter now and we find ourselves in the hallway a few minutes later. Outside we locate several tables set up with cereal bars and cups of water. We each grab a cereal bar and a cup of water then head back in the direction of our room.
I nearly drop my cup when my tablet vibrates in my hand startling me. I look at it and see a schedule reminder flash across the screen. Report to room 231 for class. Great, another odd number. The time on my tablet says 9:00 am. I look over at my dad who is looking at his tablet as well. 
He looks over at mine. "Okay honey, I guess this is where we part ways. Will you be okay finding your room without me?" We both learned during the orientation that we are only allowed three tardies per month. He shakes his head and says, "Never mind, I'm walking you there." 
"No dad. I can find it, don't worry. See, this GPS map will lead me there no problem." I show him the flashing map on my screen. The green dot shows us where we are and the red dot shows the room that I'm supposed to report to. It's on a level above us. I don't really need the map since I've already memorized most of the layout, but it's nice to have.
"I don't like this at all. I shouldn't be leaving you alone. Are you going to be okay?" His eyebrows furrow in worry.
"I'll be fine dad. I've got this. I'm fifteen, nearly sixteen, remember? I can certainly find a room on my own." I smile even though I do feel the building anxiety at being separated from my dad so soon. 
He looks at me and smiles. "Yeah, fifteen going on thirty! I have to remember how mature and smart you are honey. I know you can get there. Just stay safe. Find a friend in your class and try to stick together. I'd say don't talk to strangers but most everyone here is a stranger. So I'm going to say to go with your gut. You'll know who you can trust and who you can't. If you get any type of uncomfortable vibe from anyone just get as far away from them as you can. Okay?" 
"Okay dad. I love you but we both have to go." I give him a hug and then we both take off in opposite directions. I look around and see other kids my age walking alone but the smaller ones are escorted by their guardians. 
My stomach twists in knots as I walk along. I feel engulfed by the crowd and I have to work to control my breathing in order to avoid another panic attack. I take the stairs to my right and at the top I'm herded into a hallway filled with mostly children and teens. I look down at the timer on my tablet that says I have only a minute left to get to the room, so I pick up my pace. I reach room 231 with only seconds to spare and find that it looks like any typical school classroom except it's about three times as big. I slide into a seat in the back next to a girl with hair so blonde that it looks white. She looks really uncomfortable and avoids eye contact by pretending to be absorbed in whatever is playing on the screen of her tablet. 
The bell rings and I gaze around the room to see that there are more than a hundred students. Even still, the desks are crammed so tightly together that we have very little personal space. 
I set my tablet and my cup of water on the desk then open up my cereal bar. I stuff it down as quickly as possible not knowing the rules for eating in the classroom. I have to follow it up with water since the cereal bar was dry like cardboard. Yuck. On the flip side, at least my stomach won't be growling in the middle of class. 
"Good morning class." A woman calls out from the front of the room. "My name is Ms. Thomas and I will be your teacher for the semester. We have only a short period of time together, so we will be working hard and fast during our allotted time. This class seems packed to the rim but many of you will be transferred out tomorrow when the Select class assignments are handed out." 
A boy runs into the room out of breath, his back is facing us. 
"Tablet please." Ms. Thomas holds her hand out stiffly. He hands it to her. "Reason for tardy?" 
"I'm sorry ma'am. I had to take my sister to class and it was on the other end of the hall." He says apologetically but his posture remains stiff and straight. 
"Your guardian should take her next time." The teacher says sternly to him. 
"Yes, ma'am. She only met her guardian yesterday. Our parents are not with us. I promised her that I would take her to her first class. I won't be late again." He answers.
Ms. Thomas's facial expression softens. She presses a few things on the screen then hands his tablet back to him. "I understand. Today's tardy will be excused. Please be timely going forward. You may take a seat now." 
The boy turns around and starts heading towards the back of the room. I suddenly realize that it's Connor; the boy I met in the cooling tent outside. My heart hurts for his loss. Both of his parents are gone. I think about his little sister with the orangey red hair. That makes me think of Sebastian and I am barely able to contain the tears that threaten to flood my eyes. I can't imagine what Connor must be going through. He doesn't have his mom or dad anymore. And now he carries the responsibility of his little sister with him as well. The thought pains me.
Connor takes the desk next to mine. He seems surprised at first to see me, then his face softens and he gives me a half smile. I return it then we both turn to listen to Ms. Thomas's lecture. 
The lecture drones on for an hour and a half. Most of the kids around me begin to get fidgety after thirty minutes or so. I watch as Connor draws furiously in a notebook completely ignoring Ms. Thomas. His legs shake violently up and down; you can tell he's trying to fight the urge to get out of his chair and run. I simply take my time observing others. The girl with the 'almost white hair' seems lost. Her hair covers her face and whatever it is she is doing with her tablet. 
I pick up my tablet, which we are supposed to be taking notes on and turn it up so Ms. Thomas can't see. Let's see if this sucker has any games, I think to myself. But, alas, the screen is completely locked so I am forced to stare at the boring slide show flashing by at a snails pace. Note to self...bring an alternate activity next time. 
"So as you can see class, some of these problems are national and some global. However they can all be tied together through arithmetic and simple science." My eyes fight to stay open while Ms. Thomas drones on. She is starting to sound like the teacher in those ancient Charlie Brown cartoons at this point.
Suddenly my tablet goes blank and so does everyone else’s. "So for tomorrows class, you will meet here first thing and I will be sending you our syllabus." 
A small bell rings in the classroom signaling our release. Everyone pops out of their seat and begins stretching their arms and legs. I look at a clock on the wall and note that it's lunchtime. Although I really don’t need a clock to tell me this…my stomach is protesting already.
My tablet vibrates and a new schedule reminder pops up on the screen. REPORT FOR WORK ASSIGNMENT: HEADQUARTERS ADMIN OFFICE 213. I groan inwardly, what's with all of the odd numbers? Also, where's lunch? 
I remember my dad's advice about making a friend and sticking together. I catch Connor staring down at the map on his tablet. "So where are you headed?" I ask.
He looks up and his dark eyes lock onto me. I catch myself staring at them like I did the first time we met. I really haven't seen eyes that dark before. They're interesting and a little bit eerie. 
"Um, I guess Headquarters." He looks back at his tablet to study the map. His finger taps the side of the tablet over again. Man, this guy's quite fidgety. 
"Oh. I'm headed there too. I can show you where to go." I say.
He looks back at me and tries to offer up a smile but it falls short. "Thanks. I'm a bit directionally challenged." 
"No problem, I am a human compass. Let's go." I say gesturing for him to follow me. Connor stops cold when we step out of class. He stares down the hall in the opposite direction and shuffles from foot to foot. He looks like he wants to bolt. It takes me a minute to realize what's going on and when I do, I place my hand supportively on his shoulder. "Hey, she's going to be okay Connor. Is that where Lillie's class is?" I nod my head in the direction of his stare.
He looks back at me surprised that I knew his sisters name. It takes a second for him to register that he introduced her to me once before. He clears his throat. "Yeah. I just...I don't know. I don't like leaving her there. She's scared." His eyebrows furrow together like he's contemplating what to do. 
Aren't we all? I think to myself. "I'm sure she will be fine.” I say trying to reassure him. “She's young and has probably made several friends already. You know how easy it is to make friends when you're little. She's safe in there." All kids deserve to feel safe. I push down the pain that strikes my chest at the thought of Sebastian out there somewhere. 
Connor nods his head and then suddenly he notices my hand on his shoulder. 
I feel the heat flood into my cheeks and I awkwardly remove my hand. "Well, we should get going." I start walking towards Headquarters. Without looking at my tablet he follows me as we twist and turn down some hallways, a flight of stairs and finally end up in the middle of Headquarters with a few minutes to spare. I look around at the sea of colors that surround me. People are bustling about, walking fast in their colorful scrubs to wherever their assignments are. I don't see any children like the first time we came here. I guess most of them are still in classes. We walk towards an escalator and get off on the second floor. I start heading toward my assignment then it hits me. "Oh, I should have asked. Which office do you have to report to?"
"Two-thirteen." He says looking at the address numbers on the outside of the administrative offices as we pass.
"That's where I'm going! Are you a runner too?" 
"Yeah, I guess so." He looks around, once more seeming uncomfortable then walks ahead of me towards the office. 
So much for small talk. I guess I can't really blame him. This whole place, this new life, it's overwhelming. I've not been separated from my parents in a long time and my guess is Connor hasn't either. Most children have been home schooled like myself and have rarely left the house. Our social lives consist of only what we've managed to maintain online through our computer. I think about how I put my hand on his shoulder and inwardly kick myself. That probably was really awkward for him. My parents were very hands on, total huggers who have no problem invading your personal space. With the virus spreading the way it did, physical contact is very few and far between, especially between strangers. I make a mental note to keep my hands to myself. 
Connor pauses at the administrative office labeled: 213. He holds the door open for me and I pick up my pace as to not make him wait much longer. 
"Thanks." I say with a half-smile. I look around at the room that isn't much bigger than the classroom we were just in. The walls are stark white and there are ten office desks that line the exterior walls. Adults sit behind the desks typing at the speed of light. They seem either oblivious to us or they just don't care. My guess is the former since looming stacks of files sit piled high on each desk. Several metal filing cabinets, a copier machine and a small break area make up the rest of the office. 
Connor and I join the group of about fifteen others who are huddled in the middle of the office. They all surround a table with several sack lunches. We both grab one and start munching down on the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and veggie sticks. I pull out a small juice box and down it really quick not noticing the particular flavor. This lunch set up reminds me of elementary school, except we are all standing and trying to devour our nourishment before our work assignments start. After I'm done I gaze around at the other people in the room. Nearly all of the people in the group appear to be around our age. I notice the girl from my class, the one with the pale blonde hair, standing apart from the crowd. She keeps her head down, looking at her tablet. Her nearly white hair once again covers her face. One of the teens in the group tells a joke and a lot of the others laugh loudly. Not feeling like much in the joking mood, I make my way over to the loner girl. 
"Hey," I say. As if I yelled it out at the top of my lungs, she nearly jumps out of her socks. "Whoa, I didn't mean to startle you." I say looking at her surprised. 
She looks at me with wide doe like eyes. Her eyes are an icy pale blue that makes her look all the more fragile. With her petite frame and porcelain skin color, she looks like a doll. Her mouth hangs open a bit awkwardly as if she doesn't know what to say.
"I'm Willow." I offer all the while forcing my hand to stay at my side. I had been taught to shake hands when I introduced myself but I don't want to break this poor girl. She already seems shocked enough that I'm even talking to her.
I stand there with one of my eyebrows raised in question. She takes a second and then offers quietly, "Claire." She pushes her hair behind her ears.
"Nice to meet you Claire." I say carefully. "This is Connor." I point out Connor who offers a silent wave. She looks at him then quickly darts her eyes away. I barely catch the pink rise up in her cheeks before she lets her hair fall in her face once more. 
I look over at Connor as if he could help but he just shrugs. This girl is probably the most skittish creature I've ever seen. 
A man clears his throat and announces, "May I have your attention please." I look up to see a pudgy middle-aged man with balding black hair standing near the entrance of the office. His black scrubs make him look drab and his voice comes off as overly bored. "Thank you for coming. My name is Mr. Blake. I am the head of the administrative department. You have been selected as runners based on your age and estimated energy level. Runners are required to move at a fast pace throughout the entire shift, as you will be given multiple assignments to complete each day. Most assignments will be in the form of deliveries however you may be utilized in other forms of grunt work. This may include filing, cleaning, supply retrieval and so on. Basically, you will just do whatever you are assigned to do. Since this is a fast paced, on your feet type of job you will receive an extra allotment of shoes, which you can switch out as needed. Does anyone have any questions at this time?" The look on his face shows that he's not really interested in answering questions. 
A tall lanky boy with red hair and a face peppered in freckles raises his hand. 
"Yes." Mr. Blake drones.
"Um, sir, since this is my first job and all...um, does this mean we all get paid, like real money?" The boy asks. I perk up wondering the answer myself, not that I would even know where to spend the money in a place like this. 
Mr. Blake looks at the boy as if he were a filthy, putrid smelling rag. "What? Are you saying that you don't want to serve your country, to pitch in for your community?" His voice starts to escalate. "Is it not good enough for you that you have been provided shelter, safety, food and clothes on your back?" He counts the blessings on his fingers as if he bestowed them upon us himself. "You could be on the outside! Do you really think that you deserve money for your services in here?" His harsh tone makes me jump. 
The boy's shoulders slump and he looks like a scalded toddler. "No, sir. I'm sorry sir."
The boy cowers beneath his stare as Mr. Blake gives him the stink eye for a few more moments. 
Mr. Blake asks again, "Any more questions?" He stares us all down one by one, sizing us up in the process. We all shake our heads profusely. "Good. Now, I do not have the time to sit here and hold each of your hands. I have already assigned Alec as a leader for this shift." A young man steps forward. I hadn't noticed him before. He's tall and muscular with caramel skin. His hair is the same color as Mr. Blake's, but that's where the resemblance stops. He has intense emerald green eyes that stand out in comparison to his dark features. He looks to be around seventeen years old. 
Mr. Blake gestures to Alec and then continues. "You will each receive your assignments via your tablet at the start of your shift. Alec is here if you should have a question or if you require assistance at any time. You may see him shadow you on occasion. In order to run a smooth operation we require dedicated, hard workers. He is here to ensure that you are performing efficiently. Under performance can result in negative repercussions on your work history and could also result in other corrective measures being taken. Please remember that in three years, when we are released, most of you will be of age to work full time. Your performance inside this facility could dictate your job assignments out in the real world. In addition you will receive a small allowance for your services at the end of each week so I suggest you use it wisely." He glares at the boy who asked the original question. "With that said, I will leave Alec to finish with your orientation. If you need my assistance in the future you can find my contact information on your tablet. You should however, refer to Alec for your day to day operational questions." Without another word he turns and walks out of the office. 
Alec stands there a bit uncomfortable at first. After a second a light bulb must have gone off in his head because he stands up straight and puts on his most adult-like tone to address us. "My name is Alec Blake and I will be leading your shift." Someone in the crowd groans. Instead of ignoring it, as I would have done, Alec cuts the person off at the pass. "Who has a problem?" The perpetrator is singled out when several people turn to look at the same lanky boy who had asked Mr. Blake about pay. This boy must have a death wish or something. "What's your name boy." It should sound funny having someone Alec's age call another kid boy, but it doesn't. He stares the boy down and rightfully displays his authority.
The boy shuffles from foot to foot and then answers, "Josh." 
Alec stands up even taller than before and says, "Josh, I'm taking it that you have an issue with my obvious relation to the Head Administrator. I know what you are thinking, that I'm just in this position because of my father. You are probably also thinking that with your extensive experience and work history that you should be the one leading this team. Well then, since you are so ready to run things boy, why don't you finish leading this orientation?" He taps his foot and waits for Josh to step up. 
Realizing that he wasn't asking a rhetorical question, Josh answers, "Um, I don't know how to."
"You don't know how to?" Alec raises his brows in question. "I thought that you knew everything? Way more than me at least." He points to his own chest jokingly.
Josh's eyes open wide and I nearly feel bad for him, but the boy's got to learn not to stick his foot in his mouth. "No, sir. I'm sorry, sir." He stutters and his face reddens as he's put in his place for the second time in less than five minutes.
I find myself surprised to see Alec nod his head and move on. I kind of took him for the tough guy who will continue to drill the point home but he just earned a few respect points in my book for letting it go. "You may all address me as Alec. I figure that most of us are near to each other in age so there is no point in calling me Mr. Blake. With that said, I do still expect for each of you to respect my authority and to follow my directions. I have run small shifts before at my father's factory and you will find that while I may hold high expectations for each of my team members, I am also fair. Our motto as runners is 'Get it Done.' I expect for each of you to live up to our motto and to get the job done to the best of your abilities." For a young person, Alec does surprisingly well with public speaking. He makes eye contact with each of us as he's talking and remains in control. "If you will all look at your tablets at this time you will see that your assignments have been uploaded. Your assignments are pretty cut and dry so you should not need much direction to complete them. If you do need direction or if for some reason you are unable to complete your assignments in the allotted time, then you will need to contact me. You can page me by typing into the IM box at the bottom right hand side of your screen. This will activate your locator and I will come to assist you as quickly as possible. Your assignments will be linked to your GPS so you will receive directions on how to get to your destination. I hope that within a few weeks you will commit our shelter's map to your memory as this will help you complete your assignments much faster." Alec turns around and grabs something from a table behind him. He holds it up. "Each of you will receive one of these. This is a holder for your tablet which can be worn on your hip like this." He straps the black holder around his waist and then sets his tablet face out, into it. I try and stifle a laugh; it looks like a fanny-pack. "Since you will often be carrying items, this will allow you to have your hands free to complete your task. You will also receive a pair of earphones so you can get audio directions to your destinations. You will not have time, or free hands, to continually look down at your tablet map." Alec hands us each a holder and a set of white earphones. I don't know if I imagined it or not, but he gives me a short smile when he hands me mine. "Alright. Unless you have any questions, you may disperse and begin your assignments." 
Nobody asks any questions. I strap the holder around my waist, taking notice of my awesome sense of style lately and then look at my tablet to find my first assignment. 
There’s a note on the top of the list to pick up supplies in Mr. Volmer’s office to take to the library. I find a map posted on the wall showing office locations. I pin it to my memory where his office is along with the names correlating with the other offices in this space. Mr. Volmer is located at the far end of the Administration ‘building.’ I put the tablet in my ‘fanny-pack’ and kick it into high gear. There’s no telling how long this day will be or how many errands I’ll be running.
After an exhausting amount of twists and turns I finally end up at the corner office. There’s a nameplate on the door with Mr. Volmer’s name on it and underneath it says, “Historian.” Hmm, I think to myself. I wonder why this facility needs a historian. I knock softly on the door and wait ‘till I hear a deep voice telling me to come in. I try and open the door but it stops after only a few feet. I attempt pulling back and opening it again only to be stopped short. “Umm, Mr. Volmer?” I ask. 
“Yes, yes, come in,” he says. 
“Well, that’s the problem sir. I can’t seem to get the door open.” It seems like Captain obvious came for a visit now. I hear some shuffling behind the door and what sounds to be crates of boxes being moved. The door opens a few inches more and a frazzled head sticks out. I’m assuming this is Mr. Volmer. He has white frizzy hair that sticks up in the places he isn’t bald. He's sporting a serious case of male patterned baldness. His bottle cap glasses that cover most of his face magnify his eyes in a creepy mad professor sort of way. 
“Yes, yes what can I do for you young lady,” he asks while sizing me up. 
“Uh, yeah, my name is Willow and it says here that you have something that needs to be delivered to the library?” 
“Ah, yes! Hold on just a minute.” He disappears behind the door and I hear more shuffling followed by sounds of several different book avalanches. Seconds later the door opens a little bit and I’m being given a large stack of books. “Here you go,” he says as he nearly slams the door in my face. 
“Um, thanks,” I say to the door. 
There are about ten books or so in the stack and they all have heavy brown leather covers. I shift their weight in my arms so they’re more easily carried and set off through the labyrinth of offices. 
It seems like forever since I've been to a real library. Obviously being holed up in the house for a few years made it hard for me to go to my favorite place. There's something about the smell of books that speaks to me. I still read a lot on my e-reader back at home but there's something about holding the paper in your hands. I take a second to enjoy the sight then I drop off the books to a librarian who barely glances up at me from her book to acknowledge the delivery. She signs off on my tablet and then sticks her nose back in her book. I can't say I blame her. I make a mental note to find my way back here when I have free time. 
My next assignment blinks on the screen almost immediately after I step out of the library. Another delivery. Argh, my feet already hurt but I keep moving along. To be honest I haven't even thought much about my mom or my brother today. While I don't want to forget them, I'm still grateful to have the busy work. It takes the edge off. 
Two and a half hours later, I've completed my tenth delivery. A message pops up on my tablet stating that my daily assignments are complete and that I may return to the Administrative Office. I walk in and find Alec sitting behind a desk, typing something into a computer. 
He turns and looks at me with eyebrows raised. "Don't tell me, your tablet GPS malfunctioned. That's been happening all day. Give it here." He rubs his temple with his index finger and holds his other hand out for me to pass him my tablet. His face looks slightly annoyed at first but then his expression changes to wonderment when I hand him my tablet. "You're done?"
I look from side to side wondering if I did something wrong then say, "Um, yeah. I mean, yes sir." My dad always taught me to respect elders but it still seems odd calling a boy only a few years older than me at the most, sir.
 "No, don’t call me sir. You can call me by my first name."
"Oh, okay Alec." It's strange calling a supervisor by their first name, but I guess I'll have to get used to it. He gives me a funny look and I realize he might not remember my name. "My name is Willow." 
"I know." He clears his throat then looks down at my tablet. I'm instantly grateful for the lessening of eye contact because it was strangely intense there for a moment. He looks back up a second later. "Well, Willow, I think there might be an issue with your tablet." 
I look at him questioningly. "I haven't noticed any issues. "
He takes my tablet and connects it by a USB cord to his computer. "Well, most of the other runners are still only half way through their assignments."
"Do we all have the same number of assignments?" I ask curious.
"Yes you all received ten assignments." He checks the screen, which hasn't loaded yet and then looks back at me. "Look, you couldn't have finished all of your assignments yet." 
I don't know why, but something about how he said that last part sets me off; especially since I know that I completed all ten assignments. "Well I did! It's not my fault the others are slow. I got the message stating that I've finished and that's why I'm here." I throw my hand up on my hip to add that extra emphasis. 
He studies me for a second with a look that I can't quite place then he checks his screen again. He turns back to me a few seconds later with his mouth gaping open. He mouth's the word how.
I shrug my shoulders and add with a little attitude, "Am I dismissed then?" 
He just looks at me with wide emerald eyes and says, "Um, I guess." He sounds uncertain but I don't sit around to wait for him to think on it further. I've got a library to check out. I turn on my heel and leave the office and Alec behind. 
I don't have to look at my tablet to find the library again. I've already committed its location to memory. I round the corner and end up accidentally running into someone. I look up to find Connor standing there stunned. He dropped his tablet during my accidental attack so I bend down to help him grab it but end up bumping heads with him when he makes the same move. "Ouch." We both say in unison while rubbing our heads. I let Connor grab his own tablet this time as to avoid crushing our skulls again.
"Sorry." I say apologetically. 
Connor looks frustrated and overwhelmed. At first I'm worried that it's aimed at my clumsiness but then he sets it straight. "It's okay. So what assignment are you on?" 
"Oh, I'm done." I say but instead of feeling proud that my first day went so well, I actually feel kind of down. Now I have time to think and I don't feel like thinking.
"What? I'm only on number four. This is taking forever! As if I don't have enough issues with directions, my GPS keeps acting up. I swear that I've passed this same hall four times now trying to find the medical station. I think it's broken again." 
I feel bad now that I just told him I was done. I definitely didn't want him to feel like he's doing anything wrong by how long it's taking him. "Hey, I can help you if you want. I know where the medical station is."
His dark eyes brighten just a bit. "Really? That would be great Willow. Thanks." 
"No problem at all. I've got nothing to do." I say. After all, the library can wait.
I lead Connor to the medic station and then help him on several more assignments. We don't really talk much along the way but it's not awkward or anything. It would probably be with anyone else, but there's a type of comfort level between Connor and I. It's one that comes with having something in common: loss. 
"We were only messing around, you don't have to get your panties in a bunch!" A high pitch girl voice calls out from a room down the hall. Her giggling sounds like a Hyena. 
"Yeah sorry, we were just having a little fun with you runner girl! What, you didn't think it was funny sugar?" A guy adds, his voice dripping with sarcasm. 
The Hyena girl giggles annoyingly again. I hear a sniffle sound coming from the room. 
I look to Connor and he nods back to me. I don't even have to say it out loud. We both start towards the room where the harassment is coming from. We don't make it far before Claire, the one who sat next to me in class, comes barreling out of the room slamming the door behind her. Her hair is still in front of her face and it must have obstructed her vision because she plows right into Connor. The force of their collision pushes him back half of a step.
"Sorry." Claire sniffs. She tries to move to work her way around us but Connor grabs her gently by the arms. 
"Hey, what's wrong? Did those people hurt you?" Connor asks seriously. His face is a mask of concern. 
She looks up at him and behind all of that white blonde hair covering her face you can see her tear filled frosty blue eyes. Something in my chest pangs knowing that someone who looks so fragile and innocent is hurting.
"Did they hurt you?" Connor asks again a little stronger this time.
"No." She whispers then turns her head and starts wiping at her eyes. 
"What happened?" I ask in a soothing voice. Maybe staying calm will help her open up.
She looks at me with a look of surprise. It's that look again that asks, are you really talking to me? I wonder what would make this beautiful, yet really strange, girl so skittish and self-conscious. 
"It's okay, you can tell us." I say again gently. 
Connor is still holding onto her arms so he takes this second to carefully let her go. He seems ready to catch her if she tries to dart though.
"They were playing a trick on me." She said.
"A trick?" Connor asks, his eyebrows rose in question.
She looks to him and then back at me. "Yes, they were messing with my GPS. They kept re-routing me here."
"How did they mess with your GPS?" I ask.
"Anything can be hacked." She says while wiping her eyes one last time. This time she looks at me with a bold certainty I wouldn't have thought she'd have. "They think I'm stupid; that I wouldn't know what they were doing. I am not stupid!" 
 I don't know Claire that well, but I like this side of her. She should show it more often instead of hiding behind all of that pretty hair. "Of course you are not stupid." I say matter of factly.
"How did you know that they were messing with you?" Connor asks pleasantly surprised by her short show of confidence too.
Claire looks at him and blushes again, looking down at her shoes. "I know a lot about computers and stuff. When I circled this block for the third time, I heard them laughing in the computer lab. I put two and two together and knew that they were messing with my map."
"So you went in there?" I ask. I really can't believe that she would confront them. 
She looks thoughtful for a second then says, "Yes. It wasn't the brightest move. I was just so angry. My feet were aching from running circles and they were just sitting in there having a blast at my expense!" 
Connor's eyebrows furrow and it doesn't take a genius to figure out what he's about to do. He side steps around Claire and stomps off down the hall. 
It doesn’t take me more than a few moments to realize I should probably follow him in there. “Stay here,” I say to Claire and hurry to catch up to Connor.
Connor skips the pleasantries and immediately turns the door handle. It's unlocked and he marches right in; I follow behind him.
The teens inside the room turn to look at us in bewilderment. I count six of them, all guys, hanging around. In a normal room that many people would result in overcrowding but this isn't a normal room. I take in the layout of it with my mouth hanging open in awe. This isn't a simple bunk bed set up like my dad and I have. No, this is a plush layout that has to be at least five hundred square feet of semi-luxurious furnishings. Two queen-sized beds are set up on opposite sides of the room. They have decorated blankets and throw pillows, which are starkly different than our grey and white linens. In the middle of the room is a mock living area set up with a couch and a chaise lounge. There is even an intricately designed ornate rug on the floor. A large desk with a full sized computer is set up against the wall. Instead of plain white walls these walls are painted in soothing earth tones. A few framed oil paintings of natural landscapes are set up around the room in such a way that they look like windows to the outside. It's quite beautiful and much more fancy than my room or even my old house. How in the world does a person get a room like this? In comparison, this room makes my room look like a prison cell. 
One of the boys steps towards us with his hands raised. He looks like a Ken doll with bleached blonde hair and big hazel eyes. His muscles look too proportionate to have come from real hard labor. Instead they probably are the result of months spent with an expensive personal trainer. “Hey man, we were just having a little fun,” he says. I can tell from the sound of his voice that he was the one talking to Claire earlier.
I look to Connor to try and gauge his reaction. His eyebrows furrow and his eyes get all beady looking. It’s kind of scary if you ask me. “Look pal, don’t you have anything better to be doing than to be messing with this poor girl? Some of us have to work around here.” Connor says nearly spitting in his face.
The guy he is talking to says, "I'm not your pal, the name's Zack." He says pal with a disgusted look like he wouldn't touch Connor with a ten-foot pole. Then with a mischievous grin on his face he turns to the others. “Hey fellas, this guy here wants to know if we have anything better to do.” He hikes his thumb back behind him pointing at Connor. They all laugh in unison like it’s the funniest joke in the world. 
I hear that hyena laugh and see a tall blonde who looks like a life sized Barbie doll, come out from the bathroom. I catch a glimpse of the bathroom before the door closes behind her. From what I can see, there is a garden tub and a double vanity in there. A small amount of envy creeps up at their luxuries and I try to squash it quickly. The girl must have seen my stare though because she speaks up in a haughty tone, "What? See something you like?"
My cheeks burn with fury at her calling me out. "No." I say and give her my best rolling of the eyes. 
She sticks her hand on her hips then looks me up and down with her big baby blue eyes. "I saw you eyeing our place, you must be one of the less fortunate ones." Her voice drips with a false sense of pity.
"First, I'm not less fortunate, I'm Willow. Second, green's not really my color so no, I wasn't ogling your place." My chest aches when I remember how often my mom used to tell us that green doesn't look good on us when we were kids and saw others getting more than we had. 
She doesn't respond, instead she lets out another hyena laugh. Wow, how can someone who tries to look so perfect on the outside have such an atrocious laugh? I let out a small giggle at that and she gives me the nastiest look that only makes me giggle more. 
Zack smirks at me then turns back around to Connor. “In answer to your question, no, we don’t have anything better to do. Well, unless you count twiddling our thumbs or taking a nap. But hey, now that you mention it, maybe twiddling our thumbs does seem more fun about now. Whatcha think fellas?” They laugh at his banter again and my frown deepens. 
Rage is bubbling up deep inside of me at this guy’s blazé attitude. “Seriously,” I pipe up. “You have nothing else to do? No job? No school? There has to be something you guys are good at other than messing up someone’s day here!” I know, it doesn’t deserve an Oscar, but that’s all I’ve got. I keep my eyes focused on him holding his gaze. I notice that he has the same hair color and the same shaped eyes as the Barbie hyena girl. I assume they are related. 
Zack sizes me up before answering. “Yeah, we go to school, but only in the morning today. Tomorrow we start our Select classes. Now as to jobs, no, of course not! Well, now that you mention it, you may be able to count what we’re doing now as a job. Teaching you both the art of technological hacking. May do you good someday." He looks back and forth from Connor to me then settles his eyes on me. "And as for you, I can give some private lessons if you ask really nice sugar." He reaches his hand out as if he was going to grab one of my curls and I swat it back down with a smack. He laughs. I don't have a mirror, but I can bet that my face is the color of cherry pie right about now. I'm fuming! 
 “Now, if you’ll be on your way, we’re late for our appointment.” He says the last part with a note of sarcasm. 
As he starts to shoo us out I catch a glimpse of a photo above the girl's bed. The girl and Zack are in it. They are a bit younger and standing next to a woman who I'm assuming is their mom. I try to look a little closer because something's caught my attention. It's strange, in the photo both children seem to have the same golden brown eyes as their mother. Maybe it’s just the lighting or shadows.
Before I can get a better look, Zack blocks my view. Then, in the blink an eye, he’s ushered us out the door and has slammed it in our faces. I blink a few times trying to clear the cobwebs out of my head. “Come on, let’s get out of here,” Connor says.
Claire is still standing in the hall where we last left her. She looks like she's trying to figure us out. "Did you both just defend my honor in there?" Her eyebrows are furrowed in thought.
"Well, we didn't do that great of a job, but I think they got the point. Not that they took it to heart or anything." Connor replies.
"They're just being jerks." I say.
Claire studies us with her icy blue eyes then gives a small smile. "Thanks guys. Nobody has ever really done anything like that for me before. Usually people just act like I don't exist. Sometimes I think I must have a secret layer of camouflage because people often look right through me. I'm not noticeable I guess. " Her smile drops.
Connor surprises me by saying under his breath, "I doubt that." 
Claire must not have heard him since she didn't blush at his compliment. I add, "Well that's what friends should do for each other." 
"We’re friends?" She says the word like it's foreign and I instantly feel horrible that this poor girl has had to feel this alone in the world. 
"If you want to be. I think we can use a support group in here. Especially if we have to deal with people like that." I point back with my thumb towards Zack's room. 
She cocks her head at me and studies me for a second then says, "Yeah, I think I'd like that." She smiles which lights her face up in a new, beautiful way. Connor and I catch it like it's contagious and find ourselves grinning too. 
****
I spend the rest of the afternoon helping Connor, and mainly Claire, finish up their assignments. It doesn’t take too long because conveniently, Connor and Claire’s routes correlate with each other. Surprisingly, they don’t ask me how I can get from point A to point B without looking at the map.
We get done around 5:30; thirty minutes before our tablets say that supper is to be served. We go together to pick up Connor's little sister Lillie from class, then head over to the cafeteria to secure our places in line. 
We sit together at dinner eating our mush. I look around for my dad but don't see him so I assume he got a different dinner shift tonight. I do get to meet Connor's guardian, Sarah, whom I soon realize is only responsible for Lillie. Apparently Connor was allowed to sleep on a cot in their room last night however, effective tonight he will be moved to his permanent room. Apparently teens who don't have parents bunk up together in a mass dorm style room. Connor’s body language tells me that he is very much not happy about this arrangement. I don't blame him because with his new schedule and separate room, he will rarely see his little sister. Sarah assures him though that she is in good hands. 
I also find out during dinner that Claire stays in one of those dorm rooms for female teens. Each dorms hold up to ten same sex teens. Claire has seven roommates in hers. Most of them are from the orphanage she grew up in. None of them really talk to her though. They all think she's strange. She doesn't mention how she ended up in an orphanage but we can pretty much assume that she lost her parents to the virus. 
After dinner we part ways for the night. I head back to my room to wait for my dad. I pass the time by taking a nice hot shower, which apparently I can only do three times a week per water and energy conservation restrictions. It feels good though to get clean. I hop into bed afterwards. I hadn't realized just how tiring today was and I find myself falling asleep soon enough.
"Hey honey." My dad kisses me on the forehead. 
I awake from a dreamless sleep and look at my tablet to see that it's only 10:00 pm. I haven't been asleep for very long. "Hey dad. Are you just now getting home?" I ask, stretching my arms above my head.
My dad looks exhausted and really, really filthy. I don't even want to ponder the dirt he's covered in. "Yeah. I didn't get to eat until nine. It's been a long day." He runs his hand through his greying hair. "How was your day?"
"It was good. Why are they making you work such long shifts?" I ask. We had started at nine this morning. That means he worked for at least twelve hours today. That seems rather long to me. 
"The work has to get done." He studies me as if trying to figure out if he should tell me something. Instead of telling me what was on his mind he says, "Try to get some sleep honey."
I don't let him get away that easily. "Dad, what's up?" I rub the small amount of sleep out of my eyes that had formed during my nap.
He brushes back the hair from my forehead and steps back a little. I have to sit up to see him better since the safety railing is now partially blocking my view. He paces the room for a second then starts. "You know honey that your mother and I tried to keep you kids sheltered from the mess that's been going on in our country over the past few years."
I nod.
"I figure that you are old enough and mature enough now to know what's going on." He smiles at me and has a proud look in his eye. "You know that we have never had that much money."
I know that much. We learned in school about economics. There used to be a middle class in our country but for the past decade, or longer even, there has only been two classes: the rich and the poor. 
"The government knew that this virus was getting out of hand a few years ago. At that time the plans for a way to stop it began. We were warned that we would eventually have to go into these shelters. Everyone was allowed the opportunity to pay for their space in advance. The prices were outrageous and completely unattainable for anyone other than the wealthiest families." A pent up look of frustrated anger shows on his face. "They told us that those who could not afford to pay for their spaces would still be admitted in, however, they would have to earn their keep. Most of us have no problem with that. We've been working hard just to stay afloat all of our lives, but Willow, I didn't know that they were going to make the children work for their spaces too!" His face turns red with his frustration. "They didn't tell us that! Did they treat you bad?" He comes up closer to the bed again and studies me to make sure he can't see any physical sign of damage.
I shake my head confused, "No Dad, they didn't. It was fine." 
He looks at me intensely, "You can tell me the truth honey. Were they mean? How long did you have to work today?"
"I only worked five hours and it was easy work doing deliveries. Nobody was mean...Well, that's not exactly true." My dad's eyes started to show the beginning signs of rage so I quickly continued to settle his fears. "The people at work are nice. We just ran into some spoiled brats who were trying to cause trouble." He calms down at this but still remains interested. "You know it makes sense though now. They have a much nicer place than ours. They are the same age too but they didn't have to work."
"Yes, their parents probably paid for their spot. I heard rumors that the paid rooms were very nice. Just because they don't work doesn't mean they have any right to treat you badly. Do I need to go talk to them?"
I give my dad a sincere smile. His love shows through in his offer to stick up for me. "No, I already spoke to them. They weren't really being mean to me but they were picking on another girl. I went in there and confronted them. I don't think it did much good but they had no right to bully someone just because they were bored."
That look of pride flashes across my dad's face again. "You did the right thing honey. I'm proud of you for standing up to those bullies. Most people wouldn't, especially when it's not their fight." 
"Well you didn't teach me to be most people." I sit up taller and grin.
"No I didn't. I love you honey. You let me know if you ever need me to go beat down any snobs for you. Not that I don't think you can't handle your own. It's sometimes good to have reinforcements." 
"Yeah, I've got those. I made two friends today." My dad looks interested so I continue. "Connor and Claire. They are both in my class and they are runners too."
"That's awesome. You stick close to each other. It's important for you to have someone that has your back in here. I’ve heard some uproar from some of the other adult workers. They aren't too happy at the way they're being treated, especially with some of their children being forced to work. Also, I think a lot of it has to do with many lower class families getting declined entry. The wounds are wide open right now, so it might come to nothing after some time passes. I just want you to know ahead of time how some people are feeling so that you don't get surprised by any disgruntled behavior around here. Continue to stay close to your friends and make sure to report to me if anything odd comes up or if you feel mistreated in any way. Will you do that for me honey?" 
"Of course." I wonder to myself what he means by disgruntled behavior but I don't continue to ponder it too much because I can tell that the day is catching up to my dad. His eyes look tired and his posture went slack. "Hey dad, why don't you go take a shower and get some rest." 
He nods his head. "What? I stink that bad?" 
"Yep!" I say pinching my nose with my fingers and waving the 'odor' away with my other hand. 
My dad gets me in that one tickle spot right under my arm, my Achilles heel. I break out in giggles. He leans in like he wants to give me a hug but then remembers he's filthy and pats my head instead. "I love you. Get some sleep." 
"You too dad." I reply and lie back down on my bed. 
"Night." My dad turns and starts to head to the bathroom but I grab his arm before he leaves my bedside.
"Wait dad?" I ask nervously.
He turns back, "Yes?" 
"Can I ask you a question?" I chew on my nails waiting for his response.
"Shoot." He says while making a fake gun sign with his thumb and index finger. My dad can be a big dork when he wants to.
"Who is ELE?" I don't know why it's been on my brain tonight but I feel like I need to know more about what's going on out there in the world.
He studies me for a long second then says, "I'm sorry that I didn't tell you before. I wanted to protect you but I can see that now you’re becoming a mature and strong woman, just like your mother." His voice catches but he carries on. "You can handle the truth. ELE stands for Extinction Level Event." 
I let out a loud breath. I really don't like the sound of that.
He continues, "An Extinction Level Event is exactly what it sounds like. This is where our planet was headed with the rapid speed that the virus was killing off the human race at." He stares at me as if trying to gauge my reaction.
I nod and say, "I understand."
He gives me a slight smile and then says, "I've known about Project ELE for a while and while I hate that it tore our family in half, I do understand why it was necessary." His face turns grim.
I blink away the tears that start forming in my eyes as I think of all of the people that have died and all of the people outside the safety of our shelters. "Thank you dad." I say sincerely. He looks at me confused and then I continue. "Thank you for protecting me as long as you could. I mean protecting my innocence. I don't think I could have handled that news before all of this."
He looks surprised that I would make such a mature statement. "I love you so much." Is all he says.
"I love you too dad." I sit up and give him a hug despite his apparent stink. "Night."
"Good night." He says and then turns to head once again to the bathroom. This time I don't stop him. 
A minute later I hear the shower running. I think to myself about how much my life has changed in such a short period of time. It has only been eight days since my family left our house and headed towards the shelter lines and it has been two days since my family was torn apart. So much happened so fast that I can't help but wonder what changes life will bring me in the future. I don't get a chance to think about it for long because the running water lulls me into a dreamless sleep. 


CHAPTER 5 (Thirty-one days inside.)

Boring routine, that's what the next month is like. School, work, dinner and bed. We barely have any free time. It didn't come as a surprise that neither Connor, Claire or I got accepted into the Select classes. I don't mind that much because I actually enjoy the mindless activity of running errands in the afternoon. Connor sometimes complains about it though, and by sometimes I mean all the time! 
"Look, the pool. Yet another amenity we haven't gotten to use." Connor slouches as we walk by the heavily chlorinated corridor. His grumbling voice expresses his frustration. 
"I wonder why they even built these places if we never get to use them." Claire interjects. She usually doesn't complain but sometimes Connor's moods can be contagious. We can't really blame him. My guess is that he's ADHD or something by his consistent nervous fidgeting and inability to remain still for longer than twenty seconds. 
I look down at my tablet to check the time and someone rams me in the shoulder knocking me back a step. "Ugh!" I call out and turn around quickly to confront the hit and run offender. "Excuse you!" 
Standing there in a red bikini with a towel hanging over her shoulder is Hyena girl. She gets a pinched up expression on her face like she smelled something foul and says, "You need to watch where you're going!" 
I look at her incredulously, "Me? I don't think so. You rammed into me with your bony little shoulder." I don't know where that type of attitude came from but there is something about this girl that brings out the worst in me. Claire and Connor come and stand at my flanks to loan me their moral support. 
"My shoulders are not bony!" She whines and then looks to one of her swim trunk clad, bare chested 'crew' members for reassurance. To my greatest pleasure nobody acknowledges her petty need for a confidence boost.
"Candy, you did run into her." Zack calls out from behind her. He walks up to me until he's crossed into my personal zone and then some. I blush and take a step back. He seems to take pride in the fact that he's making me uncomfortable. I can't help but feel awkward since I can't even name the last time I saw a man with his shirt off. Not that I think Zack is much of a man but it's still weird nonetheless. "Like what you see?" He asks full of cocky confidence. His only clothing is red swim trunks that sit loosely on his hips and a pair of swimming goggles, which are hanging from his wrist. His muscles almost look painted on and I wonder if he adds makeup to his abs to make them stand out more. 
"Hmm," I look him up and down appraisingly and find satisfaction when I see a slight blush spread on his falsely tanned cheeks. I shrug my shoulders and say "Not really." 
A livid look passes across his eyes and for a second I get an uncomfortable feeling in the pit of my stomach. Just like that it vanishes and an amused look takes its place. "Well, I'm sure people of your...social status, don't have many interactions with those of the opposite sex. It's okay to feel nervous around me." A look of utter disgust pops onto my face. He laughs and the Hyena girl, who I now know as Candy, joins in on the hackling. 
"You should join us." Candy says. "Oh wait, you can't! You have to work!" She cracks herself up so much that she snorts like a pig. I can't help the giggle that releases after that. She stops and glares at me with her hands on her bony hips. 
"Well, if you do ever get a day off, you should hang with us." Zack stares at my nametag, which is located on my chest; quite convenient for him. "You can bring your friends too, Willow." I cringe at the way my name sounds on his lips.
"Thanks but no thanks." I say as I turn and walk in the opposite direction. I feel better after I put some distance between us and shake off the slime that they lathered on. 
"Eww! He was totally undressing you with his eyes." Claire says with an appropriate amount of distaste.
"Yeah, I feel totally scandalized." I say while wiping my sweaty palms on my scrubs. Intense conversations like that make me nervous but I feel good that I held my own. 
"I should go and pulverize that rich boy's face!" Connor looks like he might just do it so I wave him off.
"Nah, they aren't worth it." I smile at him and pat his back reassuringly. I watch as his face calms down. Over the past month Connor has taken on the protective big brother role over Claire and me with zeal. Well sometimes I wonder if it's more than a big brother role with Claire, but I won't mention that.
I look at the timer on my tablet. "Crap! We are going to have to run. One minute and thirty seconds!" We all take off running down the winding hallways towards Headquarters. We barrel through the Admin office doors a minute late. Everyone turns and looks at us. Well, everyone except Alec. He appears to be intensely focused on his computer and he doesn't acknowledge that we came in late. Phew! I already got a tardy last week when I was late for class; I don't need a second one. 
Alec looks up a moment later and his emerald eyes seem to settle on me. I shift side to side nervously while chanting in my head: You didn't notice. You don't want to give me a tardy. I guess my Jedi mind tricks worked because he stands up and addresses us as a group. "Good afternoon everyone. We will only be having a short meeting today as I have a lot to do. I have some good news though. We have finally gotten approval to allow you a free day once a week. These days will be staggered throughout the team and should be handed out next week. Now it's important that you know that you can lose your free day if there are any performance issues, reprimands or excessive tardies." I swear his eyes settle on me again for just a second and I hold my breath until he moves on. "With that said, get to work." We all turn to leave and he moves back to his desk. 
I pull up my assignment list for today. Looking at the screen I do a double take. When I realize that what I'm seeing is accurate I stomp over to Alec's desk. Waving my tablet in my hand I ask, "There must be some mistake." 
Alec looks up at me and continues typing as he talks, which sort of impresses me but mostly annoys me. "I'm sorry, what exactly are you referring to?"
"I'm referring to the twenty-five assignments that you've given me." I huff out but add a "sir," at the end. 
He cringes at the 'sir' part but then replies, "There was no mistake." He looks back at his computer and continues typing rapidly. 
I've noticed an unexplained edge between Alec and I over the past month so I usually try to steer clear of him when I can. Not today though, I won't be dismissed that easily. "No!" It slips out before I can think better of it.
He stops mid type and stands up from his chair facing me. "Excuse me?" He places both of his hands on his desk and leans forward so that his green eyes are within inches of my face. 
I stand my ground. I'm not going to back down. "This is more than double my usual assignment count and double the workload of any other runner. That isn't fair." 
He raises his eyebrow and with a gleam in his eye he says, "Life isn't fair, Willow." 
I always figured that Alec wouldn't remember my name since I've never heard him speak it out loud. I don't let my astonishment or the interesting tingle I felt when he said my name deter me. 
"So you are punishing me for working fast?" I ask fuming. 
"This is not a punishment. You have a time frame that you work and we are simply filling that time frame." 
"Well then I will just slow down and work at the same speed as everyone else." I throw my hands up in the air to further show my dissatisfaction. 
He cocks his head sideways. "Look, I know that you finish your work early and then help your friends. You don't think that things like that go unnoticed do you? Like I said, this is an hourly job not an assignments based job. You will do what is asked of you." 
I roll my eyes and huff out a disgruntled "Whatever!" Then I take my tablet and my first delivery parcel and head out the door. I swear I heard him yell out something about insubordination but I didn't stick around to listen. What's he going to do, fire me? 
Just to spite him I work faster than I ever have and still finish thirty minutes ahead of everyone else. I walk in through the door and hand him my tablet so he can upload the signatures for the deliveries I made. I catch a glimpse of myself in a mirror to the right of his desk. Some curls have fallen loose from my ponytail and my cheeks look pink from exertion. 
Alec looks at me appraisingly and if I didn't know better I would think that look showed a hint of admiration and perhaps something else. He plugs my tablet in, types some stuff on his keyboard then unplugs the tablet and hands it back to me. "You can go ahead and leave now that you're done." 
I've never been allowed to leave earlier than the end of my shift so I look at him for an explanation. When one doesn't come I turn and walk out. 
That night after dinner I lie down to try and get some shuteye but have a hard time falling asleep. I replay the conversation we had and worry that perhaps I will have a reprimand tomorrow. I was honestly surprised that he didn't give me one today when I returned, nor did he even mention anything. It's no surprise that once I fall asleep I slip into dreams of Alec with his bright green eyes and jet-black hair. 
****
I was still a little nervous when I walked into work the next day with Connor and Claire. I looked at Alec expecting him to rehash yesterday’s events but he didn't. Instead he smiled at me. Heat flamed my cheeks when my brain conjured up last nights dream. I pushed it far to the back of my mind and looked down at my tablet. My assignment list was reduced down to fifteen. I look up at Alec who stares at me for a fraction of a second and then releases us for work without hosting his usual pep rally meeting.
Today I got my assignments done in my usual speedy time frame and reverted to helping Connor and Claire with theirs. Having gone back to a normal routine, the day went by fast, as did the remainder of the week. Every morning we checked our tablets in restless anticipation of our first free day. We've been crossing our fingers that we will get the same day off. The odds look to be in our favor since everyone has received their free day this week except for us. Hopefully with tomorrow being Sunday, which is also a no-school day, we will finally get our day of rest! 


CHAPTER 6 (Thirty-eight days inside.)

I was excited when I woke up this morning and saw on my tablet that today is in fact my first free day. My dad wasn't so lucky. He still has to work. We both head over to breakfast together and down our cold oatmeal before my dad has to report for his shift. Not sure what else to do with my time, I stay seated at the table and make arrangements for Connor and Claire to meet me up with me. While I wait I browse the amenities app on my tablet trying to get an idea of what we should do. 
Someone clears their throat next to the table and I look up to find Alec standing beside me. “Oh, um, hey.” I stutter. I’m still not quite sure how to address Alec. I mean, he is my boss and all, so our conversations tend to be a bit awkward. 
“You mind if I sit?” Alec asks. 
I shake my head no, even though I do kind of mind. 
He sits in the seat across from me. Alec tipis his fingers and leans forward. “Look, I know it’s kind of awkward and all, what, with me being your boss, but I was hoping maybe we could hang out sometime?” His question catches me totally off guard and my jaw drops open. I watch as he grimaces and shifts in his seat, looking exceedingly uncomfortable. 
“Yeah,” I squeak a little uncomfortably. What should I say? No? I clear my voice. “I mean sure, that would be cool." His green eyes light up just a little. What the heck I think to myself. "Um, I’ve got some friends meeting me here soon; well, you know Claire and Connor. We were planning on doing something today, not sure what, but you’re welcome to tag along if you’d like.” Tag along? Does your boss ‘tag along?’ I mentally kick myself and look to the floor. 
Shockingly he agrees, “Yeah, hey that sounds great. You know, I have to be quite honest with you. This sucks.” 
“Excuse me?” I ask a little hurt by his words. We've hung out for less than a minute and he already thinks it's lame.
“No, wait, that’s not what I meant. What I meant to say is my job sucks.” Okay, awkward, I think. “I mean, some people might think being in charge is cool, especially at my age, but in all honesty, it’s just flat out lonely. People respect you and all, but they don’t want to necessarily hang out and be friends. It makes me feel old even though we are all in the same age group.” 
Connor and Claire walk up behind Alec and stop mid-step. Alec continues to talk about loneliness and pours his heart out while they approach the table cautiously. Claire jabs Connor lightly in the ribs and gestures her head towards Alec. They both squelch a laugh and I try widening my eyes at them letting them know to chill out. 
Connor gets a huge grin on his face and begins doing a silent version of the running man behind Alec’s back. I look to Alec who seems to be oblivious of their presence behind him. Claire puts her hand over her mouth squelching her laughter. 
She waves her hands at Connor to get him to stop and looks back over at me. She then proceeds to act like she’s taking a seat and tipis her hands in front of her mimicking Alec. Connor nearly loses it and steps back away from us, hand over his mouth. 
“It’s just with my dad being who he is and all, it can be tough, you know?” My attention focuses back on Alec and I nod my head in understanding trying very hard to keep a straight face but not feeling like I’m succeeding. I honestly didn't hear half of what he just said because Connor started dancing in place again. “You know what’s really interesting Willow?” Alec asks with a raised eyebrow. 
I try harder to concentrate on him and not on what my friends are doing. “No, what?” I ask. 
Alec lets a small grin appear on his face. His voice raises a few decibels, “It’s interesting that Connor and Claire think I can’t see what they’re doing behind my back. Yes, that’s interesting.” 
Connor stops mid running man and Claire closes her mocking mouth immediately. 
 “Oh hey guys! I didn’t know you were standing there.” Alec says in mock surprise placing his hand over his heart.
I bury my head in my hands. Oh my gosh, can it get any more awkward? 
“How--” Connor begins to ask but Alec doesn’t give him the opportunity. 
“See that metal tray dispenser right there?" He points to an area right behind me. " Yeah, I could totally see you the whole time.” 
A crimson color spreads across their faces as the realization dawns on them. Alec shakes his head, “It’s cool. I would have done the same thing.” He gives a small chuckle as Connor and Claire try and pull their heads out of their butts. “Really, it’s all good.” Alec says trying to reassure them again. 
I bust up laughing at the calamity displayed before me. All heads turn to me, but I can’t help it. That had to be one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. It doesn’t take but a moment before everyone is laughing with me. Connor and Alec exchange some kind of macho male handshake. Then both of my friends join us at the table.
"So what are we going to do today?" Claire asks.
"I vote to go swimming." Connor chimes in.
"No." Claire and I both say simultaneously. This is our first time to hang out with our boss. I'm thinking that bikini's and swim trunks aren't really appropriate in this situation. Plus, I didn't get to shave my legs this morning so that idea is definitely vetoed. 
Connor looks mildly disappointed. He suggests a second option, "We could see a flick at the theater." 
Everyone looks at each other and we shrug at the so-so idea. 
Alec checks something on his tablet then says. "Well, if you are into Historical films we can go check it out. Today they are playing back to back documentaries of World War I, World War II and World War III."
"Oh that sounds like a blast." I say sarcastically.
"I don't hear any genius suggestions from either of you." Connor says a little sourly.
"I guess that leaves shopping or bowling. Since we get paid crap money we might as well check out the bowling alley." I open my eyes wide and hold my breath when I remember who is sitting at our table. 
Connor and Claire give me that look that says, 'dude, pull your foot out of your mouth.' 
"I mean, um..." I start to say but Alec waves me off.
"Look, I know you all don't get paid squat. I make only a little more than you do. I understand." He looks around at all of us who still look semi uncomfortable. "Let's pretend for today that I'm not your boss. That I'm just another kid like you trying to have fun."
"Kid." Connor harrumphs. 
Alec turns to where he's facing Connor better and asks, "Just how old do you think I am?"
Claire says under her breath, "Old." 
Alec raises his eyebrows to Connor. 
Connor finally responds. "I guess like twenty or so." He cringes a little worried that he may be treading on the wrong turf with his boss.
"Ha! I'm only seventeen." Alec says. 
"You're not even a legal adult?" Claire asks then adds curiously, "How did you get this job then?" 
"Like I said in our first meeting. I've been helping out at my dad's business since I was fourteen. I pick up fast and I was managing shifts by the age of sixteen. It was only natural that my dad gave me a shift when he was assigned his position as lead administrator." Alec says. "Anyhow, I may be mature when it comes to work, but I still know how to have fun."
I blush when his green eyes settle on me.
"Sounds good. Let's go check out the bowling alley then." I say and stand up. Anything to get out of the strange eye contact thing that Alec was doing to me. 
Everyone follows suit and we take the elevator to the fourth floor to check it out. I've never been bowling before but I've seen it done on television and in movies. It looks like fun. The elevator lets out in front of the pool area and my nose fills with that strong smell of chlorine. I look in the windows and notice it's extremely crowded today. I guess a lot of people are off this Sunday. 
We follow the hallway down until we hear the sounds of balls hitting pins and crowds cheering. Twenty lanes are lit up in neon colors. We go to check in at the registration booth where a skinny teenager with a liberal peppering of freckles on his face tells us that all of the lanes are full. He adds us to the waiting list without asking, which is running about an hour long. I look around to the others for suggestions. 
"We can wait," Alec says. "I don't mind." 
Everyone else shrugs so I take that as a sign to go and find a table. I find one near the back and take a seat. Everyone else follows except Alec who has been intercepted by someone playing the guess who game. Newly manicured French tip nails are attached to the long skinny fingers covering his eyes. 
"Guess who?" A girl calls out from behind him. I can't see her but when she lets out a hideous giggle I 'guess who' immediately. 
"Ugh! It's Candy." I sigh but remain in my seat. 
"Perhaps if we stay completely still and don't move an inch she won't see us." Claire says jokingly.
"I don't think she's worried about us seeing her. She seems to have her paws all over Alec." Connor laughs and watches the scene with pure amusement. 
Alec doesn't seem too happy to be temporarily blinded so he just removes the hands and turns around. "Oh, hey Candy." He says blandly.
"Hi ya Alec! What are you doing on this fine Sunday?" She says in a sort of southern drawl that sounds completely fake. 
"I'm hanging out with some friends." He looks back and gestures at us.
Crap, we've been spotted. I think to myself. 
"Those are your friends?" She asks with repulsion.
Alec surprises me when he says, "Yeah, you got a problem with that?" 
I hate to admit it but I love the shocked look Candy get's on her face. 
"Well, I was just thinking that since you finally had a day off you would want to hang out with me or the guys." She rubs her index finger down his chest in a gesture that makes me want to puke. 
To my delight, Alec removes her finger from his chest. "We don't really hang out anymore so I figured it was time to make some new friends." 
Her mouth drops open for the slightest second then she closes it abruptly. She makes some annoyingly high-pitched shrieking sound and turns on her heal to stomp off. 
Alec comes over to the table and looks at me curiously. "Wow, I haven't seen you smile like that, ever." 
I quickly wipe the expression off my face, not realizing what I was doing. 
"It looks good on you." He says and I look away shyly.
"So what was up with you and Barbie?" Connor asks.
"We went to school together. Her brother and I were on the same football team. That was back before we started predominantly doing our home schooling." Alec answers.
"Well it looked like she has the hots for you man." Connor playfully punches Alec on the shoulder.
"I guess so. We hung out a few times, but she's not really my type." Alec looks over to me ever so briefly and I feel a strange fluttering sensation in the pit of my stomach.
Claire looks over her shoulder and says, "Great, here comes her whole posse. Maybe we should just head out." 
"Good idea." I would like nothing better than to keep my distance from Candy and especially from her brother Zack. He gives me the creeps. 
We pass by them without saying anything. I feel Zack's stare as if it's burning my flesh but I look directly ahead and pretend that I don't see him. I do feel Alec stiffen ever so slightly next to me. I hadn't realized he was walking so close to me before then but I can tell that something put him on edge. 
The tension in our group doesn't relax until we are back in the hall. 
"So that idea seems to be botched. What's our next course of action?" 
"We could go to the library." I offer.
Connor and Claire look at me like I'm nuts but Alec says, "That sounds great. I've been wanting to check to see if there are any good books in there." 
I smile up at him. Alec continues to pleasantly surprise me. He's not the cold hard boss I thought he was. 
We head down a flight of stairs to the Library. When we walk through the double doors my eyes are immediately focused on the countless books lining the walls. All four of us waste no time diving into the shelves. Thankfully they’re categorized by subject area. 
“Hey guys,” I say. “Come check this out. There’s a whole section related to this mountain.” The bookcase is labeled with a sign stating: Local Selections. I pick a random book from the shelves and flip through it. Boring! All it has in it are blueprints to the sewage systems and a bunch of information that I couldn't care less about. Before I reshelf it, I look at the sewage map again. Something about it strikes a cord in my brain but I can't put my finger on it. I close it a moment later and move on to the other books. To my disappointment, I continually come across one boring instructional manual after another. Where's the murder mysteries or the science fiction? I look around at the other sections in the small library but don't see anything of interest. They range from indoor farming to, world history and the history of F.E.M.A. Not one single non-fiction book to be had in here. 
I huff my breath sending my hair billowing from my face. With my back against the wall, I slide to the floor in an act of defeat. In less than an hour we have ran through the only activities that this shelter has to offer. There's got to be something else to do in this place. Connor, Claire and Alec all shelve the books they were looking at and come sit at my side.
“I don’t know guys,” I start. “I’m not sure what I expected to find, but this stinks. There isn't any fiction and the one non-fiction section that could be interesting doesn't really contain anything about this mountain that's useful. I guess we will have to find some other place to pass the time. Something to keep our mind off…things.” 
Connor and Claire nod their heads in unison. 
Alec on the other hand seems lost in thought. 
“I mean, there’s got to be something fun to do here besides wallowing in self-pity or twiddling our thumbs. This place is huge. There must be some trouble to be had.” I furrow my brow in frustration. It’s really not like me to be looking for something that will get me in trouble, but hey, give me a little credit. I need something to help me unwind. These last few weeks have been completely crazy. I sort through the visual of the map in my head looking for another activity to enjoy in the shelter. Then it hits me. “Guys, I think I’ve got it!” 
Both Claire and Connor turn and look at me expectantly. Alec finally returns from 'lala' land and gives me his full attention. 
I get up quickly and find the book I had recently reshelved. “Here, look at this.” I open the manual on Sewage Systems and find the map. I lay it across the floor so we can all see. Taking my tablet out, I pull the general map up and set it by its side. I point my finger at the Sewage map. “You see here?” I ask excited that I've now figured out what struck that chord when I was staring at the map. “This is the map of the Sewage System. These tunnels run parallel to the halls, which I guess makes sense. If you look at the map of the facility that we use to make runs and this map simultaneously, you can see that these passageways not only connect to everything on the original map, but there are also some passageways leading to places that aren't named or mentioned. If you look really closely it looks like there is a whole other floor beneath the storage area." I look up from the map to see my friends staring at me like I'm nuts.
"You totally lost me." Connor says.
"Yep, me too. What exactly are you getting at?" Alec asks.
I laugh. It's hard sometimes for me to verbalize what my brain is processing so instead I put it in laymen’s terms. "Guys,” I say pause for dramatic effect. “I don’t think these are sewage tunnels per say; I think these are hidden passageways.” I look up to gauge their expressions. 
Claire has a curious gleam in her eye but Connor busts out laughing hysterically. 
"Secret passage ways!" I stare at him straight faced until he calms down. 
"Hey it could happen. I heard a rumor about a spring somewhere down there that feeds into the mountain. That's how our water is being pumped in. There must be some way down to it. What Willow says doesn't sound too far fetched." Alec looks to me and I show him a grateful smile. 
Connor's face turns a little red at having been shut down but he quickly gets over it. “Well, I guess there’s only one way to find out.” 
“Let’s go check it out,” Claire squeals. She gets up super-fast and reaches her hand out to me. I take it and she pulls me to my feet. She's got some good strength for a girl so small. 
Alec and Connor meet us on the upright and I reshelve the book. “Wait,” says Connor. “We’ll need that to know where we’re going.” He reaches for the book I’m shelving. 
I gently stop his hand. “Remember Connor? Photographic memory.” I point to my head for emphasis. 
A look of realization dawns on Alec's face. “So that’s how you do it.” 
We all break out in a laugh at Alec being clued in to how I manage to get my work done so quickly. The librarian turns around and yells at us to be quiet. I put my fingers over my lips and we slip out the door but not before the librarian gives us a dirty look.
 When we get into the hall Alec is the first to break the silence. "Guys, I'm not sure about this. It's labeled sewage system for a reason. We can't be crawling around in that stuff!" My eyes drop as I realize what he's saying. "But," Alec begins again with newfound hope. "I think I may know how we can still do this." All of us turn to Alec and give him our full attention. Alec pulls out his tablet and opens a map I hadn't seen before. "Perks of the job," he says answering my unasked question. 
Connor and Claire inch closer to Alec and me as he punches in different options on his tablet. He pulls up a map of the lower level and it expands into a more detailed translation; one I hadn't seen before. I take a mental picture of the gigantic space that takes up an entire level as Alec begins explaining. "This is where all the supplies are kept for the different jobs in the facility. The sanitation department has rubber boots and other gear that would allow us to go into these tunnels. I'm not sure what's down there but we should be ready for the unexpected if you ask me." 
We all nod our head in unison. 
"So," I pause trying to gather my thoughts. "Once we get down there, how will we know where the stuff is that we would need? I mean, it's got to be a pretty big area to take up an entire floor. And, what if we get caught? " 
A small smile escapes Alec's lips. "In answer to your questions Willow: a) I don't know how we'll know what stuff is where; and b) we won't get caught if no one sees us." A small gleam catches his eye as a mischievous grin escapes me. I guess that was confirmation enough for Alec that I'm game. He turns to Connor and Claire, "You guys in?" He asks simply. 
They look at each other and then nod their heads. We look like a bunch of Cheshire cats grinning the way we are. We've been working our butts off; now it's time to play. 
"Wait," Alec says. "Before we go, we've got to figure out what to do with the tablets." 
I furrow my brow. "What do you mean 'do with our tablets?' We take them with us of course." I say like it's the most obvious thing in the world. 
He lets out a small sigh. "Seriously, you haven't figured it out yet?" 
"Figured out what," Claire interjects. 
"Figured out that the tablets track your every move." Alec says. He continues, "Willow, how on earth did you think I would know that you help Claire and Connor when you run? Hmm?" He asks me. He doesn't wait for my response before he starts tapping into his tablet. A map pulls up of the facility with a bunch of red dots that are moving slowly across the screen. "Now, I only have access to the runners under my direction, but there's a large map in headquarters that has all of the residents of the entire facility being monitored simultaneously. Yeah, kind of creepy, I know." He puts his tablet back in his satchel that he carries and waits while we all brainstorm. 
Out of nowhere I hear this guttural laugh coming from Claire. We all stare at her like she's lost her mind. She puts her hands on her knees and continues to laugh for a moment longer until she settles down enough to speak. "Sorry," she says between breaths. "Okay, I think I have an idea." She looks around her to make sure the coast is clear then huddles closer. "So, Alec, you say that they track us by our tablets so we can't really leave them anywhere right? I mean, that would look pretty obvious if we sit in the same spot for several hours." Alec nods his head and she continues, "So what if I could guarantee that we'd leave them somewhere and they would move around throughout the day?" 
Alec furrows his brows, "I'm listening." 
"Okay," says Claire. "What if we found a way to tape them to the bottom of something that gets moved around all day." We all nod our heads waiting for the punch line. "So, I say we put them on the bottom of say, a maid cart, or the cafeteria tray carts?" 

Connor begins jumping, "Claire, that rocks!" He pulls her into an excited hug and keeps jumping. Claire's body stiffens and her hands remain at her sides. Connor must sense this because he stops mid bounce. He clears his throat. "Sorry 'bout that. Just got excited." He looks down at his foot and I try and stifle a small laugh. 
"So anyway," I say trying to change the subject. "Claire, I think you're onto something. Alec what do you think?" We all look to Alec for final approval. 
"I think it's go time." He says with a smile on his face. "Okay, so here's the plan. I'm going to go into the office and grab a roll of heavy-duty tape and meet you all back here. Then we'll each go our separate ways, tape up our tablets and then meet by the elevators in the commons area. Sound like a plan?" We all nod our heads in agreement. 
"Wait," I interject. "I mean, it sounds like a fail-safe plan, but how are we going to find our tablets when it's all said and done?" I hate to sound like a killjoy but it's a valid question. 
"Good question, Willow." Alec responds. "All I have to do is retrieve mine first and then I can pull up each of your tablets locations. Maid carts and tray carts don't move that fast; I'm pretty sure we can manage to track them down. We all good with that?" Alec asks everyone. 
"How are you going to find yours?" I ask.
He smiles at me. I feel a flutter in my stomach. "I'm going to be earning extra credit by working on my only day off. I'll just tape it to the underside of my desk." 
"Clever." Connor says.
We all nod our heads in unison. "Okay, hands in." Alec puts his hand out in the middle of the circle. We each stick our hands out and put them on top of the other. "Okay, on the count of three. One, two, three..." 
I'm not sure what we're supposed to do so I just stand there. We look at Alec a bit awkwardly, "Were we supposed to say something?" I ask Alec. 
He just rolls his eyes and removes his hand. "Oh, never mind. Let's meet back up in half an hour." We agree and disperse to find our secret hiding spots. 
****
Thirty minutes later we've stashed our tablets and are waiting by the elevator in the commons area; all of us except Claire that is. "I wonder what's taking her so long," I say tapping my foot. 
A few moments later Claire rounds the corner out of breath. "Sorry guys, the maid was trying to chase me down. She thought I was trying to steal her small shampoo bottles." 
I let out a short laugh and push the down button on the elevator. 
"Here goes nothing." I say to no one in particular. 
We all pile in and Alec pushes the button at the bottom labeled 'S'. The elevator doors close and we jerk at the motion. The ride down seems to take forever. I'm not sure if it's just a long way down or if the elevator is just slow. My ears begin to pop at our decent so I'm guessing it's the former. After a good minute the elevator settles and the door opens. We shuffle off and the doors close. 
Before us is a vast room at least ten stories high illuminated by dim track lighting. There are humongous wooden crates lined up for as far as the eye can see. Each crate is large enough to hold our entire group inside then some. I count four different rows in the warehouse and immediately feel our plan fizzle. How are we going to be able to find what we need? "There has to be over one hundred crates in here. There's just no way--" I begin. 
Claire cuts me off. "Well, there must be some organizational method or a map. They wouldn't just store crates like this where the contents are impossible to locate." Without another word Claire begins searching the area near the elevator doors. "Ah-ha," I hear her say from around the corner. "Found it!" 
We all shuffle around the corner to find a piece of paper haphazardly taped to the right of the elevator. There is a label for each crate briefly telling of the department for which they belong. Claire takes her finger and begins searching for Sanitation. Her finger stops on one of the sections at the far end of the warehouse. "Here," she says. "I wish we could take this map with us. It's going to be hard to find." 
"That would be my job," I say taking in a mental snapshot of the map. "Follow me." My friends pause and look at me questionably but once again I point to my head and without saying anything else they nod their heads.
It takes us a good five minutes to find the correct boxes. Not because they're hard for me to locate, but because of this area being so big. "If I'm right, they should be right...up...here." We stop in front of a stack of boxes. 
Alec finds a latch on the side of the box and pulls the boarded door down. It lands with a loud thump as he lets it drop the last few feet to the ground. We all freeze at the sound. It doesn't look like anyone's in here, but with as vast as this place is we can never be sure. A few moments pass as we listen for any footsteps or voices. I breathe a small sigh of relief and watch as small bits of wood dust settle on the floor. Alec is the first to step into the crate. He finds a string and pulls on it. A light clicks on the ceiling of the crate and illuminates its contents. Shelves have been built on either side of the crate holding different sized cardboard boxes. Thankfully, these boxes are labeled. We all pile into it and begin searching for things we may need. 
"I've got gloves," I hear Claire say. 
"Here's some boots," Alec says as he wrestles a box to the floor. 
"And here's some goggles?" Connor says like it's a question. "Not sure we'll need them but here they are," he says justifying his comment. 
"Oh, here's some waders." I read the label on the box out loud. 
We each drag our boxes out of the crate and open them together. I pull out several pairs of waders from mine and find they are a 'one size fits all,' which basically means I'll look like I'm drowning in them. Oh well, I think to myself. It's not like I'm going for fashionista of the month or anything. We pull out four of everything and then put away the boxes. 
I look through the items and find the boots. Those are also a 'one size fits all.' They look like clown shoes if you ask me. They are so big that they can fit over our tennis shoes.
"Sweet! Look what I found," Connor exclaims from inside the crate. He brings out a small box placing it at my feet. 
"What is it?" I ask. 
He pries it open and pulls out a-- clothespin? 
"Connor, why would we need clothespins? We have laundry facilities upstairs." 
Connor gives a small laugh and jumps up. He opens the clothespin and says, "So we don't have to smell the poo!" He opens the wooden pin and holds it over the bridge of his nose. "See," He says in a nasal voice before he lets go of the clothespin all together. "Ta-ahhh! Owww!" His eyes are watering as he quickly pulls it off his nose.
We break out in hysterical laughter as he rubs the bridge of his now-red schnozzle. He glares at us and says, "That freaking hurt!" He crosses his arms over his chest to show us his displeasure with our laughter.
"I say bring those pins along Connor. We can always use them as a weapon against the sewer rats!" Claire jokes and puts her arm around Connor in a playful, conciliatory gesture. He blushes. All of the frustration is gone from his expression and he just looks at Claire with big dopey, infatuated eyes. 
"Or the alligators. We can pin their mouths shut!" Alec jests. 
The sweet look on Connor's face gives way to an annoyed grimace. "Very funny guys."
Claire's laugh diffuses the tension and Connor eventually joins in with the rest of us. 
"Oh! There's still one more thing we need," says Claire. "Flashlights." We all give her a mmhmm and begin searching the contents. Thankfully, stuffed in the corner, there is a small box labeled flashlights. 
"Let's just hope they have batteries," I mumble to myself. 
We each grab a pair of gloves, waders, boots, goggles and a flashlight and start changing. Once I get mine on I turn to the others. I almost pee myself at the sight of them. I immediately begin laughing hysterically unable to control myself.
We look absolutely ridiculous. Our goggles are way too big for our face, and the waders in and of themselves are a sight to be seen with the way they hike up to our armpits and hang from suspenders. 
We gain control over ourselves and start closing things up, boots squeaking as we waddle about.
I feel like a penguin hobbling around with these clown shoes on. I stop mid stride, "Wait. Why exactly are we wearing all this gear now? Can't we take it off? At least the boots, until we get there?" I reach down and take off the boots leaving my shoes on underneath and the others follow suite. 
"Okay," Alec begins. "I guess we need to figure out where the sewer lines start, or at least where we can gain access to them." 
All three of them turn to look at me. "What?" I say. "Oh, yeah, photographic memory." As if I need to remind myself.
I look around at where we are. "Well, if memory serves me right, and it usually does, there's some sort of entrance a few feet to the left of the rear elevator. I'm not sure what kind of entrance it is, but it had the lines on the blueprint like it was a door of some sort." 
"Alright then, let’s get this show on the road," Connor says with a little too much enthusiasm. 
It doesn't take us long before we can see the elevator shaft about twenty feet ahead of us. Claire stops suddenly and holds out her hand to quiet us, not that we were making much noise in the first place. "Do you hear that?" Claire whispers. 
We all stop and look around listening to the silence. Then I hear it, a small clanking sound coming from the direction of the elevators. 
"We need to hide, and fast," Alec whispers in a panic. He ushers us all in behind a large grouping of boxes near the rear wall. We get as far back as we can and kneel on the ground. We are all huddled close together. 
I'm leaning against Alec and my nose is so close to his neck that I can smell his aftershave. It smells like mint and spices. Alec holds his finger up to his lips to quiet us. 
I notice that the boxes are all labeled with the number three. I cringe, hoping that the odd number isn't some sort of omen. My heart starts pounding and I pray that I don't have another one of those panic attacks.
We hear the sound of the elevator coming to a stop and the doors open. Instantly I hear Candy’s trademark laugh as her and her minions step off the elevator. I squeeze back further into our corner trying to become one with the box behind us. 
Alec must sense my anxiousness because I feel his hand enclose mine. I freeze not knowing what to do. Heat rushes to my cheeks. I've never really held a boys hand before, at least not a boy that I'm not related to. It feels comfortable and safe. It also feels--I don't know, different. 
I'm pulled back to the situation at hand when I hear several pairs of footsteps staggering around on the hard cement floor. "Dude, she is totally wasted," a male voice says. 
"I ammm not," I hear Candy say accenting the 't'. She sounds completely out of it, drunk even. I hear a heavy thud on the floor and one of the people mutters a slew of cuss words. 
"Help her up man, she keeps falling." This guy doesn't sound that sober either. Their steps move closer to where we are and I try and scoot back more in hopes of becoming invisible. I feel Alec's arms wrap around me. My heart flutters but for a different reason this time. He's the only thing keeping me grounded right now. With the way things are sounding out there, God only knows what would happen if they found us. They seem pretty wasted, but I have no doubt that Candy will tattle on us in an instant. Not that they should be down here in the first place, but who would get in trouble in that situation, the rich kids or us?
"Did you find the--stuff?" Candy asks slurring the words together. She lets out a loud laugh and I cringe. 
"Oh man, she is so out of it," one of the guys says. "Here you take her so I can try and find the box." The footsteps stop only a few feet from us. I can see them clearly now and hold my breath. If they were to turn around, we would be spotted for sure. There are three of them: Candy, Zack, and some other guy who is holding Candy up. I don't know his name, but I remember seeing him before in Zack's room. 
The guy hands Candy over to Zack who has to stagger back a few steps as he adjusts to the added weight of his sister. "Hurry up man; she's getting heavy." 
The guy holds his tablet and presses a few buttons. "K, it says medical supplies should be on the next row, about four boxes down. It'll have a red cross label on the side." Zack repositions Candy and they begin walking away. 
I listen to their heavy footsteps as they move further and further away. I suddenly feel light headed and realize I hadn't breathed. I let out a swoosh of breath, feeling remarkably safer now that they aren't so close. 
"I'm going to see if the coast is clear," Alec whispers a minute later. "Just stay here." Alec squeezes my shoulders and gets up from behind me. The sudden loss of his touch makes me feel cold. He was the only thing keeping me from going into panic mode. 

I watch as Alec peeks around the corner. He stays there for a moment then comes back towards us. "Okay, they're far enough away now that they won’t be able to see us if we're quiet. Let's just go quickly so they don't find out we're here." Alec tells us in a hushed whisper. We all nod our heads and slowly get up. Alec goes to the corner again and makes sure the coast is still clear. 
He ushers us forward with his hand and leads us out into the open. I walk quickly and quietly feeling utterly exposed. I really don't want to find out what would happen if they saw us or what type of reprimand we would receive if we get caught down here. 

We manage to get past the elevators and to the area where the blueprints said a door should be. I don't find a door but I do find a large metal grate located on the back wall just feet from where I'm standing. I quietly walk towards it pointing to it so the others will see. This has to be it! It's about four feet in diameter so it's definitely large enough for the normal human to move through it. I run my fingers along the edges of the grate trying to find a way to open it. Disappointment elopes me as I figure out you'd need a screwdriver to get it open. I put my head in my hand frustrated with the situation. We got this far only to be stopped by a few simple screws. 
I feel a tap on my shoulder and look back to find Connor standing there holding out a swiss-army-knife. He whispers, "May I?" 
I nod my head and smile as he goes to work. He works quickly and quietly handing me each screw as he takes them out. Two minutes and eight screws later, Connor starts to remove the grate. It makes a small scraping sound. He immediately stops and we listen to see if they heard us. We breathe a sigh of relief when we hear no sign of Candy or her minions. 
With the exception of a few more squeaks, Connor manages to shimmy the grate off fairly quietly. The crawl space is large enough to crawl through comfortably so I silently volunteer to go first. I put on my boots and get on my hands and knees. I crawl in awkwardly and the others follow behind. 
The concrete tubes are cold and hard against my knees. I move forward far enough to allow everyone room to get inside and then I wait. Connor is the last to crawl in. After he's inside he grabs the grate off the floor and sets it up against the wall. It makes a small thud and I inwardly cringe. Connor snaps around and waves his hand for me to hurry up and go. I crawl through the shaft as quickly as I can. The further we move away from the opening the darker the tunnels get. We don't want to chance turning on the flashlights just yet so I move along through the dark, using nothing but my memory as a guide. Soon I come up on a turn and am grateful, as I know it will give us the cover we so desperately need. 
Once we're all huddled together around the corner I call them in together for a quick meeting. Connor turns on a flashlight from the back and illuminates our group. My eyes feel a bit blinded by the white light but it's nice not to be wrapped in absolute darkness. "Okay, so right now we're in a shaft that leads to the sewers. There's going to be a lot of twists and turns and uphill/downhill climbs before we're going to get there. Just stay with me okay? I know exactly where I'm going." I nod my head and turn back around not waiting for confirmation from my friends. The last thing I need is someone to doubt me, which could make me doubt myself. Lord only knows where we'd end up then. 
Crawling around in the tunnels makes for an interesting challenge. The light from the flashlight bounces up and down against the concrete walls with Connor's movements. I don't know how he's holding it while crawling, but I'm grateful for the light even though it's bouncing all over the place. With all the gear on we end up squeaking and making all kinds of racket. My knees and hands are sore from bearing the weight of my body. Thankfully we don't have much further to go. We round the last uphill turn and almost run smack dab into a large metal plate. "Well, I guess this is it," I say. We are finally in a spot that gives us all standing room so we slowly get up. If I didn't know better, I'd say you could hear the creaking of our knees as we stood.
Alec looks at me bewildered. "I still can't believe you just did that from memory. I wouldn't have been able to do that in a thousand years!" I give him a small laugh. 
"Seriously, Willow. You really do rock," Connor says. Claire gives an agreeing smile and inwardly, I feel like a million bucks. 
"Okay, so I guess we'd better get ready. This is probably going to be pretty nasty." We all pull our goggles on and Connor moves up to the front to help get the metal plate off. Alec moves past me to help Connor who hands Claire the flashlight. She points it at them. Connor's knife comes in handy again as he pulls out more screws. He sets them on the ground and he and Alec start moving the plate away. 
My eyes transfix on Alec's arms as the strain of the heavy plate becomes apparent. His muscles tense as they work to lower it to the ground. I didn't realize how muscular and strong Alec was.
"Willow." Alec calls my name. 
I immediately snap out of my trance and feel embarrassed. They've set the plate on the floor and he's motioning for me to lead us again. I wonder if he noticed me staring. I clear my throat. "Okay, let’s move." I inwardly laugh as my voice sounds flustered. 
We have to crouch to walk through the opening but we get to stand back up on the other side. I look around and notice that we are standing on a large platform. 
Claire moves to the ledge and illuminates the nine-foot drop down to the sewer tunnel with her flashlight. 
Without hesitation, Alec jumps down gracefully followed by Connor. 
Claire and I inch up towards the edge. Both of us take our goggles off to get a better view. "Isn't there a ladder or something," I say to no one in particular. Alec comes towards me and reaches out his hands. "Here, I'll catch you. Just jump." 
I stare at him blankly. "Just jump?" Ha, it's that easy. 
He pulls his goggles off too and then nods his head. 
I can't believe I'm going to do this. I squeeze my eyes shut and take the plunge. I feel a slight free-fall feeling in my stomach before a pair of hands wrap around my waist. My fall is broken and I'm lowered slowly to the ground. I open my eyes to find Alec's hands still around my waist. "You okay?" he asks. 
I nod my head, afraid to talk for fear my voice might break. Butterflies are dancing in my stomach and my pulse is speeding up. I imagine that I can feel the warmth of his hands around my waist but logically I know that it's impossible for his body heat to transfer through the thick rubber lining of my waders. 
We stare at each other for a second and then, Alec wakes up from whatever trance he was in. He removes his hands from my waist. 
I clear my throat and turn away from Alec so he doesn't see the red flushing my face. I watch as Connor helps Claire down in the same way. I can see the baby pink blush fill her cheeks from having physical contact with Connor. The tunnel is fixated with a slight awkwardness that runs thick in the air. 
I grab my flashlight out and turn it on. Connor picks his up from the ground too. We look around at the 'sewage tunnel' in front of us and stare at it for a few seconds realizing that this tunnel is missing one thing: sewage. Back home when I was younger, I would go to the sewage tunnels near the creek by our house. They were about the size of the ones we're in right now, but that's where the similarities stop. The ones by my house always had dirty water running out from somewhere. They also had this distinct smell that would intensify the further in you went. This tunnel just smells slightly musty, like nothing really. 
I look to the others who seem just as confused as I am. "This isn't like any sewer I've ever seen," I say aloud. The others furrow their brows and nod in agreement. 
"Maybe if we walk further in, things will start to change," says Alec. Leave it to Alec to make sense of a confusing situation. 
"Well, Willow, lead the way," Claire says ushering me forward.
Girls in the front and guys in the back; that's how we walk down the long, never-ending tunnel. Strangely, the scenery never changes; it's just cement tunnels, clean as a whistle. I keep listening for dripping water, or some sounds that a typical sewer would make, but come up short. No rats, no sewage, nothing. 
As we walk, Claire leans in and whispers to me, "I think he likes you." 
I nervously peak behind me to make sure the guys didn't hear. "Who?" I ask her. 
She gets a mischievous grin on her face. "Alec, that's who. Don't tell me you haven't noticed." 
I gawk at her. "Uh, no he doesn't. Besides, I see how Connor looks at you. Now, he's the one that's got it bad!" She smacks me on the shoulder playfully and we giggle. 
I turn back to look at the guys and find that we have definitely sparked their attention. 
"Something funny ladies?" Alec calls from behind us. 
We try and stifle our laughs. "Nope, we're good." I call back to him. Claire elbows me in the arm and I return the favor. 
We walk for another ten minutes or so. Claire and I tease each other back and forth, "Does too." "Does not." The guys just roll their eyes at us. 
Claire stops suddenly, staring ahead like a deer caught in headlights, not moving. "Do you hear that?" 
We all look around exchanging glances of confusion. "Are you hearing things again Claire?" I jab at her. 
She doesn't blink an eye. "No, listen. It's like water rippling or dripping; I'm not sure which. Don't you hear it?" 
I look to the guys. We shake our heads in unison. "Uh, no Claire, we don't hear anything." 
We walk a few yards forward and then the faint sound of something ahead penetrates my ears. Like Claire said, it sounds like water dripping. 
"I hear it now," I say. We make our steps lighter as we edge closer to the source of the noise. 
It seems dimmer all of a sudden and I look up to see that Connor's flashlight went out. "Good thing we brought extra batteries," He says. 
I shine my light on Connor as he digs through his bag to get more batteries. I stifle a chuckle at Connor's appearance. He looks goofy since he's the only one still wearing the goggles. 
Alec moves to pull out his flashlight but I say, "No, lets save the other two flashlights for later. Obviously they kill batteries quickly so we should have backups." 
Alec nods. 
Connor's light flickers back on as he snaps the battery cover back in place. We start moving again. This time Alec is by my side as we walk. The further we go the louder the dripping sound becomes. In fact it doesn't sound like just one drip but several drips of water hitting different surfaces. If you listen just right and open your imagination up you can nearly hear a melody playing out by the inconsistent drips. 
We keep walking and I realize that I'm no longer leading us by my memory because the recorded map of the tunnels has already ended. I wonder why the map stopped if the tunnels keep going. I can tell we are moving uphill by the burn and strain my calves are feeling. The dripping sound starts to get muffled as we move upwards. We walk higher up for a few more minutes until our flashlights hit a brick wall up ahead.
"Ah, lame!" Connor calls back from behind us. He rips off his goggles and throws them on the ground. 
Disappointment washes over me as I stare at the brick and mortar that blocks our path signaling the end of our journey. 
"Hey, it's okay. This was still fun." Alec rubs his hand on my back in a comforting gesture.
I look up at him and realize that we are standing only a breath apart. Alec looks radiant in the dim light and I can see that he really means what he said. He did have fun. I still feel let down that we didn't find something amazing in here but I have to admit that the sense of adventure was still worth it. It was something to do and I got to do it with Alec; a guy I probably never would have hung out with in another life. 
"Yeah, it was fun." I say in a whisper as I stare up at his glowing green eyes that seem to be pulling me hypnotically toward him. 
"Ahum!" Connor clears his throat loud enough to break my daze. We turn in his direction to see him standing over Claire who has her ear pressed to the ground.
When we walk back over to them she sits up and says, "It's down there. Listen." She puts her ear back to the ground and we all get down following suit. 
I groan when I move to my knees. It feels like they are covered in a thousand bruises. 
"Shh!" Claire says.
I put my hands up and whisper, "sorry." 
"Listen." She gestures for me to put my ear to the ground. I comply this time and I hear the dripping sound. We are right above it! I look up at her with wide eyes. 
"How can we get down there?" Alec sits up and asks. 
"I don't know but there has to be a way. Let's retrace our steps." We all get up. This time we pull out all four flashlights and bounce them all around the tunnel walls as we walk slowly.
"Got it!" Alec calls out a minute later. I run a few feet ahead to where he is. His flashlight is illuminating a circular metal grate on the floor. It's less than three feet in diameter. We must have walked right past it earlier. We can hear the dripping much clearer from the holes in it. 
"Hey Connor, want to give me a hand with this?" Alec asks. 
Connor runs up and sees what we’re looking at. "Score!" He says with excitement. He pulls out his knife yet again and starts working on the screws. This grate takes a while longer to pry loose. He has to pull out over twenty screws. Once they are all out both he and Alec work to remove the cover. 
We all stand shoulder to shoulder around the now open hole in the ground. We shine our flashlights down into the pit and find another nine-foot drop to a new tunnel. We look back up at each other and silently ask the question of who should go first. Connor volunteers by raising his hand and waiving it around excitedly.
"Wait, if we drop down there, how are we going to get back up?" I ask. 
"Good question," Alec answers. "I think we need to plan this through a bit better. Plus, I think it has to be getting close to dinner time."
My stomach growls loudly in response to the thought of dinner. We got so caught up in what we were doing that we didn't even stop to eat our granola bars. 
Claire nods her head in agreement. "I think that's wise. We should head back and perhaps try again next Sunday..." She looks up at Alec and asks, "Wait, do you think we will get another day off together next Sunday?" 
Alec smiles and says, "I schedule the time off so I don't see why not." We all smile at his answer. 
"We could probably find some sort of make shift ladder to bring with us next time." I add.
Connor looks really disappointed but then says, "I guess if we are all going to be sensible then we ought to head back." He places the metal grate over the hole but leaves the screws off. Hopefully nobody will come down here and find it tampered with. For good measure he puts the screws in his pockets so they aren't as noticeable. 
We turn and start heading back the way we came. Claire calls out, "Wait!" We all turn back to her. She's still standing by the grate and I'm wondering if she changed her mind about taking on this adventure later. She grins really big and pulls at her giant rubber waders. "I say we leave these here. Just in case we need them next time." 
We all start laughing as if we all just remembered how ridiculous we look. "Good idea Claire bear." Connor says. We all stop laughing just long enough to give him a strange look over his new found nick name for Claire. I look over to see her icy blue eyes smiling up at him. I guess she likes it. 
I'm the first to start stripping off all the unnecessary gear. "Yep, no use in bringing all this back with us." Alec stares at me and I suddenly feel self-conscious taking off the rubber wader pants. I have my scrubs on below it but it still seems a little weird. He recognizes that I must feel awkward because he averts his eyes and then starts taking off his gear. 
A few minutes later we have a giant pile of gear, minus the flashlights, stacked in a neat pile. "We should probably hide this stuff. I mean, I'm not sure how often people come down here but there's no reason to raise a red flag." 
"Yeah that sounds good." Alec says. He and Connor pull the grate off again. We shove our stuff clumsily down the hole then re-cover it again. 
"Let's go." I lead them out of the tunnels. We get stuck at the platform where we jumped from earlier. I guess we should have thought of the same how are we going to get back up plan before we made this jump.. 
We shine our lights around looking for something to aid us in climbing up. I know the guys can lift us up but how are they going to get up there. 
After finding nada, we decide that Connor will give Alec a boost up and then he will go in search of a rope. Connor gets down on all fours and Alec steps onto his back like he's a human step stool. Connor lets out a grunt as Alec's weight hits him. Alec still has to jump even with the boost Connor gave him. He jumps, then quickly grabs a hold of the ledge and slowly starts pulling himself up. For a second he struggles and I wonder if he's going to fall but eventually he makes his way up. 
"I'll be right back." He says mostly to me once he's safely on the platform. He leaves and we wait. 
Thirty minutes passes by as we twiddle our thumbs at the bottom of the platform. "I should have gone with him." I say. "I don't know if he will remember his way back or not." 
"I'm sure he’ll be fine." Connor says. He pulls out one of the granola bars we packed and opens it up. We all take a small piece of it and chow down gratefully. My stomach still feels hungry. 
Two more granola bars and another thirty minutes later Alec still hasn't returned. Both Claire and Connor are sitting on the floor leaning against the platform wall. They look on the verge of falling asleep. I pace back and forth as a worrisome nausea grows in my stomach. I think of the possibilities of Alec being lost out there. Or worse, maybe he got caught. 
"I need to go." I look at Connor who is nodding off. "Help me up." I shake his arm to wake him.
"Huh?" He says then clears his vision. 
"Help me up." I say pointing to the top of the platform. "I'm going to go find him." 
"Um, okay." He stands up slowly. I guess today's adventure took a lot of energy out of him. Or it could be the lack of protein. "How do you want to do this? Do you want to stand on my back like Alec did or do you want to get on my shoulders?" 
I gauge the nine-foot distance and try to remember my tree climbing skills from way back in the day. I'm not sure if I have enough upper body strength so I opt for the shoulders. 
"Okay then." He leans down really low to the ground. "You stand on my shoulders and then slowly I will raise you up. Just stay close to the wall and use it to balance yourself." 
"Okay." I say nervously as I stand on his shoulders. I'm a little more than a foot off the ground and he hasn't even started to stand yet. I'm already feeling wobbly. "Just go slowly please." 
He complies and moves slowly off his knees. He inches up to where he's halfway standing. "Can you grab the ledge?" He asks through grunted teeth as my hand gets closer to the top. 
"Almost there." Claire calls in support from behind me. 
The ledge is just above me so I inch up on my tippy toes and grab ahold of it. Connor stumbles in that second and I start to wobble. "Crap!" I feel like I'm about to fall so I make a last ditch effort to grab at the ledge that is now just above me. I miss and start falling sideways slightly. Connor's hands grip onto my feet and it slows my fall for a second but then gravity takes its ultimate toll and pulls me down to the cold hard concrete with Connor on my tail. It feels like slow motion as I reach my left arm out in front of me to break my fall. No use, it snaps under the weight of my body. I feel my ankle twisting as Connor falls awkwardly on top of me and it all ends with a teeth chattering slam of my head into the concrete. Stars burst in my eyes and the air is knocked out of me as the world goes black. 
"Willow!" I hear my name being called over and over again through the thick fog. I ignore it because this darkness is a comforting bliss. "Willow!" They call again. With each call of my name I feel more and more pain. It starts with a light prickle in my ankle, then moves to a radiating pain in my skull. When the fire comes and washes over my arm, it comes with a high pitch wailing sound. The cry calls out to me over and over until I open my eyes to find Connor and Claire leaning over me. 
"Oh my gosh, Willow, are you okay? Speak to me!" Claire runs to my side. 
I try to answer her over the loud moans in the background and it's not until I reach for my voice that I realize the cries are coming from inside me. My arm is still twisted in the wrong angle and I can see from the horror in her eyes that it must look as bad as it feels. 
Tears are flowing freely down my face and I feel the sweat breaking out on my forehead as I become more and more conscious of my injuries. "It hurts." I cry. A thousand shooting stars fly across my vision as I try to move my arm to my side. I wail again in pain.
"We have to help her." Claire calls to Connor who looks like he's frozen in place. Not knowing what to do. 
I writhe around on the ground crying out. My head feels like it's going to explode with every movement I make. An intense nausea makes my stomach roll.
"What the?!" I hear someone land on the ground next to me and then those green eyes are staring at me full of concern. He pushes the sweat-drenched hair from my face. "What happened?" He calls back to the others but doesn't move his eyes from mine. 
I lock onto those eyes and imagine that somehow they can heal me, take the pain away from me. 
"She fell." Claire cries hysterically.
He looks down at me, worry and fear display on his expression as he reads the pain in my eyes, the pain in my cries. "I'm going to get you help, Willow." He turns to look at Connor who is still frozen. In the absence of those green eyes I feel the pain again. I cry out and he flinches. "Look Connor, you need to help Claire up first." He addresses Claire. "Claire, you let down the ladder I brought and Connor and I will hoist Willow up."
"Okay." She says panicked. They move away from us to start going to work. A few minutes later her flashlight is beaming down at us from above.
Alec's eyes return to me and I feel that peace again, that reprieve from pain. Even though it's probably psychological I hold onto it. He strokes my hair back comfortingly. "I'm going to have to move you now. It's going to hurt, but I have to get you out of here." He says. 
I nod and continue to stare at him through my blurred eyes. His emerald eyes look kind of like a water painting to me through all of the tears. 
"Okay Connor, come help me." He calls out. 
A second later Connor's at my side. "I'm so sorry Willow, I'm so sorry." He sounds so sad and pitiful but I don't look at him. I just focus on Alec's eyes to get me through. "Is o-ka-y." I grunt out. 
"We need to move now Connor. She needs to get to the clinic quickly. You climb up. I'm going to hand her off to you at the top." Alec says. 
"Yes." Connor hastily leaves my side and climbs the ladder. Alec looks back into my eyes and says, "Do you think you can hold onto me with your right arm?" 
I think about it for a second which makes my head hurt. It feels like I'm swimming through fog but eventually I agree. He nods then hoists me up into his arms. I cry out in pain and he flinches. "I'm sorry, you are going to be okay babe." 
I don't think anything of the intimate reference, my brain is not working right anyhow. It's turning to mush as the shooting stars play across my vision. 
Alec stands up holding me cradled to his chest. I put my right arm around him. "I know it hurts but you need to hang on okay? Don't close your eyes." 
My eyelids flutter and I feel like closing them. 
He jostles me a little which sends the pain shooting back up my left arm and down in my leg. "Can you do that for me?" He asks intently.
"Yes." I say in a throaty voice that doesn't sound like mine. He starts to climb. He uses only one arm and in the other he carries me. It takes him a while to move up a few rungs in the ladder. In fact due to the pain I'm writhing in, those few moments seem like an eternity. My right arm starts losing its grip as my body starts to shut down, blacking out from the pain again. 
"No, you need to stay awake. I need your help Willow!" He calls loudly into my ear. It startles me and I work to pull myself away from the blackness. I tighten my one armed grip on him again. He moves up a few more rungs and then I feel myself being hoisted up onto the platform by Connor. Alec pulls himself up a minute later and then takes me in his arms once again. This time he doesn't ask me to hold on. I sink my head into his chest and I let the blackness take me off to a land that has no pain. 


CHAPTER 7 (Forty-two days inside.)

The steady rhythm of beeps pulls me out of a drug-induced sleep. I see the light behind my eyelids before I open them. My eyes cringe as I slowly squint more and more. The stark white walls make me feel cold and I shiver. My head feels thick and heavy.
"Honey." My dad is at my side in an instant pushing my unruly curls out of my face. 
I try to process everything through my brain as I notice the sterile medical equipment and the monitors. I look down at my right arm where there is an IV sticking out my hand. I try to move but it hurts. 
"Don't push it. Just rest honey, you're safe." My dad says. I turn towards his voice and find him in a yellow hospital outfit complete with a clear face mask. I try blinking my eyes a few times to clear the cobwebs. 
My left arm is throbbing and I look down to find a bright white cast covering the lower half of it. It's held up in a navy blue sling. My left leg is elevated in another sling above the bed. It looks like half my body is broken. Everything starts flooding back.
 "Where am I?" I say in a dry throaty voice that cracks half way through. My dad grabs a cup with a straw from a metal tray table next to me. He puts it up to my lips and I greedily take in the thirst quenching water. It feels luxurious as it slides down my sandpaper dry throat. I look up at my dad waiting for an explanation. 
"You're in the hospital honey. Don't you remember what happened?" He asks me worriedly. 
I do and my heart starts to beat as I wonder what kind of trouble we are in. Did they find out where we were? I opt to play dumb so I shake my head. 
"Your friends said that you were trying to climb some cement steps behind the pool area and slipped. Had a pretty nasty fall. It’s a wonder you didn’t break more bones.” 
Yes, lucky indeed, I think to myself. It’s not like I like the fact that my friends told my dad a bold face lie but what other choice did they have? It still doesn’t explain why my dad is dressed the way he is. How would I be contagious if I just broke some bones?
“What time is it?” I ask, my head pounds with each word I spit out. 
My dad furrows his brow then a look of understanding passes over him. “Time, you ask?” 
I nod my head. 
 “Well…” He glances at his watch. “It’s five till six.” 
“In the morning?” I ask. 
My dad nods his head in confirmation. In that moment I begin to notice, behind his mask, the purple bags that have formed under his eyes as well as his ‘way beyond five o’clock shadow’ growing on his face. 
“Wow, I didn’t realize I’d been out for that many hours.” I say. It doesn’t seem like any time has passed really. 
“Hours?” my dad questions. “Honey, you’ve been out for days…four to be exact.” 
“Four days!” My voice cracks at the attempt of yelling. My dad simply nods his head. I lay my head back on the pillow trying to let this sink in and groan from the pain that radiates through my skull. I reach my hand back to rub the spot that hurts the worse and feel a goose egg sized knot there. Yikes, I really must have slammed it into the ground. It's a wonder I don't have amnesia or something worse.
"Do you feel okay, would you like me to get the nurse?" He hovers over me for a second until I wave him off. 
"Well I feel like I got hit by a semi truck, but I don't need the nurse. I was just surprised that four days went by without my knowing it." 
"Yes, I was so scared Willow. The doctors assured me that you would be okay, but still." His face grows serious. "You have to be more careful. I couldn't handle it if I lost you too." His eyes start to tear up and mine begin mimicking his.
“So dad, why are you wearing all that getup? It’s not like breaking bones is contagious or anything.” My dad lets out a small laugh, apparently relieved that I changed the subject.
“Well, with all the scrapes you got when you fell, you contracted something called MRSA.” 
I give him a confused look. "What's MRSA?" 
"MRSA is a type of staph infection you can get from having multiple abrasions." He doesn’t wait for me to respond before he goes on. “They did a routine test when you went in for surgery for your arm. You broke it in two places. The test came back positive for MRSA, that’s why you’re hooked up to an IV right now. For the antibiotics, and also the pain medicine. Because they caught it early, they are hoping they can kill the MRSA in a few weeks or so. Now your bones are going to take a bit longer to heal.” I just stare at my dad trying to let it all sink in, multiple broken bones and MRSA. He must realize how I'm feeling because his face lightens up and he changes the subject. “So, now that you’re up, there’s been something I’ve wanted to ask you.” 
I wipe at my eyes with my one good hand and look at him. 
“Who’s Alec?” 
The mention of his name makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand on end. “Alec?” I question, my voice cracking, even though I know darn well who he’s talking about. 
“Mmmhmm,” my dad says. I look at him with a semi-confused expression so he continues. “The reason I ask is that he seems to be mighty concerned about your wellbeing. And when I say mighty concerned, I mean almost territorial. He’s been up here visiting during all his free time.” 
I know I’m blushing, I can feel it. “Alec’s just a friend dad. A friend from work,” I stutter. Woot, ten points to Willow for a quick comeback answer! I don’t know why, but it feels weird talking to my dad about Alec. Even more bizarre to hear his name come from my dad's lips. We've never really had 'the talk' or any conversation related to boys. I mean when you're holed up inside a house with your family for the first part of your high school career, there really isn't a need. 
“So, he’s just a friend…from work,” my dad questions again. 
“Dad,” I say trying to feign annoyance. 
He raises his hands in an act of innocence and sits back down. 
As if on cue someone raps softly against the door. I half expect to find the nurse coming in to give me meds or something but my mouth drops open at the sight of Alec, at six in the morning. Now I see what my dad is talking about when he extenuated the word all before, as in all his free time. 
My heart starts fluttering when he looks my direction. Swoon! Is it just my imagination, but does Alec look exceptionally hot this morning, even through the ridiculous mask? He has some stubble growing on his chin, which makes him look a little older than seventeen. He's wearing dark green scrubs that make his emerald eyes stand out. He looks happy to see me but worried at the same time. 
“Alec,” I begin, not sure what to say. 
Instead of saying anything to me he acknowledges my father first. “Hello Mr. Mosby. It’s good to see you again.” 
My dad cracks a smile, “Indeed.” An awkward pause follows as my dad looks to Alec, back to me and back at Alec again. “Oh, right. I’m going to get a cup of coffee. Can I get either of you anything?” My dad asks rubbing his hands on his pants. 
Alec and I shake our heads. 
“Okay then,” my dad says getting up from his chair. He steps into the hallway and turns back towards me. “I’ll be out here if you need anything,” he says leaving the door slightly ajar. He peaks his head back in a second later, “Anything at all.”
“Thanks dad,” I say waving goodbye to him. The door never meets the hinge, I’m guessing my dad meant for it not to. Awkward. 
Alec crosses the room towards me and puts his hands in his pockets. “So,” he says while balancing back on his heels. “I’m glad to see you up, I mean not up, awake is what I meant,” he stammers. 
His response cracks me up. I’ve never seen him so flustered, it's kind of endearing. “Hey,” I say reaching for his arm. “It’s all good. Look, I’m fine. Just a little banged up is all. And, I have you to thank.” I drop my eyes, and my hand realizing how intimate my voice just sounded. My cheeks turn an unnatural shade of red. I'm not sure at what point things got awkward between us, but the tension is so thick you could cut it with a knife. 
 “I would say you are a lot more than a little banged up." He scans my many casts and slings then adds, "I was really freaked out!" His eyes show more worry then they lighten up and he stares down at my lips. "I’m just glad you’re okay, that’s all.” 
We stare at each other for several seconds somehow speaking unnecessary words with our eyes. My heart begins fluttering as Alec leans in like he wants to kiss my cheek. Could he be aiming at my lips? I've never kissed a boy and my heart goes wild with the thought. The only thing separating us is a foot of air and that stupid mask.
My dad peaks his head in the door at the same instant and Alec launches himself away from the bed. 
“Oh, hey dad,” I say with an unnaturally high pitched voice. I don’t even have time to process what just happened. 
“Alec, Willow,” my dad says curtly before sitting back down in his appointed seat with his newly filled cup of coffee. “Oh, don’t mind me you two, just pretend I’m not here.” 
Oh. My. Gosh. If I could crawl in a hole right now I so would. My cheeks are filled with an intense heat.
“So,” Alec interjects looking all too calm. “Don’t worry about work; looks like you’ll be needing to take it easy for a while. But hey, if you feel like you’re up for doing something but can’t be a runner yet, I could really use some help in the office. You know, filing papers and that sort of thing.” Alec swallows hard and I can tell he’s trying to keep his cool. 
My dad takes a loud slurp of his coffee and turns the page of a magazine. “Oh wow, look at that. There’s a quiz here on how to keep a boyfriend. Yep, I’m gonna have to take that one.” 
I try and stifle a laugh. I think this is my dad’s way of saying visiting hours are over. 
As if on cue, Alec looks at his wrist, where a watch would go if he had one. “Would you look at that, I’ve got to get to work,” he says. “I guess I’ll be seeing you around Willow.” He asks it in a more question type of statement.
“Yeah, that sounds good. Thanks for stopping by; it means a lot. Tell Connor and Claire I’m doing fine, okay?” 
“Will do,” he says. 
“Have a good day Mr. Mosby.” Alec turns on his heel and walks out the door.

Chapter 8 (Sixty-three days inside)

Alec, Connor and Claire visit me often during the next three weeks. The doctors said I have to stay in the hospital until the last of my surgeries are completed. The MRSA was gone by the two week mark. They've already done two minor surgeries on my arm since I broke it in several different places. They have a final surgery scheduled later this week to finish their repair work. 
My leg is healing up. It turns out it was just a major sprain, no broken bones. They've done a few CT scans of my head and said that there's no damage there. The doctor made a joke about me having a very nice brain and I laughed accordingly even though it kind of creeped me out. I really don't like hospitals or all of these scans, tests and surgeries. They make me feel too vulnerable and weak. 
The plus side of my stay is that every day before work and after work Alec comes to see me. It drives my dad insane but makes me smile. Connor and Claire come several times a week too, always together. Connor always brings a deck of cards to entertain. One time, when I had all three of them here, we had a ridiculous competition to see who could eat the most pudding cups in under a minute. Connor won by two. The nurse came in a few seconds later and got to see the aftermath. Needless to say I am now limited to two visitors at a time and my pudding privileges have been revoked. 
My dad was given a small reprieve from work when I first injured myself, but he had to go back after the first week. So most days it’s just me, the television which only plays old re-runs, the remote control, and a nice stack of schoolwork. I am so sick of soap opera reruns that I could scream. 
When the day finally comes for my release I nearly hop out of the bed. “Now, don’t you be jostling your arm around like that, you hear? Or you’ll be back here faster than a drunken girl in stilettoes.” I let out a nasally laugh. My nurse has got to be one of the funniest ladies I’ve ever met. She gives me bottle of pain pills and my discharge orders. The orders state that I need to stay off my leg as much as possible and that I can't return to normal work duties for another three weeks.
I get home about ten minutes later after hobbling most of the way. It only takes twenty more minutes for me to realize that I can’t stay in here for another three weeks. I’ll go insane. 
Alec made sure to remind me on every visit that his offer still stood to help him in the office when I got out. I pull out my tablet and do a quick one finger text to my dad telling him that I’m going in to work. He doesn't like the idea and makes sure to voice his opinion in all caps. 
I send him a return message stating that I love him then throw my tablet back into my satchel bag and strap it around my waist. I’m so grateful that Claire brought my tablet to me the following day after I broke my arm. That was one less thing I had to explain to my dad…why my tablet would have been found on the underside of a maid cart. 
It takes me fifteen minutes to make the trip to headquarters. Usually I can make it in less than five, but I have to stop several times to rest and catch my breath. Since when did I turn into such an old lady? Alec jumps up from his desk and runs over to me to hold the door open so I can limp through it. 
"Hey there super trooper!" Alec grins and his green eyes light up.
"Hey." I say a bit out of breath. I try to blow the hair out from my eyes and catch a glimpse of myself in the reflection of a picture frame. I look like a hot mess! The hair in front of my face is slightly drenched in sweat and my curls are sticking out this way and that. Alec reaches his hand up to push my hair out of my face but he drops it quickly when he looks around the office. Some people have glanced up to stare at us from their desks. 
Alec clears his throat, "Okay, you can help me in the back with some filing." He points to a door across the room. I gage the distance and while it's only a few yards away it might as well be miles. I can't believe how low my energy level is. 
Alec walks ahead, punches a code into the door lock and opens it. I move slowly and painfully. When I push past him into the room-which holds a small desk, two chairs and seven metal filing cabinets- I plop down into the first chair I see. I lean back trying to catch my breath like I just ran a marathon. 
Alec chuckles as he steps inside and lets the door shut behind him. "Maybe we should get you a wheelchair." 
I give him a don't test me look which just makes his grin grow larger. I roll my eyes and scratch at my left arm. "This cast is so itchy, I can't wait to get it off next week!" I whine.
"I know they are horrible. I've broken many bones before." His grin turns into a sweeter smile. He walks over to the desk and grabs a black permanent marker from the drawer. He sits next to me. "May I?" 
I look at him confused and nod slightly. My breath catches again, not because of exertion but because Alec is touching me. He gently pulls the sling strap over my head and slides it off my arm. He places it on the floor and then moves my arm to rest it across his legs. I raise my eyebrow when he uncaps the marker and smiles up at me. Good cow, it feels like he's undressing me!
"This plain white cast is just too drab. It doesn't fit you at all." He starts drawing something on it then adds, "Hey, no peaking." 
I turn and look straight ahead at nothing. I wonder if he can hear my heart beating fast. I use my right hand to try and straighten out some of my unruly curls. Alec stops drawing for a minute and pushes some of my hair behind my ear for me. I look at him and realize just how close we are. My breath hitches and my eyes wander down towards his lips. I've never kissed anyone before and I wonder in that instant what it would be like. He traces my lips too with his eyes but then looks away just as quickly. My cheeks heat up and I turn back to stare at the blank wall while he continues doodling on my cast. 
My stomach does its fluttering thing and I try to will the butterflies to stop flapping their wings while I contemplate how things got so awkward between Alec and me. We've always had a bit of tension between us; but lately, every time we see each other, the air is charged with electricity. I find myself torn between wanting to go back to the way things were when we could joke around as friends, and wanting desperately to explore that electricity even if there's a risk of shock involved. 
"Done!" Alec breaks the silence. He puts his hand in mine and lifts my arm up so I can see the cast. 
I look first at the way our fingers are intertwined perfectly together and then force myself to break my gaze away to look at his artwork. "Wow!" I say as I stare at my newly transformed cast. "I didn't know you could draw like this!" I look up at his eyes and he looks pleased that I like it so much. I look back down to study the details of his drawing. He's sketched an entire mountain scape onto my cast with a Sharpie. It's complete with a setting sun, small pine trees and a glistening lake. "Wow." I say again. The details are so clear and vivid even though it's all in black and white. 
He blushes this time and says, "I'm glad you like it." He looks down at our hands but doesn't pull his away yet. "Are you still in pain?" 
I look up into his eyes, which have grown serious. I shrug. "Nah, they got me on the feel good medicine so I barely feel the pain." 
"Why did you try to climb that? Why didn't you just wait for me?" 
I can tell by the way he looks that he's been contemplating this question for a while. I have questioned myself as well. "I thought you might have gotten lost or worse. I thought something might have happened to you." 
"I was fine, it just took me a while to find a ladder, that was all." He looks away for a moment. "I have never been more scared in my life than I was when I saw you lying there like that. Like a broken doll. So perfect, yet so broken." He takes a deep breath as if conjuring the scene up into his memory. 
I pull his chin back up to see my eyes. "Look, I'm fine now."
His green eyes harden slightly. "If I'd have just been there." 
"Hey it's not your fault!" I demand. "I made the choice and nobody could have foreseen that accident." I continue to stare at him for a few more seconds until his eyes soften up a bit. "And see, I'm almost as good as new." I flash him my pearly whites. "Maybe better, even."
His eyes pause and linger on my lips. The awkwardness is starting again. My hand feels feverish in his. My blood is coursing through my veins and I swear I can hear my heartbeat as I gage the ever so slight distance between our lips. 
The electricity is so thick in the air that my nerves tingle and goose bumps rise on my arms. I look into his eyes and see that they have a bit of a dazed look. He starts leaning closer to me and I stay perfectly still, not sure what to do. A second later his lips touch mine ever so gently. 
I gasp a slight breath in surprise. I've never been kissed before! I don't know what to do. He takes my intake of air as an unwelcoming sign and pulls away quickly. 
He pulls his hand from mine and says, "I'm sorry Willow." He stands up and paces the room. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable." He pushes his hand through his dark hair making it look all messy and incredibly hot. 
I stare at him with wide doe eyes. My mouth is gaping open as I try to find words to say. What do I say? Sorry, I got nervous? Let's try that again? Can I get a do-over? Instead I close my mouth and stare down at my hands for a moment. I look at the drawing on my cast and that's when I decide to muster the energy and the courage to stand up and go to him. I don't know what I'm doing and I probably look ridiculous limping towards Alec, but I'm determined. 
He looks up at me surprised and a little embarrassed. When I speak now my voice comes out in a throaty whisper. "Please, try it again." 
He stares at me long and hard as if trying to decipher a difficult puzzle. I inch my lips closer to him and that's all it takes for him to close the gap. His lips are on mine in that instant and fireworks are exploding in my brain. He kisses me hard with our mouths closed and a dizzy sensation overtakes me. My knees nearly go weak but he puts his hand on my lower back pulling me closer into him. 
The sound of someone pressing the code into the door jars us from our stupor and in a flash Alec lets me go and I nearly sink to my knees. It's crazy how intense the feeling of separation is, I swear I can still feel his lips on mine when the door opens. 

"So this is where you will file the papers." Alec opens a filing cabinet a few feet from me. I nod clumsily and avoid turning to look at the door. 
"Hello father." Alec says to someone behind me. I don't dare turn around to meet Mr. Blake's gaze for fear that he will be able to see a big ol' glowing sign across my forehead that states: I'VE BEEN MAKING OUT WITH YOUR SON. 
My cheeks are still flush, my lips swollen and my blood is still pumping warm and hot in my veins when I hear his dad behind me. 
"Hello Alec. What is going on in here?" There is a stone like hardness in his voice with zero tenderness that you would hear in a usual father-son conversation. 
Alec looks at me and then behind me. He clears his throat before saying, "Since this young lady is injured and has a doctors note for light duty, I figured that I would put her to work taking care of some of these files."
An uncomfortable silence passes and I wonder what type of stare down Mr. Blake is giving Alec. "That's fine, but I need you both to vacate this room for a few moments." 
"No problem." Alec says. He picks up his tablet from his pouch then punches in some numbers. "Willow you may take your fifteen minute break at this time." For good measure he adds, "Don't be late." 
My eyes widen in surprise and I give Alec a funny smile then say, "Yes sir." I wipe all expressions from my face as I turn around and see Mr. Blake standing there inspecting me like I'm some type of lab rat. He looks thinner than he did on the first day I met him, but he still has that air of superiority and intimidation about him. "Good to see you again Mr. Blake." I say nodding my head before I limp out of the room. He doesn't acknowledge me in the least. 
I nearly run into someone when I get out into the office. I look up to see a man in a white lab coat who looks mildly annoyed as he walks past me. He looks strangely familiar. He's at least a full foot taller than me with greying hair and a goatee. I place him a few seconds later as Dr. Hastings, the man from the assembly announcement; the one who is in charge of this whole facility. I wonder what he's doing here. Much like Mr. Blake he doesn't acknowledge me as I limp past. 
I walk out into the hall and take a drink from the water fountain. I bend down and splash some of the cool water on my face to clear the fuzziness that is still present from my earlier make out session. I touch my lips when I stand back up. My first kiss and wow was it a kiss! I wonder if they’re always this intense?
When I turn around I see Alec in the empty hall behind me. His face is grinning and he puts his hands in his pockets. "Hey." 
The blush makes its way to my cheeks again when I meet his green eyes. "Hey." I say back while trying to wipe all of the spare water off my face. "By the way, you didn't tell me you had acting skills." 
He takes a fake bow and says, "Yep, I've gotten used to putting on a performance for the old man." His face takes on a serious expression.
"What do you think Dr. Hastings was doing with your dad?" I move away from the water fountain to stand by Alec again. 
He shrugs his shoulders. "Hmm, I don't know. I mean I know that my father is on the F.E.M.A. board. I figure they are grabbing a file or something. There are a few cabinets with some heavy-duty locks on them. There must be some top-secret stuff in those." 
"Hmmm." I bite my lower lip while contemplating what might be in those cabinets. I look up to see Alec staring at me. His eyes have that same glossy look that they had right before he kissed me. My stomach flutters and I secretly hope he will do it again, even if his dad's in the next room. I see his desire pass through in his expression but he shakes it off. Why must Alec be so sensible? Surely he could lose his job or get in trouble for making out with one of his employees, but I think he should just throw caution to the wind! 
I guess my disappointment must show because Alec chuckles. "You are really beautiful Willow." He says sincerely.
"Yes she is!" Claire says in a chirpy voice and comes up from behind Alec. "I'm so glad you're feeling better Willow!" She seems mighty bubbly today. 
Honestly I'm amazed at how different this Claire is to the timid fragile girl that used to hide behind her hair. Connor comes up behind her and pokes her in the ribs and she giggles. I wonder if Connor might have a lot to do with that fact. 
Connor smiles at me. He has a few packages in his left hand so I'm guessing he's in the middle of his shift. "Yep, it's good to see you up and moving around. Is the boss making you work on the same day you got out of the hospital?" He shares some type of weird handshake high five, combo thing with Alec. 
"Nope, I stared at the white walls of my room for all of ten minutes before I decided I had to evacuate. I've felt like a caged animal over the past several weeks being stuck in a room day in and day out. A girl has to have some fun you know." I blush when I think about how much fun I just had kissing Alec, blushing even more when I realize how badly I want to do it again.
"Speaking of caged animals, when are we gonna go on another adventure?" Connor asks.
"I don't think that's a good idea, especially after the debacle that happened last time." Alec lifts my left arm up gently as if the cast doesn't stick out like a sore thumb already. 
"Hey, a few broken bones isn't going to stop this girl!" I say yanking my arm back. "Ouch!" My pain meds must be wearing off because my arm is killing me. 
"You okay?" Alec asks worried.
I nod my head and cradle my arm to my body. "Yeah, I think I need to take my medicine. Anyhow, what I was trying to say is that as soon as this cast is off I'm ready! We have got to go back and check out what is down there." 
"Yay!" Claire says excitedly. "Wow, that drawing on your cast looks pretty rockin’!" She moves closer to examine it.
"Alec drew it." I say proudly, looking up at Alec who seems like he may need more convincing about our side adventures. I figure he won't be so worried when I'm all healed and back to normal. 
"Dude, that's cool!" Connor looks at it. "You should keep that after they cut it off you." 
"Yeah, maybe I'll frame it and put it above my bed." I say jokingly and everyone laughs including Alec. I'm grateful that he's lightening up a bit in regards to my injuries. 
The door to the office opens and Mr. Blake and Dr. Hastings step out. 
"So, after you are done with that run, you will need to stop back by the office. I have a few extra assignments for the two of you." Alec addresses Connor and Claire who both take the hint, nod their heads and walk away quickly.
"I'm checking back in from my break sir." I say to Alec. He gives me a look that says he didn't know I could act as well.
"Are you done in the filing room sir?" Alec asks his dad.
"Yes. Get back to work." That's all Mr. Blake says before walking away along with Dr. Hastings who is holding a file in his hand. I stare at it for a few seconds curiously. My eye catches the word immunization but that's all. 
When they are out of hearing range Alec says, "Mr. Blake can be a bit of a jerk wad sometimes."
I smile up at him sympathetically trying to make him feel a little less let down by the non-existent father/son emotions. "Yep." 
He grins in return and we both head back inside to work. 


CHAPTER 9 (Eighty-two days inside)

The next several weeks consist of the same thing, day in and day out; with the exception of all the stolen kisses Alec and I sneak. I go to school with Connor and Claire, and then I go to “work.” It can’t really be called work though. Alec has me filing but he makes sure I don’t get much done. 
Today I get my cast off. I’m not too excited about that, because it means I’ll need to go back to running soon. On the upside, it also means on our next day off we’ll be able to explore the “sewer system” further. Alec’s been trying to talk me out of it every time I bring it up but I give him ‘the look’ and he quickly changes the subject. 
“Alec, you really don’t have to take off work. I can get there on my own you know.” Alec is insisting that he go with me to get my cast off. Deep down though, I really do want him to go, I just don’t want to come across as needy. 
He playfully tugs at my hair inching closer. He closes the door to the office with his foot and a lump forms in my throat. He takes hold of my cheek in his hand and puts his lips to my ear. His breathing on my neck sends shivers down to my toes. “I’m pretty sure you can get there on your own. It’s just that…” He nibbles at my ear. “…I will pretty much make any excuse to spend more time with you.” The huskiness of his voice makes me melt. He takes a step back furthering his distance and speaks as if what just happened didn’t. “So, are you ready to go.” 
I take a deep breath and put my hair behind my ears. I will myself not to speak for fear of sounding like a mouse and nod my head. It's been a couple of weeks but our relationship, at least that's what I'm calling it, still seems brand new.
He opens the doors and we make the short journey to the doctor’s office. In the elevator his lips find mine in a greedy manner, and when it dings, he composes himself like nothing happened leaving me speechless and breathless. 
I sign in on the clipboard at the front desk and we sit down to wait. I pick up a magazine and flip through it. I find a crossword puzzle and fold back the page. “Okay, smarty-pants. Let’s see how you are at crosswords!” I say a little too smug. “Alright, seven down: To go astray or diverge. It’s eight letters.” I tap the pen I got from the sign in sheet on my chin. I look over to Alec who has a funny expression on his face. “What,” I challenge, letting a small laugh come through. 
“Oh, nothing. I just like watching you while you’re thinking. You get these cute little lines between your eyes.” 
I roll my eyes, “Oh really, do I? Okay, smarty-pants what’s the answer,” I ask, knowing full well he won’t know it. 
“Aberrate,” he says simply. 
I raise my eyebrows at him in response. “Lucky guess,” I say as I write it in. “Okay, next one, and this one is going to be really hard.” I scan the side column looking for one no one would ever get. “Ah, here we go. You ready?” I don’t wait for him to respond before starting. “A morbid fear of sounds or the fear of your own voice. Fifteen letters, starts with an ‘A’.” There, I think, that should keep him busy. 
“Acousticophobia.” He says cockily.
“What!” I yell a little too loudly. I soften my tone when other people start looking at me. “How on earth did you know that?” 
Alec just shrugs his shoulders. 
I scribble in the answer. “Either you’re the smartest person I’ve ever met, or you’re pulling my leg. Which is it? And I expect an honest answer!” 
Alec tries to keep from laughing but he’s not doing a good job. 
“What?” I say as his laughter becomes contagious. I playfully slap him on the arm. “Tell me!” I say. 
“Okay, okay, you don’t have to get all violent on me!” Alec tells me playfully. “I spent a lot of time in the waiting room the first several days you were in the hospital. Got tired of watching reruns of boring old soap operas so I did all the crosswords.” 
“Willow Mosby,” a voice from the other side of the room calls. I glance up to see a plump nurse looking around the room. 
“Here,” I say holding up my hand. 
Before I can stand up, Alec puts his hand on mine. “You want me to go with you? You know, to hold your hand and stuff?” 
I don’t really need to give it much thought. “Yeah, sure, if you want to.” I catch a gleam in his eye. Of course he wants to. 
I lead the way over to the nurse and she puts us in a small room off to the right. She lays my chart down on the table and turns to leave. “The doctor will be with you in a minute,” she says as she turns and walks out, shutting the door behind her. 
I take a quick glance around the room and get really nervous when I see this mean saw looking thing hanging on the wall. “You don’t think that’s for me, do you Alec?” I turn to him as my anxiety increases ten-fold. 
Alec sees this as a sign to comfort me. He takes my hand gently from my lap and wraps it in his. I slump into him finding immediate comfort. 
It doesn’t take long before the doctor comes in. He’s wearing the typical white lab coat. He has white hair that is sticking up all over the place and bottle-cap glasses. He looks at me over the rim, “And you must be Willow. I’m Dr. Pain. Please, don’t think I’m being funny, that’s my real name. Got the birth certificate to prove it.” 
I try to let out a small laugh, but my mouth won’t let me. I squeeze Alec’s hand a bit harder and he rubs the side with his thumb in a comforting gesture. 
The doctor begins shuffling around the room gathering tools and cloth and that dreaded saw readied to be used. I can’t seem to take my eyes off the blade. The doctor wheels the tray over to where I’m sitting and pulls the rolling chair over as well. 
“Now, just trust me, this won’t hurt a bit,” the doctor tells me. 
Yeah, trust a doctor named Dr. Pain. Not going to happen. 
He reaches for my arm and I reluctantly give it to him. “Oh,” he exclaims when he sees the small mural painted on my cast. “You want me to cut around this for you? It would be such a waste of good art.” 
I nod my head and try to smile. “Yes, it’s very special to me,” I reply. My heart is picking up speed and I work to keep from going into a panic attack.
The second I hear the saw blade turn on I close my eyes and put my head in Alec’s chest. 
“Now don’t move, okay?” The doctor asks me, shouting above the noise. A sound of cutting wood penetrates my ears and my brain is screaming, danger, step back! I try not to flinch as I hear the plaster cracking on my arm. It doesn’t take more than ten seconds before I feel the cool air hit my arm for the first time in what seems like months. I look down at my pale weak arm that hasn't made an appearance in a while. It’s really skinny compared to my other arm and looks kind of funny. 
The doctor turns off the saw and hangs it back up out of the way. I bend my wrist cautiously, thankful there’s no pain. It just feels weird. I turn my arm slightly and see a small bruise that has almost dissipated as well as a three inch long scar. That must have been where I had the surgery.
“Just make sure you take it easy for the next few days. I’m going to give you a sling to wear while you adjust to not having the cast on. After that, you’ll be good to go.” The doctor hands me my empty cast and leaves the room with the door still propped open. He returns a second later with another navy sling. He helps me put it on then leaves. 
 “Well, I guess we can go,” Alec says while helping me up. I clutch the cast as we leave. He puts his arm around my waist. As we walk away I wonder about us. Are we in a relationship? I don't ask though. For right now, I feel good with how things are. I don't need a label to tell me how I'm starting to feel about him.


CHAPTER 10 (Eighty-six days inside.)

As usual school’s a bore. For the next few days all I can think about is finding where that storm drain thing leads. We've been talking about it every chance we get. Alec has set our next day off together on Saturday, which is tomorrow. I know I’m going to have a hard time sleeping tonight! 
I lie in my bed going over the maps in my head. It’s hard to think about the maps when Alec’s perfect face keeps flooding my thoughts. I keep trying to figure out what we are. Are we together? Boyfriend, girlfriend? I’m too afraid to ask such a silly question so I figure I’ll just let it ride, hoping he brings it up in conversation. 
I eventually fall asleep sometime after two a.m. I hear my dad come in sometime in the night but I'm too tired to greet him. I feel so awful for how much they’re working him. 
My tablet wakes me up at six a.m. the following morning. There’s a new group message to us from Alec. Meet me by the lower elevators in twenty minutes, is all it says. 
I wipe the sleep from my eyes and drag myself into the bathroom. I brush my teeth, put on my blue scrubs and pull my hair back in a ponytail. I grab my tablet and slip out of the door. No need to wake my dad who will have to get up in a half hour anyway. 
The hall lights are still dimmed; apparently they conserve electricity in the night hours this way. They’ll come on full force at seven. 
I run into Claire on the elevator down. “So, you and Connor, huh?” I ask jabbing her lightly in the ribs. I've noticed their looks during class and even caught them holding hands one time. They don't say anything about it so I figured, now is as good a time as any to ask her. 
A blush spreads over her pale face as she looks down at her shoes. 
“Hey, it’s all good,” I say trying to reassure her. “Connor’s a really nice guy.” 
She finally smiles and looks up at me. “Yeah, he really is. I think I might be falling for him, but it scares me. Everyone I’ve ever loved in this world has either left me or died. I feel like my heart is too far out there right now…like maybe I should pull back.” She takes a second. “Oh, Willow, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to sound so depressing this morning!” She has a pleading look on her face. 
I put my hand softly on her shoulder. Sometimes I forget how alone Claire is. She finally told me a little more about her parents when I was in the hospital. Her mom had died from the virus and her dad went into a heavy state of depression. He had to give her up because he couldn't properly care for her. She often thought that a part of his depression had to do with how much Claire had resembled her mother. 
“Claire, look at me.” She does. “Connor’s not that type of guy, okay. He's not going to leave. And you can be assured that I’m not going to leave you either! You’re my best friend.” I have never said that to Claire before, but it’s true. 
A sparkle gleams in her eyes. “You mean, I have a bestie now? I've never been able to use that word and 'I have' in the same sentence before.” 
I laugh at her use of the word bestie. The elevator dings and Claire takes me in a crushing hug. I hug her back as the elevator doors open. 
Connor and Alec stare with mouths dropped open. “That’s hot,” says Connor and apparently Alec agrees, nodding his head. 
“Oh, shut up!” I say playfully. Claire and I get out of the elevator. 
“So,” Connor says while rubbing his hands. “What’s the plan?” 
Alec grabs his satchel and opens it up. We all peer inside and see flashlights, power bars, and an assortment of other things I guess we might find useful, and a pack of gum. Way to plan ahead Alec, I think. “I have the supplies we’ll need for the day. Now, we just need to take care of our tablets.” Alec hands us each a small roll of duct tape. “Okay, let’s get rid of these and meet back here in ten.” 
I take my duct tape and set off to find a maid cart.
****
Alec and I meet up on our way back from hiding our tablets. He gives me a small wink and that’s all it takes to get the butterflies in my stomach moving. Just the proximity of being so close to him makes my heart soar. 
We round the corner back towards the elevators and find Connor and Claire in a rather passionate embrace. I stop abruptly and turn my head. Alec does a little coughing thing and they both jump so high their feet leave the ground. 
Claire puts her hand on her heart. “Oh my gosh, you guys scared me!” 
“Sorry about that,” I mutter. 
“Well,” says Alec breaking the awkward silence. “I think it’s about time to go, yes?” We all hop in the elevator and Connor pushes the ‘S’ button for Storage. The door opens and we all hobble out taking a moment to make sure nobody is around. 
When we feel the coast is clear we slink over to the grate. Connor goes to work, like before, taking out the individual screws and handing them to me. I take it I’m the official screw holder-er, if that’s even a word. Connor slides the grate off a little bit at a time making some slight squeaking noises as he goes. 
We take turns crawling in as before with me being the point man, or woman, I guess. Connor slides the grate back on and we begin our journey to the ‘sewer systems’. You would think with all the twists, turns, and pathway changes, one would get lost, but that’s so not the case with me. It feels like second nature already. 
It takes us a while but we eventually make the last turn and stop next to the final grate. 
Connor removes it and Alec puts his hand on mine. “Let Connor and me go first. Then we’ll help you ladies down.” The guys have a rope ladder in their bag but they are trying to avoid having to take it out until we are on our return trip.
I hate being seen as a weak link, but I’m not about to break another limb. He already helped me successfully down the first jump from the platform, the one where all heck broke loose before. 
We nod our heads at the boys and they begin to jump down. Claire goes first and Connor helps her down. I’m next. I jimmy my way as close to the edge as humanly possible and stop. Alec has his hands lifted up towards me putting my anxieties at rest. I scoot down backwards like a small child and take the leap of faith. Alec catches me immediately and slowly lowers me down to the floor. He leans in to my ear and whispers, “I’ll never let you go, Willow.” 
Goose bumps run up and down my arms like freight trains. “Thanks.” I manage to say without swooning.
"Dude, it's another freaking tunnel." Connor complains. "This one better lead somewhere."
We shine our flashlights around the tunnel trying to see ahead of us. I catch sight of all of our gear from the last trip in the corner and chuckle. It was pretty useless. 
"I'll take the lead on this one." Alec says and heads to the front. Since there is no recorded map of these tunnels, my memory isn't useful for navigation. I fall in place behind Alec and the others follow single file as the tunnel becomes increasingly narrow. 
"There it is again." Claire says. 
I stop and try to listen to what she hears and when I focus really hard I manage to hear the steady dripping sound. "It must be coming from up ahead." I say. 
We start walking forward and I can nearly feel the moisture in the air the further we go into the cold, dark tunnels. The tunnel takes a turn and we end up in an even narrower one that gets increasingly shorter in height as we walk. We go from standing full up, to crouching down and eventually we have to get on all fours to crawl. All of us put our flashlights away to better crawl except for Connor who is in the back as usual. He's holding onto the flashlight in his mouth. It casts eerie shadows that bounce off the tunnel walls.
"I guess your big mouth finally came in handy." Alec jokes as we crawl. Connor can't answer which makes Alec's anecdote that much funnier. 
I'm grateful for the lightening of the mood because this tiny tunnel is making my insides go crazy. My stomach starts to clench and my heart races. I've never been claustrophobic but something about the way the flashlight bobs up and down against the tunnel walls and the cool damp air makes me feel nervous. The further we crawl the louder the dripping sounds become and the smaller the tunnel seems to get.
"Ah crap." Alec calls from ahead of me.
I realize what he's complaining about when my hand lands in shallow water and the first knee of my scrubs gets soaked. "Well, no turning back." I say. 
Alec stops and grabs his flashlight to get a better look. The ceiling of the tunnel is wet in some places and dripping water. Up ahead there is another turn. "Interesting. I wonder where all of this water is coming from." He says. 
None of us answer because we don't know. In my head I just pray this water is clean water and not sewage. It doesn’t stink so I think we're good.
He starts crawling again and when we make it to the turn we enter a new tunnel that is getting increasingly taller as we crawl. Eventually we are able to stand up again and I breathe a sigh of relief. The nervous feeling starts relenting as I stretch my aching, soaked knees. 
We all are able to turn our flashlights on again which makes the tunnels look a lot less eerie. We walk forward and take one last turn. "Oh my gosh!" The air whooshes out of me and I stop dead causing Claire to run into my back. 
"Hey don't just stop...Whoa!" Claire says upon looking around the cavern. 
Connor makes a whistle sound showing his amazement. We all stand quietly for a few moments just illuminating the area in front of us with our four flashlights. 
It's unbelievable. I have never seen a place like this in real life before. We are standing at the entrance of a gigantic cavern the size of two football fields. Stalactites drop down from the ceiling in thousands of inconsistent sizes and lengths. Five or six of them are so long that they reach all the way down to the ground. The most amazing thing about the cavern is that it's filled with a lake or spring or whatever you would call this body of majestic looking sea-blue water. The dry or actually semi damp ground only extends twenty feet into the cavern before the water starts. We walk further in to the water's edge and shine our lights against its surface. The water is clear and seems to get deeper the further out it goes. 
"Cool." Connor whispers. 
"I know." Claire whispers too. 
"Why is everyone whispering?" I ask quietly.
"Perhaps subconsciously we are trying to keep from scaring the bats awake." Alec says in his full voice. 
Everyone giggles but I shiver. I never liked the idea of bats or anything with fanged teeth. Creepy!
"I wish we brought our swim suits." Connor says. I turn around to look at him. He's sitting on the ground taking off his shoes.
"Wait, you aren't gonna go swimming in your underoos are you?" I ask nervously. I'm not prudish about seeing a guy in his boxers but I certainly don't want to dress down to my white underwear and bra in front of Alec. 
"Only if you want me to." Connor jokes sarcastically and Claire slaps him on the back of the head. I stifle a giggle while Connor rubs his wound. "Ow!" He says in a whiney voice. 
Claire laughs and says, "Man up Connor. I didn't hit you that hard." 
That sets Alec into a laugh and Connor gives him the 'don't knock me when I'm down' stare. Alec stops laughing. 
Connor rolls his pants legs up and touches his toe to the water. "Freezing!" He says then tests it a little further. I see him visibly shiver as his whole foot steps into the water. 
I lean over and touch it with my hand. It isn't necessarily freezing but it's mighty cold. I would say it's either in the high sixties or low seventies in temperature. 
Claire trots over barefoot and walks into the water close to Connor. "Oh my." She says. Connor puts his hand around her as she shivers. 
I look to Alec and shrug. We both start taking off our shoes and socks. I roll up my scrubs to mid thigh and step in. It feels even colder on my feet then it did on my hands. I stand there for a moment allowing my body to adjust to the temperature. 
Alec comes to my side. We stand there for a few more minutes and then I start inching forward. 
"Be careful babe." Alec says. 
The term of endearment warms my heart and I feel more courageous to move forward. I grab ahold of his hand and he matches my step. We walk forward slowly. We keep our flashlights shining on the water in front of us. For the most part, the water seems clear all the way down to the bottom. We are able to walk twenty feet into the water before it reaches knee level. When we get to a stopping point we all just stand there in silence shining our flashlights around the cavern and enjoying the beauty of this secret place.
"I wonder how many people know this place is down here." I say. 
"Most likely only a chosen few since it's not marked on any of the maps." Alec answers.
"Yeah, but somebody must know. After all there is a manmade tunnel leading to it." Claire offers.
"Well it's our place now." Connor says and mimes the action of sticking a flag into the ground like the astronauts did when they made it to Mars so many years ago. 
"Yep! This can be our secret hangout." Claire says sounding youthful like a kid. 
Connor gives her a loving look and it makes me smile. I like to see people who have been through a lot find happiness. Alec must like it too because he squeezes my hand just so. 
My stomach growls loudly and I blush.
"Guess that's the alarm for lunchtime." Alec says playfully. He pokes me in the ribs, which tickles. I giggle and splash him a bit with my foot. "Watch it!" He says and then makes a move to splash me with his hand but I run from him back to dry ground. 
He chases me, both of us sloshing through knee-deep water laughing like kids. A second later my feet are up out of the water and he's got me in his arms. He swings me around like I'm lighter than a feather and I laugh as my world spins. A moment later he sets me down on dry ground and I wait for my brain to catch up with the rest of my body. When the dizziness settles I lean into him. 
Connor and Claire are talking and have already made their way to dry ground and are rummaging through our supplies in search of the Powerbars. I look up at Alec and my heart is like butter, melting in the gaze of his emerald green eyes. He leans in kissing me gently on the lips. 
Then he whispers in my ear, "Lunchtime." He turns me around and we start walking to where Connor and Claire have set up a mock picnic. 
"This isn't much of spread is it?" I ask Claire who's looking up at me with appraising eyes. I guess they saw the kiss too. 
"Well there are honey flavored Powerbars and cinnamon raisin. So at least you have a little bit of variety." She replies with a silly grin. I imagine she's singing that 'kissing in a tree' song in her head.
"We need to bring our swimsuits next time." Connor says between bites of his Powerbar.
"So I guess we've found us a new hang out spot." Alec says.
"Yep and it's only for us!" Claire says.
"Yep, this is our place!" I say in confirmation. 
We finish off our Powerbars and spend another hour exploring the shallow waters and talking about a whole bunch of nothing before we head back for the afternoon. This has to have been one of the best days I've had in a while.


CHAPTER 11 (Eighty-eight days inside.)

After finding the cave and spending time with Alec, going back to school this morning sucks. Not to mention it's Monday. This class doesn't make it any better either. The only thing I can think about is getting back in that cave and exploring…that and Alec. The teacher just drones on and on about who knows what. This week we have full day classes since there is standardized testing on Friday and Saturday. This full schedule is killer. In an attempt to get us to study for the tests they have excused us all from work until Friday afternoon, which means I don't get to see much of Alec. 
Thankfully, with Connor and Claire in my class it’s bearable. Our teacher must be blind or deaf to not hear us texting each other back and forth. She left our tablets unlocked so we can take notes but of course we are using our freedom for something much more worthy. We get to our fourth round of twenty questions when it’s time to break for lunch.
We all hustle down to the cafeteria for our lunch; Connor, Claire and I take a seat at our usual table. After a few months of being here, clicks and bonds have formed and everyone pretty much knows who their circle of friends is. There are a few loners, but most everyone has at least one ally. 
“Yum, more mush,” I say dropping the mush back on my tray from my spoon. 
“Tastes good to me,” Connor says with a mouthful. 
I inwardly laugh at Connor. You could probably feed the guy kitchen scraps and he wouldn’t care. There’s a tap on my shoulder and I turn around to find one of the older, day runners standing behind me. 
“Are you Willow Mosby?” She asks all official-like. 
I nod my head. “Yeah, that’s me.” 
“This is for you,” she says while handing me a small envelope. Then she’s off to her next assignment. I take the envelope and turn back to the table. Connor and Claire are staring at me. 
“Well, aren’t you going to open it?” Claire asks a little too excitedly. 
I’m curious too so I begin to break the seal on the envelope. Inside is a small index-type card. Scrawled in black pen it says:
Willow, will you be my girlfriend? Check one:
⧠yes
⧠no
⧠maybe
Love, Alec
My cheeks blush a dark shade of crimson while my heart leaps out of my chest. 
“So, what does it say?” Claire asks, feigning to hide the excitement in her voice. She pushes her hair out of her face to get a better look. 
Do I tell her? Um, yes. “It’s from Alec,” I say. “He wants to know if I’ll be his girlfriend.” I cringe wondering if that sounds corny. 
I look up to find Claire beaming. “Willow! That’s so sweet! What are you going to tell him?” 
I don’t have to think very hard about this one. I get a pen out of my bag and check yes. “Well, of course I’m going to say yes!” Claire and I squeal like a bunch of schoolgirls, which technically we are. 
Connor makes a joking squeal of a sound to join in and flaps his hands up and down hysterically. We just roll our eyes and both playfully push him at the same time. 
I spot the runner that delivered me the envelope and flag her down. I give it to her and ask her to take it back to Alec. She looks a bit confused at first but nods her head and leaves, taking the envelope with her. 
The afternoon drones on in class and all I do is daydream about Alec. My tablet vibrates alerting me to a message. I put it on my lap figuring it’s probably Claire or Connor. 
To my amazement it’s Alec! 
Alec: I got your note. 
I smile really big. 
Me: I got yours first
 I check back up to find the teacher still talking about Lord knows what. 
My tablet vibrates again. 
Alec: I miss you. 
My heart soars. 
Me: Miss you too.
I text back thinking how absolutely corny we sound. I don't care though. This is my first boyfriend and I'm allowed to be a little cheesy. 
Alec: Are you doing anything this Friday after school? I’d like to take you on a date. 
I stifle a ginormous grin that’s threatening to surface. Friday is my birthday, but I haven’t told anyone yet. That’s right, my sweet sixteen. A hit of sadness hits me when I think about my last birthday. My mom had told me that we could start planning my sweet sixteen party. She would tell me stories about hers as we had clipping parties. We clipped pictures of dresses from magazines, pictures of food, cakes and more. We were making a collage before everything in my world seemed to fall apart. 
Alec: If you're busy...
Alec's text pulls me from my thoughts.
Me: Well, Mr. Blake, I think I have to work. 
A few seconds go by and he replies. 
Alec: Hmmm, looks like Ms. Mosby isn't on the schedule anymore and neither am I. Strange coincidence, I know. 
I giggle and hit reply. 
Me: Well then, Mr. Blake. I guess I am free then. Where are we going? 
My tablet vibrates. 
Alec: I’m not telling; it’s a surprise. 
Eek, I love surprises! 
I’m brought back to the present when Ms. Thomas barks my name. “Willow, what’s the answer?” 
I look like a deer caught in headlights. “Ummm, can you repeat the question?” 
Ms. Thomas cocks her head. “I asked, what is the twenty-eighth amendment of the constitution about?” 
Phew, I know this one…thankfully. I straighten up in my seat. “The twenty-eighth amendment is the amendment that closed our borders off, sealing us off from the rest of the world.” 
The teacher cocks her eyebrow at me. “Very good Willow, I’m so glad you were paying attention,” she says sardonically. 
I quickly type in “G2G,” and send it back to Alec. 
The rest of the week drags on slowly. The highlights of my days are seeing Alec for a few minutes at dinner. The intermittent moments between stolen kisses are what I live and breathe for. His sweet text messages sent to me at school make the anticipation of Friday bearable. 
Apparently, Alec took all of us off the schedule. Luckily Connor was given the opportunity to spend a rare afternoon with his little sister Lillie. He invited Claire to join him, which means I get Alec all to myself. Not that I don't want them joining us, but...Happy Birthday to me!


CHAPTER 12 (Ninety-two days inside.)

By the time Friday rolls around I can barely sit still long enough to focus on my test. I tap my fingers against the desk and check my tablet for the umpteenth time only to realize a few measly minutes have passed. Ms. Thomas gives me the evil eye. I wonder if she thinks my fidgeting is a case of testing jitters or if she thinks I'm trying to cheat. At least my restlessness takes the attention off Connor for once; I’m sure he’s grateful for the break. Even with my lack of concentration I still think I do well on the test. It's kind of hard for me to fail a test with my photographic memory. I wonder if that would be considered a form of cheating. Not that it matters anyway, I learned all of this stuff last year when my mother was homeschooling me. 
I over emphasize the final tap on my tablet screen, sending my completed test to Ms. Thomas. I look around the room and see that I'm the first person done. 
Ms. Thomas looks up at me like I'm crazy. "Are you sure you don't want to go back and review your answers Ms. Mosby?" 
"No, I'm good." I say and then look back down at my tablet. 
She makes an annoyed grunting sound which I simply ignore.
They have a video for us to watch after the test and mine starts up. I throw on my earphones to listen. It's an old video that I've seen a thousand times about the importance of education and college. It tours several of the country's finest institutions. I wonder if they will still be around after all of this is over. I can't even fathom the normalcy of going to an actual college or even a real live school. I wonder if anyone can after most of us have been holed up for a good part of our academic careers. 
Right before school lets out Alec sends me a text.
 Alec: Bring your swimsuit, no questions. Meet me by the first floor elevators at 3:30. Miss u! 
I smile at his message. The first half is so boss-like, while the second is the Alec I’ve come to know personally. When he mixes the two it cracks me up.
Me: See u soon!
School is dismissed promptly at 2:15 and I’m the first one out the door. I give a small wave to Connor and Claire and I am on my way. I head to one of the small stores in the commons area and purchase a piece of purple ribbon and some lip-gloss. It costs most of my money, but I don’t care. The lady at the checkout smacks her gum as she scans my tablet. I watch my paycheck diminish to almost nothing and I’m out the door in less than a minute. 
I rush back to our little apartment and hurriedly scramble into the bathroom. I pull my hair up into a ponytail and tie the ribbon around it. I find my bathing suit and put it on then squirm into my pink scrubs careful not to mess up my hair. I wash my face and pinch my cheeks a few times to develop some resemblance to blush. I apply the lip-gloss and run my lips together. Yep, they look kissable to me! I look down at my drab scrubs and sincerely wish I could change styles or something. As soon as I can afford a sewing kit I’m going to alter these bad boys. I’ve already seen Candy and her posse around in alternate versions of the scrubs. She even turned one version into shorts and a cute tank top. I figure if she doesn’t get in trouble then it must be okay. I just want to take the sides in a bit, maybe alter the neckline. My mother taught me how to sew when I was younger. It would make her proud. I smile at my mother’s memory which quickly turns into a frown. I shake it off and take a deep breath looking into the mirror. Not on your birthday, Willow I repeat to myself. 
I take a quick peek at the clock and realize I have five minutes to spare. I sigh at my reflection. This isn't necessarily the sweet sixteen dress that I had imagined but it will have to do. I apply one more layer of lip gloss for safe measure, check my ribbon and I’m out the door. 
I bump into my dad on the way out. “Oh, hey dad!” 
“Hey Willow.” He takes one look at my face and hair ribbon. “Where are you off to?” 
Without skipping a beat I answer him. “Off to go hang with some friends.” I cringe…I said friends, as in plural. 
"Friends or friend?" My dad asks.
I knew I wouldn't get away with being vague. "I'm going to hang out with Alec." I give him the honesty he was looking for and it makes me feel good. 
"Alec, hmm." He runs his hands through his greying hair. "He seems like a pretty decent guy."
I nod my head and say, "He is dad." 
He studies me for a bit longer making me slightly uncomfortable. “Okay, well you have fun. I’m going to head in to get a bit of shut eye. I’ve got to work the night shift.” 
I hate how much they’re making my dad work. I pull him into a brief hug then leave for the elevator. 
“Be safe,” he says as I walk away. 
“I will, Dad. Love you.” I breathe a sigh of relief and then realize, my dad didn’t even remember my birthday. He’s always been good at remembering and making a bigger than necessary deal on my birthday. I guess I can’t blame him though; he has so much on his plate right now. He seemed too tired to even grill me about going on my date. Well that could have to do with the fact that I think deep down my dad likes and trusts my boyfriend. I'm very grateful for that because I can't imagine doing anything that would damage our father daughter relationship. We are quite possibly the only family we have left. 
A lump forms in my throat and I push my feelings aside for the time being. It's my birthday and I'm going on my first real date.
I hop on the elevator feeling giddy from head to toe. The ride down seems like it takes forever. The elevator dings on the first floor opening up to Alec, standing there with a large and full backpack. As soon as he sees it’s me he rushes into the elevator and clicks the door close button. 
My heart skips a beat as the doors close. 
Alec pulls me into an embrace and kisses me passionately on the lips. I return the favor letting my whole body get absorbed in his kiss. He pulls back far too soon with a wicked smile splaying across his lips. “Strawberry,” he says as he licks his lips. “I like it.” 
I blush bright red. The elevator dings on the Storage floor and the doors open up into the vast room. Alec takes my tablet from me. “Hold the door, would you Willow?” 
I nod my head, “Sure.” 
Alec climbs onto the side rails of the elevator and pushes up one of the cork ceiling tiles. He puts the tablets in them and closes it back off. I give him a smile of satisfaction, genius! “So, what’s the plan?” I ask Alec a little breathlessly. 
“You’ll see,” is all he says. 
I kind of figured where we’re going, what with the swimsuit and being here on the level marked for storage. 
Alec takes my hand and squeezes it softly. “Ready?” I nod my head as we clamor off the elevator.
It takes us about twenty minutes or so of climbing through the different tunnels and grates until I find myself with wet knees crawling through the last round of tunnels. This time we set the rope ladders up at each drop before we jump down, since there would be nobody to help give Alec a boost back up. 
We are starting to get much more efficient at making this journey. Alec even found a way to fasten the flashlight to the shoulder of his backpack so we can see better. 
Excitement coerces through me when we reach our cave. The light hits the stalagmites. They are so beautiful. Alec climbs out of the tunnel and helps me down. Just his touch makes my heart dance with joy. 
Alec and I walk over to the water’s edge and he places the backpack down. Shining the light inside, he pulls out a lantern looking thing and goes to work setting it up. Within a few minutes a bright glow begins to illuminate the cavern. I turn off my flashlight thrilled I can now see panoramically. The area is simply breathtaking. 
I feel Alec’s arms wrap around me drawing me softly to him. “Happy Birthday,” he says whispering in my ear. 
A small smile escapes my lips and I turn to him. “How did you know it was my birthday?” I playfully question. 
Alec jokingly laughs, “A man has his secrets.” I hit him lightly on the arm. 
“Secrets, schmecrits,” I say taunting him. 
He laughs and holds his hand out dropping something cool and metallic in my hand. “For you,” he says. 
I open up my hand to see what he gave me. “A paper clip necklace!” I exclaim! 
Even in the dim light I see him blush. “I know it’s not much, but you know there isn’t a lot here that I can give you.” 
“No need to apologize,” I tell him. “I think it’s sweet and thoughtful. It is a homemade gift after all. I’m going to keep it forever.” 
He moves around me and ‘fastens’ the necklace to me. “Hey, it’s one step up from a pasta necklace,” he jokes. 
I laugh. “Yes, you're right about that! But this way, I don’t feel the need to eat it.”
To my amazement, Alec has packed a little picnic for us. He sets out various cans of stuff around a small towel he must have brought from his place. “Are you hungry,” he asks while placing some silverware on the blanket. 
“Not really quite yet,” I say. I’m a little too excited about this place to eat now, plus dinner’s not officially supposed to be for another few hours. 
“Good,” Alec says. “Neither am I. So, what do you say we go do a little exploring, then go for a swim and we’ll finish it off with our special ‘lantern lit’ dinner.” He smiles at me and I know I’m a goner. 
I nod my head. “Sure, that sounds fun!” He finishes unloading the backpack and gets his flashlight. I click mine on illuminating the space before me in a bright white glow. Alec takes my hand making it feel so warm and inviting and we’re off. 
We follow the areas that are around the large pool of water finding all kinds of things. There are these strange white bugs I have never seen before as well as white tadpoles. I haven’t looked up to see if there are any bats because, truth be told, I’d rather not know if there are. 
I reach my hand out to touch one of the stalagmites that have grown up from the floor and Alec stops me. “Don’t touch them, just look. The oils on your fingers could alter their growth.” I pull my hand back. “And we don’t want that,” he reiterates. It’s hard for me not to touch them though because I’m such a tactile person. The texture looks so cool and inviting. 
“Willow, shut your flashlight off for a sec,” Alec says. I give him a questioning look but turn my flashlight off squeezing his hand infinitesimally tighter. “Look, do you see over there, in the corner?” 
I look to the corner and see a very subtle beam of light. So subtle, that you would have to know what you’re looking for to be able to see it. 
Alec turns his light back on and I follow suite. “Let’s go check it out.” He took the words right out of my mouth. We inch along careful not to step on any geologic marvels and make our way to the far corner. Although, when we get there, it isn’t really a corner at all. It’s a hidden pathway leading further into the infrastructure. 
“Should we go in?” I ask Mr. Geology to make sure it’s safe. 
“Willow, is that really a question?” He smirks at me. 
I return the smile with one of my own. This is so exciting! We inch into the narrow space between the cave walls gripping each other’s hands a bit tighter as we make our way through. At one point the walls almost touch each other at the top so we have to get down and waddle like a duck to get by. The light begins to grow and grow until we don’t have to really use our flashlights, except we do anyway. 
We round the final turn and come to a cavern that looks very similar to the one we were just in. Similar, except for the small hole in the ceiling that is funneling in a small beam of light. The room is markedly warmer than the other room; my guess is because it has some heat from outside seeping in. There’s another large pool of water in this room; it looks a lot more inviting though. My guess is the temperature of the water is significan’tly warmer. 
As if reading my mind Alec says, “Looks like a good place for a swim. You game?” 
I smile and follow him to the edge of the large pool of water. "Sure." We kick off our shoes and take off our socks. After that though I begin to feel self-conscious. 
Alec must see the worry on my face, “I’ll turn around while you get undressed.” Without waiting for a response he turns around. 
I wonder if that means I can’t watch him… And so I do, because I can. While I wrestle with the drawstring that’s tied around my waist I watch as Alec takes off his shirt. The muscles in his back flex and soften as he brings his arms back down. Yum, I think to myself. I finally manage to get my pants undone and I take off my shirt. I make sure my swimsuit is on right and tell Alec, “Okay, you can turn around now.” 
He smiles at me and I blush. He has never seen me with so little on but his eyes don’t rake over my body like I would have expected. He stares into my eyes sweetly then comes to my side and takes my hand. He leads me to the water. I put my foot in and feel the warmth pour through my body. It’s not as warm as a shower or bath, but it’s soothing nonetheless.
Alec doesn’t waste anytime diving into the water. His head pops up just under the light a few seconds later. He shakes his head as he comes up sending water spraying around him. The outside light hits it just right and his hair looks like it's glistening. “Man this feels good!” He exclaims. 
I can tell he’s a throw-caution-to-the-wind kind of guy as I tiptoe out towards him in the middle. Oh, enough with the pleasantries, I dive in right after him. The water is so clear under here that I can see his feet treading water up ahead. I pop up right next to him feeling the warm light bathe my skin. “It does feel good,” I say as I push my wet hair out of my face. I look up through the natural skylight in the cavern. We both float on our backs staring up at the sun and the sky that is so far above us. 
I forgot how much I missed the open sky. My heart warms and I feel suddenly like everything might turn out right after all. Some inkling of hope hits me and I think of my mom and my little brother. My heart tugs slightly but deep down I have the thought that they may make it after all. I mean, here I am in a cavern staring up at the sun, it could be totally possible that they are staring up at the same sun right now. That is, if my brother is still well and has not been overcome by the heat or the virus. 
"A penny for your thoughts." Alec says quietly into my ear beside me.
I consider not answering but I say after a few seconds, "I was just thinking of my family." 
He pulls me into his arms. I rest my head on his shoulder and he treads water carrying both of our weight. "I bet they are out there Willow. They can't all just be gone, like that."
"I was just thinking that same thing." I say quietly still feeling a little sad. I look up and gaze into his eyes. “Wow, I’ve never noticed how beautiful your eyes are…they’re the most unique shade of blue/green I’ve ever seen.” I reach up briefly to stroke his cheek. 
“Blue?” says Alec questionably. “That’s strange; I don’t remember having a blue hue to my eyes.” 
I inch closer. “Hmm,” I say looking into his eyes. “They look blue to me, maybe it’s just the way the light is hitting them.”
"Yeah, it has to be the light because your left eye kind of looks a little green too. It's pretty cool looking though." Alec plants a light feathery kiss on my lips. “Happy Birthday Willow. I know this isn’t much, but I hope it’s enough.” A sincere smile splays itself on my lips. 
“Alec, this is more than enough. This has to be the best birthday I’ve ever had. Honestly.” I want him to see how grateful I am to be spending my day with him, but I don't want him to see the hint of sadness that the void in my family has left me with. In order to not ruin the moment I slip through his arms and duck down into the water. Swimming further out, enjoying the sting of my muscles as I push them to their limits. I pretend that the warm water is melting away any sadness or worries. I bob back up a moment later taking in a gulp of air. I turn around to see Alec’s head duck below the surface. I tread water waiting for him to come back up. 
I feel something tickle my feet. I scramble away thinking it’s a fish until Alec’s head pops up. “Gotcha!” He says, voice full of playfulness. 
I splash water at him and he feigns like he’s hurt. I see a twinkle in his eye indicating 'game on' and away I go…Alec chasing me from behind. 
We play for what seems like hours in the water. Playing games like we did when we were children including, Fish Out of Water and Marco Polo. He even gives in when I ask him to have an underwater tea party. We race each other using different strokes we know…even the butterfly, which I suck profusely at. I look like a dying fish. 
By the time we're done I’m starving and can’t wait to see what's for dinner. 
Alec and I hike back around to the blanket with all the goodies on it and dive in. “Where’d you get all this food?” I ask Alec in between mouthfuls of canned chicken salad. The buttery crackers melt in my mouth. Yum!
"I got connections." Alec jokes.
"I bet! A perk of being a part of the upper class. The rich can get anything." I look up at him when he doesn't laugh and the grin on my face falters when I see Alec's expression. Oh crap.
"What's that supposed to mean?" Alec asks looking not so happy. 
"Um." I stutter.
"Do you classify me in the same group as Zack and Candy?" He spits their names out like they taste bad.
"I don't Alec. I was just trying to joke." I say sincerely. "I know you're nothing like them." 
He stares at me for a few seconds and then says, "Okay. I'm sorry I got kind of worked up but I couldn't stand it if that's what you thought of me. I may come from money but I work hard, I don't just sit around making other people's lives miserable like they do."
"I know. I'm sorry." I say biting my lip. I look down feeling miserable. I never meant to hurt his feelings. 
He scoots closer to me and raises my chin with his hands until my eyes are level with his. "You know it's a good thing you are cute." He says with a boyish grin that changes into a questioning look. "Hey, did you poke your eye?" 
I look at him confused. "I don't think so." I say.
"Hmm, your left eye has a red spot in it. Kind of like what happens when someone pops a blood vessel but instead it's on the brown part of your iris." His staring starts making me a little uncomfortable.
"Does it look that horrible?" I move back away from him and reach my hand up to my eye self-consciously.
"Hey, it doesn't look bad Willow. You have to be looking very closely to notice it." He pulls me back towards him and the look in his eyes makes my stomach do summersaults. "And nobody should be able to get as close to you as I do." He brushes a wet strand of hair from my face. "You are really beautiful Willow." 
Aww! My self-consciousness melts with his words. He leans in and kisses me gently. My heart races and takes a few moments to calm down even after he's pulled away. 
"Thank you Alec for this amazing day." I say as he goes back to eating his food.
"Anything for you." He says. "I wish I could have found some cake but this cookie will have to do." He pulls out a chocolate chip cookie and presents it to me. "Happy Birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear Willow, happy birthday to you." He sings dramatically. 
I'm smiling so big that my face hurts. I accept the cookie from him and take a bite. It's stale like those pre-packaged cookies that sit on the shelf for months, but it satisfies my sweet tooth. I break off half and hand it to him. "For you."
"Why thank you." Alec says smiling. He takes a bite and a smudge of chocolate stains his lips. I wipe it away playfully and give him a quick peck on the cheek.
"So, today was my first time to celebrate my birthday with my boyfriend. It was the first time that we found this cave. The first time we saw the sun in a while. And it was our first fight!" I grin spiritedly at him. 
"Wow, a lot of firsts." He says. "And I'm glad I was with you for them." 
We talk some more while we finish our food and clean up. Alec tells me about some of his birthday memories. I feel bad when I find out that his mom had died a few years back. I hadn't known that about him. He moves on from the subject quickly though, not wanting to spoil the mood. 
"We better head out." Alec says regretfully after a little while.
"Yeah, I guess. Maybe we can come back on our next day off. We could show this place to Connor and Claire." I say a little torn. I want to share this amazing place with our friends but I also want to keep it as Alec and my secret place. 
"It's a date." Alec says. 
"A double date." I say with a sly grin. We both laugh at that then head out. 
The trip back seems to go by a lot faster than the trip in. Normally that's a good thing but in this case it just means I get that much less time with Alec. 
We reach the opening and climb out carefully making sure that very little noise was made. We put the grate back on and head for the elevator. It dings and we hop on. I hold the door open button while Alec fishes for our tablets. He passes both of them to me and I release the elevator button and press the button for floor three. The elevator lifts us at its usual quick speed and when it opens up into the common area we step out into a silent hallway. 
"It must be late." Alec says looking around. There isn't a single person out on the floor. 
I hand him his tablet that I'm still holding and then slide the lock screen off mine. My stomach drops when I see twenty missed messages and the time. It's nine p.m. I pull up my list of messages and my eyes halt when I see the three red bolded message lines from the shelter officials. The first notifies us of a mandatory assembly that began at seven-thirty p.m. The second one state's that I failed to check in and that I should bring my tablet to an official immediately. The third is written in all caps and says that I have twenty minutes to notify an official of my presence at the assembly or I would receive a permanent reprimand on my record. In smaller font it states that additional consequences can be assessed depending on the nature of the situation. I look at the time on the third message and see that I have exactly two minutes to bring my tablet to an official. My heart leaps into my throat and I look at Alec. 
He must have identical messages because he grabs my hand and pulls me into the elevator immediately. He presses floor one and the elevator begins moving. "Look, when this opens you separate from me and go in through another entrance to the assembly. I don't care what you say, but lie. Tell them you didn't see the messages, your tablet was off, whatever you have to tell them. Just don't tell them where we were, okay?' 
I nod and my palms starts sweating as the doors ding open. We run into the empty foyer and make our way towards headquarters. Alec runs past me to go in through an entrance further down and I take the first set of doors into the auditorium. My heart is leaping as I walk into the dim, gigantic assembly hall. A video is playing and I have no idea what's going on. Thankfully the video seems to be so enthralling that nobody notices me. 
I make my way towards a female official who is standing a few rows in front of me. I speed walk and tap her on the shoulder. She turns around and doesn't seem too pleased to see me, especially since I'm interrupting the video presentation. I hand her my tablet and whisper a bit shakily. "I um, my tablet was off and I just turned it on and it had all of these messages and the last one said that I had to bring this to you." 
The female official is a few inches taller than me and has a more masculine build to her. I feel extremely intimidated as she stares me down with beady hazel eyes. She looks down at my tablet and my heart races and presses a few things on the screen. She starts to hand it back to me but then asks, "Why did you not hand this to the official upon entering?" 
 My mind tries to come up with an excuse and I know that the pause in answering her is going to make me look guilty. I finally think of something. "I came in with my dad and we were with a really big group. Nobody asked me for it and I just figured that when they checked my dad's tablet that I would be counted present since we are together." 
She studies me for a second and looks around me as if trying to find my dad. "I've been covering this entrance and I know I wouldn't have let you go by without seeing your tablet."
Crap! "Um, I didn't come in through this entrance. I came in further down there." I point to my left. There are at least fifteen rows with different officials to my left so I figure it's the best option. She looks at me and I just know that she's going to see right through me and know that I haven't been here. She's going to ask me why I would come all the way to her to check in. She looks in that direction and I see her looking in the direction of a tall lanky male official. She rolls her eyes and a slight ping of hope hits me. Maybe she doesn't like that official. 
She returns her attention to me, her eyes squinting as if she's trying to figure me out. The crowd around us breaks out in a loud round of applause. She looks back at the screen and a look of pure disappointment covers her face. She looks back at me annoyed, pulls the screen up on my tablet, types a few things that I can't see onto the touch screen and then hands it to me. I grab it from her and she immediately walks away in search of another official. My guess is she's wanting to find out what just happened on the video. 
My heart starts slowing down the further away she gets from me. If she was still suspicious she certainly wouldn't have handed the tablet back to me. I slide into a seat on the end of a row in the back and avoid making any eye contact with those in the neighboring seats. I don't pay attention to the video that's apparently talking about the heating process. Instead, I look down at my tablet. A green warning message is displayed across it stating: Class Three Reprimand. In smaller print I read the notification that as a consequence for a Class Three Reprimand I will be assigned community service for the next month, to commence on any free day I am given. Aww Man! There go all of my hopes of further exploring our caves for a while. 
I read the general message under the reprimand, which states the different classes. Apparently a class three is the lowest level and is considered a sort of deferred adjudication where it can be removed from my permanent record upon the completion of all community service. I read the other classes of reprimands and find that class two is a serious level of discipline which requires paying restitution, completing abundant community service and it will go on the permanent record which could affect a persons employment opportunities. A class one reprimand can result in actual prison time and in some cases could result in a person being exiled from the shelter. A shiver passes down my spine. I never knew that there was a prison in this shelter, it's not labeled anywhere on the maps. I also never knew that they would actually kick someone out of here. I mean, that could be a death sentence! 
To get my mind off it, I start looking through the other seventeen messages on my tablet. There are seven messages from my dad asking where I am. They get more and more worried as they go on. I feel horrible that I put him through this. I had no idea that this assembly would be called but one of the number one rules in the shelter is to always carry your tablet. Obviously that rule is for this very purpose. 
The other messages are from Connor and Claire just asking where I'm at and commenting on the video. It turns out the whole thing is about how the removal of the patches is working. The earth is heating up nicely, yada, yada, yada. They still estimate that we will need to remain in the shelter for another two years. Connor complains about that part the most. Especially since his parents are out there. I concur with that, I don't want to wait another two years to find out if my mom and little brother survived, but I obviously don't have much choice. 
My tablet vibrates and a new message from Alec comes on the screen. "Are you okay?" 
"Yes, I got a reprimand though." I type back.
"What?!" He texts which tells me that he must have gotten through the situation a lot better than I did. 
"Yes, it's only a class three though." I say. 
A few minutes pass and then he sends, "Okay, that doesn't look like it will be too bad. How many days did you get of community service?" He must have just searched through the shelter facts to find out what the different classes mean.
"I have to go on every free day for a month." I type.
"I'm so sorry babe. This is my fault." He sends. 
My stomach flutters in a good way at his use of the word babe. I can't help smiling as I type. "Not your fault. This still was the best b-day ever." 
"I still feel horrible but I will find a way to make it up to you." He types.
"You don't have to make up anything. I'll be fine. Looks like they are about to let out." I type as the lights come on in the auditorium. Everyone around me starts getting up and I follow suit. 
I head back to my room immediately. When I get in I answer my dad's texts and let him know that I'm fine. I was just sitting with my friends. He seems relieved to hear back from me. He tells me that he has to go back into work but that he loves me. He sends another text with a picture of a birthday cake. 
Dad: Happy Birthday Honey!
Me: Thanks!
My heart warms knowing my dad remembered after all. I need to find time to talk to my dad about what's been going on in my life. We used to be close and not telling him about everything seems unnatural. My dad has always been there to support me but lately we've had zero time together. I make a promise to myself that the next time we have alone time I will tell him about Alec and even about our cave. 
I take a shower and change into my pajamas. It feels good when I lay down in my bed. I didn't realize how tired I was from our exploring and then the emotional stress of finding out we nearly missed the assembly. I was going to text Claire to see how her time with Connor and Lillie was but I find it hard to keep my eyes open. I decide it can wait till tomorrow and I succumb to the sleep that is calling my name so sweetly. 


CHAPTER 13 (Ninety-three days inside.)

Seven a.m. comes far too early as my tablet vibrates me awake. I yawn and stretch my arms over my head. I practically crawl into the bathroom mumbling about how I hate mornings along the way. I’m quiet though as to not wake my sleeping father. I turn on the sink and splash my face with cool water. As I towel dry it off I take a glimpse of myself in the mirror. 
My eyes widen in horror as I take in that eye Alec was talking about. It is not just a small dot of red, it’s like a quarter of my eye is red. What's even freakier is the dark green ring that circles my iris. I know that's never been there before!
I lean in close to the mirror and open my eyes wider to examine it. It looks creepy to me. The only time you see red irises are in those badly depicted vampire movies. I move my face around allowing the light to shine all around my eye. What the heck is wrong with me? With the green and red, my eye looks like Christmas time gone wrong. Deep down I want to run to the nearest doctor to get this thing looked at, but something is telling me not to. Just wait it out Willow, I tell myself. 
I sneak back into the other room where my tablet is and bring it into the bathroom with me. I remembered seeing a small, funny looking dot on the top of the tablet. My guess is it's a camera. I search the icons for a camera app and find one. Ah, ha! I say to myself. I position the camera up to the mirror and get a close-up shot of my eye. I send it to Alec and ask him in the message.
Me: Is this how it looked yesterday? 
I hit send and wait. With nothing else to do I braid my hair. As I am clasping the bottom with a rubber band my tablet vibrates. 
Alec: I don’t think so, but maybe it’s the light. You might want to get that looked at.
Then a second later another message pops up.
Alec: Ah crap, I just cut myself. Got 2 run! 
Me: K
 I push the tablet aside. I’m trying to put two and two together and it doesn’t make sense. I’ve seen what it looks like when you poke your eye and it…bleeds. Sabby did it once when he was about three with one of my pencils and it didn’t look like this. It looked like it was bleeding, not perfect and symmetrical. It just doesn’t add up. 
Suddenly I’m overly self-conscious about it. I pull my hair back down out of the braid and arrange it in front of my face. In a fleeting moment, which I most definitely don’t think through, I grab some scissors and cut some long bangs around my face. I cringe upon seeing long strands of my hair fall to the floor. No going back now. I guess my vanity is getting the best of me today. I work to try to even them out. In the end my bangs end up long enough to where if I wanted, they would nearly cover my eyes. I cut them in an angle though so they can swoop over my left eye. I figure there's no use in walking around fully blind when my right eye seems normal...for now. 
I look in the mirror to examine the finished product. A long exasperated sigh escapes me. I keep telling myself in my head over and over that it’s a new fashion statement. Tomorrow, everyone will do the same and cut bangs like mine. Yeah right, Willow, my annoying common sense chimes in.
I glance down at the clock and realize I only have a few minutes before I have to be down to breakfast. I scoop up the hair as best as I can, dispose of it in the trash and put back the scissors. I hurriedly get dressed, grab my tablet, and b-line for the cafeteria all the while careful not to wake my dad. 
Self-consciously I drag my newly cut bangs in front of my eyes thinking man, if I only had my sunglasses this would be ten times easier. I could just feign a headache and be done with it. 
I drag my tray over to Connor and Claire sitting it down with a thump. 
“Wow,” proclaims Connor. “Did someone wake up Emo this morning?” 
Claire slaps Connor on the shoulder. “Hey, I like the bangs, it’s totally cool!” She exclaims in what sounds like mock enthusiasm. 
“Thanks,” I mutter while keeping my head down. 
The rest of breakfast is strangely quiet with Connor and Claire saying something every now and then to break up the awkward silences. Except what they say isn’t making sense. 
One time Connor blurts out, “I WONDER WHY CLAIRE DOESN’T LIKE SHOW TUNES.” It sounds muffled…different. 
And, one time Claire said to no one in particular, “YEAH, A NAIL SALON WOULD BE NICE,” her voice sounding different too. 
I can’t put a finger on what’s going on.
After breakfast we trek up to our classroom and take our seats. There are so many voices’ talking it’s hard to think straight. To my surprise I look around and notice that I can hear people talking but practically no one is moving their lips. It’s so strangely bizarre and foreign that I put my head in my hands and cover my ears. The sounds are somewhat muffled, but not in the least bit gone. 
I shake my head and look up grunting in frustration. I must have grunted pretty loud because all heads, including Ms. Thomas’ turn in my direction. “Sorry,” I mutter. “Bad headache.” Yes, Willow. That’ll explain your attitude and your new hairstyle. 
Heads begin to turn away from me but I hear comments like: "FREAK, LONER," and "LOOSER," drifting from different people in the room. I can’t understand why Ms. Thomas is letting them say these things. 
I look to Ms. Thomas for help and hear her say in a muffled voice, “TEENAGERS, THIS JOB MAKES ME SICK. I DON'T EVEN GET MY SATURDAYS OFF ANYMORE. THIS IS SO NOT WORTH IT!” 
I furrow my brow in utter frustration and look over to Connor and Claire. To my surprise they’re facing forward like nothing is happening. I pull the text app on my tablet up and text a hurried group message to them. 
Me: Did you just hear what Ms. Thomas said??? 
I hit send and watch as Connor and Claire get the messages. 
They both look confused. I hear them say, “NO,” but again in those bizarre muffled voices. My tablet vibrates softly in my palms and they both respond with No.
I’m beginning to get freaked out. I look over to Claire who looks like she’s doodling on her tablet. Suddenly, in the middle of class I hear her say, “BLAH, BLAH, BLAH. THIS TEACHER CAN RAMBLE! SERIOUSLY, WHY WOULD SHE THINK WE’RE LISTENING? THIS HAS TO BE THE MOST BORING CLASS EVER!” 
At this point my mouth drops to the floor. I look up at Ms. Thomas and she just continues on with the lesson! Is she deaf? I shrug my shoulders and decide to try it out, “Boring,” I say loud enough for everyone to hear. 
My face pales as Ms. Thomas stops mid-sentence and turns to face me, complete with beady eyes and a red face. I sink low into my seat. “What did you just say, Willow?” She says as she spits my name. Then I hear her say in a muffled voice, “YOU LITTLE TWERP, YOU THINK I LIKE DOING THIS?” 
My eyes go wide at this. Her mouth didn’t move. I think it’s at this moment I have come to accept that I’m going crazy. “Nothing,” is all I can stand to mutter in response. 
“That’s what I thought,” Ms. Thomas says while turning around, continuing the lesson. 
I look over to Claire whose face is burning red. She gives me a look like, what gives, and I just shrug my shoulders. I keep my hand over my ears for the rest of the class until the bell rings.
I grab my tablet and hurry out the door eager to get away from the bizarre and personal comments no one should dare say aloud. As I walk towards the cafeteria I keep my head low realizing that the muffled dialogue I’m hearing is dramatically decreased when I do this. But, keeping my head low does have its consequences. I practically mow over several people with my tray on the way to our table. It’s ϋber embarrassing.
Claire and Connor each slam their trays down and display a look of annoyance. I cringe and Claire begins, “Willow, what the hell is wrong with you?” Leave it to the normally calm natured girl to speak up first. She stares me down. Then in her muffled voice I hear her say, “SHE’S ACTING SO BIZARRE, MAYBE SHE’S ON DRUGS.” 
“I am not on drugs,” I say to defend myself. 
Claire’s mouth falls open, “What did you just say?” 
“I said I’m not on drugs,” I repeat, confused by why she’s asking me to repeat it. 
“Willow, I didn’t say that.” 
I give her a disgruntled look. “I just heard you!” Then it dawns on me, and a look so horrific must come over my face as I watch Connor and Claire’s reaction to my epiphany. “Wait, Claire, think of a number between one and ten million. And Connor, think of a color, not a primary color, but one that is bizarre.” 
They look at each other and shrug their shoulders. “ONE-HUNDRED-THOUSAND,” I hear Claire mutter softly. 
“MACARONI AND CHEESE YELLOW,” I hear Connor say almost in unison with Claire’s response. 
“One-hundred-thousand and macaroni and cheese yellow.” I say, watching for their reaction. Connor and Claire grip the sides of their chairs and look at me completely bewildered. They both look like they are on the verge of passing out. “Sit,” I command. The last thing I want to do is invite more unwanted attention to myself.
"What the heck was that Willow?" Claire asks. Connor just continues staring at me with a blank expression. 
"I don't know. It's like I woke up and now I can hear everything!" I exclaim.
"Everything, Everything?" Connor asks. The dumbfounded expression is still on his face. "CLAIRE IS HOT." I hear Connor's muffled voice say. 
"Yeah, I think she doesn't know just how beautiful she really is." I say looking at Claire. Connor's mouth drops open again and Claire's cheeks redden as she realizes what I must have heard in his mind. 
"How do you turn it off?" Claire asks.
I shrug my shoulders. "I have no idea. I mean I can muffle it somewhat if I keep my head down and don't look at anyone."
"I think the better question is how did you turn it on?" Connor asks.
"I'm not sure how I turned it on." I'm starting to feel a little frustrated about my lack of knowledge when it comes to these new freak worthy skills.
"Why do you think this is happening now?" Claire's expression is thoughtful and curious.
"I. Don't. Know." I enunciate each word with frustration. I feel like an instant jerk when Claire's face falls. "I'm sorry, I just don't know any more than you do. I really need to see Alec." My head is starting to pound again so I rub my temples with my index fingers. I look up at Claire with watering eyes. 
She looks at me and immediately gets up from the table and comes around to sit by my side. She rubs my back soothingly and says, "It's okay sweetie we'll figure this out." She pushes the hair from out of my face and I look up to hear her muffled voice say, "She looks sick." The second she registers my eyes she gasps. "What in the world?" A whole series of questions that I can't quite make out are running through her head. 
I quickly look down and hold my hands to my ears. My head is pounding so hard now that I feel as if it's going to explode.
"Should we take her to the doctor?" Connor asks worried. 
"No! Alec." I say through clenched teeth. My head is hurting and each word feels like a hammer hitting my temple. I keep my head down as Claire stands and helps me up from the table. I walk that way staring at Connor and Claire's white tennis shoes as they lead me out of the cafeteria. For the time being I can't hear any inner thoughts but I doubt I would really be able to concentrate anyhow with this pulsating headache. 
I watch a pair of bare feet walk towards us. They are perfectly pedicured with hot pink nail polish that can only belong to one girl that I know. When I hear the hyena laugh I know that my guess was right on the money. 
I look up to see Candy, Zack and their posse walking in our direction. I look away quickly but the voices have already started to flutter into my brain. Candy's muffled inside voice is just as annoying as her real one. "PATHETIC. WHAT DOES HE SEE IN HER? AND THOSE BANGS? ICK!" 
I hear one of the other guys say something about Candy's rear end but surprisingly I can't hear a thing that Zack is thinking. I look up at him and he gives me a strange eerie look. I look down quickly only to see his tennis shoes stop directly in front of me. 
"So where do you think you're going?" Zack asks. 
I keep my head down and Connor speaks up for me. "She's not feeling well. I'm taking her to the nurse." 
"Hmm, looks like someone had a little too much fun last night. So was it pain pills? Alcohol? What did you get into darling? Cause rumor has it you were late to the assembly." Zack says a little too coy-like.
How in the freak did he know that? I look up at him surprised. I strain my mind to hear what he's thinking but it's like I'm hitting a brick wall. The one time I could use this freaky gift thing and it doesn't work?
Claire yanks me to the side out of Zack's path and then pulls me forward down the hall away from them. "Jerks!" She yells. 
Candy laughs and so do some of the other guys. 
Connor is at my other side and they both usher me into a nearby elevator. I look up to see Zack still staring at me intensely as the elevator doors close. A chill runs down my spine as I get the feeling that somehow he knows what's up with me. 
The elevator pops open and we start walking towards the office in headquarters. When we reach the second floor area that is open to below with all of the different offices and shops, my head nearly pops off. Floods of voices fill my brain. It sounds like millions of people yelling in a language I can't understand it’s so jumbled and garbled up I can't make out a single thing. 
"Ohh!" I cry out as I grasp at my head and push my hands over my ears. It hurts so bad and I can't get it to stop. My knees buckle and I feel myself falling but Connor catches me before I hit the floor. He picks me up and runs with me away from the open air area into a much quieter hall. 
"Go get Alec." Connor instructs Claire and I hear her running ahead of us. He finds an empty office and takes me inside. 
He lies me down on the floor out of sight of the windows. "I think this office is empty. Are you sure I shouldn't get the nurse?" He asks looking at me worriedly. 
I shake my head. I feel the tears running down my cheeks because while the headache isn't as debilitating as it was in the main headquarters area, it still hurts horribly. 
"What happened?" Alec demands as he runs to my side and drops to the floor. 
I keep my eyes shut because it's helping with the headache a bit. "It hurts." Is all I manage to say to him. 
"We're going to the doctor." He says while starting to pull me into his arms.
I shake my head and more tears of frustration start to fall through my shut eyes. 
"Look at me Willow." He pushes the hair back from my face and I start to open my eyes to look up at him. I blink away the tears and stare into his eyes. I can't help noticing the dark blue ring that is now outlining the outer area of his once solid emerald colored eyes. I stare into them for several seconds before I notice, all of a sudden, that the headache is completely gone. There is zero pain. I can even hear his inner voice now and it's the most beautiful thing I've heard in a while. "I CAN'T LET ANYTHING HAPPEN TO YOU. I LOVE YOU." 
My heart flutters and my breath catches. I can hear him going through his mind about how worried he was that I was sick but I'm looking better now. Then he thinks about how beautiful I look even with my new bangs. He's intrigued by my eyes and thinks about the change he's noticed in his as well. 
"Are you okay babe?" He asks. 
I nod my head. "Yes, I think so."
"What happened?" He asks. He's stroking my hair back soothingly and it feels so good that if I were a cat I would purr. 
"I have no idea." 
"She doesn't know what's going on with her but some freaky stuff is happening here." Connor says. Claire nods in agreement. 
"Like what?" Alec directs his question towards me. 
I cringe worried that I'm going to sound like a nut job. "I really don't know but it's like I woke up and my eyes looked all crazy and I've been getting these headaches and I can hear what people think." I say it all in one quick breath. 
"What people think?" Alec looks at me as if I made a joke that he didn't quite get. 
"She's not messing around man, she really can hear thoughts. I'm telling you, freaky stuff here!" Connor interrupts, looking completely frazzled. 
I sit up now, allowing Alec to still cradle me somewhat in his arms. I need him to believe me, so I lean in and whisper ever so softly in his ear, "I love you too." I lean my forehead against his for a second as if my brain can transmit to his brain what I'm feeling and what I'm going through. I pull back and look into his eyes and can see instantly that he believes me. 
"Wow." Is all he says out loud, but inside he says, "I LOVE YOU," again and again. He studies my eyes and I hear his inner voice, which tells me that he doesn't find them creepy, but interesting instead. 
"A-hum." Connor breaks up our intimate moment. "GROSS, THAT'S LIKE MY SISTER." I hear him saying inside his head.
"SO SWEET!." Claire says inside her head. 
She playfully shoves Connor for interrupting our moment then she gets right to business. "Is your head feeling better?"
I nod and then move off of Alec's lap and sit cross-legged on the ground. We are now all sitting in a small circle. 
"That's interesting. I guess you have the magic touch Alec." She jokes but I look at Alec as if something clicked. 
"Yeah, it was like the instant I looked into your eyes my headache went away." I say looking at Alec. 
He has a strange expression and I hear him say inside his head, "NO IT 'S NOT POSSIBLE."
"What's not possible?" I ask. 
He looks at me wide eyed and then inside his head I hear him say, "I DON'T KNOW HOW KEEN I AM THAT YOU CAN READ MY MIND." 
I smile up at him. "I don't know how to turn it off yet."
"Okay, well we will have to figure that out. Anyhow, a few weird things have been happening to me today too. I cut myself shaving this morning. I saw myself bleeding and everything. I immediately washed my face off with water and then when I looked up again in the mirror the cut was gone. Like it just vanished." He says. 
"Hmm, maybe it wasn't as bad as you thought it was man." Connor says attempting to lighten the mood.
"I said that to myself this morning too. However, a few hours later I got a nasty paper cut while filing some paperwork. I ran to the restroom and cleaned off all the blood only to find that there was no cut or any type of laceration on my hand anywhere." Alec looks at me and pulls some of the hair back from his forehead. He points to a spot at the top right corner near his hairline. "The freakiest thing of all is this!" 
I look at him confused. "There's nothing there." 
"Exactly! I've had a scar there since I was five years old. I fell out of a tree, or actually I was pushed out of a tree when my friend got mad that I beat him to the top. I scraped my head on one of the branches on the way down and had to get ten stitches to close it up. I've always had that scar…until today." He pushes the pant leg up on his left leg. "And right here, there was a large burn from where I stupidly wore shorts while riding a dirt bike when I was thirteen. My leg had rubbed up against the exhaust pipe and it singed the skin right off." He points to his inner calf. "I have no scars anywhere. They are all gone!" 
He rakes his hand through his hair. “I JUST DON’T UNDERSTAND. IT’S SCARING THE CRAP OUT OF ME.” I hear his inner voice mutter. 
I reach over and take his hand in mine rubbing my thumb across his in a comforting gesture. I bite my bottom lip trying to sift through all this newly discovered information. 
Claire’s been sitting pretty despondent but finally speaks up. “I don’t know what’s going on but whatever it is has to be connected to something you,” she says while pointing to me, “and Alec have done that Connor and I haven’t.” 
I nod my head in agreement, she has a point. I furrow my brow trying to take it all in. Hesitantly, I notice I’m not hearing anyone’s thoughts. That's odd. “Claire,” I begin. “Think of something, like your favorite flavor of ice cream.” 
“Um, okay,” she says aloud. 
I listen expecting to hear something but come up blank. 
“So…?” she implores. 
I shrug my shoulders, “I didn’t hear anything.” I’m not sure if I feel relief or what. My tablet goes off and I let go of Alec's hand so I can check it. 
 " OH, I PROBABLY OUGHT TO CHECK INTO WORK." I hear Claire say in her head. 
"I’M STILL HUNGRY." Connor says inside his. He rubs his belly and I barely contain my laugh. 
"That's so weird. I can hear you all again." I say looking at each of them. 
I look to Alec and he says inside, "THIS IS PURE CRAZI… " I grab his hand and his thoughts are instantly cut off. I let go of his hand again. "WHAT IS SHE DO… " I grab his hand again. 
"Um, are you feeling okay Willow?" Alec raises one of his eyebrows in serious question.
"Yeah, it's just that for some reason, when I hold your hand I can't hear anyone's thoughts but when I let go, I can hear them again. It's like you are buffering them when we make physical contact." 
I move closer to Claire and grab a hold of her hand. "UM, AWKWARD.." She says in her head, while Connor mutters, "THAT’S HOT, " in his. 
"So it only works when I'm holding your hand." I'm staring at Alec now and he looks just as intrigued as me. 
"That's really interesting." He says rubbing his temples as if that could somehow give him all of the answers to what's going on right now.
I look down at my tablet and the calendar reminder is on the screen stating that I have to report to the assembly hall for community service immediately. "I wonder why I don't have work today." I look to Alec.
"As a gift for having such high test scores in our shelter they've given all of the students a second free day. I couldn't find a way to schedule you all to have the same two free days this time." Alec says looking apologetic.
"Not that it would matter anyhow since I have to do community service for the next month." I sigh heavily. 
Claire and Connor look excited. "How long will we be getting two free days?"
"It's indefinite as of right now so don't worry." He smiles a sexy smile.
"Good. Well I have to go, I only have three minutes left, but we will talk more later." I can hear mutters of them feeling sorry for me. 
Alec's is the worst because in his head he wishes he had the community service. He blames himself that I'm stuck with it. I lean in to kiss him goodbye and as if I put in the best earplugs ever made, the entire world goes quiet. It’s just Alec and me sharing a goose bump, tummy fluttering, swoon worthy kiss. 
I pull back and the world goes haywire again inside my head but this time I feel energized and healthy. I no longer feel a pounding headache or the overwhelming exhaustion. I tell everyone goodbye and head out of the room with a spring in my step. I walk, or more so run through the halls towards the assembly room. When I reach the main outer area where the assembly hall is located I try to open the main doors but find them locked. I walk along the hall that surrounds the exterior of the enormous circular assembly room, trying to find a door that's unlocked. I try several but have no luck. I keep walking the perimeter and find myself nearing the end of a large, empty hallway where there is a final set of metal double doors. I presume this is the entrance for the assembly speakers and staff. 
A chill runs up my spine when I hear footsteps behind me. I open my mind to try to hear the thoughts of whoever is approaching but all I hear is dead silence. My heart starts racing as I realize just how deserted this area of the hall is. I turn around slowly to find Zack a few feet behind me. 
"Hey sugar." He calls to me. 
Nausea rolls in my stomach and something about this situation tells me I should get out of it. I remain facing him but start backing away. He chuckles and moves towards me. 
"Um, hey Zack." I say trying to keep the nervousness out of my voice. I stare at him long and hard trying to find a way to read his mind. I need to know what his intentions are and am frustrated to find myself hitting a brick wall when it comes to reading him. 
"So, I'm thinking you and I need to talk." He says in a sly voice. 
He's bridged the gap between us. I step backwards quickly and feel the cool hard surface of the wall hit my spine. I look to the side and realize that I just backed myself into a corner only a few feet away from the door. "Maybe later, I'm late." I say. This time I can't hide the quiver in my voice. 
Zack steps even closer to me now, invading my personal space. He places both of his arms on the wall on either side of my head caging me in. My heart starts beating at rapid speeds and my brain is telling me to run. He leans ever so close, to where his eyes are now only inches from mine. 
He stares at me with this strange intensity that I've never seen before. I don't know if it's the lighting or if it's just me, but it almost appears that the alternating colors of green, brown and yellow that make up his hazel eyes are swirling. "Kiss me." He says in a quietly demanding voice.
My mind goes a little hazy and my eyelids droop. Something in me makes me move ever so closer to him. I look down at his lips and start closing my eyes. I don't feel the same butterflies in my stomach that I get when I'm anticipating kissing Alec. Alec! 
I shut my eyes tight and shake my head. What was I thinking? My muscles tense up as I recoil from him. I move my head back even further against the wall as if trying to make myself one with it. "What the freak? Hell no!" I say loudly.
He looks shocked and I take that instant to push him away and speed towards the door. He catches my arm and pulls me back. 
"What did you just say?" He asks in complete shock.
"I said hell no! What are you thinking Zack? Let me go!" I yell at him while struggling to pull my arm free from his hold. He only grips my arm tighter and I cringe in pain. Realizing that he's hurting me, he releases his grip. Well maybe he's not a total psycho if he's not trying to hurt me. I think to myself but something is really wrong with him.
He pulls me closer to him again. He's got a hold of both of my arms now but he's not squeezing them tight enough to make it hurt. He puts his eyes even closer to mine and tries again. "I said KISS me!" He says each word with such a force that I feel compelled to listen to him. That same sensation goes through me and I start leaning in towards him, my eyes start to close and then bam, I snap out of it again! I turn my head from him. 
He squeezes my arms tightly and then backs away from me laughing strangely. "What is wrong with you?" 
"What is wrong with me? What is wrong with you? Do girls actually kiss you when you do that? I mean, you can't just go up to someone that you've been a punk to and expect them to promptly obey you when you tell them to kiss you." I look at him incredulously. My cheeks heat and my brain reels over the possible reasons as to why I nearly obeyed him. I love Alec. Why in the world would I actually have contemplated kissing Zack, even for a second? I take some deep breaths. I don't want to show Zack just how much he ruffled my feathers. 
He moves closer to me and studies me again. I try to back up and find myself up against the same wall. Stupid wall! 
He pushes my bangs out of my eyes and stares at them with a strange intensity. I find myself somehow frozen for a second but I come to my senses and slap his hand away allowing my bangs to fall back in front of my eyes again. 
"Something is going on with you." He says accusingly. There is no hint that he's guessing; he knows something is up.
"What do you mean?" I ask trying to play dumb but my heartbeat has sped up again and I can hear it in my ears. I would pay a million pennies for this guy's thoughts. Why can't I hear him?
"I mean, your eyes are different and something is going on with you. You wouldn't listen to me. How did you do that?" Zack asks.
"I don't get it Zack, what are you trying to ask? Not everyone has to listen to you." I'm now thoroughly annoyed and a little freaked out. 
"Excuse me." A man clears his throat behind me. "Is there a problem here?" He asks.
I turn around to see an older gentleman in his late forties with greying hair and pale green scrubs standing at the now open doorway to the assembly room. 
I take the opportunity to say, "Yes, I'm Willow Mosby. I'm reporting to community service and this man is bothering me." I point to Zack who gives me a smug look. I wouldn't be so smug if I just got caught harassing someone. 
The old man comes up to where we are standing and gives Zack a stern look. "Are you bothering this young lady?" 
Zack looks into the man's eyes, which instantly glaze over. "No I'm not bothering her. We were just talking." Zack looks at me with a slick smile.
The man turns towards me and shakes his head just a bit. "It sounds like you two were just having a nice chat. Now you need to come inside. You are late for our service rotation. We will have to add an additional week due to this, which will make it five weeks total of community service for you young lady." 
Zack puts his hand on his shoulder and the man turns around again. His eyes glaze over as Zack talks to him. "No, she's not late. Also, today is the last day of her community service. She will have satisfied all terms of it after today. Do you understand?" 
The man nods his head. Zack lets go of him and the man turns back to me. "I bet you are glad to be finished with your community service today. It's time to go in. You of course don't want to be late." 
"Yes sir." I say incredulously to him. I look back at Zack with wide eyes. 
He turns to walk in the opposite direction down the hall. "We'll talk more later sugar." He waves his hand at me and continues walking away.
That may have been the strangest fifteen minutes of my life. I follow the old man into the auditorium to complete my first and last day of community service. 
To my complete surprise, Alec is leaning against the banister looking mighty fine as my community service shift comes to an end. My head is pounding after having to listen to people’s thoughts hour after hour. It wasn't too long after being away from Alec that my mind became susceptible to people’s thoughts again. I couldn’t figure out how to turn it off. Sadly, I’ve notice when people have idle time; it gives them more time to think, which means a bigger headache for me. 
I waste no time jumping into Alec’s arms. He wraps them around me in a comforting hug and plants a soft kiss on my lips. I let out a soft moan as all my aches and pains slip quickly away. My body feels refreshed. It feels like I’ve had a day at the spa, not a day hunched over picking up trash. Alec kisses me softly on the nape of my neck, before placing me gently back down on my feet.
“You are my saving grace, you know that?” I ask Alec. 
A smile fills his face as he stares at me. “Glad to be of service ma’am.” He acts like he’s tipping his hat to me and I laugh. “I figured you’d need me after an afternoon like this,” he says as he sweeps his arm gesturing to the others that are leaving. 
“You have no idea.” I reply. We start walking back towards the commons area. I gratefully hold Alec’s hand as we walk, relishing in the much needed silence. “So, what did you do today?” I ask Alec. 
****
Alec and I eat a perfectly normal dinner together. We part ways a little while later. After a very nice goodnight kiss I head to my room for the night. 
Time to check the mirror! I've been wanting to do it all day to see if my eye has gotten any better. I lean in close to the mirror and brush my bangs out of my left eye. 
Geeze! It's not getting better at all, its only getting worse! The green ring still circles my iris but it looks more pronounced. The red spot is still there and now there's a little bit of dark blue to the right of my pupil. 
Urgh! What in the world is going on with me? Before I lay down for the night I tell myself that if it's not better in a few days, I will go to the doctor.


CHAPTER 14 (Ninety-four days inside.)

My work schedule on Sunday is so busy that I barely get to see Alec at all. They gave me a heavy workload today probably because most everyone is off except me and three other runners. 
When five o'clock rolls around I gladly hand my tablet over to Alec to download my delivery signatures. We are the last two in the office so I sit on top of his desk next to him as he finishes the last of his work. I watch him typing furiously on the keyboard. I don't pay attention to the words being entered on the screen, instead I take the time to study him in a way that you can't do when someone's looking at you. Well, at least not without totally creeping him out. 
His hair is so dark that it nearly looks black on most days. Today, when I look at it just the right way I can see the deep brown and chestnut colors that stand out underneath the light. I also notice that his eyebrows furrow in and his eyes squint ever so slightly when he's concentrating. It's endearing. 
I inch myself closer so I can see more of his eyes. The deep emerald green that he once had is now completely replaced with the most unique shade of navy blue that I've ever seen. It starts out dark, almost black around the outer part of his eye and then fades into a lighter, yet still navy shade of blue as it leads into his pupils. Both of his eyes are completely changed and I wonder why only one of mine has changed. 
Alec turns and catches me staring. He doesn't say anything though. He shuts the computer off and stands up from his chair. He leans in to where I'm sitting on his desk and studies me. 
"What are you doing?" I know I'm blushing and it's possible that I should feel self-conscious but nothing about Alec's stare makes me feel unsure of myself. If anything the look that he's giving me makes me feel beautiful and more confident. 
"I figured if you got to study me for an uninterrupted five minutes then I should get to do the same to you." He smiles. 
"Oh, you saw that?" I push some of my hair behind my ear. 
He nods his head but continues to appraise me. 
My body feels warm and flush and the butterflies are dancing around again in my stomach. The silence is killing me so I decide to break it. "So, what exactly are you studying?"
"Hmm, an exquisite specimen really." He says in his best official scientific voice. 
I crack a smile at his corniness. 
"Yes, her teeth are perfectly white. Her unruly waves have a color that is quite unique, it reminds me of a mix between caramel and toasted coconut."
I giggle. "I'm sure it doesn't taste as good as either of those." 
He pushes his hand through my hair and continues. "Her eyes are almond shaped and one is the most beautiful brown I've ever seen." 
I put my hand up to my left eye knowing that it must look horrible and freakish. 
He pulls my hand away and sets it gently on my lap. He pushes my bangs aside and says, "And the other one is the most amazing mixture of colors that she seems to think is odd but I think it's stunning." He kisses me on my cheek then finishes. "I will conclude my findings with one final appraising statement. Willow Mosby, you are the most breathtakingly beautiful creature that I've ever set eyes on." 
I forget to breath, instead I stare at him stunned yet feeling so loved and more beautiful than I've ever felt before. He pulls me into his arms in a passionate kiss. I stand up and lean into him. I feel as if we aren't close enough. I feel a lightheaded dizziness wash over me as our lips part.
He kisses me on the bridge of my nose and then says, "We better get you something to eat. You've been working your tail off." 
"Sounds good to me." I look up and give him a peck on the cheek before we head out of the office. 
Alec puts his arm around me and pulls me closer to him as we walk. 
“Have you seen Connor or Claire today?” I ask.
He nods his head. “Yeah, I saw them earlier. They were on their way to you-know-where,” he says in a hushed voice since there are a lot of people moving about in the hallway. 
“Ah, I wonder if they found the other part of the cave.” I say in a hushed whisper. 
"I don't know how I feel about that." Alec says in thought. 
I have the same mixed feelings. That place was so special and I selfishly wanted to keep it just Alec and my place. I push that feeling aside knowing that my friends deserve to know about the cave too. "I hear you but if they haven’t found it, we should definitely show them next time we are there." 
"You're right babe. They would totally love it." Alec says as we enter the cafeteria and jump in line. 
After we get our food we end up finding Connor and Claire sitting at our usual spot. They aren’t even touching their food but are talking in hushed whispers. Claire spots me and practically jumps out of her seat to her feet. 
I stop, taken back by her audacity. Claire is such a shy, ‘in the background’ kind of person. I don’t know if I’ve ever seen her jumpy…or is it excited? I can’t tell. “Hey Claire, what’s up?” I barely get the words out of my mouth before I’m dragged by my free hand over to sit next to her. 
Claire squeals with delight. “Guess where we went today?” Claire asks trying but feigning to hide her buoyancy. 
I sit quickly, ready for her to dish it out. 
“We went back to the cave today and found the most amazing place!” 
I share a knowing look with Alec. Not wanting to rain on her parade, I let her continue while acting mildly surprised. “Really? What was it?” 
Claire looks so excited that she just might explode in a few seconds. “We found another cave, it was so cool! It had a big underground spring, but it was a lot warmer. We could even see the sky!" She looks at me in amazed anticipation then continues. "The sunlight came in from above us through this little hole. It was so amazing! I can't believe we actually saw the real sky! It's seems like forever since we've seen outside! I wish you were there!” She takes a deep breath, winded from talking so fast. She then gives me a frown extenuating her last point. 
 I nod my head in response trying to look interested. I hope she doesn’t get mad when I tell her Alec and I have already been there. Claire drones on while I eat. I nod my head every now and then to show her I’m listening. But when I see Candy sitting in a nearby table I can't help but shift my thought focus to Zack. 
His actions yesterday were so unsettling and I can’t put a finger on the extent of my anxious feelings yet. There are too many unanswered questions with Zack. Does he know about my newfound abilities? How on earth did he make that man change his mind about my community service? I think back to the picture I saw so long ago in his room. His eyes are different now than they were in that picture. Could that be correlated to the changes Alec and I are seeing in ours?
My head starts aching again as Claire continues on about the cave. I rub my temples, then I run my hands up over my head bringing my bangs up with it. I should probably tell her we were at the cave earlier, I think to myself. I look up at Claire who has suddenly stopped talking. I soon realize that I must have lifted my mental guard because suddenly I can hear her thoughts. I should stop listening in, but my curiosity wins. 
“WOW, HER EYES LOOK CRAZY WEIRD NOW. IS THERE A HAZEL SPOT IN THEM NOW? YES, IT’S RIGHT THERE! I WONDER IF SHE KNOWS…SHOULD I TELL HER?” 
 “Hazel? What do you mean hazel?” I ask interrupting Claire’s inner monologue. 
“Oh, man. I totally forgot you can do that!” 
I look away in embarrassment. “Sorry Claire. I’m trying to work on that.” 
She pulls her arm around me. “Willow! I know you can’t help it.” She puts her face right in front of mine and talks to me like she would a small child. “It must stink having to hear everyone’s thoughts, well, it’s probably cool sometimes. Well, I don’t know... Just know it’s okay. You’re my best friend, and well, if I had to choose one person that could do that, I’d choose you.” The sentiment in her voice is almost tangible. I smile at her. 
“Thanks Claire bear.” I say back to her. Her face beams. I guess she likes the nickname Connor gave her. 
Suddenly, I remember what Claire just said. My eye has hazel in it now? I look around for a mirrored surface and find my spoon. I pick it up and move into the light just enough so I can see a semi-clear reflection. I move my bangs out of the way and gasp at my reflection. There’s a definite trace of hazel in my eye now. It lines the outer edge of my left eye just outside of the red portion. I look at my other eye and it still reflects the normal brown it’s always been. I compare the two a few more times before looking back at the table. 
Everyone stares back at me, expressions all blank. What do you say when freaky things are going on with your friend anyhow? 
Alec breaks protocol and inches closer to me. He gently pulls my bangs back and tilts my chin up towards the light. "I still just see beautiful." 
I half smile but still feel freaked out. I hadn't noticed the hazel earlier this morning when I was getting ready. This means my eye is getting more and more freakier by the second. “What’s going on with me?” I ask him just above a faint whisper. I’m too terrified to ask anything else for fear he may know the answers. 
“I don’t know, but I'm sure you are fine. My eyes are changing too, so you aren't alone." He tries to comfort me. 
I take a deep breath trying to chill out. I'm scared that tomorrow I will wake up and have another crazy color in my eye or perhaps it will just turn into a freaking rainbow! I know I'm totally setting myself up for a panic attack so I take breath several deep breaths trying to calm myself. 
I look out around the cafeteria and my eyes stop cold when I see Zack. He’s standing about twenty feet away leaning up against a pillar. He gives me a wicked smile, then turns and walks away. I get goose bumps on my arms and an unsettled feeling as I turn back towards Alec. 
“What’s wrong?” He asks me, barely above a whisper. 
“We need to talk.” I reply simply. 
"NO." I hear someone yell in my head.
What in the world? That did not sound like Alec. Alec stares at me like I'm crazy. I look around the cafeteria and find Zack standing across the room near the exit of the cafeteria. 
"DON’T YOU DARE TELL HIM ABOUT ME." He's staring at me boldly now. 
I hear his thoughts loud and clear as if he's talking directly inside my head. How can I hear him? I couldn't hear him before! 
"Are you okay Willow?" Alec asks. He puts his hand on my shoulder as if to steady me. He looks in the direction that I'm staring, but he's too late, Zack has already left. 
I open my mouth but can't think of anything to say. "Um, I think I need to go to the restroom." I feel bad for lying but I'm thoroughly freaked out by now.
"Need me to go with you?" Claire asks.
"No, I'm fine." I say to her. "I’ll be right back." I tell Alec. I give him a quick kiss on the top of his head and head out of the cafeteria. 
"So does his dad know about the two of you? I mean, I would think that a little boss on employee action would be frowned upon." I spin around to see Zack leaning coolly against the doorframe of a nearby office. His blonde hair is spiked up with gel and his hazel eyes stare at me appraisingly.
"What does it matter to you?" I ask him snidely. I throw my hand on my hip to further show him my annoyance. 
"Nothing, I just find it interesting. I wouldn't have pegged you as a 'go against the grain' type of girl." I don't like the way he stares me up and down as he says this. His voice holds a sly, snake-like quality that makes me on edge.
"Look, cut the small talk crap. What exactly is going on with you?" I try to open my mind up to hear his thoughts but once again they are non-existent.
"What's going on with me? I think a better question would be what's going on with you?" He raises his eyebrow and rubs his chin in a questioning gesture. 
I don't like how he plays back the same question I asked him yesterday. I'm finding myself not liking a lot of things about Zack. "Uh-uh. I know something is going on here with you. You obviously don't want me to talk to Alec about what happened today. I'm not one for keeping secrets without a good reason. So spill it." I stand taller trying to look intimidating. 
He laughs which makes my face flush with an angry heat. "You are kind of cute when you get all worked up, you know that sugar?" 
I'm so flustered that if I were a two year old I'd throw myself on the floor in a full-blown tantrum, but I'm not going to do that. Not with Zack especially, because then he wins whatever pissing match this is. I count to ten in my head and then take a deep breath. "Look, I'm not your sugar and if you want me to keep my mouth shut then you'd better tell me exactly why you were able to do whatever you did in the hall yesterday. I've never seen anything like that, it's like you were compelling that man to believe whatever you said. And it worked!" 
"Shhh." Zack looks around. Nobody is paying attention but he grabs me by the elbow and pulls me into an empty office. I look around and see menu boards, a computer and several stacks of paper. I'm guessing the office belongs to someone who manages the cafeteria. He closes the door. My heart starts racing as I remember the last time we were alone. I don't like whatever it is that he does to me. I feel unsafe around him, almost like I can't control myself. 
"So?" I ask him. I put my hands on my hips and tap my foot. We are standing at least ten feet apart but it doesn't seem far enough for me. I step back for extra measure.
"So what?" He asks. 
"Argh!" He's seriously a sicko and is driving me nuts. He's just toying with me and he knows it! He starts moving towards me and I scoot further back until I feel the desk meet up with my lower back. Backed into yet another corner by Zack; he moves to where he's only a foot from me. He stares in my eyes and I move to avert my gaze. I brace my hands back behind me and grip the desk tightly, trying to gain composure. 
"Ouch!" I cry out as something sliced my finger under the desk. A shiver runs up me from the spike of pain and I pull my hand up to examine the damage. A half inch long slash runs along the pad of my middle finger. 
"Are you okay?" He asks, seeing the bleeding. 
"Yeah, something just cut me." I grab a tissue from a box on the desk and hold it against the wound. 
Zack leans down to check the underside of the desk. "Oh, there's a nail sticking out here." 
I lean down to see the sharp pointy nail sticking out. Realizing how close our faces are to each other I pop my head up and nearly hit his in the process. I dart a little too fast across the room. 
Zack looks at me with an amused expression. "Hey, we should probably get that cleaned up. I bet there's a first aid kit in the hallway somewhere." He moves towards me and holds out his hand. "Let me see the damage." He says. 
I shake my head and he walks swiftly to me and stares intensely into my eyes. I can't help but feel a bit hypnotized by the greens, browns and yellows that make up the hazel color of his eyes. An eerily similar hazel to the one that is now in my eye. I surprise myself when I hold my hand out to him willingly. 
He grabs it gently and takes the tissue from me as well. He wipes away at the blood. "What?" He looks back at me incredulously. His hand grips my wrist tighter. 
I look down to see that there is no longer a wound on my finger. I yank my hand back immediately and hide it behind my back. My heart starts pounding double time. How did that heal so fast? That's Alec's thing, not mine! 
"How is there no cut on your finger?" He asks again. He tries to pull my arm from behind my back to examine it and I yank away from him. 
"Hey! Don't touch me." I snarl at him. 
"Look, I know something is going on with you. I can help you if you let me." He says in a voice that is way to calm given the circumstances and my miraculous healing.
I look up at him in surprise. "You can help me?" I barely whisper. I doubt that a guy like Zack can really help me but maybe he knows something about what's going on. I mean, obviously he's got some freaky stuff happening with him too. 
"Yes, I can." He stares deeply into my eyes. "But, I need to know what is going on with you."
Somehow I feel myself believing that he can help me and I show my cards way quicker than I normally would. "I don't know what's going on with me but things are changing." I say still staring into his eyes.
"Like what things?" He asks calmly.
"Like I can do stuff, like I could hear you earlier when you told me not to talk to Alec. I mean, I guess you already knew that, since that's how you told me to keep my mouth shut. But, I can hear everyone's thoughts." Why did I just tell him that? 
"Interesting." He scratches his head as if contemplating the meaning of the universe. "And the healing, you can heal as well?" He asks me. 
I look at him and then pull my hand out from behind my back. I examine it and find that the cut is fully healed. "I guess so." I say shrugging my shoulders. Remembering what Alec told me about his gift and how his scars disappeared, I look down at my arm. Sure enough the scar from the surgery on my arm is completely gone. I withhold that information from Zack of course because I don't trust him as far as I can throw him. 
He uses his finger to lift my chin so my eyes are staring at him again. "Your friends, have they been having these weird things happen to them as well?"
I open my mouth and am about to tell him about Alec but something tells me not to. I struggle hard because half of me wants to answer his question so badly and the other half is sounding the alarms, telling me to shut up. I jerk my head out of his hand and look away. I take a few breaths and then say, "No, it's just me." 
He looks at me speculatively. "Really?"
I avoid locking eyes with him because something about his eyes hypnotizes me. "Really." I say trying to put on my best poker face. "So, what about you? What's up with you?" 
He laughs, "What do you mean?" 
"Seriously Zack? Don't be so coy. I know something is up with you. What is it? Can you hypnotize people or play mind games or what?" I look at him but keep darting my eyes away every few seconds. 
"Hmm, I'm not really sure what is up with me. I just know that I can be very persuasive and people tend to do what I tell them to do." He smiles all cockily. 
I make a fake gagging sound. He looks surprised at my audacity but then laughs. 
"Hey, don't hate me cause I can make you want me." He jokes around. 
"No, whatever it is that you do, it doesn't work on me." I say pointing my finger at him. I keep moving my eyes away from his occasionally because I know that it does in fact work on me, even if just a little. 
He calls my bluff, "That's not what it seemed like earlier today in the hall. It seemed to me like you really wanted to kiss me." 
Ugh, smug jerk. "No, I did not!" I say sounding like a toddler. I clench my hands in fists then say, "Look I need to go. My friends are going to wonder where I am." I turn away from him and head towards the door. 
"Fine, but we aren't through yet. I told you that I would help and I will keep my word. That is, if you want to know what's going on with you." 
I spin around and study him. I don't know if he has any information but I really would like to know what's happening to Alec and me. "How exactly do you propose you could help me?" 
He smiles as if he already knows that he's got me in his trap. "I figure you haven't told Alec yet that your community service is cancelled. Is that correct?" 
I honestly forgot to tell Alec, I wasn't trying to keep it from him. Never the less, I nod, not sure where he's going with this.
"Well, I think we need to start our own investigation. There are some things happening in this shelter that worry me and I think that our new found powers are just the tip of the iceberg. Are you game to play a little Nancy Drew with me?" He raises his eyebrow in anticipation of my response.
I remember reading those extremely old Nancy Drew books when I was twelve. I loved the mysteries and found myself reading through the whole series in a year. "I guess." I say trying to be nonchalant. As long as he doesn't expect to play the part of Ned Nickerson.
"Sounds good. When's your next free day?" He asks. 
I pull my tablet out of the pouch that I have it in on my hip. I slide the power on and pull up the calendar. "I don't ever know for sure but it should be Friday." 
"Friday it is then. Meet me in the hall where you went for community service." He smiles big showing off his pearly white teeth. "You know, the hall where we almost made out." 
I roll my eyes. "Whatever." I say, not giving in to his poke. I turn around to head out.
"Oh and Sugar, don't tell anyone about our little arrangement." Zack calls as I walk out the door. 
I don't respond to him. I just head back towards the cafeteria. 
"There you are," Alec says when I return to the table. "We were getting worried about you. Everything okay?" 
I nod my head embarrassed by my dishonesty. 
He wraps his arm around mine holding me close. All I can think about is how my life is seemingly spiraling out of control and how there's nothing I can do to stop it.


CHAPTER 15 (Ninety-five days inside.)

The next morning, as I'm getting ready for school, I notice my eye is looking increasingly more bizarre. The one eye is still a solid, plain old brown. The other eye is a kaleidoscope of brown interlaced with red, navy and two different shades of green. One of the shades looks remarkably like Zack's hazel eyes. Looking closer in the mirror there is a new color appearing next to the blue swirls. The color is so unique I can't put a name to it. What in the world? I run my hands over my eyes in frustration. It is becoming painstakingly obvious that my eye is a swirl of colors. I'm going to have to think of some other way of hiding this because my bangs are not covering it well enough. I grab my stuff and head out for the grueling two hours of school that lay ahead.
As I'm walking into the classroom I immediately spot Claire waving her hands at me trying to get my attention. "Willow, over here." She calls out as if she's really that far away. 
I walk over to her and squat next to her desk. "Hey Claire, what's up?" 
 She looks at me and points to her left eye. Oh no, I think to myself. I study her eyes and lo and behold there is a purple swirl lining her icy blue eye. It's not overly obvious...yet. I purse my lips not sure of what to say. 
 "What does it mean?" She asks me. 
I shrug my shoulders having no idea what's going on. 
"Places everyone, we need to start on time today. Lots to cover." "OH, HOW MY JOB SUCKS." I smile to myself, glad that Ms. Thomas is just as thrilled as we are to be here. 
"We'll talk later," I say to Claire squeezing her shoulder. 
I find myself getting so bored that I let my mental guard down hoping for some form of entertainment. I hone into the teacher first and listen. I become bored all too soon. All she's thinking about is pharmaceuticals and how they tie in to today's lesson. I look around the room at the other nameless faces. I sense love is in the air as I listen to their thoughts. I scold myself for invading their privacy. 
My eyes land back on Claire who is punching something in her tablet, probably to Connor. Then I see it. My heart practically leaps out of my chest. How else can I describe this but to say Claire's arms have completely disappeared! I run my hands over my eyes and refocus on her again. No, I am seeing clearly! She looks like someone cut her arms off! It's like a bad magicians trick or like that game toddlers play when they run out of the room with their arms tucked in their shirts trying to scare their friends. Quickly, I grab the sweater I take with me on a daily basis since I get cold sometimes, and throw it at her. 
Startled, she turns to me and mouths, "What the hell?" While putting what I'm guessing are her hands up in exasperation. I stare at the sweater and her pencil, which seem to be floating in mid air. All of the color drains out of her face as she realizes her arms are gone. Well, not really gone since she's still able to hold stuff, they are just invisible...or something! 
I motion for her to put the sweater on. She just furrows her brows at me in shock. I keep motioning, hoping she will take the hint. 
"Willow!" Ms. Thomas shouts my name. I whip my head around to find her coming towards me. She stares me straight in the eyes. 
"Please turn around, please turn around..." I whisper over and over again under my breath so quietly, hoping that nobody notices. 
She stops abruptly, looks utterly confused and turns back around. She goes back to the board and begins teaching again, right where she left off. 
My mouth drops open in utter shock. I snap out of it when I hear Claire, "Psst." 
I turn to look at her. Her face has turned an ashen shade of white. She put my sweater on and since it's longer than usual she's able to wrap the cuff over her 'would be hands'. I stare at her in awe. Her arms are still in fact there but we just couldn't see them. How is that even possible? 
Part way through the class Claire starts twirling her fingers through her hair which I've noticed is her tell tale nervous sign. It would be fine but in this instance it looks like her hair is curling around in the air. It's so weird and strange to see her pale blonde locks wrap around what I guess is her invisible finger. 
Connor must have noticed as well because he's just staring at her now, his jaw wide open. 
She looks up at me and notices that I'm staring at her. Her eyes look wide and frightened. 
"Stop twirling your hair." I whisper really low hoping nobody has noticed her yet. I'm not sure if she heard me or could read my lips so I start to send her a text when she abruptly stops. 
I let my guard down to hear her thoughts. "I'M GOING TO STOP TWIRLING MY HAIR. I'M GOING TO STOP TWIRLING MY HAIR." 
I immediately throw my guard back up. I put my head in my hands feeling an anxiety attack coming on. I haven't had one in such a long time, but I'll never forget the feeling. Taking deep breaths I try and focus on the here and now. Ignoring what just happened, I focus on breathing in and then out, in and then out. 
I avoid looking at Claire's arms for the remainder of the class. It's really tripping me out. I have no idea what in the world is going on with us but I know that I need to find out soon. When the bell rings I hop up out of my seat and run to stand in front of Claire's desk blocking her from the view of other people. 
I look down at her and am relieved to see her hands once again. "What was that?" I ask her barely above a whisper. 
Poor Claire looks even more pale than usual. "I don't know." She says while examining her hands out in front of her. She looks unbelievably relieved to see them again. Who wouldn’t? 
"Let's go." Connor says. "We need to find Alec.”
I nod my head and we all get up and head out. I text Alec and find out that he's working through his lunch break. We decide to stop in at the cafeteria and pick up some to-go lunches, then head in to work. 
Alec meets us in the hall right outside of the office. I hand him a sack lunch. 
"Thank you." He says, then leans in to kiss me on the cheek. While the kiss is sweet, I can't help but notice that he's looking kind of stressed out. 
"You're welcome." I say. 
Connor and Claire stand in the background quietly. I'm pretty sure they are at a loss for words. 
Alec gestures for us to go into a nearby empty office. It's the same one that we were in when we first talked about our newfound gifts. 
"So what's up?" Alec asks. 
We all sit Indian style on the floor in a small circle with our lunches laid out before us. I look to Claire to see if she wants to talk but she just stares down at her fingers. Connor looks up at me and I can see the worry masking his expression. I notice something else. I lean in closer to examine his eyes a little better. His eyes have lightened up quite a bit. They used to be so dark that they looked almost black. Now they are mostly brown. Weird. He notices my stare so he darts his head down and starts opening his lunch. 
"Um, are you all going to tell me what's going on?" Alec asks.
I allow a few seconds to see if Claire wants to speak up and when she remains quiet I blurt out, "Claire went a little invisible today." 
Claire looks up at me, her face flushed. 
I lean forward and pat her leg. "Hey, don't be embarrassed lady, you certainly aren't the only person around here who's been having some freaky stuff happen to them.” I pull my bangs away from my left eye and point at it dramatically.
Her lip twitches up just a little but she remains quiet. She's reverting back to the Claire I first met. I wonder if it's one of her defense mechanisms. Almost like she tries to disappear when the focus is on her. How ironic that she could in fact possibly disappear now. 
"That's really strange. Is this something you can turn on or off?" Alec asks Claire. I’m in awe at how calm he looks. 
Claire looks up at him and finally talks. "I don't know." 
"Why don't you try?" Alec encourages. I nod my head in approval. Connor just looks a little freaked out. 
Claire holds her arm out in front of her. She stares at it for a bit, her eyebrows furrow in concentration. Instead of looking at her arm I stare at her eyes. The purple is starting to stand out more boldly. It's a beautiful color, one I've never seen in any eye before. 
I hear Alec gasp and so I look back at her arm. It's gone again.
Claire's eyes water and she looks to Connor with a look of fear. "HE’S GOING TO THINK I’M A TOTAL FREAK." I let my guard down to hear her say in her head. I hear so many other questions going through all of their minds so I close myself off again. It's amazing that I can easily do this now without even needing physical contact with Alec to do so. 
Connor leans forward and wipes a tear away from Claire's eye then grabs her invisible arm with his hand and interlaces his fingers with her unseen ones. "It's okay Claire Bear. We will figure out what's happening to you. To all of you guys." He looks to Alec and I. 
It takes a lot for me to not say 'aww' out loud. My heart is warmed by the affection that they share. 
I lean forward and ask Claire, "May I?" My curiosity has gotten the best of me. When she nods her head I reach over and touch her imperceptible arm. "It feels just like normal." I say in surprise. 
"Well yeah, I mean it's not like it just goes away. It's just you can't see it, that's all." She says really fast. I think that small qualification makes her feel like less of a freak. 
"That's really cool. I wonder if you can do that with the rest of your body." Alec adds. 
"Well, my arm is enough for now. I don't think I can handle much more for today." She gives her arm a concentrated stare and suddenly her arm slowly becomes visible once again. 
"That's really cool babe." Connor says looking a little disappointed. 
"What's wrong honey?" Claire asks him. 
"Nothing." He says then stuffs a bite of his sandwich in his mouth. 
"Come on." Claire urges him. 
He talks with his mouth half full. "It's just, you can turn invisible..." He finishes chewing then completes his thought. "Alec can heal really fast and Willow can hear people's thoughts." He frowns. "I can't do anything cool." 
I laugh. "Correction, I can hear people's thoughts and heal really fast." Everyone looks at me strangely and I realize I never told anyone about my ability to heal. "Yeah, I don't know how but now I can heal myself like Alec does." I hold out my arm for them to see that the scar is completely gone from my surgery. The silence and odd looks they are all giving me makes me uncomfortable so I shift back to what Connor was talking about. "So, you want to be a freak like us?" 
"Y'all aren't freaks. Y'all are like super heroes or something with newfound abilities." He counters. 
"Yeah, maybe we need to find some more of those radio active spiders that have been biting us and hand them over to you." Alec jokes. 
Connor seems a little frustrated, which I personally don't get. He stands up, brushes the crumbs off his scrubs and walks to the corner of the room. He lets out a huff as he takes a seat on an office chair. 
Claire gets up to go try to comfort him but Alec puts his hand on her arm stopping her. "Hey, just let him chill for a second. He's a guy and sometimes when guys feel, well, inadequate they can sulk a bit. He’ll get over it in a second." 
"Ow!" Connor calls out. We all look over at him at the same time and a simultaneous gasp fills the room. I know my jaw must be on the floor but so is everyone else's. I'm staring at Connor who just happens to have landed on his butt with his legs out in front of him as if the chair was pulled out from beneath him. The key factor that makes this scene so jaw dropping worthy is that part of his body is still in the chair. His butt is on the floor but the upper part of his body from his shoulders up are sticking through the chair! 
My brain has no idea how to contemplate this image that makes no sense at all. It's as if the chair is a hologram and he's sticking through it. If I hadn't seen so many freaky occurrences in the past few days I probably would have gone into complete shock. 
Claire is the first to regain her composure and run to him. "Does it hurt?" I can hear the fear in her voice. 
"No, but I need help up." He says. 
Alec and I both head over to where he is. Up close it's even freakier because the chair still looks just as solid as before and so does Connor. He doesn't look invisible or anything. It just looks like part of his body passed straight through it. 
Alec holds his hand out to Connor. He looks a little weirded out but he slowly lifts his arm up through the chair to accept his hand. 
I stand there dumbfounded as I watch Alec help Connor to his feet. Connor's entire body passes through the chair until he's standing right in front of us. 
"Oh my gosh Connor! Stop!" Claire cries out and runs to hold onto Connor around the waist. I look down to see that his feet are sinking into the floor. 
"Crap! What's happening?" Connor yells his legs going further into the floor. 
I worry about Connor falling straight through it so I grab his attention and stare straight into his eyes. "You need to stop right now. You need to become solid again or stop doing whatever it is you are doing that is allowing you to pass through stuff. Do you understand?" I ask calmly. 
"I understand." Connor says stoically then steps up out of the floor and onto solid ground. Well, the ground has always been solid but I guess Connor made himself solid again...or something. 
I'm surprised he listened to me that easily and so is everyone else because they give me a strange look. I shrug my shoulders to act like I don't know what's going on. Deep down I have an inkling this new ability has something to do with Zack. 
"Well I guess you have some powers too babe." Claire says patting him on the back. 
He shakes his head as if coming out of a daze and replies, "Yeah, I guess so." He runs his hands through his hair and then adds, "I don't think I like them very much." 
We all laugh at that, which eases the tension in the room. A thought hits me and I blurt it out. "If Connor was able to pass through stuff, then why didn't your hands pass through him when you helped him up?" 
We all contemplate it a little. Connor answers. "I don't know. Maybe I can control it like Claire can control the invisibility thing. I just focused on their touch."
"We should really work on this and try to see what all of it means." Claire says. 
"Like practice using our powers?" Connor asks.
We all laugh again at him calling these oddities powers as if we are in a comic book. 
"I think that's a good idea." Alec says. "I don't think we should tell anyone about this stuff though. At least not until we figure out what's happening."
Everyone agrees and my cheeks heat. I feel guilty knowing that I have talked to Zack already. I haven't told them about the others though, I tell myself, trying to make myself feel less blameworthy. 
"Maybe we can go down to the cave on Friday. We all have the day off right?" Claire asks. 
Alec looks at me, "Yeah, but Willow has community service." He looks like he still blames himself for my needing to do service.
Man, I feel needles of shame prick my heart. "Yeah, but you should all go and try this out. If I can get out early I'll join you." I lie. My bad conscience justifies it as doing my duty to figure out how all of this is happening. 
"Okay, we better get to work." Alec says while typing something into his tablet. He leans in and gives me a kiss before he heads back to the office. 
The rest of us follow in his footsteps a few minutes later. We still think it's best that the other workers don't know that Alec is fraternizing with his employees. The last thing we need is more attention shined on us. 


CHAPTER 16 (Ninety-nine days inside.)

I walk out of class on Friday to find Alec waiting for me. He hasn't come to my class before so I'm pleasantly surprised to see him. 
"Hey babe." He throws his hand over my shoulder. 
"Hey!" I look up into his eyes, which look impeccably blue. The same color blue as my eyes now show. 
Alec kisses me on my cheek then pushes my bangs out of my eye. "Beautiful." He says softly while staring at me intently. 
I blush under the scrutiny of his gaze. I've been walking around half blind for the past several days ever since my eye has taken on even more freaky shades, including purple. Unlike the changes I've seen in my friend's eyes, mine is only occurring in that one eye. It looks almost like a marble and the colors have swirled together in a strange intricate design. 
It didn't take me long to realize that the colors in my eyes correspond with the new colors of my friends eyes. What I haven't figured out though is why. 
"I wish you could come with us." Claire calls from behind Alec. I gaze over at her and see that she's staring at my eye now too. I consider briefly allowing my shield to go down so I can hear what she really thinks about my eye color but I avoid invading her privacy.
"I wish I could too." I reply. My chest is tight with anxiety. I hate lying but I have to get to the bottom of this. My friends seem to only be exhibiting one newfound ability, but I'm somehow exhibiting multiple abilities. 
I even realized that I have that gift of persuasion or compulsion or whatever the heck Zack calls it. I had asked the lunch lady for an extra dessert yesterday and she gave it to me for free. I know it sounds small and trite but that lunch lady has never given anyone an extra portion of food without charging for it.
"Do you want me to walk you to community service?" Alec asks.
My heart speeds up, that would not be a good idea. Man, I hate lying. "No, I’ll be fine." 
"Do you at least get to have lunch with us first?" He asks.
I think about it. I really would rather get this done with. I don't really feel hungry either; all of this lying has made me lose my appetite. "No, they will have sacked lunches there." 
"Okay. I’ll see you tonight at dinner then?" Alec looks hopeful.
"Yep! I want a play by play run down of all of the amazing comic book worthy stuff you guys do." I smile. 
"Deal." Alec leans in and gives me a kiss before we part ways. 
I find Zack leaning against the wall in the isolated hallway that leads to the assembly room. He turns to smile broadly at me when I start approaching. Zack is way too slick for his own good. His boyish good looks and big smile make him seem like a mix between a High School quarterback and a magazine model. 
"Hey sugar." He drawls. 
"I think you need to stop calling me that." I cross my arms over my chest feeling slightly annoyed. 
"Why? Don't you like terms of endearment?" He raises his eyebrow at me.
"Look Zack. I'm not your ‘sugar’ so I prefer you don't use that term on me. We’re not really friends or anything. This is a business arrangement and we are just working together this time to try and get some questions answered." I hope I've made myself really clear and have drawn that line in the sand for him.
"Hmm, okay." He moves closer to me then stares into my eyes. I swear that the colors, which make up his hazel eyes are moving around like clouds in a churning thunderstorm. He says slowly, "I can call you sugar." 
I cock my head at him then say in a monotone robot like voice, "You-can-call-me-sugar." 
He gives me a questioning look and I bust out laughing. I know it might seem sick but I get a bit of pleasure when I see his cheeks heat for once. He looks annoyed. 
"Don't try that compulsion crap on me anymore. Are we clear?" I say. "Because it doesn't work." I flash my teeth and give him a prideful smile.
"We'll see." He says to which I just roll my eyes. No use trying to fight with him. After all, boys like Zack must always think they are right. 
"Oh, by the way, I have a present for you sug...Willow." He pulls a small white box out of the front pocket of his scrubs shirt and hands it to me. 
I accept it a little nervously looking down at it. "What is it?" I ask. Visions of strange jewelry and inappropriate gifts flood my mind. 
"Open it and find out." 
I open up the flip top of the box slowly and see several small colored contacts. "Ah! Genius!" I exclaim. 
"I figured this would make it to where you could stop wearing your hair in front of your face. You do look a little ridiculous after all." He pokes. 
I look back down at the contacts ignoring his off handed insult. “Um, I’m not sure I know how to use these. No one in my family wears them.” 
Zack takes the box from my hands. “Here,” he says. “I’ll show you.” He walks over to one of the single person bathrooms along the wall and opens the door. He turns the light on and looks around making sure the coast is clear. He ushers me in, closes and locks the door. “Here, have a seat.” He says, gesturing to the toilet. 
“Eww, seriously?” I question. 
His look gives nothing away. He puts the toilet seat down with his foot and takes ahold of my shoulders to sit me down. I squirm a little under his gaze. He hands me back the box of contacts and proceeds to wash his hands. “These contacts are special. You see, they don’t need any contact solution like they used to. And, you can use them for up to thirty days at a time. Then you dispose of them and get a new pair.” He dries his hands with paper towels and turns back towards me. He takes the box from my hands and reaches inside and grabs a pair of contacts. He holds them up to the light and looks back at me. “Yep, I picked just the right color.” 
My cheeks blush. It seems so intimate that he'd know my eye color that well. 
He opens the package and balances a contact on the tip of his finger. “Lean your head back and hold still.” 
I do as I’m told. With one hand he holds my eye open so it’s unable to blink; with the other hand he gently places the contact on my eye. The urge to blink is so strong but I fight it. 
“Just give it about five to ten seconds for the glue to dry, then you can blink,” he says. He lets go of my eye and my lashes blink rapidly. I furrow my brow. It feels like something is actually in my eye…like an eyelash or something. I go to rub it, but Zack stops my hand. “Whatever you do, don’t rub it for at least an hour. You’ll get used to it; don’t worry.” 
I nod my head at him and stand up. I go to the mirror by the sink and move my bangs aside. My eye is a little blurry but already I can tell how much better it looks. “Wow, it looks…normal.” 
I see Zack’s reflection in the mirror and he looks mighty pleased with himself.
Suddenly the handle to the bathroom begins to jiggle followed by a loud banging on the door. I whip around and stare at Zack, wide eyed. He puts his finger to his lips and moves me by my shoulders to the corner by the sink. He walks back over to the door and opens it, releasing the lock. 
“Hey man,” some guy says. “I really need to go.” 
In that eerie voice Zack uses for compulsion he says to the man. “This bathroom’s closed. The only one available is the one on the fourth floor, behind the cinema.” 
I gasp slightly and put my hand over my mouth. It’ll take that poor guy at least fifteen minutes to get there. Ten if he runs. Zack slowly pulls the door closed and rearms the lock. I can’t help it, I bust out laughing. Zack’s eyes light up and I say, “I shouldn’t be laughing you know. That wasn’t very nice.” 
Zack tries to stifle a snicker. “What can I say?” He shrugs his shoulders. “Is it feeling any better?” He asks me, changing the subject. 
I nod my head. “Yeah, it’s just going to take some getting used to.” 
“Good,” he says and then pauses. “I’m going to make sure the coast is clear, then you can follow me out, okay?” 
“Okay,” I respond. Do I really have a choice not to trust him? 
Zack opens the door quietly and peers around it. After a few seconds he motions for me to come along beside him. 
Once we’re safely in the hall I say rather meekly, “Thanks for doing this for me.” My guard around Zack is beginning to falter. He still seems sly and snake-like; but now, it’s like there’s another layer under him. Like maybe he really is nice and caring once you peel off that outer layer. 
“Don’t mention it,” he says while looking both ways. He grabs my hand and hurries to the other side of the hallway. I don’t even have a chance to protest before he lets go again. He takes his tablet out of his satchel, places it next to the wall and begins punching numbers in. It looks like he’s scanning the wall…but why would he do that? I hear a click as something releases and I watch in amazement as the wall opens up revealing a hidden hallway. He grabs my hand and pulls me in with him and closes the …wall? I don’t know if I should even call that a door. 
“Um, Zack, what the hell was that?" I say trying not to yell. 
He gives me a sly smile. “That,” he says extenuating the word, “was something you,” he pokes me with his index finger, “were not supposed to see.” 
I swallow hard and nod my head. I place my fingers up to my lips and pull them across imitating a zipper. 
That must satisfy him because he turns and begins walking up the steep hallway. There is dim lighting coming from the ceiling. Some of the lights flicker like they haven’t been on in a while. They emit a slight buzzing noise putting me on edge. 
“Hey Zack, would you mind telling me where we’re going?” I ask a little out of breath from the climb. 
He doesn't answer me.
I don't like not knowing what's going on and I have a sinking feeling inside my stomach like something is out of place. Is it really safe for me to be in a secret hallway with this guy? I’m like putty in his hands here. I could scream but it’s painfully obvious no one would hear. Having no choice but to follow the leader, I stay one step behind him and remain silent. We walk a little further up the twisting pathways until we come to a steel door with a small keypad adjacent to it. 
Zack reaches his hand up to press in the code but stops abruptly, turning to me. “Do you mind?” He asks. 
“Oh,” I say. “Sorry, sure.” I turn around and listen to seven numbers being typed in followed by a quiet beep after each. The door releases and I turn around. Zack is already halfway through the doorway so I follow behind him. 
Inside is a large lab. It looks like something from a movie; with all the twisting tubes and smoke billowing out of glowing beakers. The room is illuminated in a dull blue light. As if on cue, Zack chimes in answering my unasked question. “This is my father’s lab. You might know him.” 
“Oh?” I ask, suddenly curious. Why I would know his dad puzzles me. 
“Dr. Hastings?” He asks it in more of a question than a statement. 
Suddenly, I’m at a loss for words. His dad is Dr. Hastings? “Dr. Hastings, as in the leader of this entire facility?” 
He gives me a sinister look and turns away. “The very one.” He says, not giving anything away in his voice. I guess that explains his living arrangements and the fact that he doesn’t have to work. 
Zack walks through the lab like he’s been here a thousand times before. He starts checking on beakers, swirling different fluids around. 
I begin to relax, just a little, and browse around. “So, what does your dad do in here?” I ask rather curiously. 
Zack pauses and looks up at me. “You really want to know the answer to that?” 
I think for a second. “Yeah, why not?” 
Zack lets out a huff of air. He seems more amused than irritated. Zack drones on about his dad being in charge of the vaccinations that were given to each of us when we entered. 
I lose interest when he starts talking about durable immunological responses. I run my hand along the shiny stainless steel countertop. Spotless. My eyes land on a file as I peruse around. I look down at its label: Immunizations. It's the same file I saw Dr. Hastings leave Alec's office with. I open it and find a large stack of paper, held together with a heavy duty staple. I scan over the papers, which consists of a very long list of names and other scientific mumbo jumbo. I scan it briefly and one name jumps out at me, my fathers! My eyes dart over to Zack who is still lost in his own world. I don’t waste a second longer as I slip the stapled list inside my satchel, careful not to let Zack see or hear what I’m doing. I button it back up praying he didn’t notice. 
“…So, all in all, my dad and I tested different strands trying to see if we needed a monovalent or a multivalent Vaccine. We settled on a polyvalent hoping it could fight off more than one antigen.” 
He looks over at me and I nod my head feigning understanding. He lost me at Dr. Hastings. 
Who would have guessed that Zack was so scientific? "Um, cool." I scratch my head and then add, "So, what does this place have to do with our new abilities?" 
He looks thoughtful. "My dad hasn't always been very forthcoming about his studies so I figure it wouldn't hurt to do a little snooping. You never know what we could find." 
"He's not forthcoming yet he allows you access to his 'secret' lair?" I ask quizzically.
"Yes, I help him here on occasion. I've had access to this lab since before this shelter opened its doors." 
"But you think he might be hiding something here?" I ask.
"You never know. We needed a place to start." He heads over to one of the lab tables and grabs a needle and a few vials. "Plus, I want to take some blood samples." He brings the needle over to me and grabs my arm.
I yank it back from him. "I don't think so!" I stare back and forth at his eyes and then at the needle. 
"What's your problem; scared of a little ol' needle?" He prods.
I roll my eyes. "No but I don't really see the point in you taking my blood. After all, who exactly will be able to process the blood work? Don't tell me you know how to do that too." 
"I actually do. I know someone who is better at it than I am though and I was going to ask for their help." He gently grabs my arm again. I look up into his eyes as he adds, "It will be fine. I will have them look at mine too and won't tell the person who the samples belong to." 
I don't jerk my arm back this time for some strange reason so he takes that as a sign of my compliance. He swabs my arm with alcohol and applies a tourniquet to my upper arm. Slowly, he sticks the needle in and I watch as my blood fills the vial. He takes three different tubes worth of blood then labels them with a letter A. He grabs a new needle and three new vials, then repeats the process on himself. He labels those with the letter B. 
"So, who are you going to ask to help?" 
"I think the less you know about that, the better." Zack disposes the needles and then carefully puts the vials in his satchel.
I have a strong suspicion that he's keeping something from me but I don't push it. I can tell that he's not going to give me a name and the way I see it, it doesn't really matter. We could use any information we can get our hands on and frankly I'm mighty curious to find out if anything unique shows up in our blood samples. 
"Can you think of anything at all that could have triggered the beginning of your abilities?" Zack asks. 
I know that it all started when we were in the cave. I don't know if it was the water or possibly something in the cave that ignited it. I can't tell Zack about it though because then I'd have to disclose our secret place and tell him whom I was with. "I really can't think of anything out of the ordinary that would have brought it on. How about you? When did you start displaying the um, symptoms?" 
He seems annoyed that I directed the question back at him. "It's been a little while now." He answers vaguely. 
"And did you do anything unusual that could have sparked the change?" I ask.
He answers a little too quickly, "No, not that I know of." 
I guess that's how it's going to be. We will both keep our secrets. This will make it harder to draw a connection to whatever ignites the abilities, but I don't yet feel like I can trust Zack with this information. 
We hear a beeping sound on the other side of the keypad as numbers are being typed in. 
"Crap, hide Willow." Zack runs to the door. 
I look around frantically trying to find a hiding spot. Zack gets under a desk and looks at me with worried eyes as the door lock clicks. I'm still standing there out in the open. Zack seems to be looking right through me as the door opens and Dr. Hastings walks in. 
I find myself frozen in place, like in one of those horrible dreams where you are paralyzed by fear and can't move. My heart starts pounding so loudly that I am sure Dr. Hastings will hear it before his eyes lock onto me. 
Dr. Hastings closes the door and stares right through me before heading to his computer.
What? He looked right past me as if I weren't here. I look down at myself and realize that I've gone invisible. I don't know how I did it, but even my clothing all the way down to my shoes has disappeared with me. I would assume that anyone who went invisible would be able to at least see their own bodies even if others can't. That's not the case though. I hold my arm out in front of my eyes, which work just fine despite the invisibility. I can feel my arms and even feel the muscles that I use to lift them but I can't physically see them. Cool! 
I tiptoe over to check on Zack. He's pretty well hidden under the desk and he's running his hand through his blonde hair out of worry. I head over to check out what Dr. Hastings is up to. I walk by one of the lab tables and accidentally nock over a small test tube. I cringe as it rolls off of the table and crashes onto the floor. 
I stand frozen in place as Dr. Hastings turns and looks directly at me. He starts walking towards me and I open my mouth to explain but I close it quickly when he reaches the table, bends down, picks up the test tube and sets it back in its place. He looks around a little then heads back to his computer. 
I follow him, careful this time not to knock anything over. I steal a peak over his shoulder. The screen is full of a whole bunch of nonsense that looks like a mathematical equation. He types in some sort of formula before he logs off. He turns around so suddenly that I have to jump out of the way to keep from having him run smack dab into me. I hold my breath while he slowly makes his way out of the lab. I breathe a sigh of relief once we are in the clear. 
Zack calls out, "Willow?" 
There's a decision to be made here. I could show him yet another newfound power of mine or I could hide it. I decide on the latter. I crouch down behind the lab table and focus my mind on making myself visible again. I stare at my arm, which slowly comes into focus. Once I check that all my limbs are present and accounted for, I jump up from behind the lab table. "Wow, that was close!" I say wiping my forehead dramatically. 
"Yeah, I think we should leave now." He says. If he suspects something, he gives nothing away.
I nod my head and follow him out of the lab. 
“So,” I say while leaning back on my heels. “I guess I better take off. My friends are probably wondering where I’m at.” 
I watch to gage Zack’s reaction but he seems calm, a little too calm if you ask me. “Sounds good,” he replies. “I guess I’ll see you next week…same time, same place?” 
I nod my head in response and turn to leave. I pull out my tablet and text Alec to find out where he is. I'm surprised when he immediately texts back and says he’s in the library. I didn't expect him to have his tablet on him since he made plans to go to the cave today with Connor and Claire. 
I prod him a bit by text as I walk towards the library and find out that he felt too much like a third wheel and begged out on the practice day. Once again I feel that guilt make its way back up into my heart knowing that I very well could have joined them. 
A few moments later, I find Alec sitting in the corner of the library on one of the couches reading a book. He has several stacks of reference material surrounding him. Curiosity gets the best of me as I saunter over. He doesn’t see me approach so I place my hands over his eyes. “Guess who?” I ask playfully. 
 A smile creeps from his lips. Suddenly he grabs my arms and pulls me down in a cradled position in his lap. He envelops me in a way-to-passionate-kiss-for-public, but I don’t care. His lips are warm and inviting and I melt into his arms. All too quickly he releases the embrace and sets me in the seat beside him. I blush as I see an audience of people staring at Alec and me. I turn my attention back to Alec and peak at the book he has propped open in his lap. 
"Whoa, your eyes are back to normal." Alec stares at me amazed.
I am startled at first before I remember the contacts. "Oh, I found some contacts." I say.
"You found contacts?" He asks. 
"Um, well, more so I stole contacts." I hate lying because when you tell one lie you end up having to tell a hundred lies. "I saw them in another girls satchel. She was at the community service. I took them." 
"What? Did she notice?" He asks looking worried. 
"No, I don't think so." I let my hair fall back in front of my eyes feeling extremely uncomfortable. I switch subjects as fast as possible. "So, today I went invisible." 
He gives me a stunned expression. "Like Claire invisible?"
I nod my head. "Yep, it's crazy right?" 
"It's cool. I mean, I have absolutely no idea how you are picking up multiple gifts, but I think it's pretty awesome." He says sincerely.
"I'm not sure how awesome it really is. It's going to take a little getting used to. I'm turning into something straight out of an X-Men comic book and I have no idea how or why."
"Those X-Men girls are pretty hot so you would fit in quite nicely." He studies me from head to toe and whistles.
I can't help but blush. Averting the attention I ask quickly, “Whatcha reading?” 
It looks like a bunch of tables and diagrams, definitely not a ‘for pleasure’ kind of read. He pinches the bridge of his nose. He must have been at this for a while. His eyes show strain with small bags forming beneath them. 
I reach over and grab his hand in mine and give it a squeeze. He kisses the top of my head before talking. “I’m just trying to figure out what is causing all of us to exhibit these ‘abilities’ if that’s what you call them. I’ve been in here most of the morning studying the vaccinations over the past few years. I’m going over the research but it’s written so scientifically that I have to use a dictionary to even be able to read the manuscripts. It seems like I’ve been here forever and am getting nowhere, like I’m walking in circles.” 
I give his hand another squeeze. “I might have something that may help and it may not, I’m not sure. I found this while doing my community service today.” I feel so guilty for lying to Alec, but I feel if I tell him the truth I may endanger him. Lord only knows what Zack is capable of doing. That single thought sets me on edge. I move to my satchel and pull out the stapled papers I swiped back at the lab and hand them to Alec. 
Alec takes them from me and looks them over flipping the pages back and forth. “Do you know what this is?” Alec asks me. His tone is one of wonderment and awe. 
I shake my head. “I didn’t know what it was, but I picked it up because my dad’s name was listed on the front page. I guess my curiosity got the best of me.” I shrug my shoulders trying to make it seem like no big deal. Alec continues to flip the pages back and forth. 
Finally, after several minutes of flipping, he turns to me. “These are the vaccinations records…I think,” he whispers. "You found these?" He studies me.
I nod my head and he seems to believe me. What reason does he have to think I'm lying after all? Great, another knock out delivered to me by my good old friend: guilt. 
I furrow my brow and change the subject. “Okay, so what is the significance?” I haven’t been able to connect the pieces yet, but it looks as if Alec has already done just that. 
He gives me a polite, excited smile. “If you flip through these pages you can see that not everyone received the same vaccine. Do you have a pen?” He asks flippantly. 
I dig into my satchel and find a pen. “Here,” I say and hand it to him. 
He removes the staples from the paper and begins scanning the list again. He circles his name, Connor, Claire and my name on the list. The numbers next to each of our names apparently indicates the type of vaccination we received upon arrival. We all have different numbers next to our names. He looks up at me. “I’m not sure if that makes sense. If the vaccinations are to blame for our abilities, then why do you have multiple abilities?” 
I shrug my shoulders. “It’s over my head. I can’t seem to make the connection.” 
Alec runs his hands over his face thinking intently. “You only got the one vaccine right?” 
I scan my mind looking for the answer. I only remember them giving me the one vaccine…and then my brain makes a connection I hadn’t made before. My face goes pale as the blood drains from it. 
Alec gives my shoulder a slight shake. “Willow, what’s wrong?” 
I take a few deep breaths preparing myself for the explanation to follow. “When I was first in the exam room, after I had got the vaccination I went into my brother’s room. He was rejected,” I say barely above a whisper. Alec pulls me into a hug and urges me to continue. “I couldn’t bear the thought of them possibly giving the red shot to my baby brother so I took the red serum syringe and hid it in my hospital gown. The thought of that shot getting into the wrong hands….it just scared me.” I take a deep breath and continue finding comfort in Alec’s touch. “After we went to the dressing room I had to change into the new clothes; the lady startled me and I ended up poking myself with the needle. I wasn’t sure if any of the serum got into me but it very well could have. Even just a trace amount.” I breathe a sigh of relief. "It feels really good to be able to share that burden with someone else. I guess at the time it scared me so much I didn’t want to tell anyone. I thought that if I didn’t speak or think about it, it would just go away. Really though, I don’t know if that has anything to do with it, but that’s my best guess."
I watch Alec’s face as he contemplates what I just said. His eyes crinkle as he tries to piece the situation together. “Well, for what it’s worth, I’m glad the red serum didn’t harm you like they said it would. The thought of not having you in my life is unbearable. You make this…” he looks to the air to find the words. “…this shelter that we live in, this situation we have been placed in, much more enjoyable. I find it exceptionally exciting when you’re around. It’s like you breathe life into me, allowing me to relax and let go. Let go of any worries or anxieties that I have and just…just be.” 
Having Alec share this with me makes my heart soar. I had no idea the effect I had on him was this strong. But, truth be told, I would have to say I feel the same way. Sure, I have Connor and Claire, but Alec is different. Alec is like my rock in this place. The foundation I need to keep my time here not only bearable, but meaningful and peaceful as well. I give his hand a squeeze. “I could never have summed up my feelings as well as you just did. You are an anchor for me here and I'm so grateful to have you in my life.” I say with a shy smile. 
Alec's eyes brighten with my sentiment. He kisses me gently on the lips. 
"Okay enough of the mushy stuff; get back to work." I joke. 
He goes back to looking at the papers scanning over them again. “I’ll have to do a bit more research and see if I can find any other connections. But, thank you Willow, for telling me about that red serum. I know that must be hard to talk about.” 
I nod my head. I know that if I say anything more, painful memories of my brother will have to be relived in my mind, so I push the thoughts aside deciding to live in the here and now. 
"Oh." I say when a question springs into my mind. "If everyone had vaccinations then how come we are the only one's showing symptoms?" 
"I've been pondering that too. The only thing I can think of is the cave perhaps. I mean it wasn't until then that we started showing the changes. Maybe it was something in the water." Alec guesses.
I doubt Zack found the cave but I keep that information to myself for now. "Perhaps. By the way, how many different vaccines are on that list?" I ask scanning over the numbers next to the names. 
Alec flips through the numerous pages. "I only see ten." 
"Wow, I wonder if it really is the vaccines that have caused the powers or if it's something else. I find it hard to believe that everyone in here has a latent power now lurking in their systems waiting to be unleashed. It just doesn't make sense at all." I think out loud.
"I hear you. That would be total chaos at best. It's very possible that the vaccinations don't have anything to do with these changes, but it's the only semi-logical thing I can come up with. It's an easier pill to swallow than radio active spiders or magical stones." He massages his temples. "I think my brain is fried." 
I move to sit back on his lap. "Aww, poor thing. We will have to fix that." I say with a big smile before I lean in and kiss his headache away. I follow it up with a light kiss on his forehead. "Better?" I ask.
"It might just need a little more mending." He says with a crooked grin. "What do you say you and I ditch this place and spend the last half of the day together." 
"Sounds like a brilliant plan to me." I smile. We put away the books and I tuck the list back into my satchel and head out. 
We decide to check out a movie and we end up watching some goofy vampire horror flick that makes us laugh. The special effects and acting were mediocre at best but it provided us plenty of cheesy lines to make fun of. After the movie we grab a bite to eat for dinner and then Alec walks me back to my room. 
"Night." Alec says. 
My back is pressed up against the door as he leans in to kiss me goodnight. "Eek." I screech as I fall backwards into my dad's arms. He opened the door so suddenly that neither Alec nor myself could keep me from falling backwards. My cheeks heat and I know my face must be hot pink or something close. Awkward!
My dad sets me back on my feet. "Hello Alec." He says a little icily. My dad likes Alec but I know that he certainly doesn't want to think of him kissing his little girl. 
"Hello Mr. Mosby. Um, I was just escorting Willow home." He stammers. 
"Mmhm. How often exactly do you escort my daughter home?" My dad interrogates.
"Dad, be easy on him. He was only doing the honorable thing." I say trying to save Alec.
"Oh, making out with my daughter in the hallway is the honorable thing?" He eyes the two of us. 
"Dad!" My eyes widen in embarrassment. 
"I'm sorry Mr. Mosby." Alec looks clueless on how to respond to my dad's prompt. 
My dad breathes out a long breath then says, "You are respecting my daughter, right?" 
"Yes sir, very much sir. I mean, I respect her very much sir. And you. I respect you too, sir." Alec stutters. 
"Good. Well have a goodnight." He shoos Alec away. 
Alec looks at me a little torn but I smile and say, "Goodnight." He gives me a sweet smile and then gladly retreats from this intensely awkward situation. 
I turn to my dad. Any normal teenager would start a fight with their parent after being embarrassed in such a way. I open my mouth but close it quickly when I notice just how tired he looks. I rarely see him due to his intense schedule and I don't like what I'm seeing. He looks much older than he did when we first entered the shelter. His hair is more than fifty percent grey and his eyes look worn out and exhausted. His shoulders are slumped just enough to soften away all of my teenage angst. "I'm sorry dad." I say.
His look softens and he says, "Lets go inside honey." He looks down. My satchel must have crashed to the floor during my fall. My tablet and the paperwork I stole lies face up. My heart starts accelerating as he leans down and picks up my stuff. I try to take it back from him before he can look at it but I don't get the chance. He glances over some of the names and then quickly ushers me into the room and shuts the door. "What is this?" He waves the paper in the air and a look of deep concern lines his face. His eyes don't look tired anymore; they look wide and alert.
"Um, I found it?" I end up phrasing it like a question instead of an answer. 
"Sit." He points towards the one chair that is in our room. I take a seat feeling like a child put in the corner. I watch as he flips through the papers. "Where did you get this?" He asks. 
My brain thinks through what to say. Should I lie or tell the truth. Do I involve my dad in this mess or not? I want to protect him because he certainly doesn't need any extra stress. I open my mouth to make up a lie and am cut short. 
"Truth Willow." He says cutting me off at the pass. 
I look from side to side and then mutter, "Dr. Hastings lab." 
His eyes nearly bulge out of their sockets. "Dr. Hastings lab? What in the world were you doing there?" He stares me down and adds, "I want the truth young lady and I want it now."
I accidentally let out a laugh. His eyes narrow at my outburst. "Sorry, it's just a long story dad." 
"I have all night." He sits down on the edge of his bed to listen. 
I sigh and realize that I have to tell my dad what's going on. I owe it to him. He is my family and his name is on that list. Plus, maybe he can help. I run through everything with him from the cave to the powers and then end with my under cover work that I've been doing with Zack. I even tell him about my eyes and the contacts. I wish I could show them but I don't know how to take the contacts out. When I'm done talking I feel relieved. I look up at my dad who has been silent the whole time. He has a strange pondering look on his face. 
"Honey, you know that I always believe you right?" He asks.
"Yes." I say wondering where he's going with this. 
"I believe you now but I have to say that I'm struggling a bit with the whole super power thing. It doesn't make sense Willow. Maybe you imagined it?" He says. “I WISH HER MOM WERE HERE. I DON’T KNOW WHAT TO DO.”
"She's not here dad and I need you to believe me." I say. 
He looks at me incredulously. "You heard that?" “NO, I MUST BE GOING CRAZY. THIS ISN’T POSSIBLE.”
"It is possible dad and you aren't going crazy." I study him and decide he might need a little more convincing. I haven't tried out Connor's super power yet so I decide now is as good a time as any. If it’s anything like the others it is all about concentration. I take my index finger and place it on the middle of the desk. I concentrate as best I can and slowly I watch my finger sink into the desk. Weird! It doesn't feel like I'm moving through anything. The desk just feels like air, or maybe it's my finger that feels like air. I plunge the rest of my hand through the desk. I giggle when I see it sticking out at the bottom. "Freaky." I say aloud. 
"Oh my gosh." My dad says. I look up to see him hovering over me. He touches the desk and sees that it's not a magic trick or an illusion. "Okay." My dad says a little shaky. "I believe you. Can you please pull your hand back out. It's freaking me out a bit." 
"Oh sure." I pull my hand out quickly and place both my hands in my lap. 
My dad runs his fingers through his hair and pulls a little at it. "This is impossible. I don't know how..." He starts pacing the room. I watch patiently as he makes a few laps. He stops mid stride and turns towards me. "Okay Willow. Tell me what, um...abilities have you been noticing?" 
Relieved that he isn't labeling me as a total nut job I answer. "So far I can read minds, heal myself, go invisible, pass through objects and I can convince people."
"Convince people?" 
"I'm not sure what to call it. It's like I can tell someone to do something and if I concentrate just right they will listen. It's like I can hypnotize them or something but I don't use a watch or an object to put them under." I qualify.
"Compulsion. This is truly amazing Willow." A look of question pops on his face. "Wait, you haven't used this on me have you?"
I feel a little hurt but I understand his need to clarify. "No, I wouldn't do that dad. I try not to use any of this stuff. When I got each power it was hard for me to control it but after a day or so I can manage to turn it off and only use it if I have to." 
"I'm sorry I asked. I love you and I know you wouldn't do that." He sits back down on the bed. "Why do you have this list?" He holds up the papers.
"I saw our names on it and I just grabbed it. I didn't know if it had anything to do with what's happening with me." I say.
My dad scans through it all. "These are the immunizations?"
"I believe so." I say.
"You think this has to do with your abilities?" 
I nod my head. 
"Well, I guess it's as good of a guess as any." He takes the list and hides it under his mattress. "Have you told anyone else about this?" 
I shake my head. "Alec, Connor, Claire and Zack know." I add, "I'm the only one who knows about Zack though. I haven't told my friends about him and I haven't told Zack about their powers either."
“There are others?” He asks looking at me with a fixated stare. I nod my head. “That’s what we were doing tonight…trying to figure out why we’re exhibiting these symptoms when others aren’t.” He rubs the tip of his chin in thought.
"Smart girl. I don't like you working with Zack at all though. I don't trust his dad and I don't think the acorn fell far from the tree in that family." He says. "I will do some digging of my own for you. In the mean time, try to lie low." 
"Okay." My heart feels relieved knowing that he believes me and is going to help. I catch on a moment later to what he just said. "You know who Zack is?"
He nods sadly. "Yes, I know Dr. Hastings son. That family is up to no good. There's a lot of rumors going around about some past trouble they got into. I don't like any of it and I don't want you mixed up with that kind of people." 
"I understand." I say not confirming or denying that I will spend any more of my time investigating with Zack. I already knew that Zack and his family seemed untrustworthy. Now, with my dad's warning, I will be even more vigilant. 
"I love you." He comes over and places a kiss on the top of my head. "Everything is going to be okay." It still astounds me how easy he is handling this. I would have expected more of a show; perhaps hysterics or fainting…something. 
"Thanks dad." I say. I believe him. We can figure this out. 
"Try to get some sleep honey." My dad says.
"What about you? Aren’t you going to bed?" I ask.
"No, I think I need to look into a few things first." He helps me out of the chair, gives me a hug and then leaves the room. 
My mind is so wound up that it takes me what seems like an hour to turn my mind off enough to fall asleep. 


CHAPTER 17 (One-hundred days inside.)

I get a surprising message on my tablet when I wake up the next morning. I've been given another free day. I rarely ever get two free days in a row. The sleuth of texts that follow up that notification let me know that my friends are off as well. 
Since I didn't make plans to snoop around with Zack I tell my friends that I was given a day off from my community service. We text a little more and then agree to meet at breakfast to discuss our plans for the day. While my suspicions are rising as to why I keep getting free days I don’t question it too much. I mean, to work or have a day off…is it really a question?
I quickly throw on a pair of purple scrubs and take a look in the mirror. Leaning in closer I check out my eyes. They are brown but not the same brown that I was born with; the contacts have altered them to look a little darker. I don't know if it's the contacts or what, but I look a lot older than sixteen. I know that inside I feel older too. I've been through a lot of things that a sixteen year old should not have to endure. I sigh and throw my wild curls into a loose bun, grab my satchel and head out, determined not to have a pity party. 
Surprisingly Claire meets me outside of the cafeteria. She looks nervous and her purple eyes are darting back and forth through the crowd looking for someone. I realize that someone is me when she comes running up. 
"Hey!" She looks tense.
"Morning." I say with a half-smile. 
 Claire is literally radiating anxiety. "Um, what's going on?" 
I raise my eyebrow in question. "What do you mean?" 
"Alec seems a bit perturbed this morning. I wasn't sure if y'all had a fight or something last night." She looks behind her checking to make sure nobody is listening.
"What makes you think we got in a fight? Maybe he's just having a rough morning." I'm surprised by her question. 
"Yeah, that could be it." She bites on her lower lip. "But, I saw something this morning. I mean, something I probably shouldn't have seen." 
I stare at her for a second expecting her to carry on but I guess she needs a little prodding. "Well, what did you see?" 
She looks around to make sure nobodies within earshot then leans in close to whisper. "I was practicing my invisible skills this morning and ran into Alec and Zack in the hall."
I gasp. Crap-ola! 
Claire looks at me suspiciously then continues. "They were arguing pretty heatedly. I heard your name brought up. I couldn't hear everything they were saying because I had to turn visible again. I swear I thought that Alec was going to take a swing at Zack and I knew that I had to interrupt them. I ran to the next hall so I didn't just appear out of thin air in front of them and by the time I returned Alec was gone. Zack was standing in the hallway looking all smug with himself. He gave me a horrible stare that made me feel icky all over so I rushed by him as fast as possible."
She looks at me expecting me to say something. I just stand there staring at her with a blank look. My brain is running through the possible things they may have discussed. Does Zack know about Alec's abilities? Does Alec know about my snooping around with Zack? 
"What did Alec say when you found him?" I finally ask.
"Nothing really. He's just been sitting at the table looking all agitated. I asked him what was up but he didn't seem to want to talk. I didn't tell him that I saw him and Zack. I just wanted to find you first." She looks worried.
"Well, I'm sure it's fine. Let’s go in and see what's up." It's easier for me to say than to actually do. Everything in my being doesn't want to go into the possible thunder storm that all of my lying and sneaking around has potentially caused. I walk in behind Claire. Instead of going directly to the table I make my way to the cafeteria line. I grab a bowl of cereal, no milk and a glass of orange juice then head to the table. 
Alec avoids eye contact with me until I sit down. He looks up at me and in that instant I wish he would have continued to dodge my gaze. His blue eyes are as dark as a midnight sky. They still take me back a bit seeing as how they were a bold emerald green when I first met him. I break eye contact first and feign interest in my food. My stomach doesn't feel hungry; in fact it feels a little sick. Probably sick with worry. I pick at the cereal with my fingers and eat anyhow. 
Everyone remains uncomfortably silent while I finish my breakfast. The tension in the air is so thick you could cut it with a knife. I want to say something and start defending myself but I know I should wait for Alec to bring it up first. 
"So, are you all ready to go?" Connor asks uncomfortably. 
I look to Alec who is still appraising me with an intense, slightly angry stare. I dodge it quickly and say, "Sure." We leave the cafeteria silently. Once we are out in the hall Connor takes all of our tablets. I assume that means that we are headed to the cave. 
The journey to our secret spot is agonizing due to the silence. I twiddle my thumbs and have to consistently try to tell myself to stop fidgeting. It makes me look guilty. Alec glances at me through his peripheral vision every once in a while. I tense up each time wondering when he's going to lay me out. 
When we reach the drop off I consider asking Connor to help me down. I can't imagine jumping into Alec's arms. I wonder if he could be mad enough to let me fall on 'accident.' I brush that thought off as absurdly ridiculous. Alec loves me and even if he hated me, he wouldn't be the kind of guy to let someone get hurt. 
Connor and Claire make their way down the drop off first. Connor jumps down, not bothering with the ladder and Claire drops into his arms. He gives her a peck on the lips when he sets her down. 
My heart starts racing as Alec jumps down. Connor and Claire have started heading down the next tunnel leaving Alec and me alone. He turns around and gestures his arms up to me. I can't see his facial expression because he's set his flashlight on the ground facing up towards me. I take a deep breath and allow myself to drop into his arm. He catches me. He hesitates for a second as he slowly sets me down. His hands remain planted on my hips as my feet touch the concrete. I look into his eyes and see a mix of emotions running wild. My heart is hammering fast and the butterflies that I always get around him are running rampant in my stomach. He leans forward only a fraction of an inch. I imagine he would have kissed me had it been any other circumstance. The fact that he slowly comes to some unknown realization and turns away from me hits my heart hard. It feels like a knife cutting right through it. 
He grabs his flashlight and heads down the tunnel behind Connor and Claire. 
I follow reluctantly, feeling horrible. Whatever went on between Zack and Alec must have been bad. By the look in Alec's eyes and the silent treatment he's giving me, I assume it was catastrophic. 
A thought occurs to me. I work so hard to keep people's thoughts out of my mind that I haven't thought to listen in on what's going on in Alec's head. I feel a little torn about invading his privacy but I figure I can't do much worse than I've already done to him. 
"I’M SO MAD AT HER. HOW COULD SHE DO THIS?" Alec's inner voice says in a near holler. I cringe at the sound of it. I didn’t know you could yell in your head.
Usually people's inner voices are rather calm but he seems really worked up. I listen hard to find out what he's mad about but he just keeps saying the same thing over and over. Sometimes he rephrases it in a different manner but never does he think about the reasons why he's actually mad.
 At the next drop Alec stays behind me so that Connor has to help me down. That really tops the cake; he’s mad enough that he doesn't want to touch me. I just wish I knew exactly what he’s so mad about. Is it the sneaking around with Zack or lying to him? Or maybe a little of both? I mean either one of those things would be enough to make me mad but would it make me as angry as Alec seems to be? I don't know. 
When we get into the cave Connor and Claire head directly to the later cave. Alec moves to follow them but I grab his arm and turn him towards me. He looks surprised at first but then his stare turns into an angry glare. 
"What is wrong with you?" I throw my hands on my hips and stomp my foot. I can't believe I just stomped my foot! 
Alec seems like he is going to ignore me but then he says, "Actually the question here should be what is up with you?"
I look at him appraisingly. "What do you mean?" 
He laughs. "Oh, let me rephrase that for you Willow." I don't like the way he says my name. He continues. "What is up with you and Zack?" 
Crappy-crappington! "What do you mean what is up with Zack and me?" I know it's a stupid mechanism to counter his question with another question but I want to know what he's heard. I open my mind but all I hear are the same phrases over and over again. He's mad at me and he can't believe I've done this. Done what? 
"Don't play coy with me Willow. You know exactly what I'm referring to!" He puts both of his hands on his hips. I note that his hands are facing outwards. I remember learning in an elective psychology class that hands facing backwards on your hips represent someone taking a normal posture. Hands facing forward show aggression or anger, neither of which are a good thing. 
I open my mouth to try and say something witty or to possibly counter with yet another question but I decide against it. I take a deep breath and tell myself that I need to be honest with him. I should have been honest with him from the very beginning. "I'm sorry Alec. He told me not to tell you. I know I shouldn't have listened to him but I thought that perhaps he would be able to help us." 
A strange look flashes across Alec's eyes. He says, "What do you mean? How could Zack help us?" 
"I don't know how but he knew about me. I didn't tell him about all of you though. He said that he could help me investigate to try and figure out how we got these powers." I say quickly.
His eyebrow shoots up. "How we got these powers? You just said that you didn't tell him about us." 
Oh touché! I consider it quickly and then realize that I don't owe anything to Zack by keeping his powers a secret. "Zack has a power too. He can compel people." 
Alec seems to be processing the information when he asks, "Like make people do his bidding? Like those old vampire movies?" 
I had never really thought about it that way but, "Yeah, I guess like that." 
He scratches his head and I notice that his body language doesn't seem as rigid. "So did he help you?" 
"Well, he got me these contacts." I point to my eyes and then cringe at Alec's expression. I forgot that I lied to him about that too. I take a long exasperated breath. This is the exact reason why lying is bad! 
When Alec doesn't say anything I add, "We also broke into Dr. Hasting's office." Alec seems to look interested in that tad bit of knowledge. "Actually, Dr. Hasting's is Zack's dad." Alec seems surprised by that too. "We nearly got caught but I managed to grab that list before we left." 
"Did you guys figure out what the immunizations have to do with this?" He asks.
"He doesn't know I took it so no, we didn't figure out anything. My best guess is that maybe it could have caused our powers."
"Then why hasn't everyone exhibited powers yet?" He ponders.
"I don't know that yet. I mean honestly, they could have squat to do with our powers but I figured it was a start." 
"Okay, so I get that you and Zack were trying to do 'research,' but why did you lie to me?" Alec puts his hands back up on his hips. 
"I don't know. Zack told me I couldn't tell you and I...." I feel frustrated tears come to my eyes as I realize how damaging my lies were to our relationship. I blink them away and look back at Alec. "There is no excuse for my lying to you. I shouldn't have done it. I'm so sorry Alec. If I had the power to go back in time I would tell him No!" I take a shaky breath and add sincerely, "I understand that you are mad, probably even livid at me. I understand as well that I've broken our trust. If you feel like we need to break up I would not hold it against you in any way." This time I can't blink my tears away. They start flowing over.
Alec seems to struggle against some sort of invisible barrier as he takes a single step towards me. He doesn't say anything but looks tortured. I open my mind to hear what he's thinking. "I’M SO MAD…AATT…HHEERR.” My eyes open wide at the way his thoughts sound. It's like each syllable is a struggle for him to think, or like he's thinking that thought but is also in a way trying to fight against it. 
I blink a few times as I listen to his thoughts repeat the same struggling inner dialogue. Something clicks and I realize instantly what's going on here. "What did Zack tell you?" I ask boldly.
He seems to be surprised by my change in demeanor. "What do you mean?" 
"What exactly did he say to you? Claire overheard you both fighting. I want to know what he said." I stand up tall and stare him down.
Alec looks puzzled and then thoughtful. He seems to be pondering it. I tune into his thought process. "WHAT DID ZACK SAY? I CAN’T REMEMBER. I KNOW WE TALKED. WHAT WAS IT? I’M SO MAD AT HER, HOW COULD SHE DO THIS? WHAT?” Alec rubs his temples.
I was right in my conclusion. I take a step towards Alec. I put both of my hands on his arms and then look deeply into his eyes. "He compelled you." I say simply.
"What? No." He says with very little conviction.
"Yes, he did. I've been listening to your thoughts and over and over again you've been saying that you are so mad at me and how could I do this? What exactly were you mad about?" I ask. "Did you know I had lied to you?" 
He thinks about it and then takes a step back from me. "No, I don't think I knew. I mean, you just told me but..." 
I step back towards him not letting him off the hook. I hold my hands to each side of his face and make him stare at me. "He compelled you Alec. He told you to be mad at me." I say it with force in hopes that he will listen to me. 
"HE HAD TO HAVE! I’M GOING TO KILL HIM. I’M…SO…MA…NO!” Alec cuts his own line of thinking off at the pass. He grimaces and jerks away from me again. "That bastard! I'm going to kill him!" 
"Not if I get to him first! He had absolutely no right!" I'm feeling utterly furious. I don't know Zack's motive but it doesn't matter, I'm pissed!
Alec seems to calm down a bit. He looks remorseful. "I TREATED HER SO HORRIBLY.” 
"No!" I say. He looks confused at my having heard his thoughts. I continue. "You did not treat me horribly. Sure you were mad at me but Alec, I deserve this! I don't know why exactly Zack compelled you to be mad at me but you really honestly did have the right be mad at me. I lied to you and went behind your back. That is completely unacceptable! I'm so sorry!" 
"Willow." He whispers.
A loud clapping erupts behind me followed by a sinister laugh that echoes against the cave walls. I turn to see Zack standing near the entrance to the second cave. He's clapping brashly. "Bravo! Bravo!" Alec takes me by the hips and moves me behind him. I stare over his shoulder grateful for the protection. 
I glare at Zack. My insides feel like they are on fire and my heart starts hammering in my chest. How did he know we were here? Better yet, how did he find this place?
"That was such an impassioned plea Willow! I nearly yelled out that I forgive you for poor Alec." He sets his gaze on Alec. "She's a firecracker. I would think you might be a little too good for her. That whole gentleman thing you've got going on doesn't seem to mesh with her bad girl persona if you know what I mean buddy." He says laughing again. Zack seems far too comfortable in his own skin. Almost like he could take the world on his shoulders if he deemed fit.
I watch Alec's fists clench up and his muscles on his forearms tense. "I'm not your buddy and don't you dare talk about her that way." Alec starts walking forward but I pull his arm back.
"No Alec, leave him alone. He's dangerous." I whisper the last part hoping Zack didn’t catch on. That was a very sensible thing for me to say especially when I really wanted to see Zack's face pummeled in. "What are you doing here anyhow Zack?" I ask vehemently. 
"Well I heard this is where all the cool kids hang." Even though he is across the room I can still see that trademark sly smile of his. I want to slap it off his lips. 
I start stomping his way but Alec keeps his arms taught, not allowing me through. "Willow, why don't you get out of here? I can deal with Zack."
"No way!" I say.
Alec spins around and tries to convince me with his eyes to leave, but I don't succumb. Knowing that I'm not going anywhere, he turns back and yells, "What do you want Zack?" 
Zack holds his hands out, "Well I wanted to invite you to the party. Come on in." He gestures for us to join him. Neither of us move so Zack adds, "Hurry up now, your friends are waiting." 
Connor and Claire! I forgot they were in there. A sick feeling knots in my stomach. Alec must have the same feeling because he turns and whispers in my ear, "Run Willow. Go get help." I look back up at him and slightly shake my head. I couldn't leave! Not now.
"Ah, ah, ah!" Zack yells catching on to what Alec is trying to get me to do. We turn to see him shaking his finger at us. "You’re both invited to this party. He looks behind my back and I turn to see a large, bouncer worthy man blocking the tunnel that leads to our freedom. "Come on!" He yells more impatiently this time. 
Alec grabs my hand and we slowly make our way towards Zack. 
"Ah, lovebirds. It's sickening, really." He turns and leads us down the narrow tunnel, leading us to the other cave. 
I crawl through it. I have to take several breaths as my chest starts constricting. The walls seem to be closing in on me and my heart skips a beat. I feel the dizziness wash over me as a panic attack starts. Alec squeezes my hand ever so slightly and a warm feeling succumbs me. The panic subsides. I wonder for a second if it was just my knowing that I'm not alone or if it is Alec's healing ability that made it go away. 
I don't have time to ponder it much when we step out into the cave. The sun is shining brightly on the pool of water. This cave feels more warm and humid than the inner cave does. I wonder how much hotter it must be outside if the small amount of sunlight in this cave can heat it even though it's still several hundred feet below ground. 
"Ah, our guests have arrived." I look up to see Dr. Hastings staring at us. Next to him on the floor are Connor and Claire. Another man stands next to them. He's holding a gun to Claire's head.
"What's going on?" I direct my question towards Zack who has come to stand next to me. My heartbeat picks up seeing that cold steel barrel pointed at my best friends head. 
He looks at me with an amused expression. "We are just cleaning up some loose ends here."
"Over here." The man with the gun waives at Alec. "You sit." 
I look to Alec. We silently agree that now is not the time to fight. 
We start moving forward but Zack puts his hand on my shoulder stopping me. "Not you sugar." My blood boils! It must have set Alec off as well because he lunges at him. I get knocked over by them and I watch the fight from my place on the ground. 
Alec pulls his hand back and takes a swing for Zack's face. I inwardly cheer as it makes contact with his jaw. Zack recovers quickly and punches Alec in the eye. Alec tackles Zack and they both go plummeting into the water. I hadn't realized how close they were to the edge. 
Dr. Hastings walks over to the man with the gun and takes it from him so that the man can go and retrieve his son. Or Alec, whichever one came first. The man splashes into the water and pulls Alec out by the back of his shirt. Alec is still swinging but the man outweighs him by nearly double. He pulls him out of the water with minimal struggle and pushes Alec to the ground next to Connor. 
Zack rubs his jaw as he climbs out of the water. He's soaking wet and his shoes make a squeaking sound as he walks. I expect him to go after Alec again but he does something even more dangerous. He walks to my side and throws his arm around my shoulder. The cold water dripping off of him seeps into my clothes and I shiver. Alec tries to jump up but the sound of the safety being removed from the gun makes him rethink his next move. The man must have grabbed it back from Dr. Hastings because he now points it directly at Alec's temple. 
 I stand frozen underneath Zack's arm. Worry for Alec and my friends paralyzes me. I must look scared because Alec ignores the gun pointing at him and tries to stand up again. A gunshot rings out. It echoes dangerously through the cave as Alec falls to the ground.
"No!" I yell out. I unfreeze in that second. I stomp with all my might onto Zack's left foot and elbow him as hard as I can in his stomach. I take satisfaction in hearing the air whoosh out of Zack's lungs. 
I don't take time to savor the slight victory though. I run to Alec and slide down in front of him. His head is slumped forward and I worry at first that he may be unconscious or worse yet, dead. I look around trying to find where he was hit. The blood is seeping out of his right shoulder. His eyes look glassy and disoriented. My heart is beating so frantically that I can feel it in my throat. I have to blink away the tears that are blurring my vision. He can't die! 
The man aims his gun towards Connor and Claire when they try to come help me. "Move away." The man orders to me.
I ignore him and start ripping at Alec's shirt. The bleeding has soaked through. 
"Let her be." Dr. Hastings chimes.
I find the bullet hole. I'm guessing the bullet exited his body by the size of the wound. In movies and on television that always seems to be a good sign. Alec grunts in pain so I try to lay him back on the ground. I imagine that Alec's healing abilities would probably heal this size of a wound in a few minutes. I can't stand the pained expression on his face though so I decide not to wait on his inner healing abilities. 
I've never tried to heal anyone before so I don't know if I can, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to try. I pull him up into my arms and then I press both of my hands on each side of his shoulder over the entry and exit wounds. I focus with all that I can on healing him. I feel a type of energy going out of my hands. A slight tingling sensation reaches all the way up my arm. I don't know if what I'm doing is helping until Alec takes a deep breath. I pull my hands back and examine the wound. It's closed up completely. I let out my own sigh of relief and my heart starts steadying out. 
Alec sits up next to me slowly. He still seems sore, which makes sense; what, with having just been shot and all. He leans his forehead against mine and says, "Thank you," in a breathy whisper.
A few tears escape my eyes as I realize he's going to be okay. I'd never been so scared in my life than when I heard that gunshot ring out. 
"Remarkable." Dr. Hastings breaks the silence. "Is there anything you can't do Willow?" 
I glare up at Dr. Hastings who seems to be eyeing me like he would a multi-million dollar experiment. "Apparently not. You should let us go now before I bring down the wrath of my powers on you." I stand up and try to look menacing hoping that my cheesy fake out line will work. 
He eyes me appraisingly and then smiles. "I don't believe you have that type of power yet my dear." 
Urgh! What is it with these Hastings men and their use of not-so-endearing terms? 
"Anyhow. I'm not done with you yet." He looks down at his tablet. "Oh, we better get going. We have a lot to do."
"Yep, time to go sugar." Zack says with venom in his voice. I don't move and a second later he grabs a handful of my curly hair and pulls me by it. I yelp as I feel my hair pulling at my scalp. Tears spring to my eyes and I hastily jump up. 
Alec tries to help me but the man puts the gun against his temple. He says in a low terrifying voice, "This time I'm going in for the kill. I recommend you don't move." 
Alec looks so torn so I say, "I'm okay." 
Zack throws his arm around my shoulder again but squeezes me uncomfortably tight against him. He's making sure there is no room for an elbowing of any sort. I wouldn't have done it anyhow. I don't want to do anything that would make Alec tempt the man with the gun again. 
"Let's get on with it." Dr. Hastings says rather bored. He waves his hand over his shoulder as if shooing us off and then exits the cave. 
"Yep, I've grown bored with this party. I recommend you stay as far from the exit as you can." He says to my friends. He turns and looks at me, "Shall we?" He doesn't wait for a response. He grabs my arm tightly and starts pulling me towards the exit. 
I plant my feet into the ground and try to hold my place but he just drags me a long. "Let me go!" I scream looking back at my friends. 
The man with the gun is backing up but continues to have his gun trained on them. When he reaches us he turns it on me. "Move and she's dead." The man calls to Alec who has already gotten to his feet. "Sit!" The man demands pressing the gun into my temple. I can feel the cold steel and it sends prickling goose bumps cascading down my arms. 
"Willow." Alec calls. 
"Alec!" I yell as Zack pulls me into the tunnel. I fight him but it's no use. I hadn't realized how strong Zack was. He drags me through the tunnel. I feel the cold earth slicing at my body but I refuse to make this easy on him. I kick and scream. The man with the gun crawls through the tunnel backwards, ready to shoot anyone who tries to follow. 
When we are all out on the other side, Zack calls into the tunnel again. "I really recommend that if you are near this tunnel that you get as far away from it as possible!"
The bouncer looking guy who blocked our exit to the first cave is standing near us now. In his hand is a stick of dynamite. He lights the long cord and realization strikes me cold. They are going to trap my friends! "Get back!" I yell into the tunnel. "They have explosives!" 
Zack pulls me away from the tunnel towards the main cave's exit. The man throws the dynamite into the tunnel and we all hastily retreat. A minute passes before a deafening explosion rings out and the ground shakes. I nearly lose my balance but Zack rights me back up and continues dragging me out of the cave. My entire body goes numb and my heart drops! My friends were in there! I have no way of knowing if they are dead or alive. They have no escape, that’s if they’re even alive.
Think, think, think! I have to make my brain work if I have any hope of surviving this. As of now it’s three against one and those odds are surely not in my favor. I think about all the abilities I have exhibited over the past few weeks. My only guess is I must have all the powers of my friends combined. I try and make a list in my head.
 
Hearing inner thoughts (my original power)
Healing (Alec)
Compulsion (Zack…shiver)
Invisibility (Claire)
Changing molecular structure…if that’s what you call it (Connor)

If my theory is correct and I do in fact have all these powers, I may just make it out unscathed. As to my friends…I just don’t know. One thought that crosses my mind is about Connor. If he is able to change his molecular structure maybe he will be able to walk through the wreckage caused by the explosion and get help. A spark of hope ignites within me…a very tiny spark, but nonetheless a spark. 
I’m brought back to the present as Zack pulls my arm again jerking me around yet another corner. I should have been paying attention to where we were going because now I have no idea how we got where we are. The tunnel has become smaller and Dr. Hastings and the other man have turned into a narrow walkway that's offset to the side. It’s so small one might not see it if they didn’t know what they were looking for. 
Zack shoves me in first and follows right behind me, never letting go of my arm. I’m sure that I could try and use Connor’s ability right now to move straight through Zack’s grip but I should probably save it for a time when I wouldn’t get immediately caught. Plus, then they would know more than they already do about me. At this point that is probably the only power Zack doesn’t know about and knowledge of that is definitely on my side.
We round a few small turns and come to a door. There is a single bulb light flickering haphazardly above us. Dr. Hastings walks up to the door and punches in a code. It’s nine digits in length…too long for most to memorize…and it’s an odd number. I hate odd numbers. My photographic memory steps in as the numbers become ingrained in my brain: 4-2-6-8-4-9-0-1-2. Who knows, that may come in handy later.
A small beep sounds and the door releases. Zack pushes me into the room after the other two had gone before me. A light turns on illuminating Dr. Hasting’s lab. I can tell this is where Zack had taken me in the past because the layout is identical. The only difference is the bed that is fixed in one of the corners…that wasn’t there before. A small feeling of panic escapes my lips as I see the restraints they are probably going to be using. Large leather belts with multiple belt holes reinforced by large silver rings. They look impenetrable…well at least for normal people. An IV pole stands to the side of the bed with a clear solution hanging from a bag. On the other side is a heart monitor and some other machine I have yet to identify. It all looks so wrong, it scares me to death. I begin shaking and my feet won’t move. I feel myself slowly sinking to the ground, shaking and sweating. 
“Oh no you don’t,” Zack says forcefully. “You can do that over there if you want.” 
I shake my head and feel a scream of panic rising from my lungs. I dig my heels in the ground realizing that if they get me where they want me, I might never leave here alive. I begin scratching frantically and pulling at anything I can from the counters throwing it on the ground. I scream and flail my arms trying desperately to get Zack to let me go. 
“Stop Willow…relax a little would you!” I feel a sting in my neck and my eyes open wide in surprise. Then the world around me grows dim as I slip slowly away into nothingness. 


CHAPTER 18 (One-hundred and one days inside, I think.)

I wake to the sound of beeping machines. It takes me a second to remember where I am and all the memories come flooding back. I keep my eyes shut to try and assess the situation. I hear at least two people in the room. One is scribbling on a pad of paper in the corner while the other is typing something on some sort of device…I can’t tell. I listen for a few minutes concentrating on keeping my heart rate down. I know that if I panic, my heart rate will go up, and it could go from bad to worse really fast. 
Someone taps a pencil against a piece of paper. “When is she going to wake up? She’s been out for over three hours.” I can tell that the voice belongs to Zack. 
“The serum is different and is contingent upon the person. It could take another hour or so, or it could take a few more minutes. Try and exhibit some patience, would you?” I recognize that voice as that of Dr. Hastings. 
A chair scrapes against the floor and I listen as feet begin pacing the room. “I’m going to try the smelling salts again.” Zack’s voice reverberates off the walls of the room. 
“You must get your impatience from your mother’s side.” Dr. Hastings remarks.
Zack’s footsteps stop suddenly. I wonder to myself if that’s a sore subject…Zack’s mother. I hear him coming around to the side of my bed. I try not to breathe or move. I know what smelling salts can do, and I know for a fact it will give away the fact that I'm awake. 
I feel something tickle under my nose. I try and hold my breath, but one of the machines starts beeping. My oxygen levels must be dropping. I can feel the machine clipped to my index finger. When I can hold my breath no longer I breathe in the smelling salts and immediately cough and sneeze at the same time. Realizing it’s over, I open my eyes. 
“Well, well, look who’s up,” Zack says with that sinisterness back in his voice. The hairs on my arms stand on end as he leans over the bed assessing me. I open my mouth and he cuts me off. “If you scream, I’ll gag you,” Zack says simply. 
I hear Dr. Hastings chair scoot back and see him come into my peripheral vision. I try and move my body but I'm held down by the straps. I even have one around my head and my middle making it impossible to move even an inch. A single tear slips down my face. "What do you want with me?" 
"We want to know why you are possessing more than one power." Dr. Hastings says rather matter of factly. “Your blood work was inconclusive.” 
"Why are you doing this?" I ask.
"Well to find out how to duplicate it of course. We are going to do several tests and some require you to be awake. Don't worry, they won't last too long but they may hurt. I will put you out as soon as we are done." Dr. Hastings says.
Put me out? Like a dog or like a light? My heart races and I hear the monitor tattle tell on me by beeping ferociously.
"Well sugar, you could always tell us how you came to possess these additional powers...That is if you know." Zack chimes in, smiling creepily down at me. 
I try to shake my head, but it's no use. I don't know how and even if I knew some special secret I wouldn't share it with these guys. The type of power I've come across could be extremely dangerous in the hands of the wrong person. In my peripheral vision I see Dr. Hastings pick up some sort of scary looking metal instrument. My heart starts raging war again and the monitors go wild. 
Zack seems pleased when he sees this. “What’s the matter sugar? Are you scared?” He makes a pouty face at me and then laughs. “This will only hurt a bit.” This last statement must seem even funnier to him because he laughs harder. 
I close my eyes trying to regain my composure. I can’t seem weak in front of Zack. It’s like adding fuel to the fire. He likes it, and it makes my stomach recoil in disgust. I force my heart to move into a steady rhythm. 
 “Hold still,” Zack demands. “I need to remove your contacts. We need to run a few…tests.” He says the last word with more venom than I’d like to admit. 
Zack pries my eyes open with his fingers and puts a few drops of liquid in my eyes. It burns like crazy for a few moments, and then the sensation subsides. He does the same action to my other eye, then removes the contacts with the tips of his fingers. I watch as the world comes back into focus. Zack’s eyes are wide with shock. “Dad, you might want to take a look at this…” 
I listen as Dr. Hastings footsteps approach. His footsteps stop abruptly and my eyes meet his. We stare at each other for what seems like forever. I watch him appraise me; he approaches with what seems like caution. “Brilliant,” Dr. Hastings whispers. “Just…spectacular!” He seems at a loss for words. 
I glance back over at Zack and he has the same wonderment in his eyes. Far too soon the both of them snap out of their appraising trance and look at each other. “You ready to start?” Zack asks his dad. 
He nods and I hear them beginning to clank metal instruments around in a drawer. I clench my fists knowing I’m about to become a lab rat. There is no remorse in their beady stares. I know they will show no mercy or pull out any stops for me. I am just an object to them…an object on which to study. Well, at least I’ll go with my pride, I think to myself. I’m not going to cry, no matter how bad the torture. I. Will. Not. Cry.
I begin to hear the sharpening of metal objects to my right and I stare straight up at the ceiling. Even if I was able to get myself out of these straps I wouldn’t be able to get out of the room…or would I. A plan begins to form in my brain. And before I have a chance to think it through I begin to put it into action. It’s now or never in my mind. These two will show me no mercy and I have to act now…or I will surely die. I concentrate hard opening my mind up to channel Connor’s gift. Silently and swiftly I lift my arms up from the straps and set them back down on top of them. I do the same with my feet. I take a deep breath and allow the head restraint to fall below my head and the waist restraint to do the same. I listen intently and hear Dr. Hastings and Zack still perusing through the various drawers and cabinets. I take this time to go completely invisible. I wait a few seconds and then look down at my arm. I lift it but see nothing. I glance over at Zack and Dr. Hastings. I realize I only have seconds before they realize what I’ve done. I quickly and silently get up from the table. My head is still woozy and I try and make sure that I don’t fall. I’m not very graceful but I manage to get back on my own two feet. I inch away from the two of them when I hear the sound of numerous metal objects clatter to the ground. 
“Zack,” Dr. Hastings says in a panic. 
Zack looks over and seems surprised for a second to find me ‘not there.’ “Dad, I told you she can turn invisible. She’s still there.” He goes back to what he’s doing, but it doesn’t look like Dr. Hastings is buying it. I inch my way quietly through the room getting as far away from the two of them as possible. 
“If she’s only invisible, then why are the restraints not holding their shape?” Leave it to Dr. Hastings to realize this. 
Zack stops what he’s doing and lunges for the bed. He grabs for the strap and feels around it. In a furry of anger he slams the empty strap back down on the bed. His face turns red and he turns facing right at me. I have to keep whispering in my head that he can’t see me. “Where are you,” he yells. “I know you’re in here. There’s no where you can go.” 
I inch closer to the door as he begins searching the room. He flails his arms out making sure he covers every inch of the room. Dr. Hastings joins him in the search. My heart pounds in my chest as more than one time I catch Zack’s eyes with mine. I’m sure he doesn’t know it, but it still puts me more on edge. I find the doorway. Dr. Hastings is only a few feet from me at this point. I’m scared to death because if this doesn’t work then I know I am done for.
I take a deep, silent breath and concentrate on becoming nothing. Concentrate on not only being invisible but also allowing my body the ability to pass through the door. I’ve never tried to use multiple abilities simultaneously before. It’s a feeling like no other when I finally manage to slip past the solid oak. I watch the wood splintering past my eyes as my body melts through the door, first one leg, then the other. My body is almost through it when Dr. Hasting’s hand hits the remainder of my arm. He grabs on and holds it like a death grip. “Got her,” he says. 
I don’t panic at all. I know that won’t help me here. I just allow my body to calm and focus. I know I can get away from his grip; I’m doing the same thing with the door. Slowly, ever so slowly I inch my arm from his grasp and through the door. “What the…” Is the last thing I hear as I slip into the hallway. 
I take off in a sprint and make my way down the long, winding tunnels. I have no idea where I'm headed but I continue to run away from the sound of footsteps and shouting. By the sound of it I can assume that I'm not only being followed by the Hastings men but by at least two other people. I approach a fork in the tunnels and make a gut choice to take the path to my left. I pray that it's the right one as I hurry through it. 
My heart starts pounding as I reach a dead end. What the heck? Why would any tunnel have a dead end, I mean why even build that portion of the tunnel?
"Ah, Sugar. I can see you again." Zack says from behind me. 
I look down at my body. The panic must have been what made me lose my concentration. I slowly turn around. Zack is standing only a few feet away looking smugger than ever. "Why are you doing this to me?" I hate it when the victim says that in movies but I couldn't think of anything better to say. Plus, I need to stall until I can calm myself down enough to possibly move through this tunnel wall. My heart is beating way too fast to control any of my powers.
"It's nothing personal Sugar. You see, you have a few things I want." He looks me up and down.
I do my best not to show any emotion. Instead I just raise my eyebrow and ask, "Like what?" I take a few non-exaggerated breaths willing my heart to calm.
"When I found out about my dad's little experiment he had to do a lot to keep me quiet. The most important demand I made in order to promise my silence was that he give me the strongest power of them all. He obviously hasn't kept up his end of the bargain." 
I try pushing my hand through the wall at my back but it doesn't go through. Crap, I have to keep him talking. "Why would your dad have to bribe you to keep you quiet? You're his son. Are you saying you would have thrown him under the bus?"
 His hazel eyes turn dark and I worry that I just made him even angrier. "Let's just say that some of his experiments didn't turn out so well." 
"Zack! Did you find anything?" Dr. Hastings voice echoes through the tunnels. 
Zack walks a short distance to the mouth of the tunnel and yells, "Yep! I've got her!"
This is my only opportunity. I take a deep breath and focus my mind on being fluid. I push my hand into the tunnel wall and it passes through. Yes! I take a few more deep breaths and push my full arm and leg in. 
"No!" Zack yells. "Stop!" 
Yeah right, like I would really stop. Instead I focus on pushing the rest of my body into the cold rock. I close my eyes and literally walk through several layers of dark sediment until I see light behind my eyelids. I open them again and find myself standing in a hallway somewhere in the shelter. Feeling a bit disoriented, I lean up against the wall and take a moment to get my bearings straight. I have never passed through anything that thick and it really wore me down. 
I focus my healing powers internally and soon I feel back to normal. I look around and notice that I'm in the school wing of the shelter. Thankfully nobody was around to see me materialize from the solid wall.
 I run past a few classrooms and into the stairwell. I reach my room a few minutes later. I know it's not the safest place to be but I don't know where else to go. I shut the door behind me and lock it. 
"Warning! We have a high risk red alert. Please proceed to lock down mode. I repeat high risk red alert." A female announces through the intercom system. 
A second later a new voice takes over, this one I recognize. "Please proceed to follow lock down instructions. We are currently looking for a suspect, Willow Mosby. She is a five foot seven Caucasian teen with light brown curly hair. She was last seen wearing purple scrubs. This suspect should be considered dangerous. If you believe you have seen Willow Mosby please report her through the emergency app on your tablet. Please do not approach her as she may be dangerous." Dr. Hastings announces. 
What? My heartbeat starts running frantically again. They are going to hunt me down! I feel the panic attack coming on strong so I sit down and place my head in between my knees while taking deep breaths. 
The female voice comes onto the intercom again. "High risk red alert. Please proceed to follow lock down instructions. I repeat, High risk red alert." 
What the heck are lock down instructions? I must have missed that part of orientation! 
The lock on the door jiggles. No! I don't have time to react so I throw myself under the bed. As if that weren't an obvious place to look. I watch as a single set of shoes enter the room. The door closes behind them and I hear the lock click back into place. I will my heart to calm down so I can go invisible but it's beating way too frantically.
"Willow?" My dad whispers. 
My breath whooshes out of me in a loud sigh of relief. My dad must have heard it because he kneels down beside me. 
"Willow! Are you okay? What are they talking about?" My dad asks as he helps me out from under the bed and to my feet.
"Dad, it's Dr. Hastings and his son! They knocked me out and were trying to do tests on me to find out why I have these powers. They hurt my friends. We were in a cave and they blew up the entrance leaving my friends there. They are trying to find me! They are going to kill me!" I mumble so quickly that I don't have time to keep the tears from falling down. 
"I knew that he was up to no good!" My dad says. He starts pacing the room. His face is red with anger and he keeps clenching his fists. He stops in front of me. "I won't let them hurt you. Do you understand?" My dad says as reassuringly as he can. He stares closely at my eyes and seems awed by them. I forgot he's only seen me with the contacts on. 
"Dad, I love you but you are only one man. They have the entire shelter after us. They will hurt you. They threatened my friends with a gun. They shot Alec!" Suddenly worry for my dad consumes me. I can't let him get caught up in this!
"They shot him?" He seems amazed that this was even possible. We rarely hear about shootings now a days. Officials still carry weapons but rarely is it ever necessary to use them.
"Yes, but I healed him. Well he helped too with his own healing powers." I run my hands through my hair. My body is alert with nervous energy.
My dad looks awed again at my powers. "Honey, you are so strong, you know that right?"
I start to shake my head but my dad's gaze tells me that he believes in me so I nod.
"This is so hard for me to say, but you need to go. You need to leave this shelter. If anyone can make it out there you can. You can use your powers. I will try to get out as soon as I can but you need to get out of here now." He looks torn at sending his daughter out into the elements. "You can make it through the walls can’t you? Isn't that one of your gifts?"
I stifle a sob and nod. I can't imagine leaving here, leaving my dad. Leaving my friends trapped. Alec.
"Then you need to do it." My dad pulls me into his arms. 
A series of thunderous knocks pound against the door. 
My dad whispers in my ear, "I love you. Go now." 
I look around frantically. I have to calm my heart rate first so I climb under the bed. My dad must realize that I need a moment because he pushes his blanket so it covers the area under the bed where I'm hiding. 
The knocking persists. "Mosby family, open this door immediately or we will open it by force.
I hear the toilet flush and then my dad calls out as he opens the door, "Sorry, I was in the restroom." 
I hear several footsteps enter the small room. "We are looking for your daughter Mr. Mosby. She is a dangerous suspect and we must see her immediately. If you are harboring her here you will be implicated as a party in her crimes as well." A man I don't recognize calls out.
"My daughter is not dangerous. What exactly is it that you think she did?" My dad asks. 
The man clears his throat. "Murder."
"Murder?!" My dad yells. "Impossible. Who do you think she murdered." 
"Three of her friends." 
I nearly gasp out loud but catch myself. They are saying that I murdered my friends? What a convenient out to explain why they are missing! Rage fills me.
"She would never!" My dad demands. I can hear the outrage in his voice. 
"I will not discuss anymore information with you sir. Do you wish to give up your daughter willingly or will we have to search the room?" This voice I recognize as the evil Dr. Hastings. 
"She's not here." My father says confidently. 
I look down at myself. I'm obviously still here. I work hard to focus on melting through the floor. My heart is still beating too fast.
"Well then, you don't mind if we search the room?" Dr. Hastings says. 
"Be my guest." My dad says. 
With that I change my tactics and focus on trying to turn invisible. I don't want my dad to suffer for this, so they can't catch me. I look down and feel my heart calming as my arms disappear before me. 
"Thank you Mr. Mosby." Another man says. 
"Candy, please proceed." Dr. Hastings orders.
Candy? Why is Candy here? 
"Why do you need her to search? This room isn't that big. You can obviously see that she's not here." My dad says.
Dr. Hastings must hesitate a second but then deems it okay to spill the beans. "We know about your daughters abilities Mr. Mosby." He chuckles and says, "Don't pretend with me and act like you don't know." I guess my dad gives up his false look of question because Dr. Hastings says. "My daughter has an ability too. She can see through any type of facade that these abilities can create. That means she can see the invisible and a lot more than that." 
Oh no! My heart starts racing now. Chill out Willow, chill out. I focus everything I have on moving through this floor. I feel myself slowly sinking. That's when the blanket pops up. I look down at my arms and see that I'm invisible. Then I look to the side at Candy's big blue eyes staring at me. My heart races again and just like that the floor becomes hard again beneath my body. No! Now not only am I in this mess but my dad is too! 
Candy opens her mouth and I expect her to call out that I'm here but instead she mouths the word 'Go,' to me. 
My mouth opens and I find myself in pure shock. She drops the blanket back over the bed and tells her dad. "I don't think she's here father." 
"Are you sure?" Dr. Hastings asks.
"Yes father, of course I'm sure. I would have seen her if she were here and she's not." Candy plays the act of annoyed teenager well. 
I can't take time to consider exactly why Candy is letting me go. I calm my heart and then find myself melting through the floor again. This time I focus on my feet going first. I can feel my feet dangling from the ceiling in whatever room is below me. I allow myself to slowly drop through. I nearly lose my focus when Dr. Hastings flips back the blanket again and looks right at me! His eyes dart back and forth because, to my relief, I'm still invisible.
"I told you father!" Candy whines. 
Dr. Hastings reaches his arm under the bed and swipes it around. I push the rest of myself through to the room below just before his hand catches me. 
I hit the ground feet first but fall to my knees from the drop. I knock a metal tray off of a table at the same time and I cringe as it clashes to the floor with me. Looking around I realize I'm in one of the patient rooms of the nurses station. 
"What was that?" A nurse runs into the room and looks around. I'm still conveniently invisible. 
Another nurse comes in. "Is everything okay?" She asks.
"Yeah, this just fell? That's strange. Do you think someone was in here?" 
"No Silvia. Look around, where would they hide. You need to stop being so jumpy." The older nurse chides. 
"Sorry, it's scary though. I don't know what that girl did but I don't want to run into her." The nurse leans down and starts picking up the items that fell to the ground. 
I take that as my cue to exit. I walk as quietly as I can out of the nurse’s station. 
The most obvious question I have to ask myself is how the heck do I plan on getting out of here? I don't know the answer yet but one thing is for certain. I have to go back to save my friends.
I stealthily make my way through the halls trying my best to remain undetected. Luckily the halls seem pretty much deserted. The same female voice comes on the loud speaker every five minutes reminding people that there is a high risk red alert. She also continues to remind everyone that I'm a dangerous fugitive. Hearing my name repeated over and over again doesn't help my nerves. I keep going though. I figure if I can make my way to the area above the cave, I could drop through a couple of floors and be there in no time. I can't chance taking our usual route through the tunnels since they are likely to be heavily guarded. The only problem is that if I'm right, the cave is two floors below the commons area. I just hope that the place that is usually bustling with people is as deserted as these hallways. 
I look down and realize my hand is coming back into focus. I stop mid step and regain my composure. My hand becomes invisible again. I breathe a sigh of relief. I'm not sure how much longer I can keep this up. My body is trembling from using my powers this long. I find the will power to keep going. My friends need me.
A moment later I find myself turning the corner of a hallway that spills out into the commons area. I stop suddenly seeing all the people struggling to make their way into the auditorium. Seas of people take small steps towards the far entrance on the opposite end of the room. People are packed in tighter than a sardine can. Is this the protocol for a high risk, red alert? There is no way I can weave through all these people and still remain undetected. 
Think, Willow think... I have to find somewhere to hide before I materialize out of thin air in front of all of these people. I suddenly remember the very first time my father and I made our way into the mountain. There was a hallway that has since been closed off. I move along the wall as stealthily as possible making sure I don't bump into anyone. My hand accidently hits a lady's bottom. She turns around and slaps the man behind her. I hold my breath as I watch the two of them yell back and forth at each other. A small hole opens up in front of me as people meander over to where the argument is taking place. 
Soon I come to a spot in the wall that looks to have been recently sealed. There is a light grey substance, almost like grout, surrounding the outline of a door in the mountain wall. I look down making sure I am still invisible. I pray that I have enough strength to make it out alive. My knees are threatening to buckle from weakness of using my gift of invisibility. I place my hand up to the middle of the newly made wall. I slide it through and am pleased to find it is only as thick as the stone itself. I concentrate on pushing myself the rest of the way through. I feel someone ram into me from behind and I am thrown to the ground on the other side. The wind is knocked out of me and I just lay there for a few moments, in the dark corridor, catching my breath. I let my powers go allowing myself to get a break from using them. 
I hone in on my healing gift for a few moments and feel the shakiness reside. I don't think I'll ever get used to the idea that I can regenerate myself. Soon I feel back to normal. I focus on going invisible first. It's too dark in this corridor to know if it worked so I'm just going to have to hope for the best. 
I start allowing my body to melt through the floor. I move much faster than usual this time. I fall down into a small patch of leafy green stuff. Looking around I realize I landed in a row of spinach in the garden level of the shelter. Usually I hate spinach but I feel a little more affection for it now that it cushioned my landing. The sprinklers come on and they start soaking my scrubs. 
I move as fast as I can through the floor and only fall a few feet before I land with a thud on top of one of the storage containers. I throw my hands over my mouth worried that someone might have heard the fall. 
I wait a few minutes and when nobody comes running my way, I jump down. One more floor to go! I focus again and this time I try to move much slower through the floor. My biggest fear is I’ll land in the cave and go falling four stories to the ground. 
As I continue to move through the dense mountain matter, I get a panicked feeling inside. I try to focus on staying calm and eventually I feel my feet touch the ground. I have to drop to my knees because when I come out of the wall all together I'm in the small tunnel that we had to crawl to in order to get to the main cave. 
I can't believe I did it! I crawl in the direction of the outer cave quietly. When I reach the entrance I peer around and find that the cave seems to be empty. It's extremely dark inside so it's hard to tell for sure. I remain invisible just in case and stealthily move towards the entrance to the second cave. 
The rock debris left over from the explosion cover the mouth of the tunnel. My heartbeat starts picking up as I think of my friends on the other side. I have no idea how damaging the dynamite was. I don't know if they even survived and that thought sickens me. I clear my head and try not to focus on the worst possible outcome. Instead I imagine the most gorgeous pair of navy blue eyes waiting for me. I push my hand through the rock. I think of Alec the whole time I move through to the second cave. Our cave. 
I let go of the invisibility and when I step out on the other side my heart soars. The cave isn't completely collapsed in. I look back at the tunnel and see that only a few rocks lie there. The explosion must not have gone as deep as they thought it would. 
"Alec!" I call out excited to see him. The sun is still shining through the opening in the ceiling. Nobody answers me. I look around for my friends but I don't see them.
"Claire? Connor?" I call out unsure. My brain starts going through all of the possible scenarios. This cave is a good size but there isn't an area that they could hide in. I would be able to see them. Why aren't they here? I look back at the rubble. There's no way that all three of them were in the tunnel when it exploded. Right? 
I walk around looking for any sign of them. I must look around for at least an hour because the sun shifts in the sky. I walk back and forth along the water’s edge trying to think of what to do next. Maybe Connor found a way to get them out using his gift. If I could use my gift on Alec what would keep Connor from using his gift on other people. 
Something catches my eye. In the corner near the Western cave wall is a grouping of rocks. Why hadn't I noticed it before? I run over to them expecting to see some sort of message written out that tells me what happened to my friends. Instead I find a single arrow made out of small rocks. It points towards the wall. Why would it....They went outside! The epiphany strikes me and my heart soars. They are trying to let me know that they went outside! Excitement overwhelms me as I think of my friends making it out of here alive. I'm going to find them after all! 
I have no idea what lies on the other side of this mountain, if it's scalding hot temperatures or unlivable conditions. Not knowing makes me leery but it's not enough to keep me from reaching my friends.
I put my hand up to the wall and slowly start moving through it. The wall feels warm as I make my way through the rock and sediment. Sweat begins to accumulate on my brow. I'm not sure if the temperature is increasing, or if it's my anxiety that causes this stifling condition. Eventually I feel the heat prickling at my fingertips and I let the rest of my body follow.


CHAPTER 19: (1 Day on the Outside)

On the outside, the sun beats down relentlessly and I close my eyes against its blinding light. I haven't seen the light of day in...how long has it been? Weeks, months, years? The first thing I truly notice is the lack of heat. It's hot, don't get me wrong but it is definitely not unbearable. This isn't one hundred and seventy degrees like they predicted with the shields down. It feels more like ninety degrees. 
I cup my hands over my eyes and slowly allow them to adjust to the daylight by staring downwards. The bone-dry ground is cracked beneath my feet. The sight of it makes me suddenly thirsty. Soon, I'm able to make out some different bushes and wildflowers scattered about on the surface. 
My eyes adjust enough that I am able to finally look up and see at eye level...every hair stands at attention down my arms and legs. My scalp grows cold regardless of the pressing heat. About fifty yards in front of me lay a group of people, at least seventy to a hundred in number. They all wield different weapons: spears, knifes, swords...guns. I swallow hard noticing my throat has tightened up considerably. Their eyes press into mine. The light reflects off these strangers revealing their beady red irises. They stare at me and I at them. No one moves...no one breathes. 
In the matter of a split second a war cry calls out. All eyes turn toward the East, including mine as a second group of people descends upon the first. They drop down from the mountain scape above me. Each person holds a different weapon similar to the other group. Someone lands directly in front of me. I catch a glimpse of his eyes before he turns away. They startle me almost as much as the crimson eyes that were looking at me just moments before. Their color is the most vivid yellow I have ever seen. It has a look that is almost radioactive. 
A gunshot rings out and I fall to the ground, curling up into a ball. I try and filter out the sounds of the war around me, but the task is impossible. Clanking of metal on metal, gunshots and screams echo off the mountainsides. There's growling and gnashing of teeth as one man falls after another. 
Frightened doesn't even begin to describe how I'm feeling. I am utterly helpless as I remain curled up in my ball, with the sun beating down on my back. I feel as if I entered an alternate reality, a different world. I wish to escape but can't bring myself to move. 
A body falls to the ground next to me. I feel the persons blood soak into my shirt and I look up in that moment to see yellow, pain filled eyes staring at me. They aren't just any eyes though. Gasping for breath I call her name before she passes out, "Mom!"

To Be Continued...

You don't have to wait to find out what happens next in Willow's life. Turn the page to read the first chapter of Finding ELE—book #2 in The ELE Series. 
Finding ELE is available for purchase today!

CHAPTER 1 (THE FIRST DAY OUTSIDE) 

"MOM!" No, this can't be happening! My mom is not bleeding out on this mountainside. Not when I just found her again! 
I sit up and examine the damage. Like ink on paper, the crimson red stain slowly grows larger and larger in diameter. I do my best to ignore the chaos of the war that is happening all around me. My mom's breaths become ragged as she gasps greedily for air. 
"No Mom, you need to hang on," I whisper. Tears blur my vision as I push her shirt away from the wound on the lower left side of her abdomen. Blood is pouring out of a small hole no larger than a dime. 
A gunshot rings out just inches away from my ear. For a second I think I was the intended target but then a new body falls down next to my mom. It lies there, splayed at an unnatural angle. I sit paralyzed for a moment looking into the lifeless red eyes of a woman my mother's age. 
The cold metal of a gun barrel presses up against my temple. "Move away from her." A man commands in a gruff voice.
I look up to see a young man, not much older than me, kneeling down next to my mom. His coppery red hair is drenched in sweat and he's covered in the rusty dirt that coats the mountainside. His eyes are the same nuclear yellow hue as my moms were. This thought wakes me up from my stupor. No, not were! Are! She will survive; she has to!
The man kneels down next to my mom to check her pulse with one hand while his other hand keeps the gun trained on my head. His eyes flash with a heavy sadness. 
I brush the gun away from my head as if it were a fly and lean back over my mother. 
"I said move away from her!" He orders me. 
I look up at him with the most lethal stare I can muster and his mouth drops open. "What the...? Your eyes!" He stutters. 
The last time I saw my reflection, my eyes had a multitude of colors swirling throughout them like a marble. They look otherworldly. I don't have time to assure him of my good intentions. My mom is dying as we speak! 
"Do you mind?" I push his gun out of my face once again. "I can help her but I can't do it when you are pointing that thing at me!" Not waiting for his response, I look back down at my mom. She's stopped breathing. I place both of my hands over the wound in her side, praying it’s not too late. I close my eyes to concentrate and feel the silent tears slip past my lashes. I take several deep breaths to force my heart to return to a steady rhythm. I eventually find the ability to tune everything out and that's when I feel the power go out of me. 
At first it feels like a slight tingle that moves through my body and out of my fingertips. Then it gradually increases, feeling almost like an electrical current flowing from me and into my mother. I take several deep breaths and focus all of my energy on healing her. 
I've done this before, when my boyfriend was shot in the shoulder. It didn't feel like this though. I healed him with very little effort. Then again he had his own healing abilities. He also wasn't standing on death’s doorstep like my mother is. 
My mom gasps a deep breath of air. It's the most beautiful sound I've ever heard. I open my eyes to find her staring at me with eyes the same intense yellow as the man with the gun. Her skin is still a sickly white so I push myself to the limits trying to exert all of my healing powers on her. I watch as life slowly filters more and more into her eyes and her cheeks glow pink with warmth. 
"Willow." She says in a dry throaty whisper. 
The man next to me is too enthralled to do anything more than watch in utter disbelief. For the last five minutes he was witness to the transformation of my mother coming back to life. She makes a small noise and it’s enough for him to be brought back to the present. He reaches into a pack on his side, pulls out a canteen and puts it up to my mother's mouth. 
As if someone took the television off mute, the world around me erupts with the overpowering clamor of war. My head begins to spin as a splintering headache overtakes all of my senses. White stars dance in front of my eyes as my mother sits up looking at me with concern. 
"We have to go. Now!" An urgent, all too familiar voice calls out behind me. I look back cringing as every inch of movement causes a new piercing pain to echo through my skull. 
"Mr. Leroy?" I barely finish saying his name before a powerful pain blinds me. I feel myself crashing to the ground and then my world goes black. 


CHAPTER 2 (WAKE UP CALL.)

"SHE'S ONE OF THEM, ALICE." Mr. Leroy demands quietly. 
My brain is foggy and my body feels numb. I want to open my eyes and move but the effort seems overwhelming.
"No Leroy. Have you ever seen one of them show any sign of compassion? She healed me! I don't know how she did it, but she did. She is not one of them!" My mom does her best to try and hush her tone but her passion can't be contained. 
"Her eyes did have red in them." Another man's voice chimes in. I vaguely recognize it. 
I try to pry my eyelids open but they feel as if they've been glued shut. I still can't move my muscles.
"Yes, but they weren't solid red. There were a myriad of other colors too. None of the others displayed any type of symptom like that." My mom reminds them.
"Look Alice, I know she's your daughter, but that doesn't mean we can trust her. You know yourself just how much damage they can do." Mr. Leroy whispers.
"I know how much damage they can do. I also know that my daughter is not one of them! Yet, here you have her shackled to the bed like a criminal. She saved my life for goodness sake! Doesn’t that count for anything?"
"I know she did. Don't worry Alice; as soon as she wakes up we’ll be able to further assess the situation." The other man says. I vaguely hear him pat my mother's back.
"She is not a situation! She is my daughter, Anthony." 
I worry that my mom is getting too worked up. I don't know if she's completely healed but stress can't be good for her. I try harder to open my eyes. It feels as if I'm swimming through quicksand but eventually I manage to move my hand slightly. I blink my eyes until my eyelashes finally part and I can see the dim light of the room. 
"Honey!" My mom calls out. 
I watch her run to my side through blurry eyes. "Mo..." My voice cracks and I gasp for air. My throat feels like sandpaper and merely breathing through it hurts.
"Shh. It's okay sweety." My mom lifts a cup of water to my mouth. The soothing water slides down my throat and it feels so good. I drink greedily. 
When I try to reach up to grab the cup from her, my hands are stopped. I jerk away quickly and water runs down my chin and cheek. Looking down at my wrists I see the handcuffs holding my arms down next to my sides. I pull at them and hear the metal clink against the bedposts they are attached to. Startled, I give my mom a questioning look. 
A look of anger flashes across her face and she looks behind her. "Give me the key Leroy!" 
If I were Mr. Leroy, I would have obeyed immediately based on my mom's tone alone. 
"Not yet Alice, we need to make sure she's safe." He moves into my line of sight. The stunned look on his face tells me that he's only now noticed my eyes. He runs his hand through his shiny grey hair in confusion. 
He looks exactly the same as I remember him, apart from the yellow eyes. I first met Mr. Leroy outside of the shelter when we were waiting in line for permission to enter. He was just as ornery as he seems to be now. 
I hear the sound of metal snapping and suddenly my left arm is free. I look over to see my mom moving to the other side of my bed. 
"Stop!" Mr. Leroy yells out. 
My mom grabs the metal chain between the handcuffs that hold my right arm to the bedpost and she pulls. It didn't seem to take any effort on her part to snap the metal like it was a twig. 
I look at her surprised and then lift my hands up to take the cup of water that is sitting on a bedside table. I gulp more water down until I can get my throat comfortable enough to speak. "What's going on mom? Are you okay?" I reach forward to touch her side where the wound was but another hand stops me. 
I turn to see the man from the mountain. His hair is still as coppery red as I remembered and his neon yellow eyes assess me. I look down at his hand that is encircling my wrist. I try to yank my arm away but he doesn't budge. Either my pull was the weakest attempt ever or his grip is just that strong. 
"It's okay Anthony. She's not going to hurt me." My mom grabs my other hand and holds it up to where her wound was. "You healed me Willow. I don't even have a scar." 
The love and appreciation in her eyes opens up the waterworks. Tears run over my eyes and I shake with relief. Anthony lets go of my arm as mom sits on the bed next to me and pulls me into her arms. Dropping my head to her chest all I can do is sob, she is alive!! After all the months I am in her arms again. I still can't believe that she's alive. 
She runs her hands over my curls and rocks me back and forth repeating, "It's okay honey. You are safe. You are safe now love." 
It has been nearly four months since I lost my mom. She was supposed to go into the shelter with us but my little brother was denied entrance. Sebastian! 
I sit back and look into her eyes. "Sabby! Is he okay?" I have no idea if he survived or not. They told us that he had the virus…the same virus that has killed off millions of people and forced our government to implement Project ELE. 
She smiles really big and nods. "Yes honey. Sebastian is safe." 
"Is he sick?" I never saw anyone who got the virus but I was told that the virus caused the most excruciating pains. That's why they offered everyone a red shot when they were denied entry to the shelter. Knowing how painful the virus is, the government gave them a shot that would end the life of someone who was infected, if they chose that route. 
"No, he's as healthy as a horse. We gave him the survival shot and he never displayed any symptoms of the virus." 
The survival shot was the second shot that they gave to the people who were denied entry. The bright yellow shot was supposed to help sustain life. 
Hearing that both mom and Sabby are safe and alive is the most heart-warming news I've heard in a while. I continue to cry tears of joy. 
My mom pulls me into her arms again and comforts me until I am able to compose myself. "I love you Willow." 
I wipe away the tears and look up at her. "I love you too mom. I thought you were both gone. I still can't believe it." 
"I can't believe you're here." She rests her hands on my cheeks, looking me up and down, taking me in. Finally focusing on my eyes she whispers. "Amazing." 
A strange nervous feeling builds up as I wonder what she thinks of the new Willow. "It's kind of creepy, isn't it?" 
"If your eyes are creepy then you must think mine are out of this world. They practically glow in the dark." She jokes. "I've seen a healers eyes, but yours are a little different." 
"Different is a generous word to use for this psychedelic rainbow eye." I point up at my left eye. "The solid brown of my other eye makes it even creepier. They don't even match." 
My mom gives me a strange look. "No, your eyes match." She moves closer to examine them. "I hadn't noticed the rainbow though at first since it's so dark in here. Mostly they are a dark blue with a fleck of red. But, now that you mention it I can see a sort of rainbow prism thing going on. It's barely noticeable, yet it's quite remarkable." 
"What do you mean?" My eyes match? The colors are barely noticeable? I make a move to get off the bed but the man from the mountainside blocks me from getting up. 
"You can let my daughter up Anthony." My mom says in a scolding tone. "She's not going to hurt anyone." 
He gives me an unsure look but finally steps aside. 
Mr. Leroy interjects, "Sure, she didn't hurt you, but what will keep her from taking from us or the others? Perhaps she spared you because of your relation." 
"Come on! Have you seen any of those monsters show any compassion for a single person, let alone their own family? She is not like them." My mom looks thoroughly annoyed that she's having to go around with them again. 
"No, but we certainly can't risk allowing her to roam free." Mr. Leroy replies. 
"I was just looking for a mirror. I'm not trying to hurt anyone." I look around the room but I don't see any reflective surfaces readily available.
Tony takes a small step towards the door and something in his expression tells me he believes my mom when she said that I'm harmless. “I’ll get you that mirror. Stay there and rest.” I'm not sure if he is really having a change of heart when it comes to me or if he just wants an excuse to leave the room. It's an odd feeling having people afraid of me. I know deep down that I couldn't hurt a fly, but obviously Mr. Leroy and Tony both seem pretty creeped out. Well, maybe Tony isn't necessarily as creeped out as he is overly protective of my mom. I can't help wondering why that is. 
"Thank you. I just wanted to see my eyes, you know?" I tell Tony. I don't know why it matters to me at all if this guy thinks I'm vain, but I still feel the need to qualify my request. 
"No problem." He says and then he does something I would never expect, he smiles. I mean, it's not a huge smile but just a slight lift in his lips. Somehow that little smile comforts me. I can't put a finger on why it comforts me, but it does. I lie back on my bed and watch as he leaves the room. 
Mr. Leroy wastes no time once the door is securely closed behind Tony. He grabs a new set of handcuffs from a drawer, which has me wondering just how many sets are in there.
My mom darts up off the bed and moves impossibly fast, landing in front of me a millisecond later. "You are really starting to piss me off old man! I recommend you put those back where you found them and leave this instant." When he doesn't obey, she steps closer to him and whispers in a daunting voice that is completely foreign to me. "I don't think you want to test me. I can find some alternative ways to use those handcuffs on you that will not involve any sort of pleasure." Her hands clench into fists. 

I sit there completely awestruck at the situation and at how completely badass my mom has become. 
Mr. Leroy backs down and puts the handcuffs back in the drawer. "You better hope she's safe. It's not just your life you are risking here." He huffs out as he exits the room. 
My mom slams the door behind him and comes back to my bedside. "I'm sorry honey. I don't want to make an excuse for Mr. Grumps-A-lot," I smile remembering my old nickname for Mr. Leroy. She continues. "But, things are crazy on the outside. Actually crazy is an understatement. There's a war going on outside of the shelters. Those people, no, those monsters with the red eyes, they are deadly. They take and they kill with no feeling. They show no remorse." Her eyes look haunted. "I know you're not like them. He should never have compared you to them. But, he is cautious because you do have that red in your eyes. It has to be something different though. It's obviously not like what they have." 
"What do you mean? What do they have?" The image of the red-eyed people I encountered plays across my mind.
"Their ability is to take. They take until there is nothing left." My mom looks almost sick explaining this to me.
A shiver runs up my spine at my mom's statement. "How do they take?" 
It's obvious she doesn't like speaking about ’those people’, or monsters as she calls them. "I don't know the science of it, but they can touch people and empty them. In the process of doing whatever it is they do, they take peoples gifts, or powers. I've only seen it done once or twice because they don't have much to take from us since they already have our abilities." 
At the confusion on my face she clarifies. "The survival shot we took had some strange side effects. Much like whatever shot you took that caused your eyes to turn blue." I want to stop and ask her what she means because my eyes are certainly not just blue but I also want to hear more about these side effects, so I let her continue. "We not only can live off little sustenance, we also have super human strength. In addition we are quite fast. The others were like us at first. They had the survival shot. Things changed though when someone took the red shot subsequently. That shot was meant to kill and in a way it did. It killed their humanity. It also brought on a strange change in those people. We didn't know the extent of this change at first. It seems like forever ago but back then there were people around that had other abilities. Amazing ones, like your healing ability. They were the ones who took the immunization because they were accepted but then refused to enter the shelter because of their loved ones being denied. Some of those people with the different gifts started dying off or having what we thought were strokes that left them brain dead. It wasn't until the red eyed people increased in number that we realized what they were doing. They were collecting their powers! We call them Reapers." 
My mom takes a deep breath and looks like she's about to cry, so I lay my hand on top of hers in a comforting gesture. She blinks back the tears and continues. "We tried to kick them out when we figured out what was going on but they went on a massacre. They killed most everyone with unique powers and many of us as well during the fight. A lot of our friends died."
"I'm so sorry mom." I give her a hug to try and offer some semblance of comfort. "How did you all get away? I mean, it sounds like these people are pretty powerful if all they need to do is touch someone to kill them." 
"They are powerful, but not invincible. We out number them and that allowed us to fight them off eventually. Plus, they can't simply kill with a brief contact. It takes them a few moments to kill someone with their reaping ability." 
"What keeps them from attacking again?" I ask.
"Along with our super strength and speed, we have developed several defensive and offensive strategies to fight back." I notice a sort of proud gleam in her eye. Not pride in herself but pride in her people.
 "And we have an amazing leader who will lead us to victory." Anthony chimes in. I turn around to see him close the door. He clutches a small hand held mirror in his hand. 
"Oh, who is your leader?" I ask him. 
"You're sitting next to her." He smiles big. I realize that look that he has towards my mom now. It's pure unadulterated dedication and respect. 
He is her soldier? I turn in surprise to look at my mom. "Really?" 
She doesn't look too pleased that Anthony spilled the beans. "Yes. Along with several others, I help direct our people. The Reapers are trying to find a way into the shelter and we have to stop them."
"Why would they want to get into the shelter?" The answer pops into my mind immediately so I answer my own question. "They want more powers."
"Yes, but we won't let them get what they want." Anthony declares in a statement that seems like he's overly confident.
"I wonder if they know that not everyone inside the shelter has a gift. Or a power." I feel a bit goofy describing our new abilities as a power. It makes me think of super heroes and old comic books. 
"Not yet honey, but they will." My mom says. 
"We don't know how we got these abilities though." I counter.
She walks over to a window at the edge of the room. I hadn't paid much attention to it because of the blackout curtain that's covering it. She pulls back the curtain and sunlight filters into the room. I watch as dust motes dance around in the sunbeams. "We are pretty sure that everyone inside should have some sort of ability. It didn't take us long to realize that the immunizations had to be the reason for the changes. Most of the people inside haven't developed their powers yet because you are all underground. The sun is the only thing that will complete the change."
I had guessed as much. It was the only explanation that made sense. I stand up and walk towards the window. The sun is starting to set in the sky but it's still bright enough out that I can take in the surroundings. Not that there's much of anything out there anyhow. We are at least ten stories up. Down below, a Holiday Inn sign stands tall at the entrance of an overly large parking lot. I look back at the room that is now cast in brightness. The fake abstract prints and floral motif of the bedspread confirm that we are in fact in a hotel. Looking back out the window I see the mountain a few miles off in the distance. A knot in my stomach reminds me that my dad is still inside and my friends are missing. 
My heart starts pounding hard at the last thought. "Mom! My friends are out there somewhere. What if..." My sight goes blurry as tears well up in my eyes just thinking about the Reapers out there with them. "What if they got to them?" I whisper.
My mom's expression melts. Coming to my side, she reaches up and wipes away the tear that is running down my cheek. "What do you mean your friends are on the outside?" Her expression turns to worry.
I don't know where to start with the explanation of how Connor, Claire, my boyfriend Alec and I got outside. I decide to give her a rundown of the basic facts and succeed in spilling everything out in one long fast breath. "My friends and I found a cave inside the shelter that had sunlight pouring in. I guess now I know that this is how we started developing our um...abilities. Dr. Hastings, the man who runs the shelter found out about our abilities. Along with his son and his horrible goons, he locked my friends in the cave by blowing up the entrance. They kidnapped me and tried to run tests on me but I got away. When I finally made it back to help my friends I found the cave empty. They left a sign for me that had an arrow pointing to the outside wall to let me know they’ve escaped."
My mom has a look of confusion from my speedy recap that turns quickly to anger. "I can't believe..." She lets out a deep shaky breath. "I can't believe they would try to hurt innocent kids! We need to find out what's going on in there fast. Wait. How did your friends escape? Was there an exit in the cave?"
"If there is, we need to know about it. The Reapers could try to use it as a way to gain access." Anthony chimes in, understanding my mother's line of thinking.
"No, there isn't a way in and out for a normal person. Connor, one of my friends, is able to pass through objects. He must have found a way to use his gift to get Alec and Claire free too." I say. 
"Wait, how did you get out?" My mom asks.
I look down at my hands and then back up at her. "I can kind of do more than just heal. I can pretty much do anything my friends can do, like pass through walls and stuff."
My mom looks at me with wide eyes. "And stuff?" 
I nod my head. "I can heal, pass through things, listen to peoples thoughts, go invisible and compel people. That's pretty much it." 
My mom still looks a bit shocked. "Wow." Is all she says. 
We sit there staring at each other in silence for a moment; then I change the subject. "If those Reapers are as horrible as you say they are, then we need to find my friends fast." 
My mom crinkles her eyebrows in worry. "Okay. We'll begin searching for them first thing in the morning." She turns her sights on Anthony. "We will need to assemble some of the fighters for the search." 
"Yes ma'am. I will get on that right away." He moves to the far side of the room and begins talking quickly into a handheld radio.
I push my shoulders back and stand up tall as I turn and tell my mother, "I will fight with you."
A proud look flashes in her neon yellow eyes. "You are too young to fight."
A flame of heat hits my cheeks as I respond. "I am not too young! I can learn to fight. I need to fight. My dad is in there and my friends are somewhere on the outside. I have to help them." I point my finger towards the mountain in emphasis.
She gives me an appeasing look and says. "I know you can learn honey. You would be a great fighter but you would be much more useful here. Your healing gifts alone would be instrumental to our cause." 
"I need to help with this. I can do a lot more than heal mom." This may seem immature but I feel as if I've been through too much in the past few weeks to just sit on the sidelines now. 
"I know you can." She says.
I open my mouth to argue but she holds her hand up between us to stop me. "Look, we can talk more about this tomorrow but right now you need to get some rest. You have been through a lot and you need to allow your body time to recuperate." 
I want to stomp my feet and throw some form of teenage fit but I know that it wouldn’t help my case. Surprisingly, I do feel a little tired now. "Fine. We will talk about this tomorrow before the search party leaves. But first, can I see Sebastian?" 
She smiles. "He's actually already in bed for the night but I will bring him in first thing in the morning. I promise." She pulls me into a hug. "Now get some rest." 
The bedside clock tells me that it's only seven p.m. I decide not to argue about the time. "Okay, goodnight. I love you." I give her a hug.
"Goodnight." She says. She pushes the blackout curtain back across the window. 
"Goodnight Willow." Anthony calls out.
I had totally forgotten he was in the room. He walks over and hands the mirror to me. "Thank you. Goodnight Anthony." 
"You can call me Tony." He smiles but the smile doesn't quite reach his yellow eyes. Anthony, or Tony, is a rather good-looking guy with that copper hair of his that looks almost auburn in this light. I would think he would even be considered handsome. There's something there though, in his eyes and the way he carries himself, that tells me he's been through a lot. He looks almost haunted. 
I nod my head in acknowledgement before he turns to leave the room. My mom gives me one last hug and exits a second later. 
I take a deep breath and plop down on the bed. This has been a crazy day. At least I hope it's still the same day. I really should have clarified with my mom before she left. 
The last time I woke up in a strange room was when I fell and broke my arm in the tunnels that led to our cave. Alec had carried me all the way to the medical station. That time several days had passed. That can't happen now. I need to find my friends and I need to do it soon. I decide that one way or another I will be joining that search party. 
I lie back against my pillow and pull the mirror up to examine my eyes. The first thing I notice is how tired I look. I position the mirror closer to look at my eyes. They both match now. The blue is the most predominant color but I can still see all of the other colors swirling together here and there. The red fleck is noticeable and can be seen in both eyes. Weird. 
Feeling overwhelmingly exhausted all of a sudden, I place the mirror on the bedside table and close my eyes. 



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

First thanks goes to our awesome God and His Son for all of his amazing blessings. A million hugs and kisses to our wonderful supportive family and friends whose love and encouragement make us who we are. A special thank you to all of our fans and book blog sites that have supported our books. You encourage us more than you could ever know. You are why we write! A big thanks to the most amazing book cover designing genius: Marya Heiman from Strong Image Editing. You rock our socks! A million thanks to Mandy Buchanan from LEO editing for making our book sparkle brighter than a vampire in the sun! A huge shout out to all of our fellow Indie authors! There is so much teamwork and support that goes on between fellow authors in the indie community and we are so grateful for it.
"Thank you to my amazing husband Adam, who listened to endless ranting about our new apocalyptic series and who gave me ingeniously creative ideas to implement in the series. A dozen thanks to my kiddos Trinity and Aiden, who put up with my 'cave' time and my endless hogging of the computer. I love y'all more than a trillion dark chocolate Godiva truffles! A paw shake goes out to my not so little puppy Neo for laying by my side on my late night writing sessions. Ps: Thank you Red Bull for my writing wings." ~Rebecca
"Thank you to my hubby Kevin who has supported my work even when I work through the night.  Thank you to my kids: Cameron, Chloe and Kaleb, who are the inspiration for many of the silly scenes in the book.  Thank you for your understanding when I have to write causing us to do our homeschool at night.  You three are the best!  Thank you to my two doggies who keep my feet warm while I write.  Wintertime just wouldn't be the same without you.  And a final thank you to my extended family...my mother and grandparents specifically.  You supported me from day one on this crazy adventure of mine.  You are ALWAYS there when I need you and for that I am truly grateful.  So, it's this book that I dedicate to you.  Thank you for bringing me all the happiness and joy in the world.  I love you both to pieces.  ~Courtney


ABOUT THE AUTHORS

Rebecca and Courtney are downhome country girls powered by chocolate and other random late night cravings.  Coined in southern twang they bring new meaning to the word y’all.  BFI’s since the 6th grade, with a knack for getting into sticky situations, has resulted in countless ideas to write about for years to come.












For information regarding our content disclosure system, please visit our website or utilize the QR code above with your smartphone.







"Sweet is the voice of a sister in the season of sorrow." 
~Benjamin Disraeli




I ached for sleep to come last night but, as usual, my mulling mind prevented it. At least this time there is a cause for the clutter that has risen in these still hours.  In too short of time, I will fight in court for any outcome but the fourth, the one that haunts my wakefulness.
 Hour after restless hour, I’ve battled to allow only matters of this afternoon’s hearing to enter my mind. I’ve incessantly reviewed my plans to advocate for the best possible result. But in my vulnerable state, a sorrowful image pushes its way into my thoughts to remind me why the hearing is necessary.
It’s a few hours before sunrise and I crave sleep still, but it has betrayed me once again. At this point, even any sleep an iota is an impossible prayer. I lie hollowly under my tattered sheets, staring at the ceiling that hovers over me. I prefer lying in emptiness to the alternative that could overcome me in a moment. If I lie here any longer my past will seep through my mind and into my heart, and I can’t allow that. I have to get up. I am practiced at replacing the threat of remembering with doing. 
I tussle the tangled sheets loose from my legs and sit on the edge of my bed. Already my weary body loathes my mind’s resolve to escape my thoughts in the only way I have found that works—running. 
I run for two unwavering reasons. For one, I can’t spend another second bottled up in my thoughts, fretting over situations I can neither predict nor alter. More importantly, I expect a time will come when I’ll really need to escape, not as a temporary outlet, but as a permanent solution to my menacing reality. I’ll have to be ready to run fast—faster than their technology can trace and their arsenal of weapons can stop or kill. 
 I slip my tablet from its dust-lined case. Outdated as it is, it is still in pristine condition. While most people, and undoubtedly all other teenage girls, live with their tablets glued to their sides like an inseparable companion, mine spends its days trapped in its protective case, lying alone on the nightstand adjacent to my bed. I have some items secured in a fragile wooden box that is tucked safely into the back of a dresser drawer. They go untouched for months, or even years at times, because they are cherished. My tablet is not such a precious commodity to me. I hate it. It appears so cared for because I neglect it, contrary to the common law of society. 
The seam nearly disappears as the shiny black device unfolds into one sleek touch screen. The tablet immediately perks up from its coma and demands that I identify myself. I wish I could wake up from the daze left by my insomnia that quickly. Like a vacationer returning to their pampered pet, I swear I can sense my tablet’s outward grudge and inward excitement that I’m finally back to pay it attention. 
The square-inch scanner sits between the built-in camera lens and microphone on my tablet, neither of which I trust. It examines the contours of my thumbprint, and then prompts me to type my password. I clumsily touch the characters on the translucent keyboard that match the lengthy password that I’m bitter to have to recreate each month. This month, I’m using an alternation between the letters of my name, Sydney Harter, and my social security number, which is bar-coded on the chip in my right wrist. 
As is more frequent for me than most, my stubborn tablet also requires voice authentication since it has remained powered-down for more than twenty-four hours, much more.
“Demetri,” I whisper. Resentfully, my tablet fires an Authentication Denied error at me. I clear my throat and raise the microphone closer to my lips. Lack of sleep the last few nights, and this afternoon’s stakes, have heightened my emotions. As I say his name a second time, my eyes well and an unexpected tear falls before I recoil, remind myself that he’s dead, and face the fact that he is not here to help me, and neither is anyone else.
Finally my tablet forgives me and allows me to access a world drowned by media, data, and communication. This is the world that others choose to live in—most unaware that any other one exists. 
Notification bubbles erupt on the screen and their accompanying pings pain my tired, overwrought mind. I have five new messages, but I’m not alerted like my tablet desires, nor am I the least bit interested. I tap Dismiss All and get on with why I’ve come to this device’s mercy in the first place; I’m seeking a remedy that will take an edge off the twinges that my dilapidated body suffers and will perhaps even reverse its decay. Technology is good for some things.
As always, I have the predictability feature enabled, so when I direct my tablet to inspect my health, it automatically bypasses the emotional and psychological health reviews and displays my physical statistics instead. Here again, technology is tolerated, even preferred. It’s cold, emotionless, and doesn’t pry once I’ve made it known that I have no intention of having my emotions or psyche probed.
I’m not surprised to see that there are a number of yellow health alerts since I’ve been sleeping fitfully, if at all, and haven’t eaten well lately. Low iron, low vitamins D and B-12, mild dehydration, and menstruation period beginning. Great. Just when I thought the fatigue and emotional instability I’ve been experiencing couldn’t be more aggravating.
My tablet accompanies me as I trudge from my bedroom to the equally tight kitchenette. I tug on the knob that opens the little cabinet above the sink. Not yet ready to turn on the fluorescent lights, I direct my tablet’s glow on the various pill bottles. On my tiptoes, I squint to read the labels and select what I have of the medley that my tablet specified for me. If I had more funds available in the chip that resides within me, I’d indulge in more vitamins and minerals. Next would be a new pair of runners.
I gulp down the pills and half a bottle of cold water from the refrigerator. By the time this effort can begin to promote bodily repair, I’ll have begun depleting it of its already lacking strength. I refill the half-empty bottle with lukewarm tap water and place it in the freezer. 
In my barren bedroom, I pull on my sleek, black running attire. To my tablet’s sorrow, my gear is a more prized possession than it. I wrap my tangled, chestnut hair into a tight ponytail, and secure my overgrown bangs away from my face with the spiraled, turquoise headband that hangs from the knob of my top dresser drawer. 
For curiosity’s sake, I tug at the bottom drawer. Of course, it’s jammed and won’t budge. Why would I think otherwise? The furnishings don’t know they should be prepared to host a guest. 
This drawer has been a nuisance since I first moved in. I’m irritated enough that I could work on it now, but fixing and emptying the drawer will have to wait until after the sun has risen. With any luck, the decrepit dresser will be struggling to withstand a heap of teenage glamour by this evening. But luck has never been on my side, so I don’t allow my hopes to rise too high.
Reaching under my bed, I pull out my waterproof pack, deliberately stocked with defense and survival tools. It carries a folded knife, three protein bars and dried seaweed, a matchbook, a tiny, high-powered flashlight, a plastic bag of tinder, and a tin that contains a needle, a spool of thread, three fishhooks, a few butterfly bandages, a tiny tube of ointment, and two aspirin. 
Back in the kitchen, I draw the chilled water bottle from the freezer and slide it into its designated place in my pack. I tighten the straps that both secure the contents and fasten it to the buckles on the back of my shirt, intelligently engineered for performance. 
By the time I lace my runners, I’m done feeling sorry for myself, and am determined to prove the thickness of my skin. 
I quietly lock up behind me and head toward the miniature window at the opposite end of the hallway, can’t possibly fulfill the fire code. I am especially stealthy as I cross the central entryway of the transitions building. When I reach the space in front of the window, I pause to look and listen for movement. When I’m confident there is no one stirring in the building, I effortlessly pull myself onto the waist-high ledge, using the weak framing for my stronghold. 
A quick glance over my shoulder confirms that I am the only nonconformist that prefers the peacefulness of four o’clock in the morning to the bustle of bodies that intensifies throughout the day and late into the night. I’m not sure if it’s the noise and chaos that bother me or simply their demeanor. All are constantly engaged in their media, yet cold and aloof to those who surround them—to people who could use the interaction and are starving for help.
I swiftly slip my key under the ceiling tile above the window and noiselessly dismount from the window ledge. I am a ghost as I exit out the back door of the transitions building. A mere instant after I push the door closed, my feet are in motion.
The atmosphere is calm and chilly this early, but also heavy with moisture and swathed in the stench of the city. My nostrils flare with each inhalation. This tainted air doesn’t belong to me. I run easily through the moonlit streets toward the air and scenery for which I yearn. Only there can I escape the possibilities that plague me long enough to regain the sharpness of mind needed to process them. 
A few minutes into my route, the city stench and the beeps of the grounds and waste management crews readying the streets for another day become fewer and more remote. Finally, I detect the aroma of life nourished with fresh air. This is my air. It fills my soul and propels my lightened feet to their destination—the Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, building positioned between Sector Seven and Eight.
 This EPA building is one of twelve that line the circumference of Miles County. It is sometimes referred to as EPA 240 because it is 240 degrees clockwise from the northernmost EPA in Miles. Most often, however, it is called EPA 7-8, as it marks the invisible border between the two sectors. 
 Government officials crafted the 2015 population bill to disunite the nation’s states in an effort to appear too preoccupied to join our allies in war. However, the balance was delicate because a disarrayed nation would certainly attract the lustrous eyes of power-hungry nations. Those times, and especially the aftermath, were unstable, more so than the present. 
Four historic time zones and three disproportionate latitudinal sections now divide the formerly unified nation into twelve distinctive regions. Circular borders were construed around the twelve most populated areas within each of the twelve regions. All citizens living outside of the nation’s one hundred forty-four counties were given offensive financial settlements and then forced to leave their homes and relocate inside their assigned county. To conclude the obsession, these overpopulated counties were all split into twelve sectors, marked by the equally distanced EPA buildings.
Each EPA was formed for the same outward purpose, to preserve the natural world that our ancestors were destroying at an exponential rate, soon to make the world uninhabitable if left unchallenged and unreformed, or so the old propaganda says. I suspect the government has used this rationale to veil their chief intent—to institute ever-watchful eyes guarding against attempts from citizens to flee their experimental Petri dish.
It took me at least ten attempts to scale this wall the first time I tried. Today, I execute the undertaking without thought or sweat. My movements from one hold to the next are now so ingrained that I easily accomplish the climb despite the predawn darkness. 
The only detail that continually needs attention is my timing under the rotation of the camera mounted on the corner of EPA 7-8. I can’t risk that my clothing, pack, or even a wisp of hair be detected by surveillance when I propel myself atop the building. I don’t know whether it’s environmental protection agents or some government-created task force who are the observers on the other side of the camera’s lens. Whoever they are, I know that they don’t have to distinguish a face to determine whom it was that breached. They can locate an escapee’s position the very instant that they glimpse an oddity by cataloging all nearby chips. Depending on how many miles a runaway has attained, they may earn at most five minutes of freedom before they’re captured, held, and interrogated in a manner I assume to be sinister.
I safely slink on top of the roof and continue to study the camera’s position. The first time I foolishly jumped just over two years ago, I was extremely lucky. The next time, and every time thereafter, I’ve calculated. I have precisely twenty-two seconds to disappear before the camera scans the landscape, which must appear undisturbed.
	I methodically count down the seconds as I jog toward the far side of the roof and double-check the vacant street. Ten seconds until optimal jump time. I focus on the dim ledge opposite me. Five. Four. I bolt from my line and instantaneously push off the ledge at one.
	Paralyzing pulses radiate through my body for two excruciating seconds as I’m propelled through the fifteen-foot, high-voltage barrier that encompasses Miles. I snap myself alert and am able to gasp for air right before I splash into the holding pond whose northern bank nearly meets the fringe of the barrier. Lifelessly, I sink to the bottom, holding my breath and counting the seconds required for the ripples to subside and the camera to pass over the place where I lay waiting. 
Scouring Miles’ borders over the last few years, I’ve encountered only this plausible point of exit. The building’s slight altitude allows me time, and therefore distance, to get to, through, and past the barrier—a cruel entrapment designed to shock those who tempt it and kill those who defy it. But its design is imperfect, because the higher the escapee’s chip is elevated above the underground line, the less shock they endure. I can’t recall the pain from my first careless jump, but I always soar with my right arm up, just in hope that it may make a difference. It’s imperative that I stay conscious and cognizant enough to inhale before the splash. 
The pond was the only consideration I made when selecting this spot to jump from a couple of years ago. Jumping from the height that I was, I knew an absorbent landing was crucial for me to evade serious injury. I hoped it was enough to not become a mangled mess. I was desperate then. I needed out so terribly that I wasn’t concerned by the threat of death by electrocution. Since then, I have found no suitable alternative location, and so, I can never falter.
I emerge subtly and breathe in the intoxicating air. I swim above the deepening water for a pinch, until the camera moves slowly in my direction and sends me below. Poised and content, I swim underwater until I know I’m in the clear to surface for air. 
I continue the timing game once more as I creep toward the steep bank and ready myself. When the time comes, I spring from the water and dart through the thick grasses to a broad larch tree. The forestry encircling Miles has been planted with various species of deciduous trees, but as my timing game progresses, it’s the towering, native, conifers that dominate.
My sense for the camera nearing has developed over the last two years to where it feels almost innate. Finally, I’m certain the density of the forest is adequate cover, and I can forfeit the timing game.
I draw off my soaking wet outer clothes and hang them across the needles extending from a low-hanging branch. After a quick stretch and an indulgent examination of two neighboring types of ferns, I accelerate into a brisk run through the old-growth forest. 
There isn’t another soul in my haven, but I come out here to race—not against someone but something. My legs tire, my mouth dries, my left side aches, and my head pounds. Still I run, harder and harder with each twinge of pain. They propel me. My pain fuels me. I think of nothing but pushing through it. This is my release. This is the only time and place that I am able to let go of all that troubles my mind.
I purposely veer toward the obstacles on the forest floor—fallen branches, protruding rocks, and the intricate mounds and tunnels formed by pocket gophers. I jump swiftly at full speed and land solidly on my ever-strengthening ankles. I hardly notice twigs that scrape my exposed arms and legs as I lunge by. After some time sprinting and bounding around the rough terrain, the vitamins surrender to my will to deplete my final ounces of strength. 
The forestry has been changing to include colorful aspen and Rocky Mountain maple, but overall the trees have thinned. I’m approaching my favorite destination on earth. I drive myself forward with all remnants of strength and run as hard as I can uphill—to the highest and farthest point I’ve dared to reach in my forest ventures.
The plight uphill seems as lengthy and exhausting as the rest of this endeavor today. I’m utterly spent. An onlooker would never guess that this slow motion is absolutely as fast as I can push myself to go, having not watched my entire journey here from the stench of Miles’ Sector Seven. 
I collapse on the summit just as the sun’s first rays begin to brighten the sullen sky. It takes a couple of minutes for me to recuperate enough to sit up and enjoy the astounding beauty of the sunrise. My breathing regulates as I take in the powerful, golden sun rising above the vast expanse of woodland hills interlaced with peaceful, clear streams. 
This time of year, when the leaves are just beginning to transform into a variety of yellows and oranges, is my unsurpassable favorite. The colors are exaggerated and the overall view enriched by the backdrop of the stoic evergreens. Even the city looks attractive from this distance. I can see the tops of the tightly packed skyscrapers that stand in the center of Miles, and can gain a general sense of the breadth of the suburbs that used to be inhabited beyond the border. Forest and rocky hills surround the rest for as far as I can see into the mighty rays of the dawn. 
Perhaps The United States’ leaders did preserve a precious gift when the population bill was passed, and people were made to relinquish their scattered homes and concentrate in the counties. It truly would be a dismal world if this beauty existed nowhere.  
But yet, what good is our sacrifice if we’re not allowed to see its result? For our children’s children, the propagandist would say. Still, it’s so unfortunate that the people of Miles will never stand below the overarching branches of a forest or atop a hill that overlooks it all. They only see these things in pictures.  Citizens experience all the natural beauty their lifetime will allow when they enjoy a controlled walk along the invisible, yet gravely known, barrier of Miles County. They look at the trees, smell the pine, listen to the birds sing, and smile. 
I’m ruined for that. I’ve seen infinite beauty, the way my ancestors in this region did. I suppose more souls would be likened to mine if others could take in the magnificence that I have earned my right to see. They might begin to question their telltale lives and search for deeper meaning and truer pleasure, like I do.
There it goes. I have stolen my own peace. One dissenting thought and my mind is again bombarded with possible scenarios for this afternoon, and what each outcome might mean. I need to have my Evvie back. She is my rock of sanity and sole reason for existing. My little sister keeps my heart light and, sometimes against my will, connects me to the modern world. Without her, I become fixed in my own thoughts and solitude. I know that’s not healthy, but my tablet and I simply haven’t been able to coexist. 
In reverse, I fear how our long separation may have changed Evvie. Sometimes during an overnight stay, I notice that the front she puts up breaks and a giddy, teenage girl— affected by undulating, noxious media—breaks through. Over the last two years, she has lived surrounded by an uncontested presence of people that live and breathe a sickening blend of high technology and high fashion. This can only have stunted Evvie’s impressionable mind. Reaping those poisons from her, and helping her remember which elements of the world still hold meaning, could be quite an undertaking, but one I’m prepared to take on. 
None of this matters though—unless I can get her back.



I’m on my feet again, leisurely descending the hill to give my outerwear time to dry and my mind the time it needs to process all that hassles it. Scenario one is least likely. I’ve never heard of it being granted, but it is within the realm of possibilities. In this odd chance, Evvie would be given a variance to live with me under Merideth’s continued guardianship. If my sister is able to live under my care, it is more plausible that this would have been granted through scenario two. I would be allowed to legally adopt Evvie, putting the next four years of her life on my parenting account, in accordance with the law. 
Everyone in Miles is allowed thirty-six combined years of parenting. I presume this to be uniform throughout the disjoint nation, but I guess I’ve never looked into it. This is just one piece of the finely printed details of the 2015 bill to contain population growth. Notice the wording. They didn’t choose reduce or control, but contain. This broad and ambiguous wording was intentional. It did not prevent the government from immediately construing and enforcing a physical and numerical boundary.
Adopting my little sister in accordance with scenario two would allow me to bear only one child of my own, if I ever decide to do so. Additionally, I could adopt and raise a four-year-old who has been orphaned, and whose otherwise willing relatives all already have two children. Similarly, I could foster three or four teenage girls, depending on their ages, until they turn eighteen. Doing this would eradicate their chances of facing the prevalent abuse that comes from male fosters that adopt young girls from the orphanage. I have considered adoption of this type to be a part of my future. I know what it’s like to fear that fate.
It’s a nonsensical and unjust system, especially for the unfortunate children who mourn the recent loss of their parents, and aren’t allowed consolation and care from their loving relatives. Instead, the cold authority of the law requires these tragic children to be stuffed into the overcrowded orphanage. There, children wait to be handed over to any requesting guardian or foster, suitable or not. 
My sister and I didn’t have a single living relative left when my mom died, so the orphanage was as good a place as any for us. We didn’t find the system quite as unforgiving as children who had relatives they could have lived with, if not for the law. 
Scenario three is the status quo. Evvie continues to be the foster child of Merideth Layton and is not granted a variance to live with me. It’s not what I’m hoping for, but Evvie would be plenty fortunate to live out her ‘childhood’ under Merideth’s guardianship. 
Merideth is safe, means well, and doesn’t live terribly far from the transitions building in Sector Seven where I live. Merideth can also give Evvie a lot of worldly things that I can’t dream of affording. Some of these things I would refuse to provide even if I could. To me, it’s critical that Evvie grows stronger and wiser than the average inhabitant, and those traits aren’t fostered by possessions from the trendy, technological, and media-infested world.
The fourth scenario is the one that I refuse to allow. This is only a possibility if for some reason Merideth forfeits her guardianship of Evvie, but the county does not transfer that guardianship to me. Such a situation would leave Evvie in the hands of Miles’ governing body as she approaches a fragile age for orphaned girls. My stomach roils as I walk through the thickening forest. The slimy leadership looks the other way as despicable men adopt and either keep the girls to themselves or enslave them in underground brothels. That’s a poison that no amount of love could erase from Evvie’s heart. She would forever be a broken woman, assuming she could even get out at eighteen.
Such an adoption would undoubtedly be a closed one, where I’m not permitted an iota of knowledge about who has custody of my sister or in which sector she’ll reside. These girls vanish underground. Their instruction monitors mark them truant, and eventually it’s assumed they’ve dropped out of school. Evvie’s TabFile rarely goes a few hours without an update, but it would sit untouched for days. Her friends would wonder, What’s up with Evvie lately? I would know. 
I can’t risk losing her like that. If that verdict is delivered today, I’ll make sure she never leaves the orphanage unless it’s with me under the glow of the moonlight. I have to be ready for anything.
I drag my damp clothes from the branch overhead and pull them on, turning my tenseness into a renewed will. I suck down the last of the water from my pack with an aspirin for my knotting stomach. I tuck the bottle back inside my pack, along with not much more than the flowering part of two sunflower plants that I picked at the foot of the hill. 
I head toward a lake formerly called Spotted-Eagle, which is due west of my entrance pond. The circle around the south side of the lake is relaxed. With my shoes sticking in the muddy bank, I bend down and fill my bottle with water, and place the sunflowers inside. When I reach Spotted-Eagle’s northwestern bank, I shut and reattach my pack.
The rotation of the cameras on EPA 7-8 and EPA 8-9 are shrewdly synced to maximize exposure outside the county’s limits. When I first sense that I’m within viewing distance, I duck into the cover of tall, weedy growths that sideline the lake. I slowly creep through the brush; searching with my hands for the large stones I’ve laid to mark my crawling path. 
Here it is. I have transformed the former home of a pocket gopher or a large rodent to stow a pair of binoculars. The binoculars are needed to outwit the cameras and to check for early morning occupants of the street. I check for people and cars first. There are none. Next, I spy on the 7-8 camera to my right. I nod my head to count the seconds as I scan across to the 8-9 camera. After calculating, I replace the binoculars and bury them shallowly. The timing game begins again. 
I dart short distances, carefully angling my body behind grasses, bushes, and scattered clusters of young larch, ash, and aspen that aim to add to the effectiveness of the electric barrier. I suppose they have thickened and grown, but they’re nothing impressive compared to the forestry surrounding my exiting point.
I’m careful to turn this way and that as to avoid the view of both cameras as I approach the only bur oak I’ve ever encountered. It stands tall and sturdy amid the two EPA buildings, with two overarching, parallel branches that reach into Miles.
By the time I arrive at my reentry oak, I’ve regained plenty of strength to climb to the lower of the twin branches. Aware of the watchful eyes that are alert even at this hour, I wrap my arms high around the tree and raise my right foot to a knot that sits at my naval. I pull myself up the tree and quickly change my hold. This is the pinnacle of the excursion. I unwrap my arms and clench grips of bark with just my shaking fingertips. Dropping my head, I push through the seconds until I can release my tortured fingers from their narrow holds at my shoulders. My arms envelop the trunk again, but there’s not a moment to recover. The next and final branch of the climb has to be done with haste, yet precision. 
My final foothold to mount the lower branch faces town. I quickly power up and around to it and hoist myself up to grapple tackle the chest-level limb. Swinging atop it, I use the trunk to stand—my feet now elevated about eight feet above ground. I take hold of the higher branch at my rib cage to steady myself as I jut toward Miles County. 
With each stride outward, the bottom branch sags more under my weight. Just before the inner ring of the electric barrier, I begin to endure pulsating shocks as my chip advances toward the consuming underground wire that drives the force field. There’s no time for timidity as I dart across the thinning and warping strength of the oak’s limbs.
I know I’m across the barrier once my fingertips no longer reach the top branch. My feet are the only surfaces connecting me to the oak, but I don’t fret over poor their balance for as soon as my hands are free, I confidently step backward off the branch. Both hands firmly grab the lower branch as I fall, and hang on for just an instant to slow my decent and save my heels. 
After a bit of a tumble, I stand tall, check the camera and the street, brush my palms against my pant legs, and release a sigh of relief. From Sector Eight where I’ve landed, I round off today’s run with a light trot back to the transitional-living center in Sector Seven.
My building is as dormant two hours later as it was when I crept out before daybreak. There are still no passersby to concern me while I retrieve my key from under the ceiling tile. I head inside, lay my pack on the floor, and squelch off my wet shoes. I head to the bathroom to rally through a cold shower that will wash the evidence of the earth from my hair and fingernails.
Afterward, I draw on a silky, simple black dress that belonged to my mother. She had only worn it once, to my grandmother’s funeral service. It feels crisp and stiff, and reminds me why I hate dressing up. I wasn’t made to belong in the city. This dress is all I own that can attempt to transform me into the presentable, responsible young adult that I need to be in front of the judge this afternoon. 
For good measure, I extract a small jewelry box from my rickety, top dresser drawer. From under the delicate lid, I remove a strand of Tahitian pearls that also belonged to my mother. I clasp them around my neck, and poke in the matching earrings. Examining myself in the full-length mirror that lazily rests against the side of the dresser, I find that I do appear a little older, and certainly more financially secure, in this sleek attire with my hair tucked into a low barrette. I feel uncomfortable, and look strangely foreign to myself, but this appearance can only help my case.
I think about eating, but I’m too nervous to muster an appetite. It may come all on its own in a half an hour or so. I’m usually famished about an hour after a hard run. 
My body is still tired, and desperately wants to flop across my bed, but instead I sit neatly on the edge, being careful not to wrinkle the dress. 
This time, my tablet unlocks readily when I open it and press my thumb to the scanner. Oddly, I’m a little disappointed that it doesn’t ask for my typed and oral password. Maybe my tablet boycott over the last few days was feeding an underlying desire to say my father’s name. My stubbornness was certainly meant to further escape from reality until today, when I need to be present and focused for Evvie.
I still don’t bother listening to any of the older messages of which I’m again notified. They’re all too predictable. The first one I delete permanently is from my instruction monitor, likely to nag me about fulfillment of my weekly EduWeb hour quota. I agonized through a few hours on Monday, but completed none while my tablet hibernated the rest of the week. 
Another of the older messages is from Evvie, probably just to check on me in her sweet, motherly way. She worries about me living all alone just as much as I worry about her living apart from me. There are three new messages from Merideth, which is atypical, but understandable with the trial being this afternoon. I’m sure one, if not two, of those are to remind me about meeting at the coffee shop next to the courthouse at ten o’clock this morning. I’ll see her soon enough and I’ll deal with listening to her then, when I absolutely have to.
The three additional missed messages that weren’t there at four o’clock this morning gravely concern me. While I was out I received a no subject call from Evelette Harter at 4:37 AM. At 5:11 AM, she called again, adding urgent to the description. At 5:56 AM, Evvie left another urgent message. I tap this notice and listen intently, my heart beginning to race.
“Sydney?” Immediately my heart caves as I listen to my sister’s tearful tone. “I can’t sleep. I’m worried about tomorrow.” Today, she should have said. She was probably hopeful at that time that she’d fall asleep and rise after the sun, making it feel like a new day. There’s a long pause, followed by a carefully whispered message. “Think of a way that I can talk to you even if I don’t get to come with you. Meri can’t know, only you. It’s extremely important, Syd. Try to figure something out… I can’t.”
“Call Evelette Harter,” I tell my tablet more urgently and less carefully than Evvie was wise to sound. 
“Calling Evelette Harter, Yes?” it asks aloud.
“No. Cancel call,” I command. 
“Canceling call, Yes?” 
“Yes,” I confirm. I don’t want to wake Evvie if she’s managed to fall asleep, but that’s not the main reason I change my mind about returning her call. I can’t give into by my instincts, which scream for me to call my little sister, to see what’s bothering her, and to tell her that I’ll make everything all right. Believing that freedom of speech exists is a costly mistake. I need to take time to consider my reaction to Evvie’s call. I also want her to trust that I have a plan when she does hear from me, and the best way to convince her of that is to figure one out.
Before now, I hadn’t considered that Evvie might have a desire to escape should none of the first three scenarios be granted. She has no idea that I already plan to steal her away from the orphanage and attempt to get out of Miles if scenario four is her fate. This might be a suicide plan, but like that day two years ago when I first made the jump, what choice do I have? 
Veering from my EduWeb requirements, I once read an article on the Internet about a refugee who tried to escape into the mountains surrounding his county. The article didn’t say which, but there is a prominent mountain range within Region Two, so he could have been an escapee from a neighboring county. This man must be really smart and crafty, or he must have been that way if he’s no longer alive.
He allegedly jumped the barrier and booked it toward the distant mountain, which is much farther off than the close cover I’m lucky to have surrounding Miles. The article’s daring writer almost highlighted the man’s genius and bravery. The picture showed a stout Mexican-American man with a beaming smile. It was captioned: Rico Aves, a Man for True Freedom.
I spent some time looking for archived articles by the same newspaper or magazine, whichever it was. I also searched for information on the history of the free man. In both fields, I found nothing, not a single trace of this Rico Aves or the source that glorified him. An hour later, when I thought of something else to search, the domain of the article produced no results. The site had been blocked or disabled. 
I have two theories regarding this man, and since this is the only escapee attempt I’ve ever heard of, I guess it’s appropriate to say that I have two theories regarding all refugees. One theory is that Rico Aves was tracked and sent for. Some secretive, special task force captured him and he either remains in their custody still, or is dead, and that’s why nothing of his history can be found. 
My second theory is that the government was paying no special attention to this man. He escaped easily, and was welcomed into the neighboring nation to the north. In this theory, Rico Aves smiles to encourage me. He invites me to join him in true freedom.
I can’t know which theory is true, but I hope for the latter. My plan stands. I don’t have proof of a single case where someone has escaped and made it, but that doesn’t deter me. I would rather us both be dead then chance Evvie being abused or enslaved underground. I won’t sit powerlessly as somewhere, by the hand of someone, Evvie cries for help. 
I need a way to guardedly detail my plan out for her, should the worst happen.



“I have to tell you something important, okay sweetie?” says the woman with dark gray hair pulled into a long, low ponytail. She goes on when the little girl smiles and gives a modest nod. “It breaks my heart to make you grow up so fast, but it doesn’t seem I’ve been given any choice.” She crouches even lower and leans in to hold both tiny hands in hers. “Have you ever noticed how you don’t see very old people around, sweetheart?” she begins.
The little girl with long, shiny locks twists her face and says, “I see old people, Grandma.” She tosses hair wavy, flowing hair that has just been brushed by a warm, loving hand over her shoulder. “Like you,” she adds brightly to the not-so-old woman. 
The grandmother allows a little laugh to arise from her heart but, just as suddenly, her cheer is erased. A perplexing tear strolls down the woman’s cheek. The little girl doesn’t ask what is wrong, but squeezes the woman’s hands and waits until she is ready to carry on. “Not too long ago, people lived a lot longer than they do today. Some people used to live to be a hundred years old, sometimes even older!” she exclaims. The little girl is interested in this subject, but doesn’t understand why teaching this new information pains her grandmother. “But then our president and the other people that help to make laws decided that as people get older, they begin to cost too much money.”
“Why do they cost more money?” the little girl wonders.
“Well, sometimes they get sick and it costs money to make the medicines that can make them better.”
“Can’t they work at a job to get money?” the astute child asks.
“Well, that’s just it, sweetie,” the woman smiles and taps the girl on the nose. She’s so proud of her little granddaughter. “When people get really old their mind and body slow down because of all the work they’ve had to do in their long life. When I was as young as you, the government helped people save money while they got older to help pay for their food, home, and medicines when they couldn’t work anymore. But now, our nation has decided it would be better if people didn’t live so long.”
“So that they wouldn’t have to hurt?”
“Something like that, sweetie.”
“Well, what did they do, Grandma?” asks the concerned child, already predicting a worrisome answer.
“Well sweetie, the people who make the laws worked together with doctors to find a way for the old people to leave the world very peacefully, before most of them are old enough to get very sick or have much hurt.”
Suddenly, the little girl isn’t so brave. Tears overtake her small face as she buries herself in her grandmother’s lap. “You’re not going to let them take you away, are you, Grandma? You can’t leave us!” The desperate pleas of the helpless child prove to be too much for her grandmother. The tears escape her too, but she fights to hold in the anger and the revulsion in order to be strong for the sake of the child.
“I wish I could stay forever, sweetheart. I wish I could see you and your sister grow into the strong, beautiful women that I know you will become. I wish I could see your mother get healthy again.” The tears try to choke off her words, but she forces them out. “But, you see, last night was my last Friday night sleepover with you and your sister, and sweetheart,” she places her hand on the shoulder of the little girl and smiles, “it was one of the best days of my life. I get to leave this world with warm memories of baking cookies and painting flowers with my two favorite people in the world.”
“I don’t want you to go!” the child protests as her heart boils and her face floods. She pulls her grandma’s arms around her and buries her head into her chest as she begs, “Just tell them you don’t feel sick. Tell them you want to stay a little longer.” She closes her eyes tightly and wishes that it were a nightmare. But already the little girl knows better than hoping for happiness in her life. She knows there are no exceptions to the unchallengeable laws.
“I know, sweetheart, I know.” The woman strokes and kisses the distraught and fragile girl’s hair as the child clings to her tightly. A few more tears slide from her weary eyes before she finds the strength to make a final request of her beloved grandchild.
“Sydney?” She looks down to where I’m still clinging to her, not ready to come away and meet the eyes I love so much as she tells me that this is the last time I will see her. “Sydney,” she tries again, this time gently pulling my chin from her chest. “I need you to do me one last favor, okay?” My grandma can see that I can’t handle this. How can she ask me, a mere child, to let go of the one I love most, the unyielding presence in my life? Her next words seem sharper than the rest in the memory, and I never let them go. 
“Sydney Harter, I know it will be hard, but you have no choice other than to be the bravest girl there ever was. You have to be brave so that you and Evvie can grow up strong. Grandpa and I, your dad, and Grandma and Grandpa Harter, want to look down on you and smile because of how proud you’ve made us.” She waits. My wails have subsided to sobs, but the pain hasn’t lessened any. “You want to make all of us proud, right honey?”
“Yes,” I reply shakily. It took so much to utter that single word because with it came the acknowledgement that I had only begun learning hardship.
“Good, sweetheart. Good girl,” she soothes. “What I need you to do is try your very hardest to take care of your sister. Be good all the time and try to help your mom when she seems sick.” Grandma’s eyes enlarge and she squeezes my hand more tightly. “Never ever tell anyone about your mom’s sickness, even if it seems like they are trying to help. Can you be a big girl and do those things for me, sweetheart?” I nod that I can, although I don’t believe it, and empty my heart in her lap for the last time.
I wake pained with the recollection and tears form at the corners of my eyes. I quietly dab them away. Against all odds, sleep finally came on the high-speed rail, or HSR, as I traveled the short ride toward the center of Miles.
It feels incredibly cramped to me in the small rail car, but everyone else seems plenty comfortable. Most are dressed professionally, fitting the archetype, and appear on their routine commute to work. The majority of Miles’ population is accustomed to taking the HSR or walking everywhere, as each are only allowed to travel a total of five miles by personal electric car every even day for females and every odd day for males. If you drive or ride in a car on a day not assigned to you, or if you go over your daily limit, the car is stopped by remote satellite and you’re left stranded. Additionally, you’re unmistakably charged costly fines.
I tried my hardest to make my grandmother proud, but my bad luck caught up with me four years after my grandma was mercilessly put to death. I was headed to a grocery store on the northeastern side of Miles. I knew better than to visit the same stores too frequently. There are certain things that people become suspicious of before machines detect the peculiarities, like a tiny child consistently buying groceries for the family.
Somehow, when paying the fare to board the high-speed rail, my wrist wasn’t scanned, and therefore my transportation limits were not temporarily disabled. Whatever governmental body watches for these deviances shut the rail down dead in its tracks when the computer database showed that the implanted chip of a female was traveling at a speed over twenty miles per hour on an odd day. 
When the two investigators arrived on scene, they asked me a few questions. My lack of an answer to the very first question disclosed my secret. The lead investigator had asked me if I was alone on the rail, and where my guardian was. His partner seemed especially agitated, and was looking uneasily up and down the rows of passengers. I stared blankly at the man who had asked the question and apologized to my grandmother in my head.
Finally, the agitated man returned to their squad car. Along with waste management construction, and distribution vehicles, squad cars are larger and follow a hybrid design so they can travel at great speeds. 
Thinly veiled complaints and eye rolling spread through the passengers. They were much more worried about getting to their workplaces on time than they were about a lonely twelve-year-old girl with far too much responsibility on her shoulders. Reacting to their needs, the lead officer dictated for his tablet to send a message to transportation to enable HSR Five to run again. I was placed in the back of the squad car as the HSR car sped away.
The drones crowding the railcar today remind me of the people who were riding the one that was stopped that day six years ago. I had searched their blank eyes for help, or any recognition that I was a person, and not just an annoyance delaying their morning commute. 
I wonder if any of this morning’s passengers are regulars that take this same railcar at this same time each day. You would never guess it if they are. None speak or even smile hello to one another. One older gentleman looks out the window, but the rest are focused on their tablets. They’re reading, texting, playing games, and many appear to be working already on their short ride in. Why not when they have the accessibility to do so? These people are unaware of how ignorant they are, and what a deep, impenetrable sleep they are in. 
When the railcar slows as it enters the exact center of Miles, I’m the first one on my feet and out of the car and railway station. The memory and its lasting impression were suffocating me. 
I know today to be another beautiful, late summer day from my outing early this morning, but I appreciate this in secret. I fall in stride among the masses of distant people in the heart of the city and feel the day around me from their perspective. The air is still heavy with moisture, but here it’s stuffed with the odors of business byproduct. The towering buildings, smashed unbelievably close together, heavily hinder the sunlight’s potential. If the unsociable group on the railway this morning is a small-scale version of society, I imagine workers may know the people behind the outer office windows of adjacent buildings as well as they know their own coworkers. 
I spot Merideth sitting next to the turquoise glass pane inside the coffee shop. My heart skips and then pounds a succession of quick, irregular beats when I notice Evvie is not with her.



“Happy birthday, Sydney,” Merideth greets excitedly. This annoys me. I don’t view my birthday in the same sense that Merideth does. Because I’m eighteen, today is the day that my application for guardianship of my sister can finally be tried. That’s the importance of today. Merideth’s wish shows that even though I’m eighteen, she sees this birthday as my special day, a day that comes just once per year where it’s all about celebrating me. I hope it is a happy birthday. What may be worth celebrating today is not something as futile as adding a year to my age.
“Where’s Evvie?” I ask, without thanking Merideth or acknowledging her greeting at all. My eyes are scanning the coffee shop for a five-six, fourteen-year-old girl with long, light brown hair with a hard-to-accept splash of lime green. I don’t see her. 
I suppose that’s fine. I’m actually a little bit relieved now that I’m teetering with the decision to attempt escape given scenario four is the judge’s verdict. I waver back and forth, knowing that should she reenter the orphanage today, she could just as easily stay in the orphanage or be adopted by another acceptable person like Merideth. And then what need would there be to risk our lives? 
“She wouldn’t get out of bed this morning when I tried to wake her. I suppose she probably didn’t sleep much. I’m sorry, Sydney.”
Her apology aims to point out that Evvie chose sleeping, in her house, over coming along this morning where she’d have the chance to see me. I know that Evvie skipped her overnight last week because of her new hairstyle. I suppose Merideth didn’t know the reason, and is now reading way too much into Evvie’s decision not to come again this morning. 
Could she really think that my sister prefers being with her to being with me? The proof for me lies right in the fact that Merideth had to suppose that Evvie did not sleep well last night. I know it for certain. I wish I could sting Merideth with that fact, but Evvie’s direction was very clear: Meri can’t know.
“It’ll be good for just the two of us to talk, anyway,” Merideth says. Why? Evvie is fourteen years old and very mature for her age. She’s not a child. She knows all the options for today as well as anyone. There’s nothing to keep from her. “Would you like something to drink?” Merideth offers. 
“No thanks. I don’t drink coffee.”
“What about a smoothie or tea? They have an amazing herbal tea that I think you would really…”
“I’m not thirsty,” I interrupt. What does she know about me? My stomach muscles are tense and my jaw is equally sore from clenching my teeth. Relax. She didn’t mean anything by it. Maybe I’m reading too much into it as well. 
I definitely feel animosity toward Merideth because she gets to spend every day with my sister, who I rarely get to see. But this isn’t her fault. I should be grateful for all she’s done for Evvie and here I am snapping at her every word. Now I feel bad for being rude, but I’m too stubborn to apologize. Instead, I wait for Merideth to try again, which I know she will.
“Look, Sydney. I care a lot about Evvie. I do,” she insists when I don’t look up from the sticky coffee stain on the bleach-white table. “I’m hoping for the best for her, which I think is going to be living with you in light of recent events.”
I’m again insulted that Merideth doesn’t wholly identify Evvie coming to live with me as being unmistakably best for her. I raised her for twelve years of her life to Merideth’s two. How could I not be exactly what is best for her? Then for the same reason that I became angry about her comment, that she hasn’t seen me raise my sister, I let it go. She must only imagine what damage could have come from a small child trying to raise herself and a toddler under the influence, though slight, of a qualified lunatic. She never had the opportunity to see how well I did.
I reluctantly bring my eyes to meet Merideth’s, and watch perplexedly as a tear slowly leaks from her eye. I revisit her last words. What did she mean by in light of recent events? Clearly I should have been listening to the latter part of her statement rather than allowing myself to be caught up by something not so significant. Could these recent events that Merideth is alluding to explain why Evvie was so upset in her message?
“You didn’t get my messages, did you?” I did. Three of them, I think. But I didn’t listen to any. Clearly that was a mistake. Merideth reads that I’m clueless and continues, “Sydney,” she sighs, “my sister passed away.”
Here I am getting angry over Merideth’s every comment while she suffers the loss of the closest person to her. “I’m sorry, Merideth.” This time it’s Merideth who stares absently at the table. “When? I thought she was getting better.”
“So did the doctors. And then out of nowhere, she went,” she says, shrugging to make it easier on her. “It was just on Wednesday.”
Suddenly I understand what this means, why Merideth called multiple times to tell me this. “Where will your nieces go?” I ask.
“That’s what I wanted to tell you, Sydney.” I’m sorry now that I chose not to check those messages. “I am going to adopt Brynn. I’ve already applied for her. My sister’s brother-in-law and his wife are taking Mada, the little one. I had hoped they would adopt both girls, to keep them together and to give more options to Evvie, but with the girls being so young, they would have to give up having a child of their own. I can’t blame them for wanting to hold onto that. I don’t even have enough years left on my account after fostering four kids to keep Brynn until she’s an adult. It sickens me already, but I’ll be forced to give her up to the orphanage when she’s fifteen.” 
That sickens me too. It’s disgusting that anyone with a perfectly good family or guardians should have to live in the orphanage, with the county’s hope that couples or singles will choose to foster instead of having their own children. All to shave a number off the population count. 
It’s absolutely repulsive that Merideth could raise little Brynn so wonderfully, just to turn her over to only God knows what when she’s just a bit older than Evvie. Merideth’s recognition of what can befall a young orphaned girl helps me to make up my mind. With scenarios one and three now out of the picture, I’ll fight like mad to obtain scenario two, full guardianship of Evvie. If it’s denied and scenario four, that my teenage sister goes back to the orphanage, is the delivered verdict, I’ll do anything to get her out, and we’ll run together.
“I told the girls about you,” Merideth says. She pauses to wait for my attention. “I wanted to inspire them to be brave, so I told them your story, what I know of it.” I don’t think she can know much of it, since I’ve tried to keep many parts even from Evvie. I suppose no secrets will be left undiscovered by the end of the case this afternoon.
“I’m glad they have you, Merideth,” I tell her. It’s true, but I’m also sick over the limitations to my sister’s options. I hope this conversation comes to a close. I don’t want to be here. I want to leave. I don’t care to where. I just need to be by myself to digest everything and to plan a stronger case. I have to be liked by the judge and seen as a suitable guardian. There is no alternative.
“Me too. It’s still not easy to see them have to go through this, but I can’t imagine…” she leaves the rest unsaid. I can. I don’t have to imagine. Evvie and I went through it.
“You’re going to make a great mom.” Guardian, I correct in my head. I’m not going to be Evvie’s mom. It irritates me that she considers Evvie a little girl. She’s not. She just alluded to what Evvie and I have been through. No one stays a child through that. “I’m not talking about being Evvie’s mom,” Merideth continues, seeming to read my thoughts. “I’m sorry to take more of your already small potential family away.”
“It doesn’t matter. I’m not going to have any kids,” I tell her. “And you’re not doing it, they are.” Merideth’s face reddens at my boldness and she gives me a disapproving look. I’m not sure whether she’s more troubled by her own tie to where I just moved the conversation, or the fact that she’s hoping to hand Evvie over to my care, and here I am speaking slanderous words freely. Both probably contribute to her frustration with me.
“It may seem imperfect at times, but it helps ensure a future for all of us.” At first I thought Merideth was providing the cover that I don’t care to fabricate, but I sense some sincerity in her words. 
“Do you know everything you’re going to say to the judge to campaign for Evvie?” Merideth asks as she pulls her opened and running tablet from her purse and sets it on the shiny table. I wonder how many minutes of inactivity she has set her preferences to allow before her tablet goes to sleep. In Merideth’s world, you just never know when you are going to need it, and God forbid it not be ready that same instant. 
Merideth waits expectantly for me to tell her everything I’ve prepared, every detail that has been floating around in my head the last few days. She acts as if she wants to help me plan but I see through that to her desire to edit my tongue. Merideth does love my sister, and she doesn’t want to see her back in the orphanage any more than I do, but I don’t want Merideth’s help. Evvie’s my sister, and I’m going to handle this myself. 
“I have to think about that, now that my options have changed,” I say carefully. I don’t want Merideth to become sensitive or to somehow feel that she’s caused this predicament by adopting her niece. I may not particularly like her, but I would never want her to feel guilty for making that choice. She has a responsibility to family. I understand that very well. 
“Well, you have a little over an hour,” she says, glancing down at the time on her tablet before returning it to her purse in the same way she found it. “Call me if you need anything. Evvie and I will see you at the courthouse at noon.”
My eyes lock on the coffee stain on the table again. Meredith lingers for a moment, awaiting an official goodbye, but I don’t offer any, or acknowledge her departure. 
I watch her cross the street and head toward the rail station. When I’m sure she’s not looking back at the translucent windows of the coffee shop, I slide out my tablet. I filter through the contents of my small bag to find my smart pen. I only purchased it a little over a year ago, but already it is an anomaly amongst tablet accessories. Most use speech-to-text technology or perhaps short-text if they want to type to keep their thoughts confidential. For me, there is something therapeutic about placing the pen on the screen and forming letters. I have more success organizing my thoughts this way. 
I also take pride in the fact that I know the proper strokes for writing letters by hand, and can do so quite legibly. Before it became too old to find any longer, I used a tablet pen that intelligently studied my writing strokes to predict the letters, and then the words, that I was writing. It created a font unique to me. Instead, this pen automatically changes my writing into one standard, preset font to make communication more universal. Just what the world needs, more technological monotony and less creative expression.
My tablet isn’t succeeding in deciphering my markings, which aren’t letters at all, but simple lines, curves, and dots as I try to muster an outline of my plan.
“Ah! Oh, that’s just great, look what you did!” An overly-made-up woman is turned and yelling at a teenage girl who stands with her back to the lady as she waits in line at the brewer and talks with her friends. She is wearing a large backpack, which I presume to have bumped and upset the woman’s space as she was holding her tall thermos under the brewer to fill.
“I’m so sorry. I’ll get you another one,” the young girl offers, moving her wrist toward the scanner at the side of the brewer. 
“Yeah, well, you should pay for both orders, and atonement for the burn I’m going to have on my arm.” The veins in the woman’s neck are bulging as she exaggeratedly wipes coffee from her arm with a wad of napkins. 
“I’m really, really sorry,” the girl repeats. “I can transfer money to you if you want.”
“I doubt you’re thirteen, and I don’t have the time to wait for you to explain your carelessness to your parents so they can approve the funds. I guess it’s your lucky day,” the woman snarls.
“I am thirteen,” the girl states as she bashfully extends her arm, palm side up, toward the fuming woman, “…and my parents don’t have to approve my transactions,” she responds nervously. 
I’m suddenly reminded of an old film that my mom used to watch where a woman teaches her friend how to politely reach for her purse, which then carried credit cards and paper money, but to take too long fussing over finding the money so that the man would offer to pay. There was no such thing happening here. When the girl stretched out her hand, she sincerely intended to offer payment for her accidental bump into the foul woman.
The woman continues to gripe about the spill as she turns and scans her own wrist for another double serving of coffee.
No longer in the mood to order their own beverages, the girl and her two friends make their way toward the door, one mocking the woman to her red-cheeked friend, and the other speech-to-texting the ordeal as her new status on her TabFile, the principal social profile linking all tablet users.
“Don’t check it, it’s just me,” the updater tells her friends as their tablets alert them that a friend within their circle has just updated their status. Through the turquoise glass doors I watch each of them pull out and unfold their tablets anyway, speaking their way through icons as they cross the street. Moments later, they are reading, or listening to, their friends’ update and laughing girlishly. 



“Good afternoon. Please be seated.” My document from the county indicates that the Honorable Judge Lera Sutton will provide over my case. She didn’t waste a moment of time to distinguish her honorability. “We will begin our proceedings with a statement from Miss Harter.” She is shorter than I pictured, and emits no signs of arrogance despite her status. “Miss Harter, what do you request the county do with Miss Evelette Harter, now that you are eighteen years of age?”
What do I want them to do with my sister? Judge Sutton didn’t ask what home, or even residence, I thought would be best for her. It was a bit cold to ask it the way she did, but I understand that she hears cases like ours regularly. I also recognize that the system we live under is harsh and that home is a fleeting term for orphans. Those facts make ‘what do you ask we do with her’ just as an appropriate way to word it as any. I respect Judge Sutton’s no-nonsense disposition, and the direct tone with which she is speaking to me. Eighteen is in fact an important number to her. She intends to treat me as an adult.
“It is my request that Miles County grant me full guardianship of my sister.”
“Miss Harter, I have spent time looking over your case, but for the record,” Judge Sutton motions toward the device converting and storing our oral proceedings into Miles’ courthouse database, “why should the county grant you this right?” Judge Sutton turns and looks at me, really looks at me for the first time. “In other words, please explain why you are fit for this role,” she says with more attention and a softness I did not expect her to possess. “And do be detailed,” she adds with brevity and unfamiliarity again.
“I’ve been responsible for Evvie since before she was born. My father died before I turned four years old. My mother had just become pregnant with Evvie. She never recovered from his death, and was unfit to properly care for herself and the unborn Evvie during her pregnancy,” I state.
“Please elaborate on that, Miss Harter. How did she exhibit this unfitness?” Judge Sutton requires. 
“My mother used to be normal. Loving. Functional.” I can’t help providing this seemingly irrelevant information, but I want the judge to see that my mother’s insanity was acute, and brought on by tragedy. It was not chronic. Chronic mental instability is often regarded as an inheritable trait. I don’t want the judge to entertain that thought. 
“After my father died, my mother fell into a deep depression and suffered from mental illness. The doctors explained that she could not overcome the emotional pain of the loss of my father, and so she created and clung to alternate scenarios in order to blame someone for his death. She convinced herself of various conspiracies and could no longer perform the most elementary life functions for herself or her dependents.”
“Now, I understand that this mental illness wasn’t professionally diagnosed for eight years after your father’s passing. Are you sure your mother was mentally ill beforehand?”
I am overwhelmingly sure. If only Judge Sutton had seen her, even once, she’d have her proof. Prudently, I answer, “Yes Your Honor, I am sure. The symptoms of her mental illness were immediate. My mother talked about how the government had murdered my father and she spoke of a plan to run away from Miles. She was irrational, constantly panicked, and never conscious of how her actions were affecting her children.” 
“You were awfully little to remember that clearly. About four years old, right?” Judge Sutton asks skeptically. 
“I don’t remember details, but I do remember my mother fighting with my grandma all the time over these conversations. I remember that my mother would wake me up in the dead of night to tell me that we were running away. This happened about once a week during her first and second trimesters. I can clearly remember crying and begging her to wait until after the baby was born.”
“Okay, well enough. How about after Evvie was born?”
“Actually, my mother was a bit more stable for a while. I guess the demands of a newborn pulled her focus back. I suppose she was very sleep deprived, and when she had a spare moment, she learned to rest rather than scheme.”
“So she took care of you as well as the baby during this time?”
“Yes.”
“And how long did this period last?”
“The hysteria set in again when Evvie was about four months old. I remember the day I noticed it was back. We were pushing Evvie in the stroller around the perimeter in Sector Seven, when she left the stroller and ran toward the barrier. She reached out and let the barrier send shocks through her.” It was easy to relive this memory, vividly, as I relayed it to the judge.
“Momma! What are you doing?” I’m shouting at her. 
“Sh!” she scolds. “Come here, Sydney,” she says as she pulls me in close. She squats down and takes my right arm in her two hands. “Listen, baby doll. You, Evelette, and I aren’t safe here. I listened to you, sweetheart. I waited until your sister was born. She has grown strong and healthy now. We can’t waste any more time here. Come here, Sydney.”
I continue to explain the memory to Judge Sutton. “With my arm still in her grasp, my mother began to pull me toward the barrier. I remember crying and protesting. I remember her shushing me and yelling at me to be quiet, but by then Evvie was wailing in the stroller behind us too. She dragged me to the barricade anyway, and without warning, thrust my arm and hers across the line.” I look up to see Judge Sutton listening carefully, but without empathy for the little girl whose insane mother abused her through electric shock.
“This happened time after time, and one day my mother slapped me for yelling for help beforehand. At my birthday party that year, I told my grandma and grandpa on my mother’s side. I told them what she had been doing and how she said she was preparing me to cross through the barrier.” I remember my grandma crying and holding me. I remember feeling so safe in her arms but also so bad for making her cry. I wonder if her tears were more for the daughter she had lost than for the pain that I had suffered by that daughter’s hand.
“Yet your grandparents chose not to report this abuse, or your mother’s insane and/or rebellious thoughts to the authorities,” Judge Sutton points out.
“No, ma’am. My grandparents did not want to see my sister and me orphaned.”
“And what do you think of this misstep, Sydney?”
That’s a loaded question, and leading. “I don’t challenge the decision they made. After my experience in the orphanage and with a foster, I’m glad they didn’t report my mother’s state.” Judge Sutton eyes me intently. “I can’t be held responsible for condoning their decision then, or even now, as it worked out to be truly best for my family. But that doesn’t mean that I don’t take mental illness, abuse, and perimeter breaching seriously,” I stress, lying about the last item.
“Thank you for your clarification, Miss Harter,” Judge Sutton says. She jots some quick markings on her tablet, making no indication that my words have convinced her. I hope I haven’t extinguished my chance of obtaining guardianship of Evvie. “You may continue, if you have more examples of how you were your sister’s primary caretaker while you both lived with your mother.”
“From 2020 through 2024, Evvie and I spent all of our hours at our grandma’s.”
“Miss Harter, are you referring to the forty hours per week that each individual is allowed away from their legal place of residence?”
“Yes,” I confirm. We stayed from early Friday morning until late Saturday night. I always called the piece of the duplex Grandma’s, because I only knew my grandpa for a short time. He was older than my grandma, and so his date came up when I was very little. “My grandma taught me how to cook, clean, change diapers, potty train, and anything else that I needed to know how to do in order to take care of my sister and myself while we were at home the rest of the week. My mother had also neglected her own needs, so I took care of her as well.”
“After my grandma’s euthanization in 2024, and as Evvie grew up, I took on other responsibilities that my grandmother had done for us, like grocery shopping. I made sure Evvie put in her hours on EduWeb each week. Sometimes I would research home remedies if someone fell ill. We were too young to go to the doctor on our own, and we surely couldn’t bring our mother with. She had difficultly going minutes without garbling conspiracy theories. I became fully responsible for our family’s well-being. I didn’t do it all perfectly, but I did it well enough for us to make it.”
“While I uphold that your grandmother’s decision to teach you to hide and cheat was not in your best interest, I do acknowledge and respect your efforts in following what you believed to be right at the time.” Her emphasis heightens my worry that Judge Sutton has a way of seeing through me. She seems to sense my forbidden despise for the nation’s set-up and the leaders who made it this way. 
“Miss Harter,” the judge continues, “when and how did this charade end?” I suppose this is when I have to explain my blunder, what led to the two of us always wondering where our next makeshift home would be, or more worrisome, who it would be shared with.  
“In 2027, a light-rail driver missed my wrist when scanning for fares. We hit twenty miles per hour and I was found out. They took me home, assessed my mother, and took us all into custody.”
“Please summarize your role as Evelette’s caretaker, beginning in 2027 when your mother’s longtime illness was finally diagnosed and dealt with.”
Dealt with—another stab in wording delivered by Judge Sutton. I feel less forgiving about her choice of words this time, as she has read my case and knows exactly how my mother’s mental illness was dealt with. Poorly. She lived in cramped, eerie quarters amongst other ill patients who fed into her delusions. She saw a therapist only one day a week, though she was undoubtedly unstable for all seven, and was only allowed a visit from us once per month. Our mother was substantially worse the first time we went to see her. So much so, that Evvie refused to visit at the end of our mother’s second month. But for this I am glad, because that is when I alone found my mother dead on the tile floor of her living space, completely barren, except for the picture of our family that Evvie had drawn her the month before.
I take a few moments and a deep breath to forget that image and collect myself. “We were in the orphanage from December 2027 to January 2030. We were treated well, but I still felt most responsible for staying on top of, and attending to, Evvie’s schooling and behavior.”
“Was that difficult?”
“No. Evvie enjoys learning and most subjects come easily for her. She has always listened to me, so behavior was not a concern, but I suppose that’s because I enforced behaving so well.” 
I can only think of two times in Evvie’s life when she did not do what I asked of her. She stayed behind at the orphanage when I went to visit our mom at the end of her second month in the institution. Then there was the time Evvie wouldn’t leave the orphanage with her new foster, Trista. That’s funny. Both of the times that she disobeyed me, it turned out for the better. I am the parental figure, but maybe her intuition is better than mine.
“Tell me about your stay with the foster,” Judge Sutton pushes the proceedings’ pace.
I see a flashback of Evvie’s tear-flooded face. She’s pulling at my shirt and begging the dark-haired stranger, not more than thirty, and me to listen to her. Those tears saved her from the damage that could have been caused when Trista adopted us after our first year in the orphanage. 
Trista had two years left on her parenting account, and decided to adopt each of us for a year. She wasn’t the type to be doing this from the goodness of her heart, but rather for the tax cut—only I couldn’t tell that then. Her together and loving personality that day was a veneer hiding the destructive person she was. I had begged her to take Evvie only for two years instead of taking both of us for one. I wanted something better for Evvie, and misread that Trista could be it. But, like a blessing in disguise, Evvie wouldn’t comply with the separation. She cried and begged me not to leave her the same way that I had begged my grandma. But unlike my grandma, I had a choice in the matter. I hope I never have to see her cry like that again.
Trista was a dangerous, raging alcoholic—who never recovered from the loss of her son or the pain that caused her and her husband to split. What little money she did have, she spent on booze, not our necessities. But, again, I was there to protect and provide for Evvie. A year later instead of two, we were thrilled to be back in the orphanage, eating, bathing, and dressing properly. We liked having our own beds again too. We were much too grown to be sharing, and even after a full year, I still felt uncomfortable sleeping in her deceased son’s bed. 
“We were both fostered for a year when I was fourteen and Evvie was ten,” I tell Judge Sutton. “We were less taken care of there than we were in the orphanage. In that situation, I also gained another responsibility that I hadn’t had before, even back when we were living with our mother. I was responsible for protecting Evvie. Our guardian, Trista, drank nonstop and was very unstable. It was typical for her to slam and throw things around the house, sometimes directed at nothing in particular, and sometimes at us.”
“I assume you stepped in to protect your sister in these instances.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“And what did that mean for you, Sydney?” It’s the first time Judge Sutton addressed me by my first name. She didn’t make eye contact when she asked the question, as if she didn’t want to fully let in what she knew I was going to say.
“It meant getting hurt.”
“Go on,” Judge Sutton says, peeking above the rim of her eyeglasses. She gives me a look to encourage and comfort me, but I don’t need it. I don’t have difficulty talking about this, but it seems people have difficulty hearing it. I know I’m going to receive an unwanted shower of sympathy from Meredith, who I’m guessing hasn’t heard this before, unless Evvie has told her.
“Mostly just slapped. Evvie too, but never more than once. I would push, hit, or kick Trista until her anger was diverted from Evvie and focused on me. Those instances usually meant getting pushed to the ground, held down, slapped, hit, or pulled around.”
“Were there any severe beatings that you experienced?” Judge Sutton prods. I had hoped the application would save me from telling this part orally. This is somewhat difficult for me to tell, mostly because of the way people react. It needs to be on the record, and it may help me get Evvie back.
“One night Trista barged into her son’s old room where we slept. She was intoxicated. She discovered that Evvie had replaced a picture of her and her son that rested on the shelf with a doll that she got from a neighbor girl. She yanked both of us out of the bed that we shared, screaming about being ungrateful and disrespecting her in her house. I told her the doll was mine. She punched me in the face and shoved Evvie down for crying. She dragged Evvie out of the room and blocked the door with a chair. She hit me repeatedly. Everywhere. When she stopped hitting me, my face was a mess of blood coming from my nose and mouth.”
Merideth winces as her sorrow turns from silent tears to an audible whimper. I continue, “Then she made me apologize to her dead son in the photograph. She made Evvie go get one of her bottles of alcohol. She taunted me, saying that it would help take my pain away. She plugged my nose and forced me to drink gulp after gulp of it. The police arrived without a call about a half an hour later, when a large amount of alcohol was detected in a minor’s system. Evvie spent the night back at the orphanage while I was treated in the hospital. The case was tried less than a week later. Short of a fine, nothing was done about what happened. You know how it is with what fosters can get away with,” I say to at Judge Sutton.
“I’m sure I don’t, Miss Harter,” she scornfully shoots at me. Whether she admits to it or not, she knows. I’m not accusing Judge Sutton herself of the mistrial, but am looking for verbal acknowledgement of what her eyes suggested when she asked if any of the beatings were ever severe.  She is just as afraid of the county as anyone else. Afraid to stand up to the expectation that fosters should never lose their guardianship right. Afraid, like the judge was back when I was fourteen, to let the record show that she found credibility in my testimony of the crime. Instead, she verbally refutes the well-known truth that judges never find fosters guilty of subtle or grotesque injustices. 
As if to escape the tension in the tight court conference room, Judge Sutton orders a ten-minute recess in which none of us are allowed to talk to each other. She and Merideth step out, leaving me to myself in this uneasy room. I elect to lay my head down on the oversized metal table, and regret my sharpness with the judge, who will soon determine Evvie’s fate.



Merideth reenters the room just moments before the tablet-like device at the end of the table indicates our need to rise for the honorable Judge Lera Sutton.
“Please be seated. Miss Harter, your testimony is finished for now though there are a few questions I will have for you at the end of the trial. Miss Layton, please state for the county record your wish for Evelette Harter.”
Ceremonially, Merideth sits up straight and clears her throat. “It is my wish that Evelette live under full guardianship of her sister Sydney, Your Honor.”
“Forgive my bluntness, Miss Layton, but I do need you to ascertain whether this has always been your intention or if in light of the recent passing of your sister are you only now finding Sydney a suitable guardian for Evelette?”
“This has always been my intention,” Merideth asserts, although that answer is something of an uncertainty to me as well.
“Why?” Judge Sutton asks with a touch of irritation.
“I admired the remarkable strength and selflessness that Sydney conveyed from the moment I picked Evvie up from the orphanage when she was twelve years old. Evvie didn’t want to come with me,” Merideth admits, “and Sydney convinced her to. She spoke to her like a mother, and didn’t take no for an answer.” No, I didn’t. Merideth had several years left on her parenting account, so I knew if Evvie went with her, we would be spared all worry over a male fostering her. 
“I sincerely believe that I’ve done great with Evvie the last two years, but she’s never seen me as a mother figure. She never seemed to need one. Sydney brought her sister up to be a strong, independent young lady. In the two years that Evvie has lived under my roof, Sydney has continued to be the primary influence in her life. Sydney is the first person that Evvie turns to in good times and in bad.”
“Like?”  Judge Sutton prompts.
“Well,” Merideth fumbles, intimidated by the judge. Her intention speech was crisp and rehearsed, but under the pressure of the judge’s unpredictable questions, she falters a bit. Finally, she finds an example. “Last month, Evvie earned an award from her instruction monitor on EduWeb for being the most helpful and encouraging classmate in forums. Evvie told me all about it when I came home from work,” Merideth smiles proudly. “In the same breath, Evvie told me everything that Sydney had to say when she had called her earlier. They were all the same things that I planned to say—that I couldn’t be more proud of her and that helping others means more than earning the top one-percent distinction that she barely missed. I didn’t get to be the first one to say these things though, Sydney did. Instead, I was left saying, ‘Your sister’s right’. Later in the week, when she didn’t ace an exam I told her, ‘Remember what Sydney said about what is most important.’”
Suddenly my heart aches for Merideth, like hers ached for me before the recess. She was devastated listening to the account of a child who had already suffered the death of many loved ones, which necessitated unheard of responsibilities, only to, against the odds, be further abused by someone as destructive as Trista. Merideth mourned the fact that life remained unkind to us when it could have finally taken a better turn when we had our first foster. 
Like we held hope, Merideth too had been searching unsuccessfully for love from a man or the children that she’s fostered throughout her life, and had probably thought that she had finally caught a break when she found a child with as soft a heart as Evvie. Only once again, Evvie’s heart did not belong to Merideth, but to me. 
“What about the bad times, Miss Layton?” Merideth appears confused by the question. “Can you give the court an example of a bad time, as you articulated, where Evvie went to Sydney rather than to you,” Judge Sutton provides.
“Oh, right,” she understands. This time Merideth has an anecdote ready. “Poor Evvie’s been a ghost since yesterday. I couldn’t even get her to come to the coffee shop with me this morning. She’s been so worried about today.” Merideth had brushed over Evvie’s state this morning, simply equating her to the average teenager that can’t be dragged out of bed. As if reading my mind, Merideth justifies, “I’m sorry, Sydney, I just didn’t want to worry you when you had so much to be thinking about already.” 
I would have never done it, but I instinctively desired to take her hand moments ago when I was feeling sorry for her. Now, I’m irritated with Merideth and regret that feeling. She should have told me the truth about why Evvie would not come with her this morning. I would have called her, because, as Merideth just pointed out, I am the one who can soothe Evvie, and let her know that it will all be okay.
Merideth directs herself back toward the judge. “I suppose that’s not an example of when Evvie went to Sydney instead of me, but it does show that unfortunately Evvie will never fully trust and open up to anyone but her sister. And being able to talk about problems, fears, crushes, and whatever else with your guardian is incredibly important. As Evvie gets older, she is going to need interaction with her sister, and placing her in the orphanage cannot guarantee that contact will be possible.”
“Thank you, Miss Layton, that should suffice. Before we bring Evvie in to make her statement—is there any reason you see Sydney unfit to be Evvie’s guardian?”
“No, Your Honor,” Merideth answers without hesitation. Judge Sutton presses a few icons on the tablet-like device on her left while she simultaneously types notes or fills in information on her high-tech, county-issued tablet on her right. 
I detect footsteps behind the door, and it slowly creeks open. Merideth’s reference to Evvie as a ghost was no exaggeration. Her skin is porcelain and somehow she looks frail, as if she could be easily broken. I notice her hands shake as she places them softly into her lap. Evvie’s wide-set, pale blue eyes are intense and apprehensive. They remind me of my mother’s eyes. Not well. 
I’ve never seen Evvie like this. Everything about her contradicts the fun-loving, strong, and confident girl I know her to be. Even the new feather-patterned, neon-green dye streaked down the thinner side of her parted hair sharply contrasts with the demeanor she now holds. She won’t even look at me. There’s clearly something deeply concerning happening here, and I’m beginning to feel its power goes beyond the outcome of this court case. The trial will be over soon, hopefully with the result for which we all came, and I can talk to Evvie then.
“Hi Evelette. I’m just going to ask you a few questions today, okay?” Judge Sutton asks more sweetly than we’ve heard from her so far. At the same time, she isn’t treating my sister like a child, which Merideth sometimes does. Evvie hasn’t been a child for a long time, since forever maybe, and I respect that Judge Sutton sees to treating her fittingly.
“It’s Evvie,” my sister manages. I realize then that worried isn’t the right word. It’s frightened. Evvie seems frightened, petrified even. If Judge Sutton were to rule that option four be enforced, that Evvie return to the orphanage, she would have good reason to be terrified. But judges virtually never deliver such a verdict when there are perfectly good parenting years to steal off someone, and Evvie knows that. 
I know better than to trust that the orphanage would always remain in our good sights, but Evvie remembers it to be a favorable enough experience. My sister wouldn’t fear the outcome of this case the way she fears whatever terrible unknown plagues her. I want this over with. I need to know this monster so I can fight it.
“Alright then, Evvie. What do you ask for from the county court today?”
“I ask that my sister, Sydney Harter, be granted full guardianship of me.” Good girl. For an instant before she spoke, I fretted that she was going to say that she no longer wanted to live with me. I realized that might have been what she needed to talk to me about when she couldn’t sleep and that it was me, and my reaction, that she feared. 
“Very well. We’ve been hearing a lot from your sister and some from Miss Layton as well this afternoon, so what I’m going to ask from you is just three words that summarize why your sister would be the best guardian for you, okay?”
Evvie nods her head. “Protective, smart, and loving,” she answers.
“Good enough for me. Now Miss Harter, Sydney, that is, before I make my final decision I have two important questions to ask you, which I expect you to answer honestly. First, should you ever recognize in yourself or your sister tendencies of psychosis or mental illness will you take the proper steps—proper steps being that you immediately seek medical attention and if the insane party is you, that you immediately notify to the county that you are no longer fit to continue being your sister’s guardian?”
“Yes,” I decide, assuming I would recognize psychosis in myself. My mother had no idea she was so off the rocker. She didn’t see what she was doing to us, or what she wasn’t doing for us. 
Suddenly, I am shaking thoughts of my mother out of my mind and allowing Judge Sutton’s words to sink in. She asked if I would notify the county if I am unfit to continue as Evvie’s guardian. We’ve done it! Evvie and I will finally be together again after two long years apart. That is the verdict that Judge Sutton expects to deliver, provided my response to her second important question is acceptable.
“Good. I hope so. These things are known to follow genetics. Secondly, and please take a serious moment to think about my next question,” Judge Sutton counsels. “Do you have any intention to remove yourself and/or your sister from Miles County by means that you may or may not now know?” A suspicion twists in my stomach that somehow Judge Sutton knows about my breach this morning, perhaps all of my past transgressions. Then I remember my testimony about my mom pulling my arm across the line to prepare me for escape. I assume she is asking this question in response to the topic of escaping from Miles being such a prevalent and disturbing presence throughout my childhood. 
The truthful answer to this question is that I would always do whatever I believe is best for my sister, for my family, at whatever cost. I have broken plenty of laws before, and I don’t mind the addition of perjury to the list if it secures victory for us in this case. “I have no intention of leaving Miles, now or in the future, Your Honor,” I declare.
“Then be happy to know I am ruling in favor of all of your requests.” A smile and laughter erupt from inside of me. Merideth smiles as well. She is happy for us, and ably covering her sadness in losing Evvie. Evvie’s smile is less convincing as it attempts to façade whatever tears at her. I suspect I’m the only one that can see that clearly. 
“As of 1:23 PM on this twelfth day of September, 2033, I, Judge Lera Sutton, ad litem for the county of Miles, grant Sydney Harter full guardianship of her sister, Evelette Harter, until she reaches age eighteen or until Sydney Harter is deemed unfit by Miles County court of law,” Judge Sutton announces. “Thank you and I wish you the best,” she concludes with sincerity. 



“Do you think Merideth’s going to be alright?” I ask Evvie on the HSR.
“Yeah, she’ll be fine,” she answers.
 “I suppose she’ll be busy moving her niece in.” Evvie doesn’t seem to be listening, or even pretending. I change the subject to try to engage her. “We’re going to have to get you a bed, Ev.” Still nothing. My attempts at conversation are going unheeded, but I continue to talk anyway. I can’t stand the quiet with the elephant in the railcar. “My stuff only takes up two of the dresser drawers and less than half of the hanging space in the closet. Do you think we’ll be able to fit in all of your things? By the looks of your luggage here I’m worried we won’t,” I tease. 
“We’ll make it work,” Evvie responds absently. “I can get rid of a lot of the stuff Meri’s gotten me. I just couldn’t do it before I packed it,” she says.
“I see.” I can’t break the stiffness between us, which is heartbreaking with how utterly thrilled I am to have her back. There is a mysterious, dark cloud robbing both of us of this hard-to-come-by time of honest happiness. 
“I see now why you skipped coming over last week, you little rebel,” I joke as I lift the strands of neon-striped hair and mischievously flick them toward her face. Evvie leaves the hair hanging in her face and says nothing. At this point, I decide I have to offer some settlement to my sister’s anguish to help her relax until we’re able to talk.  “Evvie, I got your message. I can tell this is important. We’ll talk just as soon as we can, okay?”
“Okay,” Evvie concedes. Her eyes glisten the instant my support is offered, but I can see she’s not secure that I’ll be able to handle the information that she brings. Her hands are trembling again. 
I feel completely powerless, as I have so many times in my life. I am powerless to two entities: death and the county government. Death first took my father, and upset my entire future. Then it stole my grandma, my stronghold. Lastly, it found its way to my poor mother, covered in blood on the cold, white tile. 
The government had their hand in the death of my grandma by way of an appallingly agreed upon law that forces the elderly to be euthanized on a randomly drawn date during their sixtieth year. The government’s ugly population plan and unforgiving system for orphaned children tore an innocent pair of light-eyed sisters apart.
I’m tired of feeling helpless. I finally have my sister back. I am finally old enough and brave enough that I will never allow that to be changed again. But I have to be patient. Against my protective instincts, I have to wait to dispel whatever is bothering Evvie. 
Instead, I place my hands on her cheeks and shush her, tucking the feathery strands of hair behind her left ear. I lay Evvie’s troubled head against my shoulder and hold it there until she calms. Her eyes close and I dry the tears that have carved their way down her cheeks. I breathe in and out with Evvie, until the rhythm soothes her so much that she falls asleep.
“Evvie, we’re here.” I gently pat her knee to wake her from the light sleep that only lasted a few minutes. It’s time to depart the HSR; this is a close to the transition building as it gets. 
None of the pretentious passengers bothered to take notice of how distraught Evvie was earlier and, following suit, none offer a helping hand to the two young girls trying to carry loads of luggage through the bustling bodies that are exiting and boarding the rail. We don’t need anyone’s help anyway. We’ve always gotten along without it.
It takes us some time, and certainly a lot of effort, but we manage to jiffy up two rigs to haul her two suitcases, three boxes, and a ridiculous lamp the extra quarter-mile we have to weave by foot to reach the transitions building in Sector Seven.
Evvie and I get right to work unloading her belongings into pockets where we make room. The place is quite small for one—it’s certainly not intended for two. I don’t think I’ll mind the increased tightness because it means that I’m back with my sister. But I imagine the hostel will be some adjustment for Evvie, who had her own bedroom and attached bathroom for the last two years. Hopefully she prefers this living space to the openness of the orphanage, which I know she still remembers clearly. 
After everything is sorted and situated, Evvie and I gather trash and empty boxes to be taken out back. I pick up the teaming box Evvie artfully labeled free. She insisted that I call her less-than-practiced writing artful rather than sloppy. I was happy see a piece of her humor return.
Evvie follows me toward the entrance of the transitions building with the garbage and recycling. I picked up the heavier item, but definitely left the awkward bits for her to juggle. I let the box plummet to the floor with a thud and use my foot to usher it against the wall. I take a couple recycling items from Evvie’s hands and one from under her chin. 
When we round the corner back to our hall, I drop my items and signal for Evvie to stay put and watch me. Noting no stirrings in the hallway or stairwell, I swoop onto the window ledge, tuck the key under the ceiling tile, and land weightlessly onto the thin, stained carpeting. 
“You’re going to grab it on the way back,” I whisper as I lead my sister toward the back door and opened it for her.
“What if I’m not tall enough?” she asks.
I take the trash and recycling bags from her after discarding my odds and ends and hurl them into the appropriate bins. Additional stench extricates from the dumpster as the trash makes its landing. Evvie doesn’t seem to notice. She was closer to the center of Miles where she and Merideth lived in Sector Ten, which means she has built up a strong tolerance for these kinds of odors. I hope to help her promptly eradicate that tolerance. It’s one I won’t allow.
I step in close to Evvie to compare her height to mine. Her eyes are only slightly below mine now. “You’ll be fine,” I confirm. I grin excitedly, but she remains vexed.
Evvie tries to hoist herself onto the window ledge, but having such a minute hold, she fails. Her forehead wrinkles and jaw tenses as she focuses her current frustrations into her fingertips. The fear she holds fosters her determination as she tries a few more times. Evvie swings her body’s momentum onto the ledge, and uses her strength to patiently pull herself into a delicate stand. She steals the key from under the ceiling tile, and descends with perfect finesse.
My sister doesn’t allow me a moment to bask in her success. She approaches me after her ten-point landing and urgently whispers, “When are we going to talk?”
“We can try now,” I say as I shepherd her back inside our apartment, “but it’s possible that we won’t be able to.” I search for the right coding to make Evvie understand me and yet create a plausible mask. “We might not have enough time with the pizza already in the oven.” I truly had slid a pizza in two minutes ago, before we had taken its wrapping and the rest of the trash out. 
What I hoped to convey to Evvie is that we might not be able to talk within the bounds of Miles, just to be on the safe side. I detected the seriousness of the problem instantly when I saw Evvie’s anxiety in the courtroom. Since it didn’t dissipate at all after the case was won, I know that I need to find out what is going on as soon as I can. I’m tired of trying to imagine situations that could be causing her this much distress. Not knowing is driving me crazy.
“I’m not hungry, Sydney!” Evvie spews. She is beginning to become angry with me for not finding a way to listen to her and solve the problem. She clearly isn’t wise enough yet to pick up on my subtleties. How can I clue her in on my plan to talk outside of Miles without leaving an obvious trace in our conversation? There is enough of a rumor buzz about tablets, projectors, and speakers being tapped for sound and video feed that people with dissenting views often express them cryptically. 
I have a better solution than code. I know how to get out of Miles entirely—to where we can speak openly. It’s clear that my ability to go on outings is going to be an indispensable tool when dealing with my fourteen-year-old sister. My only option is to lead Evvie on the path that will take us out, and trust that she can follow without getting herself hurt or the both of us caught. Violating my promise to the judge that I would never leave the limits of the county would surely result in her being ripped from my grasp.
The oven dings to let me know the pizza is hot and ready, and it circumstantially relieves some of the rigidity in the air. I don’t care if Evvie is ill-tempered right now—it’s still nice to sit down to a dinner with someone. I never quite realized until now how lonely I have been the last two years, living here by myself. At first I loved the quiet compared to the cafeteria in the orphanage. But quiet grows gray fast too.
“So how are we going to talk? Where are we going to—” I forcefully raise my pointer finger to my mouth to shush Evvie, but she’s already given more away than I would have liked. I angrily lop down from the stool and go back around to the kitchenette. I yank an empty glass from the cupboard and clumsily place it between the slices of pizza lying untouched on our plates. 
After scrounging, I pull a notepad, an ink pen, and a matchbook from a poorly organized drawer. I quickly scratch the words, BE MORE CAREFUL and TRUST ME PLEASE, on the pad. Evvie’s eyes follow the words, and then she sorrowfully lowers her head. I tear the note from the pad, crumple it, place it into the glass, and promptly light it on fire. On the other side of the kitchen, I wrap my arm around Evvie’s shoulder as we watch the paper burn. I feel terrible for having to be sharp with her so soon, but I need her perception and understanding to mature quickly if we are going to pull this infraction off by morning. 
Evvie’s eyes alternate between the untouched pizza sitting on her plate and remnants of the charred paper in the glass. “Evelette Harter, eat your pizza,” I command. “I have an eventful day planned for us tomorrow and you are going to need your energy.” My eyes narrow in and lock on hers. Finally, she understands how this business must be done. Hopefully she will be able to decipher my code naturally like she did when she was very little. I had to tell someone about the world beyond Miles County, and Evvie is always my someone. 
“We’re going to go shopping tomorrow,” I say matter-of-factly when we’ve both finished our dinners. 
“For a bed?” she asks.
Evvie has taken me literally, although we’ve practically just finished going through heaps of unnecessary items. Does she really think I’m interested in getting her anything new? I guess answering yes, that we’re going to go shopping for a bed, will be a sensible cover. I need to make this more obvious to her.
“Yes. I’m going to wake you up early to go because I love shopping but I don’t love the crowds.” I catch Evvie’s attention by using the words love and shopping in the same sentence. She knows me way better than that. I have her—now we can get somewhere. Hopefully, I can dull down the corniness from here on out. Obvious sarcasm is fairly contradictory to well-coded thoughts and plans. “If I take you shopping with me, don’t go running off. Stay close,” I say, emphasizing the last words.
“Okay,” Evvie nods. She’s hooked. She knows my first rule.
“I literally want you on my coattails. And no stopping to yap while we’re out, okay?”
“Not a word,” she promises. That’s my girl. She’s catching on. Evvie’s breathing accelerates and she focuses on my every word, calculating. 
“Good. I want to get in and get out, so quickness is very important. It’s a good thing you’re in track. Hey, by the way, did you take up long jumping like I suggested?” I ask in a literal sense but to ascertain crucial information so that I know how to proceed with her on the jump.
Evvie looks a little puzzled. She is striving to be careful and is trying to determine whether this is code. I show her an okay hand gesture and then roll my hand in waves as if to roll her answer along. “Yeah, I just started, like two weeks ago.”
“You have to be pretty brave for that event. That’s how I knew you would be good at it. You have to be pretty confident that you’ll make the pit. How many feet can you jump?”
“Almost sixteen. My coach says I’m a natural,” she boasts, spirits rising some.
“That’s my sister!” I give her a little squeeze on the shoulder, quite proud of her sporting feat. I’m also overjoyed to know she’ll have no problem jumping a distance that will get her into an area of decent depth in the pond across the barrier. “Maybe you can show me sometime tomorrow.”
Evvie nods that she’d like to show me. The essential messages have gotten across successfully. “Syd, am I going to be able to stay on my track team?”
“Probably not, Evvie,” I confess. Merideth had no problem providing Evvie with some positive opportunities that I can’t afford for her. I am sorry for that, but it doesn’t change my belief that being with me is right for her. She might forget about organized sports altogether after she partakes in tomorrow’s adventure. That kind of adrenaline is in a league of its own.
“What if I work?” Evvie suggests.
“You’re a year too early for that, and I don’t think we need to go asking for a variance to allow you to work a year early. It might show weakness, like I can’t provide well for you, and we don’t need to give the court any reason to change their minds about this. Plus, if you were working, you might not have enough time for sports on top of school. Your schooling is more important and I know that you know that.” I feel sorry for her, but Evvie just nods and accepts it. She doesn’t appear too upset.
“What do you say we order a movie and call it an early night after it’s over?” It’s not as much of a question as an outline of how the rest of the night will go. “You go order it. I’m going to clean up here and pick something out for each of us to wear tomorrow. There’s an intense day of shopping ahead and we need to look the part. Also, you better hydrate and stretch during the movie for good measure,” I giggle, trying to make my underhanded command seem as though it’s a girlish joke. In my mockery, I pull a genuine smile from my delighted sister. 



Evvie lies sleeping with her back to me while I tactically dress. I was more invested in her sleep last night, and was able to reason with her that she should accept the bed. I did fare a couple of hours of shuteye last night, but I had hoped for more. My legs burn as I bend down to pull on my socks. Running the way I did yesterday morning was brutal on them with as little sleep as I had then. I’m glad our focus today is on talking and not running. I need the rest.
I’m glad to see that my sister was able to sleep. I must have given her a fair amount of assurance for her to calm enough to do so. I sit on the edge of my bed and nudge Evvie. Her sleep has presumably been light; she wakes very easily. My pointer crosses my lips to remind her that we’re making no sounds this morning. I have an uneasy feeling of foreboding and a discomforting sensation that we’re being watched. On paper, we still possess the unalienable right of freedom of speech, but there’s far too much paranoia in that right for it to be believed. Speech is only free through the costly risk of crossing the barrier to anywhere but here. 
I point to the clothes that I set out for Evvie last night. Then I signify the bathroom across the slender hallway. She nods. Finally, I point to myself and then direct my finger to point to the kitchenette where I want her to meet me when she’s ready. To be safe, I also point to our short stack of tablets on the nightstand. My hands and head move in tandem, explaining that these tools should not be used. Evvie pulls off her covers and grabs the clothing anxiously. 
I spread a peanut butter and protein-fused paste onto two pieces of wheat toast. I decide to go ahead and eat my piece rather than wait for Evvie. She tiptoes out of the bathroom just as I finish washing down the dry toast with orange juice. 
Evvie is dressed similarly to me. She wears dark colored, lightweight wicking material. The discernable difference between the two of us is the uncertainty Evvie’s eyes hold compared with the confidence in mine. When I’m gearing up to go across the limits of Miles County, I fill with adrenaline and endorphins that leave me looking wide-eyed and alert. Evvie looks this way too, but out of doubt and worry.
I indicate her piece of toast sitting on a paper towel. It lies in front of the place I have assigned to Evvie. It’s nice to have someone occupy that stool. Despite the qualms she may have, Evvie musters a healthy appetite this morning, which pleases me. I don’t want to scold her into eating like last night.
I head into the bathroom to grab another hair tie. Evvie’s hair is much longer than mine, and I don’t want to risk that the camera discover it. I chunk Evvie’s ponytail into three sections and begin weaving them around each other as she chews. My grandma taught me how to braid. I used to do this for my sister all the time when she was still a little girl, but she stopped wearing them after our grandma died. I wonder if she’s thinking about grandma right now too.
Evvie quickly finishes her orange juice to meet me at the doorway where I am lacing up my runners. Merideth bought Evvie a sophisticated pair of tennis shoes that she doesn’t need to lace. They were molded to fit her foot exactly so they don’t need a tongue or laces like mine. They have spits of elastic here and there for give, and a tiny, pliable zipper that opens at the inside of both of her heels. 
This is it. We’re ready.
I hop onto the ledge of the window at the end of the hall and hide our key. We are out of the back door of the building without a sound louder then the crunch of our toasted breakfast.
Our jog to the EPA building is about half my usual pace. Evvie seems a little confused by this. I know she would be able to keep up just fine, but I don’t want to risk her twisting an ankle. I can’t chance that anything could prevent our necessary task.
The extra time the dawdling trot allows begins to aggravate me too as I get closer to finding out what is wrong. My feet pick up pace without my permission, and I have to pull them in frequently. My anxiety is considerable as well. I want this all over with as badly as Evvie does.
When we arrive at EPA 7-8, I slink up quietly as usual, but more slowly, exaggerating each of my grips and footholds to Evvie below. I’m careful to communicate the importance of the timing under the camera protruding from the top of the building. It took her a few attempts to reach the ceiling tile above the window yesterday, but I offered her no help then. This morning, I help to hoist Evvie atop the building when the timing is right. 
I lay on my stomach once both of us are on top of the building. Without my direction, Evvie does the same. I point out the large pond below us, and watch as Evvie peers into the darkness to see it. She looks at me and nods, but her eyes ask, ‘How do we get there?’
The middle and pointer fingers on my right hand transform into the legs of a miniature demo man. The little finger man starts at the ledge and runs towards our chins, my lips counting off each of his steps. His pointer leg scrapes a mark into the ground like an anxious bull before a fight. I assume Evvie will know how to find her mark after taking up long jump in track. I’m glad she listened to me. 
I turn my left hand into a circular pond and float it over the top of the camera that rotates beneath. The little finger man runs from his mark, jumps, and soars toward the pool of water. 
Evvie tugs at my shoulder but I’m not finished explaining the important parts. I hope her protestation is due to burning questions and not severe reservations about the risky jump. Without words, I silence her uneasiness, directing her to keep watching and learning before she questions me or protests anything.
I put the little finger man back below the surface of the water where he was destined to splash before Evvie pulled at me. Deliberately, I mouth the words one, two, three, four, and so on, eyeing the camera before us. I feel Evvie’s gaze turn from my lips to this ominous threat. I make the little finger man surface once the camera is beyond being able to catch him. 
The man returns to being the strong, precise fingers on my right hand, another noble position. My sister’s eyes lock onto mine, professing their trust in me. I indicate to Evvie that I will jump first so that I can help her with her timing. Even if the timing game weren’t such a fragile and exacting exercise, I would need to jump first to instill in her the confidence to take the plunge. I’ll be there to guide her through the rest of our escape; all I need my sister to do is conjure enough bravery to follow me.
I wrap my arm around Evvie’s shoulders and give her a squeeze before I hop to my feet. I typically just eyeball where to begin my sprint, as I can make it into an adequate depth comfortably, but today I mark my strides for Evvie’s sake. I need to place in her every ounce of confidence that I can for her first jump. The anxiety that she has been suffering is clearly great, but I doubt it matches the sheer desperation that propelled my jump two years ago.
I take the twisted, elastic headband out of my hair and set it where the toes of Evvie’s right foot hit for the fifth time. She couldn’t make fifteen and a half feet in a pit with only ten strides to her usual sixteen or more, but our runway makes up for the space it lacks with its elevation. With that, it’s my hope that she can make seventeen feet, enough distance to clear the barrier and splash a safe depth into the water. 
I instruct Evvie to wrap my headband around her wrist before she jumps. I don’t want to leave any traces of us behind. I toe-up to my invisible mark about a half step behind her and ready myself for the jump. My left foot drops back and balances me as my shoulders lower. I bend my knees and rock back on the heel of my dominant foot. The rock comes full swing and I exhale. The rock backward is faster the second time as I prepare to drive my shoulders forward.
Evvie is suddenly in front of me, holding me back and vehemently shaking her head from side to side. Either something is not right about my stance to her trained eye or she’s not ready to make the jump yet. I never did let her question my directions or protest my expectations. I stand up straight and raise each of my arms from my sides with a shrug of irritation. 
She points her brows and answers me by silently running her little finger man to the end of her left palm. Only at the end of her fingertips, the unfortunate man trips or takes an extra step after the ledge and falls off the roof. The building is a little higher than a standard story, meaning the finger man might break a knuckle, but the chances of death, paralysis, or something else severe are pretty slim from this isolated height. 
The real problem lies with falling into, rather than soaring through, the barrier. That’s why it’s important that we are high above the underground wire and zinging quickly through the air while we pass over it. An object in motion stays in motion even as it sustains electric shocks. But a tentative sister who falls in the void would be faced with the impossibility of removing her shuddering body from the area of high-voltage shocks. I would probably instinctively enter the barrier, knowing that if I did I would not make it out either. Tripping before the ledge or scratching past it is simply not an option.
I take both of Evvie’s hands in mine and look deep into her eyes. Her pupils engulf her irises in the dark and in her anxious state. I mouth, ‘You’ll be fine’ and ‘Trust me’. I can’t let her see that saying the words to her doesn’t reassure me any. All of this seemed like it had to be done up until a moment ago when she demonstrated the little finger man falling into the barrier. I was willing to risk a minor injury to Evvie and even being caught and losing her to the government because she made it clear that her secret, whatever it is, is worthy of those risks. But no piece of information or revelation of a threat is worth losing Evvie for good. I couldn’t handle that. I’m powerless to death.
Abruptly, I decide this can’t be done. There has to be another way. I turn back toward Evvie, but see that she has followed my original order to trust me. I can’t see her eyes from here, but somehow I can feel the intensity of her fearlessness and focus. This does have to be done and it can be. It’s the only way I know, and now my sister is ready.
I check the camera and back up quickly, counting. I sprint and launch myself, raising my arms as I pass through the barrier. The loud thud into the pond starts a relentless ringing in my ears. As I allow time for the waters to quiet, I try to compose my new fears and trust that Evvie will make it beside me.
After counting sufficient time for the camera to pass, I pop up to signal for Evvie to go. Already, the whites of her shoes are making the last, tightened stride as she reaches the edge of solid ground. I’m relieved as I watch her glide from the edge, but it’s too late when I realize I’ve watched her too long. Without inhaling, I dive below the surface, frantically trying to move away from Evvie’s landing space.
I miscalculated my sister’s jumping ability with her reduced runway and speed. I should have moved to the side to be safe, but in panic I tried to move back toward the opposite bank by the forest. Evvie’s feet-first landing jabs deep into my rib cage. The blow causes me to gasp and cold water penetrates my lungs.
I surface for a microsecond to expel some of the water. I take one breath between the coughs, but the water that on its way out taints the air I breathe in. Underwater, my mind searches for the math behind whether I was quick enough for the camera to miss me while my chest, throat, and nose burn with the misplaced fluids. I fight the urge to resurface, as I know it is now crucial to let the water settle and plane. I’m tempted to quicken the seconds I count. The desire to breathe clear air simply can’t go unsatisfied. 
Finally, I burst from underwater, coughing and gagging. With a great deal of pain, I am able to obtain the air that my lungs so desperately needed. I yank Evvie up from underwater. She’s barely above the surface and already she’s fretting. “Are you okay?”
“Time to go!” I command. Evvie’s eyes dance as she wonders where she is supposed to go. I take another sweet breath and pull her shoulders under. I find Evvie’s arm underwater, and pull her deeper below the surface. The tops of submerged aquatic plants tickle our faces for a moment as we slowly creep into the depths. Fifteen seconds after we submerged, we resurface in the center of the holding pond where our toes don’t quite stir up the mucky decay in the lowest layer of stratification. 
I breathlessly rattle off our next step. “One more swim. Next time we’re up, we run behind that tree.” I point out the wide trunk of a larch ahead. “Back down,” I expel before I inhale another breath to soothe my still-burning throat and nostrils. I let go of her hand so that the two of us can glide smoothly and gain more distance. 
Sunken against the steep pond margin opposite EPA 7-8, I count down to the final second. Two. One. I break out of the water and make a run for the tree, noting the roar of Evvie’s surfacing and her catching footsteps behind me.
“I call this the timing game,” I manage, a bit out of breath and still trying to cough away the burning sensation. “We’ll do this until there’s enough cover not to have to worry about the camera spotting us anymore.” We breathe for a few moments. “Now!” I say as I dart from the tree, sprinting toward another. 
“Twice more. We need to split on this one,” I tell her. “There’s a tree just left of the one I’m going to run to. See it?” I ask as I point ahead.
“I think so,” Evvie lies. All she sees ahead are trees too thin to adequately block us from the camera’s view.
“You’ll know,” I assure her. “Okay!” 
We both make it behind our trees without the camera coming close to spotting us in sprint. This time, we remain hidden by facing each other instead of the vast expanse of forested valleys ahead. 
One more seven-second sprint and I’ll know why we’re out here. On this last dash, I run without instructing Evvie. Still, she’s less than two steps behind me when we’re a safe distance from the eye of Miles. 
“I’m so sorry! Are you okay? Where did I kick you?” The words flood from my sorrowful sister.
“I’m fine. And you don’t have to be sorry—it was my fault for being in the way. How about we sit, little sister,” I chuckle, plummeting to the plush grass and letting my chest rise and fall easily for a bit. It’s so fresh and perfect, but neither of us can focus on that right now. 
The last breath I take before I sit up is a nervous one. “Okay, Evvie, what’s going on?” 
Evvie cautiously sits beside me. She swallows hard to lubricate her confession. Still fretful, she looks over each shoulder, one hand trembling as she scratches the other one.
The image of her entering the courtroom yesterday cuts into my mind. Whatever she is about to tell me is what caused her such fear. I rub the shoulder that she scratches, and take her hands in mine. She pulls away from the empty forest behind her and looks to me. I nod to let her know that it is okay to tell me now. Our words are safe here. With my encouragement, my sister’s tremors subside and she whispers, “I think our mom is alive.”



What? Instantly the anxiety and qualms that have enslaved me since I heard Evvie’s voicemail are freed. I found my mother. The few people who cared always emphasized that. “I heard she was the one to find her,” one of my classmates wrote in a message not meant for me. She was mortified, and I was trying to figure out if I was supposed to be after having found her that way. 
Dead. I have many uncertainties about my mother, but whether she is still living is certainly not one of them. I often wonder if she was always crazy—even before my father died. I question whether she could have really loved Evvie and me because of the way she neglected our needs. I speculate on those things, but I’ve never wondered about her death. I am certain of the cold, hard truth that my mother is dead.
Evvie and I aren’t here, beyond Miles, because of my doubts. She was clearly shocked and rattled by something or someone that made her think that our mother could be alive. I need to hear her out instead of cutting her off for how silly this sounds to me.
“What makes you think that?”
“On Thursday afternoon, I stopped in the court to see if I could make my typed statement about the case instead of waiting until Friday. I felt like I would need more time crafting it than it would take for you and Merideth to make your testimonies.” I bet my sister is regretting that decision now. If it was a long enough case to merit a recess, it was plenty long for Evvie to craft a brief statement. Then again, she does have difficulty abbreviating her thoughts and feelings.
Until she mentioned it, I had forgotten that Evvie wasn’t technically allowed to orally testify in the court on her own behalf since she isn’t fifteen. Like thirteen and eighteen, fifteen is another staple age where things are first allowed. Since teenagers can begin driving and working at this age, fields of life that often produce lawsuits, they also have to be allowed to testify in court. Evvie is only fourteen, and so, she was permitted only a lightly weighed, typed statement to assert her wish to live with me.
“So I took the light rail into the city while Merideth was at work,” Evvie continues. “After going through security, a secretary gave me a laminated card with directions for how to get into the statement program of the computer in the soundproof station where she said I would be able to speech-to-text in private. The secretary told me she would sign as my witness when I was finished.”
I nod, but my patience for her extra babble is wearing thin. You’re straying, Evelette. Get to the point. She has a tendency to do this when she’s nervous.
“The secretary told me to scan my wrist first, and then follow the directions on the card. When I scanned my wrist, my Miles public record came up. I was supposed to click on the Court Cases tab to get started, but I noticed a guardian list section toward the bottom of the biographic tab that was automatically open. I waved this part of the screen up because I couldn’t remember Trista’s last name and thought that I might need it for part of my statement.”
Evvie was only ten when we lived with Trista and had already learned every adult in her life was temporary. What need did she have for remembering some irresponsible caretaker’s last name when the lowlife lush did no good for either of us? I couldn’t fault Evvie for forgetting.
“You know when you’re scrolling on a touch screen and your finger accidentally sticks to the screen or your wave across the interface is misread and you end up opening something you didn’t mean to open?”
“Yeah,” I answer, wondering where this is leading. Did Evvie open something that she wasn’t supposed to see? How did it suggest to her that our mother could possibly be alive? Most importantly, if something in her records was indeed amiss—why is it that way and who might know what my sister has mistakenly seen? 
“Well, I opened a link attached to Mom’s name. And I honestly don’t even understand why her name was part of my file because I wasn’t listed as a biological child or a non-biological child. It only listed you as her biological child.” 
I know I was little then, but I remember my mother. I remember her growing tummy, as she explained it to me. Unlike earlier times in history, there were no such things as baby mix-ups by 2020, the year that Evvie was born. The chips protected against that by verifying DNA upon implantation. Evvie was our mother’s biological child, and is my biological sister. Nothing else is possible.
“Your name probably wasn’t listed with Mom’s information since you had to scan into this account, right?” Evvie looks displeased that I am pointing out plausible causes for the situation. “I’m guessing the program is designed to show the family members of its user, but not the user itself.”
“Sydney, I opened Dad’s too,” Evvie explains. Her shoulders droop with the gravity of this information. “I was listed right after your name under Dad’s biological children, but I wasn’t listed under Mom’s.” My sister’s words scrape through her tightening throat.
The inconsistency does take me by surprise. I’m glad she risked snooping around on the system to rule out the justification that I tried to offer. Every detail is going to be helpful in sorting this out. “Are you positive?” I ask intently, even though I’m sure she is since she specifically looked into this.
“Yes, Sydney,” she answers with frustration. 
“Okay. I believe you,” I assure her, but I’m too late. Tears that have been summoned are too stubborn to change their mind. “Evvie, you are my biological sister and our mom’s biological daughter.” She wipes at an eye ashamedly. “I am one-hundred percent sure of that.”
“I know. It’s not that.” Evvie pauses and exhales in effort to release some of the tension tangled inside of her. “I’m just frustrated.”
The tears are my fault. I’ve been stopping her and questioning her like she’s incapable of differentiating improbable coincidences from frivolous mistakes. I raised my sister to be a conscientious, shrewd girl. Now isn’t the time to forget that.  “What made you think Mom might still be alive?”
“There were, or are, two people listed under non-biological children for Mom, both from 2027 through the present. Their names are Tuli and Tigonee Braves. I didn’t look into that at all. I got really freaked out about what I saw, and paranoid that the secretary was watching me. I started following the directions on the card she gave me, but I was too upset to think straight. I just said your name and three words to describe you.” 
Protective, smart, and loving. I think I’ll always remember and hold close to me the words she chose. “Ev, you did the right thing by looking into Dad’s link after what you saw on Mom’s. It sounds like you played it safe with the secretary too. That was smart.”
“Who cares, Sydney?” she groans as she rises to her feet. “I don’t. I want to know why the hell our mom is being the guardian of other kids if she’s alive!”
“She’s not alive, Evvie!” I find myself yelling. “She’s dead! Our mom is dead.” Evvie stares at me blankly. If she can be frustrated that I didn’t believe her outright than I can be just as angry with her for having not listened when I said it the first time. Our mother is long dead. I calm down when I unintentionally realize a difference between Evvie’s frustration and mine. She provided me with evidence for why she thinks that our mom might be alive, but I haven’t given her the proof for how I know that our mother is dead. 
It’s time to tell her the truth about our mother’s death. This may very well settle her disbelief. “Mom didn’t die from an accidental medication overdose,” I divulge quietly, Evvie’s gaze still fixed on me.
“What?”
“I lied to you, Evvie. You were just a little girl then. I should have told you the truth before now. I’m sorry.”
“What are you talking about?” she asks, but I can see in her fiery eyes that she knows the answer. “You lied to me?” Her accusatory tone scours deep into my heart, searching for something to burden with the guilt of betrayal. “How did she die? She took the pills, didn’t she? It was never the nurse’s fault—it was hers! She killed herself and left us.”
I acknowledge her assumption and accept her anger, even that which is misplaced. The tears roll uncontrollably down both of our cheeks now, but from different emotions. 
Evvie sits down away from me and buries her head in her knees. I waited way too long to do this. The truth is—I don’t know when I would have told her. The whole truth has to be told today if I want any chance of reconciling with my sister.
“I found her,” I choke out. Evvie doesn’t ignore me, but she refuses to meet my eyes. “I told you that I went there and that a nurse sat me down and told me that my mother had died, and that she loved us both very much, but that’s not how it happened. That happened afterward.” 
My sister raises her disheveled face to look at me. She shakes her head slightly, willing this to be the lie. I look away this time, because I can’t look at her while I recall the horrific memory. “They buzzed me through to her hall. I knocked on the door and turned the knob when no one came.” I dispel the sorrowfulness from me, and get on with the unsightly tragedy, choosing not to shadow a bit of the truth from Evvie. “Mom was lying on the floor, and it was evident that she was dead. It wasn’t an overdose.”
As my eyes timidly meet my sister’s, I see that the anger and betrayal have been replaced by the deepest kind of hurt, which is now shared with me rather than directed toward me. “The nurse helped me come up with something to tell you. I’m sorry that I lied, but I was so sad and scared to tell you, Evvie. As the years have passed and you’ve gotten older, I’ve felt more and more guilty but never less sad. I just—”
“It’s okay,” Evvie cuts in. “I forgive you.” 
This time it’s me who buries my head into her arms as she come back over to my side. I had little issue relaying the account to the judge yesterday, but it’s very different with Evvie today. I’m shaking and crying because it simply breaks my heart to have to kill another small part of my poor little sister by revealing our mother’s suicide. 
I imagined I would feel disgusting and just as guilt-ridden for telling the secret and causing her pain as for keeping it, but Evvie’s graceful forgiveness lifts an immense burden from me that I’ve been carrying for years. Still, it troubles me to know that her soul is dimmed as mine is lightened, but it can’t be another way. Against my wishes, she has had no greater fortune in her life than I have had in mine.
 “I’m sorry, Syd,” Evvie moans, regretting her earlier upheaval. Here we both are being sorry to each other for something to which we were both powerless. Our mother is the one who should be sorry. She is the one who could have prevented all of this pain and sorrow.
“So she’s dead then?” Evvie says after a minute.
“Yeah. She is.” My feelings even out to the emptiness that I’m accustomed to feeling in replacement of other emotions. “I remember first noticing the unnatural way she laid on the floor, second the pools of blood spreading from her body, and third the cut that was gouged up the arm that was visible to me.”
Pinkish rays dance through the forest of evergreens before our eyes and elegantly lighten the haven Evvie and I now share.
“Why do you think those kids’ names were listed as Mom’s children?” Evvie asks, as if to rid us of these evils before the majesty of the dawn breaks.
“I don’t know, Evvie. Maybe the database has someone mixed up. Maybe there’s another Loretta Harter who has adopted those two girls. It was probably added to Mom’s information by mistake.”
“Does that happen?”
“Sometimes,” I guess. Actually, the databases rarely have errors that substantial, but it is true that an error is possible, and the most probable explanation I can gather for what she saw.
“Why do you think my name wasn’t listed as a biological child and yours was?”
“I’m not sure, Evvie,” I answer honestly. It was also quite ironic that the account showed that Loretta Harter began parenting these children in 2027, the same year that she died. Ironic, yes, but I saw my mother’s lifeless body. I experienced the frantic nurses ushering me out of the room after they heard my cries. They paid their attention to a crying kid and not the bleeding woman because they knew from a glance that she was beyond revival. So did I. I didn’t cry for help, I just cried. 
The kind nurse who sat me on her lap sincerely tried to calm my shattered heart. It’s been ten years since I’ve allowed anyone other than Evvie see me cry. That nurse was the last. I didn’t know her name, and couldn’t remember her face for very long, but after our grandma died and we were placed back in the orphanage, I used to pray that she would come find Evvie and me and take us home to live with her. If she had children, they were very lucky.
“I’m going to keep thinking about this stuff, but I don’t want you to burden yourself by any of it, okay?” Evvie nods and thanks me with a smile for reliving her of all of this. “I’m really glad you told me,” I say as I rub her back affectionately. 
“You too, Syd.”
 I stand up before the sorrow can seep in again. “I think you set a record with that jump today,” I congratulate much for the sake of changing the subject. Evvie smiles. “Really, Ev. I’m proud of how brave you have become. The stuff you just told me, the case yesterday, making the jump, all of it. You’re growing up fast. Stop it.”
“Yeah, to be just like you,” Evvie laughs. I swear I can actually feel the atmosphere lighten.
“I hope so! Nothing wrong with that!” I jest. “Let’s strip our stuff off to dry and I’ll show you around this little slice of heaven.”
“I can’t wait until the sunrise. It’s beautiful out here,” Evvie says, seeming to notice only now that her weight has been lifted.
“I know the perfect spot, but we’ve got to hustle,” I say, dragging my things off as Evvie struggles. “And you have no idea how beautiful yet,” I say as much to myself as to her. Evvie shrieks wildly and both of us giggle as I lead her in a race through the changing forest. Our path was rough getting here, but everything feels perfect in this moment. I’m certain that I’m the happiest I’ve ever been.



“So when are we going shopping next?” Evvie asks after we finish hauling the bed into our room. I know she’s referring to our escapade before dawn and not the search for an affordable bed that took the rest of the morning. 
“I love it, Evvie, but I try not to make a habit of going too often.” It’s still risky, I try to convey, but Evvie seems almost flighty now compared to her manner this morning. Though the contrast probably does skew my perception, there is an evident effect that going to the mall in the innermost circle of the city has had on Evvie. 
We were forced to go to the mall to find an extra-long twin bed frame and mattress. I was hoping to find one at the second-hand store I go to when I need to buy something other than food and toiletries. I should know better than hoping luck could be on my side, in large and small matters alike.
I hate to give Evvie a hand-me-down, but I’ve outgrown my juvenile bed and she’s still a few inches shorter than me. Since another twin is all that we can fit into the narrow bedroom, and I definitely won’t be buying anything larger after the price I paid for the twin, it makes sense that I ought to get something more fitting for me. Evvie doesn’t mind getting my old bed. She’s happy that I put practicality before my desire to make everything perfect for her.
“I think you need some gymnastics lessons. Focus on the high bars,” I tease, referring to Evvie’s question about when we can go out to the forest again. I had put so much thought into preparing Evvie to get outside of Miles, but didn’t think to spend anytime preparing her to get back in. She wasn’t tall enough to use the upper branch to balance herself as her feet scooted away from the trunk on the lower branch. She realized this about halfway across and scurried back behind the tree. I continued to scan nervously for cars or early-morning passersby, by luckily none materialized. 
Evvie started out just as speedy on her second attempt. Below, I was rambunctiously motioning that I would catch her when she let go. And catch her I did, with my whole body. I hadn’t anticipated how detrimental the quick hold of the bottom branch was to the ease of the landing. I also didn’t realize how impossible it is to successfully catch a body falling from such a height. There was an undeniable forcefulness to the landing. Bruises are sure to turn up here or there on both of us, but it was nothing too much to keep us from laughing.
“Huh?” Evvie complains, not following gymnastics as my allusion to the fact that we can’t go outside again until we find a way for her to practice the fall back into Miles, Sector Eight. The average teenage girl must lose all wits about her after a trip to the mall if my sister is flighty. Maybe she is still elated from getting everything off her chest this morning.
“I’ll catch you.” My clue couldn’t be more obvious as I plummet to the media-room floor.
“Oh!” she exclaims. I roll my eyes in her plain sight. She looks as if she’s about to protest my all-in-fun annoyance with her, but then something shifts. “That reminds me,” she says about as snootily as possible, “I need to put in some hours on EduWeb. We’re going to wait to assemble your bed, right?”
I’m not sure how our tumble earlier, or my mockery of it now, reminds her of school, but I don’t bother to ask. I’ll become privy to the feeble connections swirling through her girlish mind soon enough. “Yeah, that’s fine,” I answer. “I’m going to jump in the shower.” 
It’s funny how either the circumstances that brought us into this situation, or simply surpassing the brevity of an overnight stay, are giving me new insights to my sister. There is a keener intelligence and greater emotional depth than she’s presenting this afternoon, but I’m glad to see her lighthearted side too. I am prideful of the efforts I put forth and unashamed of the things I suffered on her behalf when she briefly seems the average teenager. 
I strip off a sweaty set of clothes for the second time today. Lugging the box spring, mattress, and the box containing the frame and headboard into the building and to the end of the hall was not light work. I still can’t believe a non-electric, wheeled scooter and a jumping rope enabled us to move the freight from the railway station to the transitions building. 
I had left Evvie to wait at the station with the items while I ran to our building to look for something to help haul them. I don’t know what I may have concocted to get the job done, never before having the need to transport something so hefty and feeling a desperation to return to my abandoned sister. It so happened that out in front of the Sector Seven transitions building were two little boys who had fashioned their own ride from toys that would become my perfect tools.
Children who live in the transitions buildings will probably never be sick from a day of spinning and eating sugary sweets at the amusement park in Sector Three. Their families wouldn’t have the means to take them there. Although tablets are government mandated, the little ones in my building will never own models that provide them with the same educational possibilities that other children enjoy. Fancy, high-tech toys are beyond their desires.
However, these children have the potential to have just as much fun as anyone. Maybe more. I promised each of the two little boys five dollars if they let me borrow their imitation Gravitron, a ride based off the principles of centripetal force. They weren’t at all hesitant to give up their toys to help a stranger. Sweet kids. 
After the haul, I had the boys take me to their mother, likely a non-biological guardian judging by their difference in race. She denied the transfer since helping a neighbor was the right thing to do. Instead, she suggested that Evvie and I play with her boys for a little while as a sort of repayment.
I think those two were made of giggles, which is a rare thing for foster kids. I thought they would tire with or become nauseous by what they called growed-up speed as I took one end of the rope and whipped the rider in circles around me. The boys took turns on the scooter, allowing them a break from the spinning, which Evvie did not provide to me in the center. I was finally released from their fun when I began to really worry about the effects of my queasiness. Thankfully, the boys didn’t feel like seeing me vomit. They did, however, enjoy and poke fun at the sweat trails that moistened much of my shirt.
Thinking about playing with the two little boys this morning reminds me of two little girls whose fate was also in the hands of fosters. I’m not thinking about Evvie and me this time. I’m wondering about Tuli and Tigonee Braves, the mysterious girls who are listed as my mother’s non-biological children. I resolve to investigate them just as soon as I towel off and dress.
“How was your shower?” Evvie asks when I emerge from the bathroom.
“Refreshing.”
“That’s an interesting way to say freezing,” Evvie jokes. The transitions building charges for heated water, an expense I’m not willing to pay for very often. I always let Evvie use hot water on her overnight stays, but now cold water is something she is going to have to tolerate.
“What are you watching?” I ask, snooping over her tablet screen. Evvie tilts the screen toward me. A smile dances within me. She is watching Olympic archives of gymnasts on the high bars. She’s eager to return to my haven. Our haven. 
“That’s hardly school!” I tease her.
“Not true. World Olympic events count toward my physical education credit hours.
“I doubt you need anymore Phy. Ed. credits.”
“Yeah, but they do count towards my quota this week.”
“As if you haven’t already met it.” My sister can’t fool me about much. It’s Saturday—the final day to complete weekly hours. I know how important Evvie’s school is to her. Even with her discovery shaking her up the way it did, I know she would not have allowed her credit hours to slip.
“Mr. Vanderil says you can never know too much.” Wrong. Apparently he doesn’t live in the same society I do. You can know too much, and if you do, it’s very dangerous. “I met this week’s quota on Wednesday and I’m already way ahead of my quarterly goals in every core area,” she boasts. 
“Alright, smarty pants. Why don’t you dismount the couch and cartwheel into our room to help me assemble this bed.”
I half expect her to do it, but the abrupt hall and doorway are far too narrow for a gymnastic escapade. “What’s on our agenda for the rest of the night?” Evvie asks as she follows into our room.
“We’ll put together this bed, cook something for dinner, eat, one can hope you’ll decide to shower,” I kid, “and that’s it,” I decide. “The rest is up to you.”
“Sydney?” My name falls off Evvie’s tongue with a seriousness that hasn’t characterized our interactions since before the sunrise. “I was thinking about this while we were at the mall today, and again a little bit ago. I just wanted to say that I really am sorry about Mom. Not necessarily that I’m sorry,” she points to herself, “but that I’m sorry,” she clarifies. “I just feel really sad for you, Syd,” she continues, her throat tightening some. “Like, it’s hard for me sometimes to think about how unfair my life is, and it’s not bad at all compared to everything you’ve gone through and have been expected to do,” she says, referring to herself as a burden.
“Don’t do that,” I interject before Evvie says more or tears up. “Don’t you ever feel sad because I’ve had to look after and take care of you. Evvie, what would I have if I didn’t have you?” I don’t give her the opportunity to answer—nothing would be true. “I’ve never, ever been upset about my responsibility to you. Never. So you certainly don’t need to feel bad about it. And thank you for the unnecessary apology about Mom. You’re very empathetic.” You’re a good person with a good heart. You’re not like the others. “I hope you really do forgive me about having lied to you.”
“I do. I also understand why you did.”
Evvie and I spend a moment in our own thoughts as we tear apart the packaging around the pieces of my new bed frame.
“One more thing, Ev. I don’t want to hear anymore swearing out of you, little miss.” Evvie studies me for a moment to see whether I’m really scolding her for using a curse word much earlier this morning when she was frustrated with my listening, my trusting. She’s at a loss to figure out whether I’m serious, because I’m not sure if I am. A smile escapes from the corner of my mouth and hers follows suit.
“Do you care if I take my shower first and then we put this thing together?” Evvie asks.
“Please!” I kid. “No, that’s fine. We ought not break a sweat doing that.”
“Oh my gosh, you talk like such a dork. We ought not…” she mocks.
“Get out of here. Go enjoy a cold shower!” I throw back. And I do feel like a total dork, because I find that I’m still grinning wildly after Evvie’s been out of the room for minutes. 
I pick up my tablet from the nightstand next to my old bed and decide now is as good of a time as any to look up Tuli and Tigonee Braves. I want to see if there is any history of them in the orphanage, because most kids who have been moved into fosters’ care have at least some stay, however lengthy or brief, at the orphanage first. This isn’t always the case, but it happens that way more often than not.
I type the names into the Internet search engine, remembering how Evvie spelled them before we climbed the bur oak to return to Miles. Shading quickly fills the loading time indicator, and a no results match your search message is delivered. That’s confusing. No, unsettling.
I decide to search each of the girls’ names individually, but have no success in my search. Everyone has some information that can be found about them on the Internet. Everyone has a chip, which means everyone older than thirteen (and most older than three) also have a tablet. You automatically have an indestructible TabFile when you register your new tablet to your social security code number. All basic, public domain information like given names, ages, birthdates, birth genders, natural-eye colors, ethnicities, and county of residence are provided. Every person owning a tablet or another device capable of connecting to the Internet has access to this public knowledge.
There is a chance that neither of the Braves girls owns a tablet. The court record showed that they were adopted six years ago, meaning they are at least six years old, but one sister is likely at least a year older, being that twins are exceedingly rare. 
Children with tablets can begin logging hours on EduWeb at age three, when they qualify for preschool. This is why most children over the age of three own a tablet. At five, or sometimes six with a variance, children are required by law to begin their formal schooling. Miles County does have two elementary schools to which an elect population opts to physically send their children. Willing fosters usually do not have the funds or the desire to send their children to these elite institutions. 
A forced foster, someone who adopted the child or children of a deceased friend or relative, might be wealthy enough to afford this. It is possible Tuli and Tigonee have gone six or seven years without owning a tablet, but it is unbelievable that their names have gone unmentioned on the Internet by a friend, relative, teammate, or an instruction monitor. 
I type Loretta Harter on the floating keyboard because I don’t want to say my mother’s name out loud. Suspiciously, the search again yields no results. I was actually not searching to view my mother’s information, but to see if there are any other Loretta Harters living in Miles. No results? How can this be possible? I have looked up my mother’s name dozens of times before and have clearly seen her picture and basic information on her TabFile. I’ve also read a little anecdote of my parents’ marriage on the county’s unions’ database. I’ve seen these and other mentions of my mother on the Internet before, including her obituary. Where have those gone? Why can’t I find them now?
I’m beginning to believe there are far too many coincidences here. I’ve invented many excuses: the misappropriation of the Braves girls to our Loretta Harter, the chances that the girls do not yet own a tablet and do not have any trace of their existence online, and now all of my mother’s information mysteriously evaporating—the likelihood of all of these unconnected events occurring together by chance alone is absolutely miniscule. Impossible. 
That’s because these events are connected and not by chance. Evvie is more right than I realized about her instinctive reaction. And again I have to forego telling her the truth to protect her. Her instruction monitor was wrong. There is such a thing as knowing too much, especially when the informed mind belongs to an untrained, fourteen-year-old mouth. 



I scratch a handwritten note to Evvie before I sneak out that says, I’m gone. Be back soon. Or at Tiana’s. I’m not sure how late Evvie will sleep in. I might be back and gone to work already if she’s finally able to steal some solid sleep. I hope this is the case. She needs it and it will give me more time to think about this mess and decide what to do about it.
Serving is beyond easy in this high-tech age. Most customers book their reservation ahead of time and receive a message directing them to their table number when their tablet sees that they’ve arrived on the premises. They use their tablets to order their drinks and meals as well, sometimes before they arrive and sometimes as they sit down. All a server has to do is bring the items and scan someone’s wrist at the end. Occasionally a customer complains about a dish or needs more syrup, but those things are easy to handle while covering many tables.
Hardly anyone comes between ten and eleven o’clock. If any late-risers do come in, most order a simple cup of coffee and perhaps a light side of some kind. This irritates my boss, Tiana, because she intends to be serving lunch and not late breakfasts at this time. She needs to realize no one but obscurities are on that schedule on a Saturday in Miles. Some residents may still be living their Friday night to its fullest at almost five o’clock in the morning. I have to delay my excursions if I choose to go on Saturdays or Sundays, because sporadic partiers will still occupy the streets at four.
My day begins now. My hope is that my run this morning will clean the slate of worries in my head. From nine o’clock, when I have to report to work, until eleven, when Tiana’s preferred customers come in for lunch, I’ll have time to think about the lack of information about Tuli and Tigonee and decide how to proceed. Hopefully Tiana finds something to busy herself with instead of spending this time chatting with me.
I allow the run over to EPA 7-8 to be lighter than usual, since I slept poorly again last night. My insomnia is really starting to take a toll on my strength. My arms feel a bit shaky on the climb and my splash falls short of where it normally does. Regardless of my shortcomings, I’m in no danger of being caught. Even the timing game bores me today. And I’m certainly not going to seek out obstacles and push myself to my limit like usual. All I want to do is get to the top of the hill where Evvie and I enjoyed the sunrise yesterday. 
I lazily start to slump off my top when I hear quick thuds approaching me. The sounds are unmistakable. Feet. Running right at me, for me.
I spin halfway around to see the blur of a sturdy man as he grabs me and covers my mouth. Strangely, my first feeling isn’t fear but remorse. Why did I try to turn? I should have run the instant I heard a sound misplaced in my place of solitude.
I lurch about in my captor’s grasp with every iota of strength that belongs to me. He whips me around and I flail my legs, circumstantially making contact with a second, wiry man who jolted out from behind a bush. The solid blow sends him back to his knees and he holds his face for a moment, shocked and pained. He can’t be much older than me, if at all. He isn’t dressed officially, like I’d imagine a county captor would be, but instead he wears simple, earthy shades.
I fight an arm free with the thrash that knocked this man’s partner down. I immediately thrust my elbow into his ribcage. It loosens his grip, and I bolt from his grasp.
I can hear that I have about a five-step lead on one and a few more on the other. I’ve trained for this. I’m sure I can outrun and outlast just about anyone on my best day, but I’m slow today, and as much as I’m trying, I can’t muster enough power to maintain my lead. They’re gaining. Quickly.
I don’t make it a distance greater than a timing game sprint from one tree to another before I sense the larger man only two strides behind me. In another eight seconds, he’ll be able to grab me. I urgently dive into my pack and fortunately find the handle of my knife. By the time I have it out, I have two seconds to open it, turn, and thrust it into my attacker. 
But I don’t get that chance. I’m barely beginning to pull it out of my bag when my legs are kicked out from under me. My arms are tied up in this unexpected assault. I’m falling rapidly without my arms to brace myself.
I hit hard. The back of my head makes contact with something solid, sending stabbing sensations throughout my head and down my neck and back. Two blurry figures are on me in seconds, pinning down my feeble arms and legs. One forces my head to the side and presses my skull against the rock-hard surface. I think my eyes are open, but I’m not positive because I can’t see clearly. There are only blurs of light and dark. Suddenly, I feel something warm run down the insides of my thighs and I realize how terrified and helpless I am. 
“Ah shit. Hurry up,” the one restraining my legs says. The other man tugs and pulls on the skin of my neck with one hand as he presses into my jaw with the other. I’m sorry, Evvie, I think as I decide I’m unable to put forth more of a fight to free myself. The man stops fussing with my neck for a second.
Let me go, please, I think in the hiatus of the attack. I feel a prick in the wad of skin he’s selected and then a deep burn as a needle slides into the vein. It’s not over here. These men plan to take me somewhere where they can prolong whatever torture pleases them. I feel myself drifting away and then feel the deepest black, a heavy calm. I wonder if I’m dead.

***

What seems like a blink later, I cautiously open my heavy eyes. 
“You’re a righty,” says a man dressed in blue scrubs. He looks to be in his late forties, maybe older.
“What?” I ask, dizzy and confused.
“Your chip. It was in your right wrist. Not many of those, I imagine. Sorry about the scar on your left.”
Who is this man? Why is he talking about my chip? Where am I? I examine my wrists to find them wrapped in dingy bandages. Suddenly I remember the attack in the forest. The man in this artificially lighted room wasn’t one of my attackers, I know that much. Both of them were taller and in their prime. Still, I’m scared and distrusting of this stranger and this place. 
I can blow past this guy. He won’t expect it and he’ll never catch me. His head tilts sideways as he tries to read my thoughts. He’s astute and suspecting. I can read it in his eyes. The time is now. 
I spring from my horizontal position, disregarding the blanket that covers me. It tangles my feet and the IV tears at my hand.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” the man panics, rushing to the end of the bed. He reaches for me, but he’s an instant too late. The IV stand crashes to the floor about the same time that I do. “Della!” he yells over his shoulder. I lamely move my arms and legs in any kind of resistance. I become so woozy that I vomit on myself. “Sedative!” he orders to the clicking feet that enter the room.
“Again?” a dark-haired, stoutly woman asks, looking at me and not him. I take her to be another doctor or a nurse, since she’s dressed in scrubs too. I might trust them. I might think that someone has rescued me from the men that attacked me, but the surroundings of this supposed hospital are amiss. “Now!” he demands. I watch uneasily as she scuttles to upright the IV stand and pierces my pinned hand.
I regain enough strength to pull my other arm away from the man, but he has the advantage of knowing what I am trying to do. He lets me hit him so long as he protects the hand containing the IV. My effort is futile. The doctor’s weight lightens and his eyes focus on mine. “Go to sleep. It’s okay. We’re not here to hurt you.”
I wish I could believe that some hero rescued me and brought me here, to a real hospital, to real doctors who can make me better. But they removed my chip. My instincts tell me that these people disguised in blue are associated with my attackers. They are two more who have abducted me, who mean to confine me. I want to keep thinking, I need to figure out a way to escape, but my mind turns to paste and I drift away again.



“She’s waking up,” a masculine voice announces. “You talk to her this time. I’ll be right outside the door.”
“Hi there. My name is Dellaphine and I’m your nurse. Della, if you like. How are you doing?” asks a woman with a funny accent. She sits on the edge of the bed I lie in. She blinks blankly as I hesitate to answer.
“I don’t know,” I answer.
“Do you feel nauseous at all?” she asks with an overly friendly grin that makes me feel as though she’s talking to a child.
“I don’t think so,” I decide. The nurse anxiously places something that was in her hand on a nearby tray. I follow the clinking and see that the device, some kind of shot, rests beside blood-crusted surgical tools that line the tray. 
“That’s good. Last time you got sick,” the nurse says. “I don’t know if it was because of the concussion or the fluid you had in your lungs. You’re lucky we found you. You had swallowed enough water to become very sick from secondary drowning.”
Last time? Drowning? What is she talking about?
“Just remember we’re here to help you, okay? What’s your name, darling?”
Something is wrong. “I don’t know,” I realize. Am I supposed to know this person? Am I supposed to know where I am or how I got here? I’m sure I’m supposed to know my name, but I don’t. I don’t know my own name. My heart begins to race. 
“It’s okay, honey. You can trust us. We’re here to help you,” she repeats.
“Help me with what?” I wonder out loud.
She ponders this for a second. “We’re here to help you get away from Miles.”
“Who’s Miles?” I ask her. What has happened to me?
“Galv!” the woman calls. She stands up from the bed and adjusts her garments.
“I heard,” a man sighs at the doorway. I don’t think I was supposed to know he was there. He paces in and pulls up a rolling chair beside the bed I lay in. “My name is Galvesten and I’m your doctor. Do you remember who this is?” he motions toward the nurse who stands and smiles awkwardly at the foot of the bed.
“Dellaphine,” I answer. “What happened to me?”
“Della, yes. It seems like you are experiencing amnesia. Do you know what that is?”
“It’s where you can’t remember,” I answer. 
“Right. Good. That’s a good sign. This happens sometimes. It’s probably very temporary. You’ll start remembering soon,” he assures. “I know it’s tough, but the more relaxed you can be, the better for your recovery.”
Now I notice that I do feel dizzy and nauseous. I also see that both of my wrists are wrapped in bandages. I don’t know who I am but I’m worried that I tried to kill myself. Something about that burns deep within me. “Did I hurt myself?” I ask, slightly lifting my wrists, but too ashamed to lift my eyes. 
“No,” Dellaphine responds quickly, realizing my reference before the doctor does. “I’ve got this, Galv,” the woman says to the doctor. He cautiously removes himself from the room. “Listen. And try to trust me, okay? You used to live in Miles County. Does that sound familiar to you?”
“No,” I admit.
“That’s okay, you will remember, hon,” she assures. This Della seems very sweet. I do feel like she reminds me of someone. At the same time, I feel like it bothers me that she’s using all of these terms of endearment with me. I’m torn with how I feel about her, and utterly confused about everything else.
“My head hurts some. I had a concussion?” I ask.
“Have,” she corrects. “You had to have hit it pretty hard. I can get you some more medicine to take the pain down if you’d like.”
“Do you know how I hit my head?” I ask. I am more concerned with finding out who I am and why I’m here than with feeling better. Della and I hear two knocks against the doorframe.
“Come in,” Della invites amiably. A young man walks through the doorway. He is of average height with a toned build and has light, ashen hair. I take him to be some kind of laborer, who spent most of his summer days under the hot sun. “Oh, it’s you. Shouldn’t I see you with an icepack on that face?” I take a closer look at his bronzed face. One of the lids above his tranquil, green eyes is red and puffy. The skin below that eye is yellowing from the inside corner. In fact, the whole left side of his face is swollen a smidge wider than the right. His tanned skin reddens when he becomes aware of my persistent peer.
“I’m fine, Del,” he snickers. “Doc said she might have amnesia,” he says as he looks to me. He and the nurse exchange a look and she nods. They’ve agreed upon something secretive, and I’m irritated that I’m not let in on the secret since it clearly pertains to me.
“I’m Cy,” he says. His expression is a mix of concern and bashfulness. The tone he uses to introduce himself and his shyness signify that this is probably his first introduction to me. His warmth and soft eyes are inviting, but why is he here if we don’t know each other?
“Do I know you?” I ask.
“No,” he responds, looking a little dejected to say so.
“Do you know me?
“Kind of,” he decides after a moment of deliberation. He lifts his hand and begins to nibble on his thumbnail, as if putting something to his face takes the pressure off him.
“Do you know my name?”
“Sorry, I don’t,” he confesses. I conclude that he doesn’t know who I am any more than I do right now.
“I feel like my name starts with a V,” I offer to the nurse.
“Oh, okay!” Della chirps. “We’ll try to help you think of it. Um, Victoria?” she guesses. I shake my head, but I’m not really sure either way.
“Veronica?” Cy suggests, entering the room. He seems to appreciate a direction in this conversation between strangers.
“I don’t think so.”
“You just stop us if you hear something that seems familiar,” Della instructs.
“Venus?” Cy tries.
“Venus?” Della cracks at Cy. “Does she look like a Venus?” 
I don’t know. I have no idea what I look like.
“Hey! Inside names can be quite creative,” Cy remarks sarcastically. What does he mean by inside names?
“Is there a mirror?” I ask, deciding looking at one might be a better avenue to finding out who I am. Della and Cy stop their babbling abruptly when they realize why I’m asking to see a mirror. Della mumbles as she sifts through a couple of large, zip-up briefcase bags on the floor. Cy leaves the room and goes down what must be a hallway to look for one. The way Della rummages about the room makes me wonder if she really works here.
“There’s one in that bathroom at the end of the hall,” Cy peeks his head back in to inform us. “We’d have to move the generator and the light.” I look up and notice that the source of light in the room is a high-wattage lamp clamped above the bed. It’s plugged into a heavy-looking machine that has chords tangled all about it.
“We’d have to move the patient,” Della coyly adds. The patient, the lonesome girl who is devoid of a name. Here I sit, too attached to machines and wires to venture down a hallway. I’m clearly in a less-than-healthy state, yet there is no one that knows or cares about me enough to support me during my recovery. There must be someone. Maybe no one knows that I’m hurt and that I’m here, wherever here is. 
“Here.” Cleverly, Cy removes the medical instruments from the shiny tray that stands at the head of the bed next to an IV stand. The apparatuses haven’t been cleaned, but the blood does not faze him. No one touches a stranger’s blood with their bare hands in a hospital. I may not know much else right now, but I know that. This room is eerie and these people are too peculiar. I have an uncanny intuition that all is not right here.
Cy holds the makeshift mirror in front of me. I see a young woman whose eyes I’m drawn to. They’re deep-set, yet prominent. The blue-green iris is outlined heavily in dark blue, offsetting the golden ring that surrounds the pupil. Light freckles dot my smooth, pale skin. I have thick, chestnut hair hanging just below my neck in an unsightly ponytail. A few long, stray bangs stick to my forehead. I’ve either recently been very sweaty, and have naturally wavy hair, or it was slept on wet.
“Valerie or Vanessa?” Della suggests, still holding the tray for me. I stop looking at myself because it doesn’t seem to help me decide on my name.
“Violet,” Cy tries again, half-jokingly to annoy Della. His initial awkwardness has quickly faded and already he seems comfortable, even charming.
“That sounds familiar.” I’m a bit embarrassed that his joke may be my name, but I’m not going to ignore that finally something pings of familiarity just because a stranger thinks it’s absurd. Cy shoots a surprised glance at Della, and a regretful one at me. “I don’t think that’s it though. Maybe it doesn’t start with a V, but I feel like it has one in it. I don’t know,” I admit.
Della and Cy immediately take heed that I’m feeling a little overwhelmed and a touch depressed.
“It’s okay, honey,” Della comforts. “It’ll come.” Quietly she changes her focus to Cy. “Your partner didn’t stop in. Am I to take it that he didn’t get hurt or didn’t get too hurt?”
“Too hurt,” Cy laughs. “He’s on chip duty.”
“What and where were his injuries, Cylis Davids?” Della demands. I enjoy the jesting between these two and I suddenly decide I like them both. 
“Bruising maybe. Nothing much. Rib cage. Twice,” he adds with a smile. 
“What happened to all of us?” I ask Cy, assuming my injuries are connected to his.
“You happened,” he chuckles. “I’m not too proud to say it.”
“What?” I thought he didn’t know me. I’m growing irritated that no one is giving me a straight answer about how I got here. You would think Cy does know me for how accurately he identifies my change in temperament again.
“You live in Miles County. It’s small compared to the others, population wise I mean. Do you know what a city is?” Cy asks.
“Yeah. A bunch of business buildings crammed into a circle,” I reply.
“Yes, good. Especially the circle part.” He winks at Della and waits for her to acknowledge my progress. My nurse concedes it, which makes me feel a bit better.
“I’m going to step out. Holler if anything changes, Cy.” Della takes only a step toward the door when she whirls back around. “Oh! Your medicine,” she interjects. “I’ll be back with it.”
Cy scoots his rolling chair closer to me. “Anyway, you didn’t like Miles, and you were thinking about escaping out here.”
My head is flooded with questions. Why didn’t I like Miles? Where is out here? And how can this outsider possibly know my intentions when he doesn’t even know my name? I decide on one question to ask. “Where is out here? Where are we now?”
“We are at a hospital.”
“It doesn’t sit well with me,” I tell him bluntly. “It doesn’t match up to what a hospital should look like, and I don’t think it’s because I bumped my head.”
“That’s because our real hospital is three hours from where they found you,” Della supplies as she returns. “And even that hospital wouldn’t look like the hospitals you’re remembering.” She attaches a little vial to the tubing between the bag of fluids and my hand. “The medicine should kick in soon,” she says, pointing to the drip. 
“Our township is between Billings, Miles, Rapids, and Casper counties,” Cy continues, “but I suppose those names mean nothing to you.” He’s right. I don’t recognize the names of any of the places he mentioned. “It’s mostly south, and a little bit west of Miles County, where you lived. Right now we are at the temporary hospital. It’s vacant unless we have an emergency. We called Galvesten and Della to meet us to help you.”
“Thank you,” I offer, deciding the formality is probably in order. “What was the emergency?”
“Your concussion,” Della responds, dumbfounded by my question. “We gave you an ample dosage of steroids to reduce the swelling.”
“How did it happen?” I ask Cy, deciding Della isn’t apt to answer the question.
“Where is she?” A harsh voice cuts in from around the corner. I hope it is someone who knows me that is finally arriving to this desolate place.
“Who are you?” the young, tall man demands from me. There is no denying he is strikingly handsome. He has dark hair and deep blue eyes. I might be attracted to him if he weren’t screaming at and unnerving me.
“What’s your name?” he shouts, now getting in my face.
“Relax, man,” Cy says, lamely trying to pull him from my space. “What’s your problem?”
“Her chip had a mike and she looks a lot older than three to me.”
“What?”
“You heard me, Cy,” the man says harshly, but there’s a sorrow in his eyes as he tells this to Cy. These two know each other well. He must be Cy’s partner. Cy told Della that he suffered blows to the ribcage during whatever scuffle we all endured. If he’s hurt, it doesn’t show. His presence makes me feel small, weak. 
“She’s a trap!” he says, shaking Cy’s shoulders with the intent to eradicate any protestations from my new acquaintance. Somehow, the heated man does not intimidate Cy. He shakes himself free of the man’s grasp.
“You don’t know that,” he throws back. “Just settle down and give her a chance to explain.” If I am a trap, whatever that means, I sure don’t know it. How am I supposed to explain myself?
“I have amnesia,” squeaks out. It’s all I can offer.
“The hell you do! You’re playing dumb, aren’t you? Did you set us up?” he accuses as he powerfully takes hold of my bicep.
Suddenly, it feels hard to breathe. I become extremely dizzy as my lips quiver and find no words to defend myself to this stranger. One of the machines I’m connected to starts beeping fitfully. 
“Knock it off, Crewe,” Cy begs.
“Galv!” Della calls as she frets over me. 
“What is it?” The doctor hurries in to see what the ruckus is about.
“Panic attack, maybe?” Della questions. I fight for air, but can’t seem to swallow the knot in my throat that’s preventing me from inhaling. 
“Crewe, get out of here,” the doctor orders. The man doesn’t budge. “I’m in charge in here,” the doctor says, glaring at him. “Now!” He finally turns and makes his way out, but not before punching the doorframe with his bare fist. I’m glad to see him go, but it doesn’t help the air come any easier. “Cy, you too. Just go,” the doctor demands, without allowing a moment for protest. 
The doctor raises my legs onto his shoulders. “We can’t issue any more of the sedative,” he says to Della. “It’s sure to be what brought on the amnesia.”
“What if Crewe’s right, Galv?” Della begins to panic. “If she is a trap, we should be moving quickly, shouldn’t we?” Something should be done quickly, but it’s not moving, it’s saving my life. Can’t they see that I’m suffocating? I reach up for the doctor who distractedly cycles my legs.
“You need to stay calm, Della. All right? We’ll handle that. Disconnect her. We are going, and she’s coming with us.”
“She can’t like this. She needs—”
“Chloroform,” Galvesten interrupts. I hope that’s something to help me breath. I know I’ve heard the word before, but I can’t find its meaning. Della fiddles with a large medical duffle bag while Galvesten decides to unplug the beeping machine and the other chords from the unit. He pulls sticky pads from my chest and gets up to shove them in another bag. 
Everything goes fuzzy. Am I dying or just passing out? Something wet is gently placed over my nose and mouth. “This is going to help you breathe, sweetie.” I can sense her by my side, but Della’s voice sounds so remote. “Just breathe,” she says as she methodically strokes my hair. 
Thankfully, this treatment does help me to breathe. Then, just as quickly as this mystery substance became my savior, it becomes my enemy. It’s useless to fight the paralyzing power of the liquid. I don’t trust this group anymore with the addition of the raging man and the accusation he brought against me. I’m terrified as I lose myself, falling victim to their control.



I wake up in a moving vehicle, leaned up against the window in the back seat. A white and blue patterned hospital gown is draped over me like a blanket. I can feel that I’m clothed, but everything feels bunched and twisted.
My waking is unnoticed by the other four passengers who are packed tightly into the speeding vehicle. The car is small, but it’s still much larger than the toy-like electric cars in Miles. Miles! I sit up in a flash and shout over the dull conversation. “Take me back! You have to take me back!”
“Easy now. Easy,” guides Della in the center seat next to me. I ignore her and speak to Cy, whose stunned gaze is upon me.
“It’s not Violet,” I tell him. “It’s Evelette!”
“Okay, good,” he starts.
“No!” I silence him in my need to be understood. “My sister. Her name is Evelette.” I turn my attention to the driver, the one who accused me of being a spy. “You have to take me back!”
He slams the brakes, puts the car into park in the middle of the road, and turns around to face me. “Who are you?” he demands again as he did back in the hospital. Only now, I remember the events before waking up in the hospital. I remember the attack.
I turn back to Cy, just as stunned by what I have just realized as he was a moment ago. “It was you.” I know little about him. In fact, after this revelation, it turns out I knew nothing at all. Yet I feel deeply betrayed, as if by a long-standing friend. He seemed so honest, so true. He played me. 
I should run. I should let them see if they can catch me twice, but my rage glues me here. I direct it all toward the man who accused me of being the mole. “And you! You attacked me and injected me with something. So the real damn question is who are you?” I fire at him.
Hot air slides uneasily through his gritted teeth. “My name is Crewe Davids. Cy is my brother. We’re seeksmen. That’s why we took you. Our job is to find refugees from the counties and bring them to Sheridan.”
I don’t know what he’s talking about. It’s not the amnesia—that seems to have gone as suddenly as it appeared. It doesn’t matter.
“I don’t care who you are or why you attacked me!” I interject. “I have a younger sister in Miles. I’m her guardian. You’re taking me back!” I demand.
“Have you talked about being out?” Cy asks.
“What?” I’m so irritated. I told them to take me back, not to waste precious time with stupid questions. Get his gas-guzzling car in gear and turn it around.
“Have you talked about being outside of the county?” Crewe asks, matching the forcefulness of my inner thoughts. “Ever? To anyone?” I inhale to spew something out, I’m not sure what, but I’m stopped by quick words. “Your chip had a mike.”
Had? Panicked, I examine my right wrist. It’s bandaged. They removed my chip and stole with it my identity, my claim to my sister, and the meager funds that will keep us alive.
“Answer his question,” Cy raises his voice, his patience waning.
“Yes! Yesterday. Yesterday I showed my sister how I get out of Miles. We talked, but we were outside—”
“Shit!” Crewe yells as he slams both hands into the steering wheel. He shoves the car door open and slams it behind him, leaving the engine idling. He walks briskly away from the car and squats down, squeezing his head in his hands.
“What else did you talk about?” Cy asks. He’s intense and frazzled too, but he remains composed enough to get the information his brother is too hot to hear.
“I got my sister back two days ago. She was terrified by something. She couldn’t talk to me about it while inside Miles,” I explain. “We went out together yesterday before dawn and talked. She was upset because it looked to her as if our dead mother was still alive.”
“What? What does that mean? What do you mean by that?” Cy stutters.
“The court database showed my mother as the guardian of two foster or adopted girls, beginning the year that she died and continuing until now. I looked up their names but found nothing.”
“What, specifically, did you say about being outside of Miles?” asks the remarkably calm doctor in the passenger seat. “Think about the whole transcript. What, if anything, shows without a doubt that you had escaped from Miles?”
I was distraught then, am more so now, and suffered a dizzying concussion and amnesia in between. The specifics aren’t going to come back to me. I can’t think that I said too much directly, even though I wasn’t concerned with censoring my tongue.
“Think about what your sister said too,” Galvesten adds. “You had an extremely high-powered mike, like we haven’t seen before. We can assume it picked up your sister’s voice too. That is, if she doesn’t have a mike of her own,” he hypothesizes.
Why would the two of us have microphones in our chips? I’ve never even heard rumors of such things. It was clearly a shock to Crewe when he came in the room demanding to know who I was. I can tell it’s not something they’ve seen often. Who am I to the county? What threat am I that they would need to tap my conversations?
“My sister said, ‘It’s beautiful out here.’” There’s one thing I can remember. “I told her I would show her around.” Oh no. My memory doesn’t fail me. I have a bad feeling about telling them the next piece of information. But if I’m going to tell the group, the time is now when the threatening member is still having a tantrum on the roadside. 
“Later on, I told my sister what our way back inside Miles would consist of, so that she’d have an idea before we attempted it.”
“Try to retell exactly what you said yesterday,” Cy advises.
Rage builds. I have a pressing determination to return to Evvie right now.
“Listen, I know I’ve given you no reason to trust me,” Cy says, “but try to understand that finding out what you said is every bit as detrimental to your sister’s safety as heading back toward her.”
I listen to Cy. I close my eyes and take a deep breath to travel back to yesterday. “I told her we were getting close to our way back in. I told her we were going to do the timing game again and that she could follow me.”
“What’s that? What’s the timing game?” Galvesten asks. Cy rests his brows on his enlaced fingers. He doesn’t present a need to listen as I answer the doctor.
“It’s where we run from tree to tree while the camera scans the opposite side of our location,” I answer as I study Cy. His head remains in a position of defeat. “I don’t even know if the EPA 8-9 camera is in range of my reentry point, but I do it anyway to be safe.”
“What else?” Galvesten insists.
“I told her we were going to climb high in a tree after the timing game. I told her that the tree has two branches that we were going to walk across above the barrier, and then we’d jump down.”
“Crewe?” Cy calls as he opens the back car door opposite me. 
“What?” his brother snaps.
“She talked about her way back inside Miles—about the tree,” he confesses brokenheartedly.
“Directly?” Crewe asks with an eerie calm.
“Clear as day,” Cy sighs. He hangs his head and waits for someone to give us all direction.
“Let me talk to her,” Crewe says. I’m out the door the second I hear him say it. As I approach this perilous man, I notice his demeanor has altogether transformed. “Sit down,” he states as he does so himself. He peers into the vast expanse of overgrown fields and forestry ahead.
“No. We’re wasting time! If someone inside has a reason to listen to my sister or me, then they’ve heard everything.”
“And just like they used satellite radio to pick up your conversation outside of Miles they used infrared or satellite imaging to track everywhere you’ve been since. Do you understand we’re being watched right now? We won’t make it to your sister. They’ll take us down as soon as we’re in range, long before we reach the barrier.”
“I’m not asking you to join me,” I tell him. “I can see that’s not going to happen. You need to understand that it’s my job to protect my sister. I won’t let anyone stand in my way when there’s a chance that someone might hurt her.”
“They’re not just anyone.”
“I wasn’t talking about them.”
“What’s your name?” he asks me out of the blue.
“Sydney.”
“Sydney who?”
“Layton,” I lie. I don’t trust Crewe. He attacked me, sedated me, and is now holding me against my will. The last thing I want to do is tell him who I am. 
“They’ll kill you, Sydney. I’ve seen it done. They know your face. They’re tracking you now. You get anywhere near your sister and you’re dead. What good does that do her?”
What if he’s right? What if trying to save Evvie is a suicide mission? I still think I have to go. I have to try. I’m infuriated that he’s done this. He’s put my sister in harm’s way and has caused my looming death for trying to protect her. It’s impossible to save her and impossible to stay and save myself. The latter is my own fault, but it’s only been made necessary because of him.
“So that’s what you do then?” I scream as I shove the powerful Crewe to the ground. “You abduct people from their families and then turn your back on whoever’s left behind!” I shriek as I relentlessly push him into the gravely roadside. My hands clutch the lapels of his jacket and I press my weight into his chest to pin him down. 
“It’s not like that,” he defends himself from underneath my hostile grasp.
“No? What’s it like then?”
“I didn’t mean for this to happen, Sydney. I didn’t know,” Crewe yells back. He drops his skull to the gritty ground and surrenders. “We see you out there all the time,” he says softly, sorrowfully to the blue sky above. “Usually that means the person is alone, that they don’t have a family. They’re trapped in a damn Petri dish with a bleak future. That’s what we saw for you, Sydney, and we wanted to change that. We were trying to help.”
They’ve seen me out there all the time. How long have these brothers been watching me? Long enough to study me and to wait for what they thought to be the most opportune time. Crewe’s right about being confined in a Petri dish. Strange. That’s what I call the counties too. 
It’s completely his fault that we’re in this predicament, and I hate him for it, yet I see that Crewe is not all bad. He believes he has a worthy duty. The truth is that I might sympathize with his cause, if Evvie and I weren’t victim to it. I let him up, knowing that I couldn’t have held him if he tried to be released.
“Why didn’t you just talk to me?” I ask.
“They watch for us. It’s a good thing anyway since you have a mike. We sedate people and prep them for chip removal. We do the explaining later. Talking was tried before Crewe and I started seeking, but some people decided not to leave their county. Back inside they’d talk. They were tortured for their privileged knowledge and killed for the threat that it brought to their county. Seeksmen were hunted using the citizen’s information, their fate being the same. Seeking has to be done the way we do it.”
“Well, you were wrong about me—I have a family.” I turn and look into the troubled eyes of my abductor. “I know the risk, but you have to understand that it doesn’t matter to me. You need to let me go.”
“I’ll go with her,” Cy says, revealing himself from behind where we sit.
“Cy,” Crewe warns.
“No. She’s right, Crewe. You know she has to go. And we did this. We were wrong. We should go with her.”
“I know that she has to go,” Crewe says as he rises to his feet. “I also know there’s a good chance that she’ll die if she does.” Crewe approaches his brother. “You know that too. Don’t try to be a hero.”
“You’ll let her go alone then? She knows our names and she knows about our town. They’ll suck that and more from her, Crewe. We can’t keep her and we can’t let her go alone. We have to fight.”
Crewe’s hands cover his face again and he begins to pace. “Alright,” he compromises. “I’ve got a plan.” 
“What?” Cy and I inquire together. 
“We’ll go back to the safe house,” he tells Cy. The next part of his plan is directed more toward me. “We’ll head to Miles tonight. We’ll hope for the chance that they’re expecting this; that for whatever reason, and without knowing it, you are a trap. We’ll hope they aim to keep you alive. Did your sister know that you were jumping this morning?”
“I left a message.” Crewe covers his face and Cy hangs his head. That’s evidently not what they wanted to hear. “It was written. Evvie will know to burn it when she realizes something is wrong, and that won’t be until late. My tablet isn’t on if my boss has been calling.” Both men regain a little faith with this.
“Will she call your boss when she starts to worry that you haven’t come home?” Crewe asks.
“I don’t think so. She’ll be careful if she thinks there’s a chance I never made it to work.” She’ll be terrified, but she’ll be smart, I hope.
“Well, we’ll hope for that. The five of us will hide out around the arc of Sector Seven at dusk. We’ll wait and watch to see if your sister comes. If she does, we’ll be ready. Can you handle a weapon?”
“I’ve never tried.”
“Can Della handle one?” Cy asks, trying to be funny in an untimely manner.
“They’ll both learn,” Crewe says.
“Sydney, you have to know there’s a chance she’ll get taken out. My brother is right, this is our fault, and we’d be wrong not to help, but you have to be sure this is what you want. They might just let her be inside.”
“And they might torture her, right?” 
Crewe answers with, “I’m sorry,” and heads back to toward the car, knowing what my answer is.



“There are homes everywhere.” I am perplexed by the scatterings of houses as we drive the abandoned road back toward Miles. Most of the houses are average-sized. Some are brick, but most are painted or sided in white, brown, soft blue, or a variation of tan. I imagine they are covered with dust and cobwebs on the inside, and barren of all homey furnishings and belongings, but if you didn’t know better they could look occupied from the outside, except for unkempt yards with long grasses, weeds, and garden ornaments that have tipped over or blown about.
“They’re not everywhere. Not out here. Most of these are homesteads. Have you noticed all the red buildings?” Cy asks.
“The barns?” I return.
“Yeah. You know that, huh?” Apparently he’s surprised that a county girl like me knows about farms and barns. He probably thinks I don’t know any better than to assume the plants and animals we eat live and grow on the cargo planes that drop them off. We’re not that unaware on the inside, at least I’m not.
“I’ve learned what I can,” I tell him.
“Good for you. This area was mostly farming communities. No population overgrowth threats here. But they were still made to go. Anyone east of this highway went to Billings and everyone west went to Miles.”
“Neighbors. Split apart by a road,” Della sighs dramatically.
“Not just neighbors, families,” Galvesten corrects. “Brothers.” I detect he may be alluding to his own past, but I decide to leave it alone. I know it can be difficult to talk about being separated from your family, and I’ve only just met this man.
“So how long have each of you been out?” I ask.
“You make us sound like inmates catching up after the slammer,” Galvesten laughs.
“Counties aren’t too different,” Cy joins in. I don’t know a lot about that. Large cities used to be hubs for crime, but chips have prevented much of that. Miles County doesn’t even have a prison. A serious criminal or fraud comes up now and again, but they’re shipped to the Billings Penitentiary. If you’re not a government official and you’re allowed to travel outside the county, you’re either one of Miles’ rarely produced criminals or Olympic athletes. 
“When we got out, I was twelve and Crewe was fifteen, right?” Cy asks his brother.
“Seven years ago,” Crewe confirms.
“How’d you do it?”
“Same way it happened to you,” Crewe says. “The captain found us the day we made it outside—outside of the orphanage and outside of Miles.”
“You’re from Miles?” I can’t picture these foreign brothers growing up in the same place that I did. “I lived in the orphanage for three years.”
“No kidding?” Cy says. “When?”
I turn my attention to the younger Davids brother since he seems interested in the coincidence. “First from when I was twelve until I was fourteen, then again from fifteen to sixteen. I got a living variance then.”
“How old are you now?” Cy asks.
“I just turned eighteen. Yesterday, actually. That’s how I was able to get my sister back.”
“Well, happy belated birthday. I’m nineteen, so I suppose Crewe and I got out of the orphanage the year before you got in.”
“Still sounds like prison talk,” Galvesten notes.
“Were you from Miles?” I ask the doctor.
“Nope. I lived in Billings.”
“I was from Tennessee,” Della laughs. “When I was growing up we were still the land of fifty united states,” she beams. It’s clear Della doesn’t hold the ‘world teetering on famine and devastation’ view of the old world that EduWeb presents. “My family moved to Nebraska when I was in high school. After I graduated, I was all set for college, but my parents were too nervous to let me go. The colleges were buzzing with radical ideas of reform that my parents didn’t want to see me involved in. They talked me into waiting a year, which I’m glad I did, because I was going to go to NDSU to study nursing, which means I would have been in Region Three, forever separated from my family.”
College students and men and women in the armed forces were among the people most often misplaced into a county in which they didn’t truly belong. Since the mapping of the counties within each region was done according to census data, the government was rigid about movement from one’s last-known address. Keeping military recruits in clusters was a tactical maneuver, so those appeals were quickly cast off. 
Initially, the newly established county courts heard appeal cases for absentee students or families, like Galveston’s, which were split. Eventually, the courts needed to turn their attention to cases of crime and outrage as people protested the implantations of chips. The dispersed family members were told video chat would have to suffice for the rest of their lives. 
“Does your family live in Sheridan?” I decided to ask Della.
“No. Only Mom and I were able to escape. My daddy and my brother made sure we got out, but they stayed behind to try to fix things. You know men. They were both killed at the hand of the government, God rest their souls. My momma died just last year due to complications of pneumonia.”
“I’m sorry,” I offer. 
“No worries, baby doll. She was sixty-two,” Della says proudly. “She earned two extra years of life in Sheridan. Her life had more quantity and quality than it could have inside a county.”
“How many people live there, in Sheridan?” I ask.
“Two hundred forty-nine,” Crewe answers without hesitation. 
“Two hundred fifty-one if we make it back safely with you and your sister,” Cy picks up. “There’s sort of an unspoken competition right now between the seeksmen who cover counties Nine, Six, Four, and Twelve. Two-fifty is a milestone, and each team wants to be the one to bring that number home.” 
Crewe flashes a sharp glare at Cy in the rearview mirror. Crewe is certainly more mature than his brother, and understands that any slight correlation between the danger my sister faces, the danger we all face, and a stupid competition will not please me.
“Our mission is to seek people who visit the outside frequently, and carefully determine when it’s their time. The population count is only circumstantial to the time we felt you were ready,” Crewe counters.
“How long have you been watching me?” I feel more compromised now than angry. I think about all of those times I stripped down to run in my sports bra and spandex while my outer clothing dried. The forest was my haven, my getaway. And here I’m finding it never belonged to me at all. I was the invader to the seeksmen’s territory.
“What’s your end goal?” I wonder out loud when neither of the brothers answers my question. I want to know what the purpose of all of this is—the hiding, snooping, and abducting, the competition over which team of righteous abductors will add the two hundred and fiftieth person to their microscopic town. Why are they trying to grow their population when the rest of the nation is trying to reduce it?
Crewe does respond to this question. “We don’t know, yet. Obviously we want people to have the option to live in freedom. I have my own personal ideas, but they’re not necessarily everyone else’s. Right now our aspiration is to help anyone we can. If we grow our numbers in doing so, great, because we expect to meet resistance inside Region Two someday. And two-hundred and fifty pales in comparison to 1.4 million.”
“More,” I state. “Two hasn’t made that reduction goal yet.”
“I know, and Boise is paying for it,” Crewe adds.
“What do you mean?” I ask.
“You know that all the counties have identical square mileage, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Each county’s limited area has nothing to do with preserving the natural world—you can see there’s plenty of it out here now.” I had noticed that during this ride.
“It was all to make the people feel contained so that they’d fear population overgrowth and work to lessen it,” Della says.
 “No,” Crewe counters. “They compacted the people the way they did in hopes to help spread disease more quickly in the counties that needed to make the most significant losses.”
“What?” Can that be true? I know the world Americans live in now has been turned upside down from what it once was, but I had no idea the government could be so revolting as to try, actually put forth an effort, to destruct its people.
“Boise has more than ten times the amount of people that Miles has. I haven’t seen it, but can you imagine? The government’s hope was for epidemic to break out and reduce that large population in Region Two exponentially compared to the other counties.”
“But it hasn’t happened naturally in the eighteen years everyone’s been under the government’s confinements and restrictions. We have inside information that the government is going to initiate an epidemic in one,” Cy conspires. One being Boise County. 
The counties within each region are ranked according to their population size. Miles has been twelfth since 2015 when the bill was written and the incarceration initiated. 
“How?”
“We don’t know,” Crewe states. His square jaw line tenses again as he contemplates the potential calamity. Unexpectedly, I’m beginning to feel in sync with him. He lived where I lived. Some misfortune left him and his younger brother orphaned. He found a way out, and learned of an outside world that he and his brother could join. But he didn’t stop there. He fights for Sheridan to grow to preserve the human heart and the existence of true freedom. Crewe Davids’ heart burns for righteousness and his mind searches for the tactics to unsure it.
“What’s our plan, Crewe?” Galvesten changes the subject to the matter at hand, to acquiring Evvie.
“We go to the house. Eat. Take out the guns and teach these two to shoot,” he answers, referring to Della and me. “We call Merick and let him know what’s happened and what we plan to do. We set stations for each of us, we go in, and when night falls, we watch for her.”
“And for them,” Cy adds.
“Who’s Merick? Is he the captain, the one that got you out?” I ask. There are endless questions that I want answered, now that I know I belong with these Sheridans. I know their cause enough to believe that this is the right move for Evvie and me.
“No,” Cy responds. “Merick isn’t the captain. If there were an official hierarchy, Merick would be only a rung below him. Merick is always in Sheridan, so he feels more like our town’s leader. But the captain is the one who started the effort to seek and acquire refugees.”
“Where does he go when he’s away from Sheridan?” 
“Other towns. Other collections of the free inside Region Two. There’s a small cluster between Bozeman, Missoula, and Great Falls counties. They’ve named their town after their staying leader, Braves. There’s another between Idaho and the other two Falls counties. They’re just called Idaho, like the old state.”
“There’s a leader named Braves? Was he from Miles?” 
“No, why?” wonders Cy.
“Nothing. Never mind,” I say. I suppose now I’ll never know why Tuli and Tigonee Braves were shown to be the foster children of my deceased mother. “Why is your town called Sheridan?”
“I can answer that one,” Della smiles. “It was named after a Unites States general from the Civil War. We didn’t name it,” she clarifies. “We just decided to resurrect the old name.”
Sheridan is home to almost two hundred and fifty people. There are two other refugee towns in Region Two. I’m estimating that there are roughly seven hundred non-county inhabitants in Region Two.  That’s seven hundred more than I knew existed, but far less than what would be needed to create any kind of resistance to even just one county. “What about Cheyanne and Rock Springs?” I ask when I realize I haven’t heard anything about these Region Two counties.
“Eleven and Three? We don’t know. None of us have ever met up with anyone fleeing from there. But that doesn’t mean they don’t exist,” Cy speculates. 
“What about other regions? Are there towns of refugees in other regions of the nation?”
“We don’t know that either,” Crewe answers. “Do you know about the armed boundaries?” 
I shake my head. I have no idea what he’s talking about. It sounds awfully oppressive.
“Armed guards line the latitude and time-zone boundaries around each region. There are bases where operatives watch for vehicles, boats, jets, or people on foot trying to cross it.”
“That must take a lot of manpower.”
“Not too much. They use mechanized, thermal imaging to detect infrared energy waves being emitted,” Crewe explains. “The guards are alerted if any large-massed body with a temperature between ninety-six and ninety-nine degrees comes within a mile of the border. The machine bypasses deer, mountain lions, bears, and other large mammals whose body temperatures are normally above one hundred degrees. It’s brilliant technology, unfortunately for us.”
“I’m involved in developing ideas for healthily inducing fevers among a force from Region Two that may try to travel across into Three to search for others like us,” Della shines. I hadn’t expected her to be a component in a ploy like this, but I suppose doing research in a lab and blogging about it constitutes as being involved for Della.
“Problem is, we don’t know what kind of technology they have in Three, and what kind of hostility they’ll bring if they spot our invasion,” Galvesten reminds all of us.
Crewe lets out a sigh heavy with responsibility. I feel the weight of it too. This conversation is stirring questions about tonight, therefore agitating me. We may be detected if our every move is not being monitored already. We could be caught. If we are, we have no idea what decisions the agents in Miles will make. I get the impression that both the merciless, quick kill and the torture for surrender of knowledge methods have been used in the past.
“We’re here,” Crewe announces.



We pull into the driveway of a plain and modest home. The three, large windows facing us have dark curtains pulled tightly shut. Crewe puts the car in park and jumps out, but no one else unlatches their seatbelt. He opens a flap on the rim of the garage door, and presses his thumb to the screen.
“I reprogrammed it for us,” Cy brags as the door opens. “That’s my niche.” Crewe crouches back into the cramped car and pulls us into the garage. This time when he puts the car in park, everyone unbuckles and exits. When I get out of the car, I notice that the garage door windows are covered with cardboard.
“Do you come here very often?” I ask anyone of them.
“Crewe and I try to come for a couple of days each week,” Cy answers as Crewe unlocks the door to the house, this time with a key that dangles from a chain that he pulls from under his tee-shirt. “We drive here in the evening, get set inside, and make our way to Miles County by foot.” 
Cy keeps talking as we all cramp through the doorway, but I’m not paying much attention to the answer to my question. Everyone but Crewe walks through to the house to a large, central room. He lingers in the kitchen where knives and guns line the counters. 
“We seek from dusk until dawn,” Cy is still saying. “Then, we walk back and crash.” He releases the word crash in timing with an exaggerated flop onto a couch. It seems as if this space would be the media room, but no projector or media screen is present here. Even my lowly apartment had a built-in screen for maximizing tablet media. This doesn’t even have an ancient television set. I suppose if it ever did, they’ve since removed it.  
Scattered across the better part of the floor are incomputable gadgets. They are ugly, bulky technologies of the old world, which sharply contrast with the small and sleek ones I am used to. The only built-in feature in the room is what was probably an electric fireplace. The space has since been gutted and supplied with real wood, which Galvesten now perfects. Cy motions for me to sit in a downtrodden chair beside him. 
I feel guilty sitting when it seems there is work to do. Galv is lighting paper beneath the ideally stacked logs in the fireplace. After fighting with the zipper on one of the medical bags that was brought in from the car, Della now carefully extracts surgical tools that are stained with my blood. Crewe emerges from some rummaging in the kitchen with a deep pan that he hands to Della, and jerky and apples that he tosses to the rest of us.
“For a year we spent the late afternoon and evening hours walking by foot to all the neighbors’ houses to harvest and strip whatever they had that we might be able to use,” Cy says, as he chomps his food. “We hit the jackpot once, didn’t we Galv?”
“Sure did. These boys found an old gas station. Of course the fuel tank was empty, but there were a lot of jerricans filled with gasoline and gallons of oil.”
“Della, how often do you come here?” I ask her.
“The doctor and I come along whenever Crewe tells us to. We’re on his team. If the two of them decide someone is ready, then they tell us it’s time for a trip up to Miles. We go and get the hospital ready while they get the recruit. It was actually never a hospital, the place where you woke up. It used to be an old folks’ home. It’s just a few blocks down that way,” she points. “There’s a good store of equipment there, and enough beds should something go wrong, like Cy here getting kicked in the face.”
“We’ve never needed a bed,” Cy defends. “But I wouldn’t want to wake up here,” he says, gesturing to the messy floor before us. “Someone might think we were stealing their organs for trade on the black market.” The others laugh at Cy’s joke, but I ponder it for a moment. That was a real crime, another one the chips successfully put an end to. I guess there are some advantages for chip implantation. You just forget about those after living with the restrictive cons for so long.  
“How long have you been watching me?” I decide to take another stab at asking Crewe as he digs and divvies ammunition from an oversized cardboard box. Crewe rests his hands to answer my question this time, but he doesn’t lift his eyes from the ammunition.
“About two years, maybe a little less.” Two years? That’s not the answer I was expecting. Crewe hesitantly looks up and sees my astonishment. “I know that sounds bad, but in all that time we probably only saw you ten times. We don’t skimp on the time it takes to read people, to decide their story. We don’t take seeking lightly, Sydney.”
I’m very torn on the subject. As much as I am glad for the fact that they study people rather than brashly abducting them, I also feel so invaded by their watchfulness. Besides, after all that time they still got it wrong.
“How many people have you taken?”
“Not a lot. Seven, including you.” He’s right. Seven is not a very productive count for at least a two-year time span. At the same time, seven can be seen as a lot of people. I didn’t think there was a single other soul in Miles who had ever gotten out. I wonder if any of them used the same outlet or inlet that I used. I can’t believe I never bumped into any of them, or heard about anyone mysteriously disappearing from the county. 
“You were the first person I saw when I joined Crewe about a year and a half ago. I couldn’t officially enlist until I was eighteen, captain’s rule. Crewe was the first seeksman stationed at Miles. There were others, like the captain, floating around now and again before, but there was no systematic way to find and help refugees until our force was officially created.”
 “Has anyone ever gotten hurt badly? A seeksman or a refugee?” I have a hard time putting it that way. I still want to call the person the abducted or the victim. 
“We lost one once,” Galv says. Della lowers her head in a sorrowful manner as she extracts surgical tools from the boiling pot of water. “He was an older man, and a hemophiliac. Of course we didn’t know it. We didn’t have the proper drugs to help him clot. We couldn’t stop the bleeding once we’d removed the chip.”
“It was okay though,” Della tells herself out loud. “His expiration date was sure to come up soon, and he got to die knowing freedom exists and humanity isn’t doomed.”
I hadn’t thought of their mission that way, the way Della emphasized the word humanity. She didn’t mean the human race in the scientific sense—she was talking about saving the human heart. I think about the lack of humanity in the way that the government forced my grandma’s death. I think about the cold railway passengers the day that I was found out. I think about the woman at the coffee shop the morning of the trial. Della aims to preserve and rekindle human relations. 
I am intrigued to know if there is a warmer feel between the people of Sheridan. If so, I think that might be the most worthy cause of the seeksmen. I hope Evvie comes tonight and that we come away with her. I want her to have the opportunity to experience humanity.
“Have you ever been close to being caught by the EPA?” I ask, back to business.
“The EPA? No. The cameras on the EPA buildings don’t even belong to their agency. They belong to the government and its longstanding dirty workers. All of this,” Cy points to the covered windows, “is a futile effort to keep us hidden from the BOTs.”
“BOTs?” I ask, hinting for elaboration.
“Black-Operations Teams,” Crewe provides. “They’re the ones to worry about. And the answer is no, we can’t really say we’ve ever been close to being caught by them, because we’d probably never have gotten away. They know we’re out here. They know we do this. But they haven’t attempted to stop us. We’re not sure why. Seeksmens in Six and Four haven’t been so lucky.”
“Deck, you’ll meet him, he lost his partner outside of Four. What was it, two months ago?” Cy wonders.
“I think it’s almost three now,” Della helps.
 “About a year ago, a whole team who tried to go inside Six was wiped out,” Cy adds with renewed seriousness.
“How long have the BOTs been around?” I ask.
“Since the United States as far as we know. Maybe by another name then,” Crewe speculates. “There’s more food in that pantry if you’re still hungry,” he points.
“Or there’s seaweed in your bag,” Cy teases. “We confiscated your knife, but now we’re going to give you a gun. You’re not going to shoot us are you?”
“Not until you teach me,” I kid. I have no appetite due to my apprehension, but even with it, Cy manages to make me smile. 



“Wow! Really, that’s impressive,” Cy beams. “Are you sure you’ve never shot before?” I look the part dressed in hunter’s camouflage. More items that Crewe and Cy have mustered together while off-duty during their years of seeking. Surprisingly, I shot about eight for ten. I don’t let on that my arm is tired, that my shoulder is bruised, and that my recently operated-on wrists are screaming with pain.
“Come on, you know the laws on weaponry,” I play. I’ve never even seen a gun in person before.
“I don’t take you for much of a rule follower, knife bearer.” By no fault of Cy’s, I’m feeling unsettled again. His remark reminds me that he and his brother have been watching me for years. They’ve also been through the contents of my pack. I keep teetering between hatred toward the both of them for their invasiveness and for creating our current situation and admiration for what they’re doing. As the seeksmen and their doctoral team see it, they’re using whatever means they can to rescue confined souls and bring them to true freedom in Sheridan. 
Cy, for one, clearly means well, and I accept him more readily, probably simply because it wasn’t his arms that first arrested me. Also, although I have no need to, I do feel a little sorry for kicking the overly-friendly Cy square in the face. 
Crewe on the other hand, I have less sympathy for. I see him as my abductor and the facilitator of my untimely separation from my sister. He abrasively accused me of being a spy while his neighborly brother kindly tried to help me figure out who I was. Even now, Cy stands at my side, teaching and praising me as I prepare to shoot dead any threat to my sister, should she emerge from Miles tonight.
The leader of this mission, Crewe, stands aloof and takes no notice of us. He tenses with frustration for every soup can that he misses. I notice that his cans are scattered with more distance than Cy’s, but still he angers over any missed target. His arm doesn’t seem to tire from holding the relic rifle, nor does his shoulder mourn the beating it takes from the gun’s backfire. 
Cy sports a less outdated, semi-automatic rifle with a box magazine. He admitted that he uses this firearm because it can shoot multiple rounds, giving him a higher hitting percentage than he would have with a weapon like Crewe’s that requires more accuracy.
Galv helps Della handle a lighter, twelve-gauge shotgun. She hasn’t hit a target yet, and I worry about arming her tonight.
“Can we talk?” Crewe unexpectedly approaches me.
“Yeah, sure,” I answer when I realize he’s talking to me and not his brother. Cy carefully helps disarm me and begins reloading in order for him to practice again.
Crewe and I walk around to the side of the house and sit against the yellowed siding.
“I’ve been thinking about some things and I have some questions for you,” he states. I feel as though I’m about to undergo another interrogation like Judge Sutton’s. “You’re important,” he says, looking me directly in the eyes. “I don’t know why,” he says as his gaze turns to nothing particular ahead. “I hope that you’re not keeping anything from me.” He’s relaxed around me, but there’s more than a hint of distrust vexing him.
“I’m not,” I defend. “I’m as perplexed about the mike as you are.”
“It obviously wasn’t implanted when you were born. The technology is too new, the newest model we’ve seen.”
“I was the first baby in Miles County to have a chip implanted at birth. I don’t understand how I could have had such an advanced chip then.”
“Did you ever have surgery for something?” Crewe inquires, thinking that he may have hit something of importance.
“This morning was my first,” I state. Then suddenly, I think of it.
“What is it?” Crewe asks as he recognizes my change in disposition.
“I was in the hospital for a few days when I was my sister’s age, fourteen.”
“What happened?” Crewe asks. I decide I’m okay with answering him honestly. He won’t smother me with sympathy the way Merideth would, or maybe even Cy.
“I got beaten by my foster,” I say, looking down at my lap. I shouldn’t feel embarrassed by the times when I’ve been vulnerable, but I can’t help feeling that way. Crewe doesn’t react at all to my confession. He just continues to stare ahead. “I had alcohol poisoning too. I was out a long while. It could have happened then.”
“I suppose law enforcement knew about the incident?” he quietly questions. 
I nod. All this time, I had thought the police had come to my rescue. Really, they only came to take me to their superiors who planned to seize the opportunity to infiltrate me. When it was done, they discarded me. Evvie and I went right back to Trista’s incapable hands. At least there were no more beatings after that. 
“I’m sure you were heavily drugged in the hospital. They would have worked it to where you couldn’t notice. Can you remember which arm had the IV?”
Wow. I’m astounded. I do remember because of the ploy that was played. This time I’m not disgusted, I almost find humor in my failure to recognize what had happened. 
The IV had been inserted into the wrist of my right hand. They told me I had a slight infection spreading, and that I had to have some antibodies inserted into the surrounding area. After two or three shots a day, my wrist was quite sore in an isolated area. The shots were probably nothing but fluids, same as the IV. It was the new chip that was causing the pain. 
I had the same nurse throughout my stay too. She always kindly blocked my view as she undid the wrapping and administered the antibodies. Her false objective was to prevent a weak-stomached girl from fainting. The bandage was changed at the end of my stay, and I wasn’t allowed to remove it for three additional days. That gave the single stitch time to dissolve and eliminate the evidence of a chip-replacement operation. Chip scars are so slight that I thought it came from the injections. Given the pretenses, why wouldn’t I have thought exactly that?
“That was it,” I finally answer Crewe. “The IV was in my right wrist. They told me I had an infection.”
“Why was a fourteen-year-old in foster care such a threat that a secret team had to come in and update your chip?”
“I wasn’t,” I answer. I was no threat then. I had nothing. My general disgust for the government didn’t develop until later. Even now, my dissention wouldn’t have been significant enough to permanently mike me, would it?
“What about people close to you? Do you think this could have anything to do with them?”
“Evvie is my only family,” I turn to Crewe to say. Our hardened, empty eyes meet. This time it’s mine that break away. “She’s all I have.”
“I’m sorry, Sydney. I want you to know that,” he says, his gaze still fixed on me. “For my mistake, for scaring you, for yelling at you when I thought you were a spy, and most of all for telling you that I wouldn’t go back with you. I thought I was doing my job, but I was being a coward.”
“You were doing your job, Crewe,” I call him by his name for the first time. “You were protecting your brother. I know that job.” 
Crewe’s expression grows graver. “I suppose you do. So I hope you’ll understand why I’m not willing to put my brother on the front lines with us. This is my fault, not his. I don’t want to lead him to his death, Sydney. I can’t do that.” My eyes are welling with the pain we’re both experiencing. I want as many people fighting for my sister as possible, but it would be unbearable to live knowing that I cost someone else’s life for hers, unless that life was my own. I accept Crewe’s plan. 
“Della and Galv have even less to do with what we seeksmen do,” Crewe goes on. “And a good doctor and nurse are always needed back home.” 
“I understand,” my delicate voice cracks. “All of it,” I assure him, meaning I agree about Cy’s responsibility being severed too.
“If whatever threat you pose to the county is significant, then I expect they’ve been tracking us through thermal and satellite imaging. They’ll have no problem taking us out as soon as we cross the line and enter sniper range.”
Crewe sure doesn’t sugarcoat the eminent danger we face. So it is just the two of us. Two young lives crossed in an unfortunate circumstance. Tonight, we pursue a potentially lost cause though it might mean the end of our not-yet-lived lives. But it’s a fight that has to be undertaken. I’m not sure whether he’s trying, but he can’t talk me out of the commitment I’ve made to safeguard my sister.
“If my sister is in any danger now, or could come into it if she breaches, then I will be there to do whatever I can to protect her.”
“I know. I just wanted to be honest with you. I want to ensure that you know all that’s in jeopardy, for preparation’s sake as much as anything else. If you’re all in, then I am too,” Crewe says bravely. “Let’s hope for the best,” he says as he stands and offers his hand to me. I hesitate to take it in the gravity of what this gesture means. Trust. Do I trust this man with my life and with my sister’s? Will I go with him to whatever end awaits us? I break down a layer of the barricade that’s kept me distant from people. I allow Crewe’s firm grasp to help bring me to my feet. Our eyes meet in understanding for a moment and I’m not embarrassed when a tear leaks. 
“We’re disengaged and the ammunition is packed,” Cy says as he comes around the corner. Somehow, I hadn’t even noticed the gunfire during my conversation with Crewe. “You okay?” he asks me as I wipe away the tear with my baggy sleeve. 
“Yeah. I’m fine,” I say, willing my answer to be genuine as I dab at my eyes.
“Hey,” Cy encourages as he takes hold of my shoulder, “it’s going to be okay.” I know he won’t be there with me, but somehow the courage coming from this endearing young man comforts me. I nod and allow a little smile to escape me.
“Will you fuel up and stock the car?” Crewe asks his faithful brother. “It has to be ready in case we need a quick getaway when we make it back.”
Minutes later, the five of us are gathered around the now barren kitchen counter. The knives have been pushed into a pile toward the sink and the guns now lay in the garage, awaiting their pending use.
Before us lies a piece of paper, which Crewe uses to lay out our plan. The accuracy and artistry in his strokes impress me. Assuming we make it that far without facing gunfire, he and I will be stationed behind neighboring trees a short distance south of the pond. Cy will be a good distance behind us, instructed to provide us with cover if an attack ensues.
Galvesten is next, but clearly out of a sniper’s precision range. He’ll be armed with a high-powered, long-distance rifle that will reach us, but no further. Finally, Della will wait unarmed, safely out of gunfire range, but not protected from any kinds of heavy artillery. Crewe doesn’t think anything like that will be used. Miles County wouldn’t want its inhabitants to know there are others out there who are being fought. They won’t want their people to know that there is another way of living. 
A cellular phone rings. I’m not sure if it belongs to any one person, but Crewe answers it.
“This is wrong,” Cy asserts once Crewe is engaged in conversation. “I should be on the front line. You have no business being there,” he says to me.
“I have more business there than you,” I state calmly. “She’s my sister.”
“You only learned to shoot today!” he flares. “Galv, you know I’m right. She shouldn’t be in the ranks.” So it’s not about where he should be—it’s about where I shouldn’t be. “And his campaign about you being farther back in case anyone gets hit, you know that’s crap!” he says to the doctor. “If they hit us, we won’t be wounded. We’ll be dead. There’s no two ways about that. I should be on the front line and you should be covering,” Cy riles the doctor.
“I’ll back you, Cy. You’re right,” Galv confirms. 
“Who was that?” Della asks before I’m able to weigh in on the argument.
“Merick. He can’t trace her,” Crewe answers.
“Crewe,” Cy starts, but I overtake him before he has a chance to negate Crewe’s lineup.
“What does that mean? He can’t trace her?”
“It means they’ve blocked your sister. Merick had our main tech searching for your sister. He can infiltrate the county’s system to see some of the same things they can see: where she is, and if she has a mike, what she’s said and who she’s spoken to. But apparently she’s undetectable right now. If they’ve made the effort to reroute her movements and communications so that we can’t see her, we can guess that wherever she is, whatever she does, they’re watching,” Crewe says hopelessly. Cy curses under his breath. 
“What else did Merick say?” Galvesten asks, alluding to something other than the information about Evvie being blocked from view.
“He said we’re a go.” That means the order is we go in anyhow, even if our chance of meeting hostility, which has been equated with clear-cut death, has just increased. “He pulled the other teams. They’re coming prepared for full assault. They’re well on their way, but they won’t make it in time to be back up.”
In other words, the leader of Sheridan and the other teams of seeksmen are coming to avenge our deaths. Well, not mine, or my sister’s. These people don’t even know us. Yet they’re coming headstrong to meet whatever battle lies in waiting.
“No. This isn’t their fight,” I plead with Crewe. We just talked about this. Why doesn’t he stop Merick from risking more peoples’ lives?
“It’s been their fight forever. Since each of them was captive in whatever county. No, their fight isn’t about your sister—it’s about the county governments denying anyone the freedom they seek. It’s time to go.”
“I’m switching with Sydney,” Cy declares.
“You’re staying right where you’ve been told,” Crewe counters.
“She doesn’t belong there!”
“Neither do you!” Crewe fires, turning on his brother.
“You just said it, Crewe! It’s all of our fight too. So why do you—” Crewe cuts his brother off when he grabs fistfuls of his jacket collar. Crewe pulls Cy’s nose close to his. “You’ll follow your orders and you won’t do anything stupid while we’re out there. You got that?” Cy’s nostrils flare and he clenches his teeth in silence, refusing to respond to his stubborn brother. “Cy, I swear—”
“I got it!” he bellows over Crewe. “I got it,” he repeats, glaring straight into the eyes of his superior. Crewe holds his brother hostage for another moment before he loosens his grip. 
“We’re leaving!” Crewe commands the rest of us. He brushes past his brother through the living room. 
Cy clued me in on this term while we were practicing our aims. Back in his town, they don’t call them media rooms. They are not meant to gather people together for the purpose of viewing media. People are the focal point of the rooms. People are enough. In Cy’s town, they are called living rooms. I guess they always were; I have just never heard it before. 
At first I wonder whether I’m supposed to follow Crewe. I think that maybe we’re headed out through a part of the house I haven’t seen yet. Since no one else moves, I stay too, hoping I haven’t joined in some defiant demonstration.  Crewe returns with a box. He dumps the contents onto the rest of the rubble that litters the living room floor. He throws the empty box aimlessly into the corner, and picks up one of the black, padded vests. 
Cy waits for his brother to exit into the garage before he straightens his collar and moves toward the vests. Against his desire, which is visible to all of us, Cy continues to bite his tongue as he passes out the vests. All of us strap or zip our vests while we walk in silence into the garage.
Galvesten lifts two of the guns, his and mine, and scrapes past Crewe without words. Crewe shakes his head and mumbles, irritated that Galvesten supports Cy’s position. 
Della pulls the two medical bags from the car, and tries to juggle them along with her gun. I take one of the bags off her hands, since all I’m carrying is my pack. 
I take advantage of the men’s egos and brisk walking to hang back and discreetly ask Della for some pain medication. “Hey Della,” I whisper. “Before we get going, can I take something to help with pain? Something light maybe?” I need something powerful enough to take the edge off so that I can sturdily hold my weapon, but something light enough that I will be able to handle it coherently. 
“Sure. What’s aching?” The sweetness in Della has been swept away by the arguing men and the perils ahead. I feel terrible for the situation that’s befallen her. I’m glad she’s been positioned as far back and as much out of reach as possible.
“I’m most worried about my wrist, but my head aches too.” I don’t find pain to be an inspiration and propellant like I did when I ran about carefree through the forest we walk to tonight.
“Can you see clearly? Probably shouldn’t have been shooting those guns,” she says in the same breath. Della hands me two large, blue pills.
“Yeah, I can see fine,” I say as I remove the water bottle from my pack.
“Everything okay?” Crewe calls over his shoulder to us. Cy turns back too. He looks a little dejected, but has seemed to accept his order.
“Fine,” I answer. “We’re coming.” I gulp down the pills and follow the seeksmen outside. Heavyhearted, the five of us walk to Miles in silence.



My timing game, learned by Crewe and Cy throughout years of watching me, commences. Only timing has less to do with it now. It’s not the watchful eye of the camera we’re avoiding—it’s that of the black-operations teams. With their heat-seeking technology and superior, sniper weapons, there is no time when it’s safe to be exposed.
We flash shorter distances than what I’m accustomed to, and at a more frantic speed, yet our movements between the immense conifers have a stealthy sleekness.
We’re about a hundred yards away from the pond now. As far as we know, we’ve been undetectable to the naked eye, but we know better than to celebrate that. Although our bodies are hidden behind the larch trees, our heat signatures blaze in contrast with the cool, night forest.
Crewe signals for each of us to take our final position.
My eyes catch the movement on top of the EPA building before Crewe’s do. Simultaneously, as I fall to his flank, I cock the rifle and pull it into position at my shoulder. Crewe frantically reacts to my draw and blindly aims his weapon toward EPA 7-8.
“No, Crewe. It’s her,” I caution him as he zeroes in on the water erupting from the pond. My eyes remain trained on the place where Evvie splashed while the sight of Crewe’s rifle lifts and searches the EPA rooftop and high-standing solar panels on each end. 
Evvie’s head undulates smoothly above the surface and back below as she takes a shallow breath in the middle of the pond. This indicates to me that she knows too—she knows they’re watching her. 
Contrary to orders, I decide I need to go to Evvie. I have to be there, at the water’s edge, when she next lifts her head. I need to take a bullet for her should someone be hiding in the distance with their weapon engaged and aimed to kill.
My runners grip the moist soil and undergrowth as I push off toward a patch of trees only a few yards away. I hear an explosion of successive rounds and feel their power drive me to the ground as they whiz by. Another inch this way or that, another second faster or slower, and I might have been dead. Through my ringing ears, I hear a bellowing scream approach from my right.
So this is how I cause the death of Crewe Davids, I mourn. I defy his orders and miraculously evade the scrupulous aim of a trained BOT. In desperation to keep one of his subordinates alive, Crewe pushes forward with all of his might to reach me. I close my eyes and listen for the inevitable, for the gunfire to renew. Over the hum in my ears, I hear the distant clanks of a gun as it drops to the ground. So it’s the other Davids brother who dies first. A silencer just killed Cy, positioned farther from harm than Crewe and I were. 
Crewe effortlessly drags me off the ground and sits me up behind the nearest tree. He’s bent over and fussing over me, but I can’t make sense of what he’s saying. Thudding footsteps approach from behind him. If this is Galvesten, he’s next. No gunfire sounds, and the boots draw closer. 
I grab hold of Crewe’s collar, pull him to his knees, and reach for my weapon. Wide-eyed and terrified, Crewe dives across my lap and knocks the gun from my single-handed grasp. Behind him, a pair of hunting camouflage is revealed.
Just as quickly as I’m relieved that I’m alive this second, I’m terrified to see the expression of sheer terror on Cy’s moonlit face above me.
“Are you hit? Are you hit?” Crewe is yelling and shaking me, but I’m fixed on Cy’s eyes as they spot something ahead. His feet take off running toward, not away from, the threat. 
Evvie. I push off Crewe’s shoulder to peek around the clump of trees as I pull myself on my feet. Crewe wrestles me back down and yanks my face toward him. “Sydney,” he says. For a split second, I lock onto his intense, anxious eyes, but as soon as I do, he’s gone. Like the hero he told Cy not to be, he’s after his brother.
I rise to my feet and round the tree cluster, paying no attention to the camera as I burst from the cowardly hideout. Ahead, the hurtling Crewe wraps his gun into position to cover Cy. I expect the seeksmen to be shot dead in their tracks, but no gunfire ensues. They’re running toward the pond. They’re still trying to save my sister. 
I try to match the bravery of the Davids brothers. It should be easy; I’m farther back than them and, unlike Cy, I still hold my rifle. What caused Cy to drop his weapon? Has he been shot and is now propelled by a desire to leave life as a hero?
A braided head emerges from the edge of the pond. Cy reaches in and rips her from the water. Evvie manages the beginnings of a scream before Cy stifles it. He passes the flailing Evvie to Crewe, who turns and runs with her behind the tree nearest to the pond, the first tree I use in the timing game.
An instant later, I meet them at the tree. Evvie is kicking and flailing the same way I did in Crewe’s grasp. It takes her a few precious seconds to recognize me and calm down. When she stops lurching about, Crewe hands her over to me. I wrap her firmly in my arms and continue to cover her mouth. She doesn’t seem to fear that I’ve been brainwashed by the strangers who ripped her from the waters edge. She trusts me completely and doesn’t fight me at all.
“Let’s go!” Crewe shouts when the camera passes. My hand remains latched to one of Evvie’s as I pull her from our inadequate cover, forcing her in front of me as I follow Crewe and Cy’s long, risky sprint past Cy’s original station. In dead sprint, Crewe bends to the ground to grab the muzzle of Cy’s rifle and hikes it behind him to his brother’s waiting hands.
Gavesten has already been on the run since hearing Crewe’s order to go. He slows a bit to hoist the two medical bags from where Della abandoned them. 
Hiding would be futile and slowing at all would be a costly mistake. Thus, none of us bother with the timing game. We are engaged in an all-out sprint, knowing that our lives depend on our speed. Direction is important too, which is why I worry that Della is our current leader. 
Crewe slows, takes my gun from me, and ushers us ahead of him. He had sped to the front to ensure his brother got his weapon, and now that he knows Cy is armed, he drops back to be our shield. Evvie and I must still be within range of our hunters. 
“Don’t go to the house,” Crewe shouts from behind us. “Plan B!” he yells ahead to Cy and to Galvesten who has already caught up with Della. I feel more secure knowing that Galvesten now leads us, but I’m not sure he could make out Crewe’s order.
“Where’s plan B?” I yell behind me. I turn and see that Crewe holds the cellular phone to his ear. 
“How long?” He must be talking to Merick, who has been on his way north to meet us with backup teams.
“What’s going on?” Evvie pleads.
“Shhh!” I scold. “Trust me.”
“How many are there?” Crewe shouts into the phone as we all frantically run. I pray he’s inquiring about the number of troops on our side and not some resistance they’ve met. “Clear them out,” Crewe says. “We need it.”
“Hey!” Crewe calls. I turn back, recognizing that this time he is talking to me. All Crewe needs to catch up with us is the time we waste to turn around. “Tell her about it.” Crewe taps his wrist. “I’m going to catch the others and prep them. Stay back and watch your words.”
“Okay,” I answer. The others have slowed in their struggle to move Della along. Crewe catches them easily. Gladly, Evvie and I lighten our pace and fall about fifty yards behind the others. Crewe wouldn’t have us fall back if we were still in range. It’s no reason to relax; I expect the BOTs are on the move as well, keeping the danger we face immediate. 
I tear the bandage from my wrist and hold my arm out to my sister. “Look.” The fresh scar and stitches are neat, but more sizable then what city doctors and their technology can accomplish. I grasp an imaginary microphone and pretend to speak into in like a master of ceremonies. I point to my wrist to indicate that there was a microphone in my chip. Evvie’s brows furrow in concern, then disgust. I clutch her arm with one hand and turn the fingers of the other into a claw that motions to remove the chip from her wrist.
“I trust you,” Evvie says, beginning to lose her breath. She shakes her head to indicate that I don’t need to try to lay out what’s coming for her like I did when we breached. It’s easier for her to trust me than to decipher code as we sprint through the dusky forest. I’m glad my brave sister trusts me so readily.
“Let’s catch up and then we’ll have a break.” I easily quicken my pace again, but Evvie’s exertions don’t make her legs move any faster than they were going. I have to pull her along for us to make gains. It takes us nearly a minute to get only about halfway to the Sheridan clan. I decide that will have to be close enough. 
“Cy!” I call ahead. He doesn’t look back. “Cy!” I call again, knowing that he can hear me. It doesn’t look as if Crewe is still prepping them, so why won’t he turn? When he does, I see that devastation has hijacked his spirit. “Hang back with her,” I tell rather than ask him. Evvie looks to me with alarm. I give her hand a squeeze to reassure her.
Cy falls back obediently, but purposely avoids making eye contact with me in passing. What has Crewe been telling them up there? What order has he given that makes Cy unable to face me? 
I accelerate to meet the group. I am about to demand to hear the plan when Crewe instinctively begins to outline it.
“Plan B is the station,” he reveals as he runs steadily. “Merick and the others will meet us. Doc and Del will have to take her chip out on the go.”
It’s an unsightly thought for sure, but the ghastliness of Evvie’s surgery isn’t what made Cy estranged from me. Chip removal also isn’t as pressing as the present. “Are they pursuing us?” I ask, wondering what Crewe’s not telling me. 
“If they want to, they sure have viable lanes!” Crewe snaps at me. I decide now isn’t the time to bicker with him, so I draw back to my sister again. 
I take off the camouflage hunting jacket with which I was outfitted and secure it around my waist. Legs still pumping, I unzip the bulletproof vest and hand it to Evvie, who readily accepts it. She slows up even more as she looks down to fight with the zipper. I wish I could make her faster. I stuff the jacket into her hands too, leaving only the lightweight, running shirt that I wore out here before dawn covering my back. Evvie pulls the jacket on more easily, but she isn’t getting any faster.
Della lags behind too now, but she fights on for her survival. Somehow I don’t think the BOTs are interested in taking her out. They’ll go for Evvie first. I am important, as Crewe put it. She might be too.
Why? Why are they after us? Usually when I’m running out here like this, I’m doing it to clear my head. Tonight, I have to think on the run. I have to reason out why my chip was upgraded almost four years ago to a technology that’s not even known to exist today. 
I think about Judge Lera Sutton. There was a kindness that flashed through her every now and again. Surely government agents could have appointed one of their own to preside over and judge our case. They either appointed or threatened the nurse who blocked my view of my wrist while I was in the hospital after getting beaten and poisoned. Looking back, I don’t get the impression that Judge Sutton was one of theirs or was threatened by them. She had decided her verdict solitarily. 
That draws in more questions. If the BOTs didn’t interfere with my case, then they really didn’t care where Evvie was to go. If she was delivered to me, I would have been content. I would have had no reason to leave Miles. Maybe if she were dragged back to the orphanage they had a crooked, closed adoption plan ready. They would have successfully kept me tied to the county, searching for my sister for the next four years until she turned eighteen. 
Something doesn’t add up. With the microphone installed, I know they were listening to my conversation with Evvie about our mother. I know they were tracing my meanderings online. They watched me search for Tuli and Tigonee Braves, and another Loretta Harter, only to find nothing. They know that the empty results for the girls and articles about my mother that I’ve been able to view in the past would heighten my curiosity and fear. 
They must have also been watching the Davids brothers. They’ve allowed them to remove people from the county for years without any resistance. Have they been waiting for this? Have they allowed the seeksmen to carry out their job in hope that one day the Harter girls would be snatched? They didn’t take the seeksmen out this morning when they abducted me. I wonder if they watched approvingly as the car turned around and headed away from Sheridan and back toward Miles. 
They waited until I returned on scene, until I returned for my sister, to try to eliminate me. If I were truly the important one—they wouldn’t have shot at me. They have to be after Evvie. What threat could she bring? What could they possible want from my little sister? 
Right now they have their choice of using the global positioning engrained in Evvie’s chip, the infrared energy radiating from all of us, or satellite imaging in the moon’s glow to pinpoint us as we run for our lives. I estimate that we’ve made it about a mile from the circumference of the county, so we’re out of sniper range. However, the county could be sending a fighter jet or a chopper, revived from where I suspect they have lied dusty in storage. Ballistics or bombs fired overhead will easily annihilate all of us. A bulletproof vest won’t save anyone from the heavy artillery and explosives that they have at their disposal.
Are they toying with us? Why aren’t they acting? I wish they would get it over with. We are miles from Miles; there will be no mess to cover up so that their citizens don’t learn of the county’s transgression. Perhaps they’re waiting until we reach a hideout and meet the others to maximize the casualties. They could take out all the seeksmen with one blow. They could assist other counties in the region by taking out different clans of seeksmen who have been pilfering their people. It makes sense for Miles’ BOTs to act as soon as we’re unified with the others. I can’t help but reason that we’re sprinting toward our imminent deaths.



Several sturdy men stand armed outside of an extended van. Like us, they are dressed in mismatched hunting camouflage. Behind the men stands a concrete canopy with gasoline pumps and a stripped store house. I assume this plan B location is the station where Cy ‘hit the jackpot’ by acquiring loads of gasoline and oil for Sheridan. Today, this place has no glory. 
Crewe is already engaged in conversation with one of the men. I take him to be Merick, the leader of Sheridan’s militia. Cy files in, hunching over to rest. Evvie and I are only seconds behind. Once we arrive, the enemy of the county will be complete. I have no choice but to hope that I’m wrong. I pull my sister along to catch the end of Crewe’s distribution orders. 
“Fill them in on everything we know,” Crewe orders Cy. “We’ll meet you in Sheridan.” Crewe tosses the cell phone to Cy, who catches it with one hand and stuffs it into his pocket. “If there’s any trouble, you call me right away.” I’m aware of the pain in Crewe’s heart as he makes the call to part from his brother. 
“I know,” Cy snaps. He misses the opportunity for a truce with his brother. I wonder if the tension between them goes beyond the intensity of what we’ve been running from. 
Cy leads the handful of men in a continuation of his sprint. A moment passes, and they are gone. I wish he hadn’t avoided my eyes as I passed Evvie into his care in the forest. It would be too much to expect that I’ll see Cy again but I hope for it anyway. I don’t think the world could get along without his smile.
“Where are they going?” I demand, worried for their safety. Merick looks surprised by my nerve to challenge the plan. Maybe it is his plan and not Crewe’s. I don’t care if my question is perceived as disrespectful to this rough leader. He is nothing but a stranger to me. Why should I trust him? I wasn’t asking him anyway. I was asking Crewe, who has become less of a stranger in the day that has passed.
“Get in,” Crewe orders. He chooses not to enlighten me on the destination to where the team of soldiers runs. I’m about to protest again when Merick’s movement toward the van and Crewe’s glare convince me to do as I’ve been told and leave the rest alone.
I send Evvie in the van before me and glance back at Crewe for assurance that we’re going to be okay. His expression softens and apologizes for the glare he probably didn’t intend to discharge so harshly.
“Nothing until afterward,” he says, pointing to his wrist. Right. No talk of our plan or that of Cy and the others until after Evvie’s chip is removed.
“She’s all the way in the back,” says the grizzly leader in the driver’s seat. Evvie’s makeshift hospital bed is a folded-down bench seat. The rest of the van has been gutted and the seats reworked to fold down, like old theater seats did, from the side opposite the large sliding door. 
I fold down the only seat adjacent to the sliding door, but Merick in the driver seat tells me that it’s reserved for Della. Right, she’ll need to be closer to Evvie than I will. I shuffle over to the other side and pull down a seat one away from where my sister sits. Following my lead, Evvie stands and begins to fuss with the lever that will raise the backing of the bench seat to its upright position.
“No. Leave it,” I tell her. “Be brave, Ev.” I know that’s all I can say to her with our assailants listening.
Crewe helps the wheezing Della into the van. He silently communicates to her that the operation needs to be done in route. Her eyes bulge, but she nods and readies herself with a series of deep breaths. 
Crewe whips around to the twin hatch doors at the back of the van to lug in Galvesten and his baggage. Crewe seals up the back from the outside, hustles around, jumps lightly onto the van flooring, and slams the slider closed. He yanks down the last seat between me and another trooper.
In buckling alone, Crewe’s bulk jostles me back and forth. With the van in motion, I decide to creep a spot closer to my sister. Crewe notices, but takes no offense. He lifts his weapon from the floor and places it on his lap, resting his pointer finger just above the trigger.
Della is already elbow-deep in the contents of one of the bags that Galv lifted to her. She carefully lines a clean towel with a selection of surgical utensils. 
I stroke Evvie’s shin as Della lays her back and places a wet towel over her face. Evvie’s eyelids grow heavier and heavier and the creases in her forehead give way. I’m happy to take the burden of worry from her as she slips into unconsciousness. 
Although I’m concerned that she’s not completely under, I have to trust Galv and Della. We can’t waste any time. Della rubs alcohol along Evvie’s wrist while Galv tightly ties a band below her elbow. Although we are riding quickly and unsteadily, Galv’s hand is unwavering as he makes the incision. 
At first, there is little blood. That changes substantially after Della helps Galvesten switch his tool. He has to enter the radial artery to remove the tiny chip and the cilia-like sensors that protrude from it. Doing so requires some twisting and reentering of the tool. Warm blood begins to spill messily from Evvie’s wrist. My weak stomach begins to sicken from the compilation of the image and the worry it arouses.
I feel a gentle hand come to rest on my back. I turn to see Crewe has either been watching the beginnings of the surgery too, or has been watching me. “Here,” he whispers as he ushers my queasy head between my knees. “It’ll be okay.” He leaves his hand on my back for another moment. I close my eyes and nod, feeling the hand lift after I indicate that I’m composed. Crewe doesn’t push friendliness or familiarity with me. He knows some uncertainties about him will linger in me until this whole ordeal is resolved.
“Crewe,” Galvesten calls from my right. Crewe sets his gun on the floor and unbuckles. I keep my head lowered, knowing that what Crewe reaches for is the bloodstained chip that moments ago floated amid the swimming fluids in my sister’s artery. 
The driver stops the vehicle and turns off the headlights. The dark-haired, wiry young man sitting on my left unbuckles and opens the heavy slider. I peek to see Galvesten hand Crewe a magnifying glass just as Della redirects the portable, halogen light into my eyes. The driver anxiously turns to await Crewe’s examination of the chip.
He gently flips the miniscule chip in his palm and squints to investigate. My heartbeat grows irregular. I hold my breath. Crewe’s face drops. He looks to the apprehensive driver and releases a depressing, “Yes.” I know the unasked question he was answering. Yes, the county government has been able to listen to my little sister all of her life through the unmistakable microphone Crewe sees in her chip. 
Crewe runs from the vehicle. The driver’s palms smash the steering wheel. The man in the passenger seat exits the car while the one to my left drops his head in his hands. I’ve brought all of this on them: melancholy, rage, and fear. These weren’t the men who abducted me from my haven, but in just eighteen hours, these perfect strangers have been dragged into the disaster surrounding my sister and me.
“I’m sorry,” I offer to the man two seats away.
“It’s not your fault,” the driver answers for him. “It’s no one’s,” he adds, clarifying that the other troopers should not misappropriate this misfortune to Crewe’s leadership. 
“You must be Merick,” I say.
“I am,” he confirms. “And you must be Sydney Layton,” he says blandly as he reaches his hand back to shake mine. That’s right. I had forgotten that I gave Layton, not Harter, as my last name.
I unbuckle to shake Merick’s outstretched hand. His handshake is firm yet welcoming. He trusts me despite the fact that my sister and me could easily be viewed as spies with our ahead-of-our-time, microphone-infested chips. Yet I don’t trust him, or even the Davids brothers, enough to reveal my real name. I hope there won’t be hell to pay when I decide to tell them the truth. Hopefully, they can understand my reasoning.
“Jerus!” Merick yells out the passenger door that was left ajar. “Get back in here.”
“My name’s Decklin,” says the young man next to me, whose face was buried in his hands. “It’s nice to meet you,” he says absently. 
The heated man named Jerus returns to the van and slams the passenger door. “I didn’t give you an okay to get out of this van,” Merick scolds the man, not much younger than the leader himself.
“He needed to have cover,” he says, referring to Crewe. Now that darkness has eliminated one of our adversaries, satellite imaging, the BOTs have only thermal imaging and global positioning to rely on. It’s probable that a warm-blooded body darting away from the others with the signal of a chip belonging to Evvie might be believed to be her. Melting and discarding her chip is a more dangerous job than usual. 
“He can handle himself,” Merick scolds.
“Against BOTs?” Jerus returns.
“He is a trained seeksmen,” Merick holds firm.
“Who’s never seen resistance! He hasn’t been in combat like we have. He took off running in a straight line!”
“Our duty is to the people of Sheridan!” Merick yells, cutting through the van. Galvesten pauses his stitch job in the back. “We protect them, foremost. If the BOTs strike, it’s one more casualty we add if you’re disobeying orders to provide him with cover,” he says, making a mockery of Jerus’ point. “If there were ten of us providing him with cover then eleven would be dead if they wanted it that way. Now shut up and buckle up!”
Galvesten gets back to his stitching and I lift my seatbelt to buckle myself in again. Merick isn’t an improbable hero then. He’s real, calculative. He’s faced real combat, true warfare, in his life. He knows that on rare occasions men become heroes, but most of the time they die trying. 
“Model two, but with a mike.” Crewe shakes his head as he enters the tense vehicle. “Another first.” He pulls the door shut and buckles into his seat. The tires squeal, releasing some of Merick’s frustrations as we resume our travel.
“Nothing from Cy, right?” Crewe asks Merick, who carries the other cell phone.
“No. They should have arrived by now. They must not have met any hostility.” 
Or they were obliterated by it before they had the chance to call, I think silently. I wonder if anyone else has the same unspoken thought.  
“So what happened out there?” Merick asks Crewe in the review mirror. “When did the BOTs fire?”
“No sir, the gunfire was our own,” Crewe says to his feet, too embarrassed to look up. 
“What!” Merick shouts simultaneously while I think it. My heart sinks to my stomach and then rises up in fury.
“She moved from her post against the orders that were given. He wasn’t expecting it. He thought he saw movement toward her.  He panicked and fired.”
He. Cy. Cy shot at me! In his defense, his eyes deceived him. He thought he was protecting me. 
If Crewe or Galvesten had been the gunman, I might wonder if the shot was intentional. They would have the foresight, and thus the temptation, to end this ordeal and the potential for the casualty count to rise by killing me. One of them, Crewe especially, might have seen a quick solution, an alternative to endangering the lives of the seeksmen, or the whole town for that matter.
Cy could have never intended to harm me. The darkness to do it just doesn’t exist in him.
“You see what happens when you go against orders?” Merick shoots toward Jerus. I’m the one who takes his words to heart. “You’re lucky to be alive,” he says to me.
I am. Whether the bullets were from BOTs or the trigger of the person I was beginning to trust most, the terror was nothing less. In that moment of sheer panic, Crewe’s instinct was to throw himself over me to steal the bullets from the flesh they sought. Cy could not have lived with himself. Thank God his aim was awry. 
“Wait,” Decklin pipes in. “You’re saying we don’t even know if the BOTs are aware that she’s out? That either of them are out?” 
He’s right. The BOTs didn’t fire a single shot. I kept expecting heavier fire, but it never came. Now I understand why. Now I’m again uncertain who they’re really after.
“They know,” Crewe states. “Gunfire sounded, and in the panic we’re sure to have been caught on surveillance. You know they’ve reviewed it by now. I’m sure they were tracing her chip long before we made it to the station, likely all day.”
“Then why wouldn’t they fire?” Jerus questions, his temper enflaming from before.
“They mean something to Miles,” Crewe says, looking at my unconscious sister and me.
“Give me a hand with her, will you?” Galv unsteadily steps over Evvie and Crewe unbuckles to come to his aid. Galv lifts Evvie’s legs while Crewe takes her back. She looks like a rag doll as her unsupported head hangs. This image of my tattered sister, of whom I’ve strived to take good care, overwhelms me. My throat burns and my eyes well knowing that I couldn’t keep her safe even for a day. 
Della pulls the lever and I snap out of it in time to help her raise the seat backing. I use my shoulder to discreetly wipe a stray tear from my cheek. The men gently place Evvie’s limp body on her side across the seat. Galvesten fusses to bend her knees while Crewe takes care to buckle a seatbelt across her lap.
I return to my seat at Evvie’s feet. This time Crewe shuffles down one place to sit at my side, making room for Galvesten to sit between him and Decklin.
“You didn’t know any better when you ran,” Crewe quietly consoles me, misconstruing my sorrow for the danger I’ve brought to them. “And my brother didn’t know any better when he shot.”
“I don’t mean any disrespect,” I tell him, “but you, your brother, and your town are the lesser of my cares. For fourteen straight years my sole purpose in this world has been her,” I say as I lay my hand on Evvie’s ankle. I lift her outside foot and unzip the little plastic zippers on the insides of both of her cutting-edge shoes. Her feet are sopping wet and are probably keeping her chilled. “I just never thought I would fail so quickly.”
Crewe seems equally sympathetic toward an older sibling looking out for a younger one and angered by my lack of guilt as his family, friends, and uninformed town live minute by minute under the observation of Miles County’s black-operations teams.
After a pause, he looks forward and plainly says, “We may make it through this yet.”
The last sounds heard in the cab as we travel to Sheridan are Della’s utensils clanking as she heaps them back into the bag. When she’s finished, she carefully lifts Evvie’s bandaged wrist onto a package of instant ice in her lap. Della lovingly strokes Evvie’s hand and fingers. I don’t begrudge her this. Instead, I send a smile as thanks.



“Alright, everybody stand guard. We’re closing in,” Merick announces after what seems like an eternity of stubborn silence.
“Hey. Any company on radar?” Crewe asks someone on the other end of his call. Merick must have passed the cellular phone back to him sometime in transit. “Alright. We’re clear,” he tells the whole troupe as he ends the call. Apparently, this means it’s time to bail. Even Della is unbuckled with the handles of her bags in her hands before I understand that we’re leaving the van.
Out of nowhere in this darkness a distant, dilapidated homestead appears. Merick and Jerus depart from the van first. Crewe slides open the door and is next to jump out. Decklin follows, and offers a hand to Della as she dismounts from the high base of the vehicle. I unbuckle and grab the gun I’ve been issued. I hesitate to exit until I see who plans to carry the still unconscious Evvie.
Crewe opens the back door and grabs some provisions. 
“It’s you,” Merick says to Crewe as he comes back around to the side of the van. 
“I know,” he says, lifting the materials he’s already gathered for the job. The way he readies his gun tells me he is not going to be helping with Evvie. He has another job to do. 
“Jerus and I will be close with the girl,” Merick tells Crewe, nodding for him to go ahead. I’m dissatisfied with these rough strangers handling my sister, but I’m out of jurisdiction here. I had weight to pull with Crewe being that he was responsible for abducting me, but I am completely subordinate to these veterans. The two approach the slider and indicate for Galvesten and me to lift Evvie to them. I take her legs, and together we jostle her into the arms of strangers.
“Sydney, you’re Crewe’s cover,” Merick tells me. “Catch up.” Crewe is a few paces ahead, walking tall with a flashlight to lead his way. Shouldn’t I know something about where we’re going or which direction gunfire might be coming from if I’m to be his cover?
The muzzle of my gun sweeps the dense, waist-high grasses of the field that surrounds us, and the shadowy trees that line the property.  Crewe glances over his shoulder and doesn’t attempt to hide the shaking of his head that follows. I wonder if he’s irritated that Merick has sent one of the worst weapon handlers, a girl known to disregard orders, to watch his back or if he’s upset that they’ve sent me because he still feels a need to repay me for my untimely kidnapping. 
I already consider that score even. He fronted the line when we returned to Miles to watch for Evvie, and he hurled himself over me when bullets flew from his brother’s rifle. Crewe doesn’t owe me anything now. His debt has been repaid.
Crewe slides the large, horse-fooler latch of a small barn, painted red and white just like I’ve seen in pictures. Only this paint is faded and has chipped and peeled enough not to resemble the pictures I’ve seen at all, especially in the dark. 
Without worry, Crewe pulls the bulky door open. I’m not a step inside yet when something springs from the floor on our left. Crewe’s gun blasts in its direction. Della shrieks a distance behind us. I quickly pull my weapon back to eye level and stare down the barrel.
“Easy,” Crewe says, as he pushes my barrel toward the ground. A furry mammal lays dead in the dirt and sparse hay. “Misfire. We’re clear,” he yells behind to the others.
“Did you know?” I ask. Crewe shakes his head no and releases a guilty smile. Oddly enough, the startle may have actually relaxed him a bit. He picks the creature up by its legs. “What is it?” I ask.
“Badger,” Crewe responds, talking more to the men who arrive in the doorway. He takes a step outside and hurls the corpse. “Must have been rabid the way it came at us.” He looks to me for assurance that his secret is safe. The badger was probably moving away from us in fear. I don’t lament its loss. I’m glad Crewe is on edge enough to fire at anything that moves. It could have easily been something else. 
“You’ve never seen one before, Sydney?” Decklin asks me. This must amuse him and the others. They’ve lived among wildlife for many years. The only creatures I know of are commonly domesticated pets, little birds and rodents that cross the barrier, a few larger mammals that I’ve experienced first hand during my outings, some fearsome predators that I can’t forget from the zoo in Sector Five, and the animals from which county citizens’ staple diet is derived. 
Sheridan probably has farms, but I suppose out here the seeksmen can’t be as selective about their meats. They’ve probably encountered scores of species in the hunt for food. I would have liked to take a better look at the badger had Crewe not already hurled away the evidence and had this not continued to be a life and death trip from Miles to Sheridan. 
“Tell Galv to lock up,” Crewe passes to Decklin. “Wait here,” he tells me. Merick and Jerus gently lay Evvie on the ground. I wonder how much longer she will be out. I need to be by her side when she wakes in case her memory lapses like mine did. I need to assure her that everything is going to be okay.
Della and Galvesten make it inside, and Galvesten locks the hinge on the inside of the barn door. Crewe returns with a large cardboard box that he plops behind me. A few more paces through the barn, he begins to lightly stomp on the surface of the ground. I hear the hallowed thud for which he was searching. We are going below ground. 
Crewe uses his feet to brush aside the stray hay that covers a wooden doorway. The handle is tiny, much too delicate for the force Crewe renders in order to lift the heavy door. He carefully sets the flashlight on the ground, directing its glow onto a few stairs that are revealed below the opening. Crewe abandons the flashlight where it lays and returns to the huddle around Evvie’s still body.
“How many do we have?” Galvesten asks, kicking the cardboard box.
“Seven. It’ll be fine,” Crewe answers readily. It doesn’t take me long to count that there were eight of us in the van. Whatever is in that box is something that one of us is going to have to go without. He digs through the box and begins throwing what appear to be wetsuits at each of our feet. 
There’s a tiny, manmade lake attached to the amusement park in Sector Three in Miles County. This is another reason why I’ve been more fortunate to live in Miles County rather than any other. Some of the other counties contained part of a natural lake, but they were filled in so that the underground line of the electric barrier could be buried and to create more land for businesses and residential apartments. I’m sure Miles’ lake will be removed one day soon.
Our grandma took us there to see a water show when Evvie and I were little. I remember I was impressed by and jealous of the young girls whose waterskiing team provided entertainment before the semi-professional competition began. They were dressed in colorful, matching suits like the ones on the floor before me now as they pushed and pulled each other to climb into a floating pyramid as they skied. 
“Leave it,” Crewe orders as I bend down to pick up the suit. “Alright, listen up,” he continues, although we are already silent. Crewe appears to be much more the leader of this operation than Merick does. “Your body heat will warm the suits quickly. We want to be under the sheet before they do.”
It seems as if the purpose of wearing the suits is to make our infrared energy suddenly disappear so that we can rest safely. The BOTs can trace our heat signatures from Miles to this barn, but they will not know where to go from here. Hopefully, they’ll assume we are hiding somewhere other than right under their noses.
I notice everyone but Della and myself begin to strip off their hunting camouflage and vests. I don’t hesitate to follow the others. I’m not too bashful in my spandex and running top. I might have been, had I not known that Crewe has seen me this way tons of times before. I also don’t want to stand out as the girl in the troupe as the others unconscientiously strip down to their underwear. Della makes the mistake of letting embarrassment get the best of her, and in her hesitation she winds up bringing more attention to herself. 
“Evvie’s suit goes on last,” Crewe directs. “Sydney, Merick, and Jerus—you’re on that.”
“We’re carrying her down standing, with her arms around our shoulders,” Merick instructs Jerus. “They’ll know a horizontal body to be her.”
“Galv, you’re leading,” Crewe carries on. “Keep your suit on to bring the others’ up once they’re under. The others should be arriving soon.” Crewe takes a moment to look each of us in the eye to receive a nod of acknowledgement that we know our duty and are ready. I’m to put on the suit at my feet as quickly as I can, help wriggle Evvie’s rubbery limbs into her suit, follow Galv down the underground stairs, and return the suit to him to carry back up. I nod confidently.
“Let’s go,” Crewe claps.
I’m glad for the neon-yellow patches of my suit that are sufficiently visible in the dark. The suit is much too big for me, but I suppose that will help the neoprene mask my body heat longer. Together, Merick, Jerus, and I slide the gaping suit over Evvie, who is dressed in the running gear I had laid out for her two nights ago. Our world has changed so much in that short time. 
Merick instructs me to go under while he and Jerus hoist Evvie into an upright position. The shadows from the trio behind me play tricks on my eyes as I attempt to descend the stairs. I miss my footing and fall into a curved, brick cellar. My left knee takes the brunt of the fall. It stabs with pain, but only for a few moments. 
Faintly, I can see crouched bodies removing their suits. The space is tight already. I don’t know how we’re going to fit Cy and the others when they arrive.
I take charge in unzipping and peeling off Evvie’s suit while the men hold her upright. I’m afraid it’s too chill down here for her not to have some kind of cover besides her gear. Then I remember the idea is for us to be lowering our body temperature to expel less infrared energy. The colder she is—the better.
I slop out of my suit, allowing myself a second to rub my swelling knee. I collect Evvie from the veterans so they can heap their suits onto Galvesten’s arms.
Wire arcs into a canopy overhead. It is uncomfortable to lean against, but there isn’t enough room to be away from it. I pull Evvie into my lap. I’m glad she’ll continue to rest comfortably. 
“It won’t be long now,” Della says, noticing Evvie’s grumblings as I move her. 
“What is this?” I ask Merick, standing across from me. Galvesten returns down the stairs with our clothing. 
“This is an old wine cellar,” he says as he pulls on his trousers. I pull on my jacket, but decide to use the pants to blanket Evvie and myself. The bulletproof vest isn’t going to do me any good to wear. If we’re fired upon down here, it won’t be by bullets. It’ll be bombs, which this puny vest can’t protect against. 
“What about the canopy?” I ask. Crewe closes the hatch overhead, leaving us in complete darkness.
“We constructed it. The clear sheets you saw are acetate. A few feet from the hatch we’ve laid thick, glass panes over our heads. Both block penetration of the thermal imaging systems the BOTs use. It makes target acquisition pretty tough.”
I’m glad Merick is here. He’s an intelligent soldier who, unlike the Davids brothers, has been in combat and handles himself with composure. He makes me feel safe, even calm.
Something itches on my left knee, the one I fell on. When I scratch it, I feel a plethora of warm, wet blood that caused the sensation.
“Della,” I call, alerted. “I think I’m bleeding.”
“Where?”
“My knee.” The impact must have caused the skin to split open when I fell down the stairs.
“Bad?” Galv asks.
“There’s a lot of blood,” I decide. My hand is covered with it.
“I’ll go up,” Galv announces. I hear some fussing and assume he’s getting back into his neoprene suit that’s only been cooling for a minute. He thuds up the stairs and knocks for help with opening the cumbersome cellar door.
“Has Cy called yet? I need my bags and the light,” we hear Galv tell Crewe.
“No. What’s going on?”
“Sydney fell down the steps. She might need a few stitches.”
“Jeez, yeah,” Crewe groans. The bright light attacks our eyes as he hands it over. Galv passes the light to Della while he waits for Crewe to retrieve his bags just inside the barn door.
“It’s not me! It’s Evvie!” I shout when the beam of light reveals that the blood I felt on my knee was only a portion of what’s been steadily streaming from Evvie’s wrist. Galv rushes down the creaking stairs with the bag and squats down. The bodies in the tight tunnel shuffle around to allow Della to get in closer as well. Galvesten unwraps Evvie's wrist, putting pressure on the vein while Della unzips that pesky bag.
“The seal must have broken open while they carried her down.” Della’s right. The men held her contorted arms against their shoulders to make her limp body upright like the rest of ours. Her wrist probably opened up then.
Galvesten hurriedly disinfects a small, slightly curved needle. I’m surprised he bothers with this precaution, being that Evvie was the last person the needle was used on, and he and Della don’t seem to follow much for medical protocol. Galvesten soundly threads a synthetic line and snips a length with some kind of surgical scissors. This time I watch as he pokes the needle through the skin close to where Della is now holding.
“Keep pressure,” he tells her. “Let’s give it another minute to clot.”
Evvie’s head stirs in my lap. I lament that she could possibly be feeling all of this. Trained to do so, Decklin lowers his head to his feet as he sits cross-legged to the left of the little pool of blood. Galv presses the needle through the skin again. This time, I drop my head back and look up at the acetate and wire concoction above. It’s still too much for me as Evvie squirms in my lap, fighting to regain consciousness and confront her torturer. I close my eyes and breathe deeply. 
A moment later I feel a wet cloth and long fingernails wipe the residual blood from my leg. I start to look down, but Della stops me. “Not yet, honey. We’ve still got to wrap it. You just sit tight.” They don’t need another hyperventilation scare from me. 
The cell phone rings above. “Good. We’re clear in here too,” Crewe says. That has to be Cy on the phone. It turns out they weren’t obliterated. They’re perfectly well. I’ll get to see Cy again after all. “Galv, about done with the light?” he calls down.
“I’m coming up,” Galvesten answers.
“Are you still in the suit?” Crewe asks. “Better change it,” he says as he throws down a fresh one. With Galvesten’s doctoral adrenaline heightened, the suit is likely to match his body temperature by now. Della zips up the bag while Galv unzips his suit and squirms into the new one. I scoot Evvie closer into my lap to make room for the new arrivals at the barn door. 



Sharp pings of light aggravate my eyes as more pairs of feet find the stairway leading to the wine cellar. I avert my eyes from the light and the men as they strip off their neoprene suits and get back into their camouflage. 
The combination of light, thumping feet, and chatter stirs Evvie awake in my lap. 
“Hey little sis,” I welcome her. “Are you feeling okay?”
“Where are we?” she wonders as she blinks her eyes clear of tears and sits up to observe her surroundings.
“We’re somewhere safe for the night,” I assure her, not sure whether that’s true myself.
“Where are we going?” she asks. I know all the questions that saturate her mind right now. Evvie leans in close and whispers, “Who are all of these—?”
“Not tonight, Ev. I’ll answer all of your questions in the morning. Right now, I just want you to sleep,” I tell her.
“What if I can’t?” she protests, looking for an excuse to gain her sought after answers. She’ll have endlessly more questions with each question that she has answered. I don’t even know a fraction of everything that I want to know yet.
“You’re going to try. We all need our rest, Evvie,” I say, acknowledging the room full of burdened soldiers in hunting gear.
“Hi, Evvie,” the good-natured, young man says as he holds out his hand to my sister. She doesn’t hesitate to take it. “I’m Cy,” he says as he smiles and shakes my sister’s hand. I wonder if Cy is just too friendly to resist welcoming a newcomer, or if he was eavesdropping on our conversation and has decided to help me out by providing just a little comfort to my troubled sister. He certainly owes me this assistance, after nearly killing me when he shot at me in the forest just hours ago.
“And I’m Della, the nurse,” she smiles from across from us. “You let me know if that wrist or anything else bothers you okay, sweet pea?” Evvie nods and I smile a thank you to Della again. Evvie should have enough security to rest her head for the night.
Cy runs the suits back up to Crewe. The brothers exchange a few hushed and hurried words. When Cy’s feet contact the cement landing, the flashlight is turned away and the hatch closed. In the pitch black, I hear Cy taking off the last suit. This one must remain in the cellar for later use.
“So Deck, ya got one for us?” I recognize the inquirer’s voice to be Cy’s as he settles into a space.
“Sure do,” Decklin replies from my left. “Dear Lord,” he says with tranquility before I have time to realize what is happening. There is a bit of rustling as everyone searches for one another’s hands. Decklin grasps my left hand and in the darkness I reach for Evvie, who sits between my outstretched legs. When I find her hand, I squeeze it tightly. I wonder who holds her other hand, and how comfortable she is praying with strangers like this. It’s not something we’re used to. 
“We thank you for keeping all of us safe today, and for bringing Sydney and Evvie Layton to us.” I had forgotten that I had given Crewe a false last name. No wonder Evvie couldn’t be viewed by the techie that Merick had working on tracing her. Maybe she was never blocked at all. I regret not telling them the truth now. Tracking Evvie could have saved us from a lot of unknowns earlier. 
I feel Evvie turning toward me in confusion so I give her hand a few squeezes to quiet her distress. I hope she doesn’t worry with distrust of these people since by lying about who we are I’ve made it clear that I’m not one hundred percent sure of them. It’s a precaution I might as well carry on with until I see Sheridan for myself. Then I can decide if it’s safe to reveal the truth.
“We pray for your protection over us and the members of our town tonight and as we travel back home tomorrow.” 
Home. I haven’t had a home for six long years. Even then it was in such turmoil around my mother’s sanity swings and my struggle to keep up with my responsibilities that it never really felt the way that a home should. Home is how things felt before my dad died, I think. The truth is—I can’t really remember that far back. I can’t remember him or what my mother was like before he died. I like to believe that it was stable, secure, and peaceful. Homey. 
“Amen,” the voices resonate against the brick walls and acetate-covered ceiling.
“Sleep well, everyone,” someone across from me wishes. I rarely sleep soundly after a mundane day, so I expect tonight to be extremely restless. 
A few people shuffle around on my right and I find I have a new neighbor for the night. “Hey,” Cy whispers. “Sydney, I’m really sorry about… out there.”
“You mean when you tried to shoot me?” I tease, but in the dark, Cy can’t see my smile. “It’s okay,” I say. “Just don’t ever do it again.”
“I’ll try not to,” he laughs. I couldn’t hold a grudge toward Cy about it if I wanted to. Anyway, it was more my bad judgment to move against orders than it was for him, in the heat of the moment, to shoot at an awry movement.
“I’m going to switch watch with Crewe in a few hours, and I need some information from your sister before then.” My eye roll is invisible in the dark, but my exasperated sigh is not. I know Cy needs information for all of our sakes, but I don’t want Evvie’s head to start spinning so quickly that it can’t be calmed. “Sorry,” Cy murmurs.
“What do you need to know?” Evvie asks. I hope she knows better than to leak our true identities. I want those kept hidden just a little longer.
“What did you do today?” Cy begins.
“Nothing special,” she answers simply. She’s either being way too cautious, or she thinks this is just a casual getting to know you conversation.
“Evvie, he needs to know every detail of your day, so let’s hear it,” I encourage, trying to convey that it is okay to do so, should she be being vague to protect us.
“I got up at 8:45. I had breakfast. I read something.”
“Online?” Cy interjects. I feel Evvie secretly tap my leg.
“The note,” I answer for her. “She read my note.”
“Then what?” Cy asks. “Did you destroy it?” I lifted Crewe and Cy’s faith in our survival when I told them that she would know that she should destroy the note.
“Yes,” she answers, “but not until much later.” When a moment passes, Evvie realizes that she’s supposed to continue giving us a play-by-play of her day. She opens up a little more when she understands that most of the truth is fair ground. “I remembered that Sydney told me last night that she had to open for work at 9:30.”
Was that only last night? It seems like such a long time ago. I guess that can be attributed to waking up and then getting knocked back out a few times. Also, my world has changed so much since then. It’s surreal that it was only last night that Evvie and I reorganized my apartment in the transitions building—a place that had the potential to feel like a home for us.
“I did some hours on EduWeb, mostly math. Then I took a break for about an hour. During that time I ate lunch and watched a program that I ordered. Afterward, I worked on a science lab write-up on my tablet.” So her day was very typical. She must have thought I had already gone to work when she woke up.
“No more Olympics or anything else that might pertain to getting out?” I ask.
“No. Just school stuff. And the program was about the history of domesticated animals.” Evvie is my sister after all. Even after living closer to the hub of city life the last two years, both physically and socially with Merideth, she chose to watch a historical program rather than some mind-poisoning reality show.
“After the program, I made a video tour of the apartment to send to a few of my friends and my classmate cluster online. Merideth called after dinner to tell me that she saw my post, watched the video, is happy for me, blah, blah, blah. She asked if you were there,” my sister tells me. “She said she wanted to ask how the rest of your birthday went.”
More like she wanted to check in to make sure that I had baby-proofed the apartment for Evvie. I find myself tensing for a moment, but relax in awe when I realize that I’ll never have to prove myself to Merideth again.
“I told her you were at work,” Evvie continues. “I started to get worried around 7:00 because you weren’t home yet, and I figured you would have called or messaged if you had to work overtime or something. I started to panic a little.”
“Okay, be really thorough with the rest of the evening,” Cy tells Evvie. “Don’t leave out a single detail.”
“Well, first I just kind of paced and checked my tablet constantly. Then I burned the note. I thought about calling Tiana’s, the restaurant where Sydney works, but I didn’t. It was around 7:30 when I figured out that I could check the ceiling tile so I would know for sure whether you ever made it back after escaping.”
“Clever,” I sincerely whisper to my sister. “That’s where I hide my key when I go out,” I explain to Cy. He’s probably surprised that anyone still has a key on the inside, but except for the built-in media screens, no technology has been updated in the low-funded transitions building.
“Since it was there, I knew that you never came back,” Evvie’s voice cracks. I was so worried about getting her back that how alone and terrified she was never even crossed my mind. She probably thought I had gotten caught or, like her little finger man, had tripped into a grave of electrocution. 
“I thought maybe you had gotten caught, so I kept waiting for a phone call. Finally, when nighttime was around the corner and I still hadn’t heard from you, I started to think that maybe you had gotten hurt badly and were trapped out there. I started to search for anything that I thought could help get you back in, if you had broken your leg or something,” Evvie trails.
“Was your search inconspicuous?” Cy asks.
“Did you search carefully, thinking about the possibility that someone might have been watching what you were doing?” I clarify Cy’s question for my uncomprehending sister.
“Yeah, pretty carefully, I think,” she answers unconfidently. “I thought about going door to door to find those kids with the jumping rope and scooter.” Evvie had stayed outside and talked to the little boys when I went in to see if their foster mom would accept the fund transfer. Apparently she hadn’t caught the older boy telling me their apartment number. 
“Eventually, I just put on yesterday’s gear and went out to jump, even though I wasn’t sure about the timing.”
“Well, good. No calls and no evidence left behind. You did a good job, Evvie,” Cy tells her. “My brother will be glad to hear it.”
Finally, through my sister, the first piece of good news can be offered to Crewe. 
“Time to sleep?” I ask Cy.
“That should do it,” he answers. “Goodnight, Sydney. Goodnight, Evvie,” he wishes warmly.
I pull Evvie’s head against my chest and allow her to lean comfortably into me. “Goodnight, Cy,” I respond.
“Thanks for helping us,” my sister says. “Goodnight.”
When Evvie’s breathing grows heavy, I close my eyes and allow myself to fall asleep.



Even after an uneventful night’s stay in the wine cellar, we take precautions on the short drive into Sheridan. Merick gave the orders that he, Jerus, Galvesten, Della, and a female seeksman named Alix ride in the van, apart from Evvie and me. They are the indispensable members of the battalion sent to Miles. 
I hadn’t even noticed that Alix was female as she stood among the group outside of the van when we doggedly arrived at the station last night. Like me, she must not have distinguished herself from the others as she hurriedly slid off her neoprene ski suit. In the dim light the flashlight provided, and in my preoccupation with my sister waking, I had paid no attention to her or any of the other seeksmen that accompanied Cy.
This morning, Alix made herself known to me, though not by her intention. As soon as I took notice of her gender, I began to study her. She carries herself with more arrogance than some of the others, she swears profusely, and she spits periodically. I suspect that she can handle herself every bit as well as the men can. I also doubt that she takes the time to study her victims like Crewe and Cy do. I see her being more impulsive, not caring much whether the person has ties to a family inside.
 Aside from these five, Merick gave the orders that the rest of the seeksmen could choose either vehicle to ride in. Being that a small threat of danger still lingers with my sister and me this morning, all the seeksmen chose to squash into the van. All but two.
A smile erupted from both Crewe and I when Cy patted his brother on the back and called shotgun. I suspect Evvie and I will be forever linked to the Davids brothers. 
“So what happens next?” I ask either of the guys in the front seats. I’ve still put the blocker on Evvie asking questions until I have all of mine answered. Most of the questions that stir about in her head will be answered upon arrival in Sheridan anyhow. For now, I’ve given her the job to soak the remnants of water out of her shoes that didn’t dry in the cool cellar over night.
“A lot of things will be happening,” Cy answers. “How old are you, Evvie?”
“Fourteen,” my sister answers, pressing paper into the shoes.
“Well, you’ll have to get enrolled in school.”
“Not through EduWeb,” I assume out loud.
“Better. A traditional high school. We have, what, six teachers between the junior high and high school now?” Cy asks Crewe.
“I don’t know,” Crewe answers indifferently. “We’ll worry about school in a few days,” he tells us. “We’ll give you girls some time to get settled first.”
“What’s the normal procedure when you bring in new refugees?” I ask Crewe.
“Typically the first thing we do is introduce them to Merick, but you’ve already had that pleasure,” Crewe smirks. “Then a collection of people help ready a new living space, but that may be different for you girls as well.”
“Why?” I ask.
“The chip business. It’s still too bizarre. We want to keep a closer eye on both of you and provide you with protection for a while.”
I’m a little annoyed that I’m thought to need protection after having come so far and meeting no resistance, but I say nothing for the sake of my sister. I want Evvie to have all the protection that they offer until I know more. “So where will we stay?”
“Somewhere on the outskirts, but not as far out as the barn we stayed below last night.” Right, just in case the BOTs decide they want to blow us up. They wouldn’t want the rest of the town to be too near. 
“Are there jobs available?” I ask.
“Always,” Cy replies. “There are two more mouths to feed now so that means there is more work to be done.”
“What kind?” I ask.
“Well, I wouldn’t recommend you become a nurse,” Crewe jokes. “Although being close to the hospital might not be a bad idea.” The smile we share in the rearview mirror makes my cheeks flush. I continue to enjoy a private smile, thinking about being a nurse alongside Della. The lady is as sweet as pie, but I could not handle her all day. 
Cy answers my question seriously. “There are farmers, techies, teachers, waitresses—”
“I was a server in Miles,” I interrupt. 
“The laundromat,” Crewe reminds Cy.
“Oh right,” he agrees with his brother. “There’s a woman who runs the laundromat and she’s always behind.”
“I think a lot of it has to do with that kid,” Crewe shakes his head. Cy turns around to look at me, and begins to laugh, presumably at the thought of me being in this kid’s company. “We’ll set you up there,” Crewe decides. 
I wasn’t dead set on serving for the rest of my life, but I’m confused as to why the brothers ignored my inclination toward it. “Do people have much choice in their work?” I ask.
“Not like inside,” Crewe begins. “First of all, there are substantially less types of work. We’re a bit limited on resources since we haven’t established solid trade networks. We’re working on that, but we need a system of currency to import and export, and we obviously don’t have one that holds value. In fact, we don’t use a currency at all in our town. We just figure out what needs to be done and we do it for each other. It’s been working for now, but as we grow in numbers, we need to grow in capabilities.”
“So Sheridan is a commune,” I summarize.
“You should be a teacher,” Crewe grins in the review mirror again. 
“You should be a politician,” I return.
“Isn’t everybody?” he jests, causing both of us to laugh unhindered. Cy looks less than amused but Evvie smirks at me. I know the conversation would have her totally lost, so I attribute her grin to the happiness she’s seeing in me, and possibly the recognition that it’s a guy that’s causing it. I elbow her to hold her snickers, but doing so only makes her laughter more difficult to contain. She erupts with giggles in the back seat. 
Cy perks up and rolls down all of our windows with the press of a button on the center console. “It’s time for the parade,” he turns back to Evvie and me to say. We’ve reached the heart of the town. 
There is a tight assembly of shops on both sides of the street just ahead. The people of Sheridan stroll along Main Street. Cy unbuckles hastily and juts the upper half of his body out of the window.
“Two fifty-one!” he proclaims as he pumps his fist into the air. I think I’m seeing the happiest, most fun-loving Cy there could be. On the street, the walkers react with surprise and joy as they lift their hands to clap and cheer. Crewe unwillingly slows the car to a stop as the townspeople walk into the street to get a peek at the foreigners in the back of the car. 
Evvie and I politely say hello and shake their welcoming hands. In this moment, I think all the questions are erased from Evvie’s mind. She’s happy, excited even, and giggling at Cy’s antics like the average teenage schoolgirl. Seeing her this way couldn’t make me happier. It wasn’t long ago I thought I might lose her forever.
When it’s freed from the human obstructions, the car leisurely rolls around the corner at the end of Main Street and pulls into a sort of parking lot with spaces separated by lines of neon-orange paint.
“This is The Lot,” Cy says as he plays tour guide. “The overhang was actually a gas station, and these were the old pumps. We don’t pump fuel anymore, we pour it,” he says as he opens the car door for me. Crewe has already done the same for Evvie. “We’re a bit frugal with energy,” he continues. “You won’t find any solar panels or wind turbines, but we do have water wheels that generate hydroelectric energy. There’s one at the laundromat,” Cy points out.
 “How did Alix come to be a seeksman?” I ask, spoiling the mood. I noticed that according to Merick, she ranks higher than the David’s brothers. I want to know her story.
“You can give that up right now,” Crewe says as if he’s known my desire to become one all along. “You’re a sought-after woman. We’re not going to dangle you out there as bait.”
“What does that mean?” Evvie asks with worry.
“It’s not normal to have microphones like we did, Ev. We’re all trying to figure out why we had them.”
“Until we do, we’d like both of you to lay low,” Crewe tells her. Evvie nods understandingly. 
I imagine there isn’t much that will rattle my sister after yesterday evening. She had to find the courage to lift her head for air after hearing the ring of gunfire as she swam below the surface of the holding pond. She had to run for her life from Miles, the only place she’s ever known, with complete strangers. She had to allow them to sedate and operate on her to remove the piece of metal containing her identity and livelihood. My sister has been through just as much as any of us have in the last day, and she’s braver because of it. 
“You can count on my brother and me to be there to protect you,” Crewe assures Evvie.
The Davids brothers start walking toward the convenience store that was once a facet of the gas station. I don’t know why, but I expect the shelves to be stocked with oil and funnels like I’ve seen in pictures of these roadside stores, as well as magazines and donuts like the convenience stores in Miles contain. What we walk into doesn’t resemble my imaginings at all.
Upon opening the door, we see shelves and other spaces packed with everything imaginable. Half of the wall on our left supports towers of tires. The other half is lined with large barrels, probably containing gasoline. 
The guys swing right and we follow. There is just enough space between the rows of miscellaneous materials and the wall for our bodies to wriggle through. I tuck my elbows tightly into my body so I don’t knock anything off the shelves. I’m afraid setting off a single item could cause an avalanche of random debris.
“You girls look through the next row,” Crewe says as he and his brother turn into one. “Help yourselves to whatever.” He tosses us a mesh bag to share. He and Cy fill matching bags with various items from the shelves of their row. 
Evvie and I walk around the corner to a row filled with clothing. The items are neatly folded and stacked in columns according to size. We skip past the infant, toddler, child, and preteen columns. The next section of the shelf is simply labeled women, and then subdivided by sizes from extra small to double extra-large. 
As expected, Evvie is a lot pickier than I am as she sifts for things to match her fancy in the random compilation of clothing. I don’t expect she’ll find a single item that’s been in style within the last ten years, but she picks through diligently anyhow. By the time the brothers join us in the row, my patience with her has worn thin.
“Number one essential: toothbrushes,” Cy says as holds up a plastic stick with bristles on the end. None of the toiletries and other necessities that he digs for and holds up to show us are electronic and sleek like the ones we are used to. Evvie looks more mortified by this shopping spree than she did when she received the news that atypical doctors would be removing her chip in a moving van. What a county kid. 
“Why don’t you look around a bit and see if there’s anything else you need?” Cy suggests when he finishes his chipper inventory.
“What about showering stuff?” I ask.
“Oh! That’s all stocked at the shower station,” Cy returns. “We’ll all head there next.”
“Communal showers?” I ask a little uncomfortably.
“Less so for the girls,” he answers. “The women have tied up a bunch of old shower curtains to provide some privacy. The old plumbing lines run just fine through the homes for everything else,” Cy explains, turning on tour guide mode again. “Communal showers and laundry facilities are our two targets for reducing water and energy waste.”
“I’m sorry I have to ask this,” Crewe cuts in awkwardly, “but do you or your sister have any kind of hormone implants?”
“You mean birth control?” I ask. Crewe nods nervously, either embarrassed by the subject matter or worried that we may have missed something implanted into one of us that could contain global-positioning software or another microphone.
“No,” I relieve him.
“Good,” he sighs. “Sorry, I was just thinking about,” he pauses, searching for the words that will embarrass him the least, “female needs, or whatever, while we’re here, you know,” he says, lifting one of the bags they have stocked for us. 
“Did you know that infertility risk is no longer a consideration when the FDA approves drugs and processes?” Cy saves his brother.
“Another government-sanctioned scheme,” Crewe adds.
“In other regions of the nation, new chips contain a chemical meant to destroy reproductive potential,” Cy continues. “It’s released by computer remote in accordance with a man or woman’s parenting account.” 
“I suppose that’s less costly than the mandatory implant or operation parenting twice,” I say. 
“That’s exactly how the government sold the idea. Less taxes and more convenience.” I have a feeling Crewe is going to tell me something more that I don’t want to hear. “What the citizens don’t know is that the chemical leaks, slowly reducing reproductive potential beginning at birth when the chips are implanted. The government can also remote abort certain pregnancies. 
“What kind of pregnancies?” I ask. The question is written all over Evvie’s face too.
“Twins, children with birth defects, or any person’s child that they simply don’t want to exist.”
“Not children with diseases though,” Cy adds. “If their life is likely to end prematurely, well, the government welcomes that because the years they did live will go onto someone’s account.”
There isn’t a lot that’s going to surprise me anymore, but I wish all of this hadn’t just been dumped on my little sister. I do want her to understand the evils that we’ve escaped, just maybe not the details and not all at once. 
“Speaking of the matter,” I change the subject, “where can we find the things we need since we don’t have the implants?” I wrap my arm around Evvie and playfully tug on the neon-green, feather-pattern streak in her hair. Not long getting used to this aspect of maturity, Evvie is mortified by my inclusion of her in my question. She must not have understood too much of the prior conversation because this frivolous matter would pale in comparison to what Crewe described. She would be too horrified to care about me embarrassing her.
“Back in the row where we just were,” Crewe answers. I see I’m wrong to assume that Evvie didn’t understand what we were talking about based solely on her expression of embarrassment, because Crewe was the one informing us, and he stands in front of us far more uncomfortable to answer my question than Evvie was to hear it. 
I wonder if the brothers drew straws to see who would ask us about our needs when they spotted the feminine products. “Here,” Crewe says as he awkwardly passes the bag to me, as if it’s already contaminated by girl cooties. 
Evvie punches me as we round the corner, releasing an unexpected bout of laughter. Somehow, the overall seriousness that has defined my life thus far has been gently lifted so that even when I’m surrounded by danger and deceit, I can find silly things to laugh about.



“Hey. Can we chat?” Cy asks me as he pushes himself off the brick wall outside of the shower commune. His serious demeanor causes me déjà vu to when Crewe made a similar request yesterday during target practice at the safe house. 
“Yeah. Sure,” I answer, concern growing in me. “We need towels,” I tell Crewe, who still leans against the wall where he was waiting with his brother for Evvie and me to finish up. 
My sister and I had secured new clothing that suffices, and were able to rinse our gear some before the timer on the shower ran out, but we didn’t have anything to dry ourselves off with, or wrap our wet clothes in. We took turns using a pair of jeans to towel off. 
The brothers must have fashioned something similar, or perhaps they always have a towel and a fresh set of clothes set aside in the showering station. I didn’t see either of them grab clothing for themselves from the storehouse where we got our necessities, but now they each wear blue jeans and clean, crisp tees.  
“Oh, sorry,” Crewe says. “Evvie, will you join me to pick out a couple of towels?” Crewe doesn’t ask my permission to leave with my sister, and I try to mask my unease about separating from her. This is the first time I have to trust a Sheridan with Evvie’s care without the immediacy of my presence. Distrust still lingers in me, much because I can never be confident that anyone can take better care of my sister than I can. But Crewe is not just anyone among the Sheridans, or seeksman even. He’s the one who dove to protect me as the bullets whizzed by. I need to trust him. I need to believe that he would protect Evvie with his life if it came to that.
He is already walking back toward the parking area and storehouse by the time I decide it’s okay with me for her to go. Evvie doesn’t ask my permission either, or put any kind of weight to the moment, as she skips away at Crewe’s side, asking him questions.
“What’s going on?” I ask Cy as I wring cold water from my wet, wavy hair. Cy watches as I squeeze and comb my hair with my fingers. He’s been watching me for years, but I suppose he’s never seen me fresh and clean or wearing jeans with my hair down. I usually only let it down at bedtime. Another few minutes to air dry and I’ll be out of patience with it and putting it up.
“Crewe and I were talking,” Cy starts, finding my eyes. “We were thinking a different plan might be safer for tonight.”
“Like what?” I ask Cy. Maybe I’m too preoccupied with untangling my hair, because I’m lost in the conversation already. Had we already discussed and determined a plan for tonight? There have been so many pressing plans made in such a short time span, that it’s becoming hard to keep track of what we have talked about.
“It’s not smart for us to be on the outskirts of town tonight. Crewe realized that’ll be a red flag that we are the ones they’re hunting. We don’t think the BOTs know any one residence from another here, but just to be safe, we want to avoid our place too.”
“That makes sense.” I have no objection so far, but I have a premonition that there are more stipulations to come that I may be unhappy with. Why else would he have asked to talk, not before removing Evvie from the scene, rather than just doing so? 
“So where will we go?” I ask him. He scratches at his damp locks, beginning to resemble the light, shiny color the sun has bleached his hair to be. 
“That’s the other thing. Crewe thinks we should split up.” There’s the key. The sweeter, younger brother was sent to convey Crewe’s intention. I suppose Crewe hopes that I would be more trusting and open to the idea coming from his friendly and widely loved brother. “We don’t have to split up entirely, but we don’t want the two of you or the two of us to be together. The four of us can’t stay together. You see the reason in that, right?”
“Yeah,” I admit. At this point, I don’t believe that Miles has been keeping a close eye on my sister and me, or the seeksmen that wade their woods now and then. Something would have happened if they were. It’s better to error on the side of assuming they have been watching.  “How do you suggest we split?” I ask Cy, really asking him to reveal what Crewe has already decided.
“You’ll be with Crewe and I’ll be with Evvie. It makes the most sense because my brother outranks me, so he should be protecting the one who had the more advanced and puzzling chip.”
“Both of our chips had microphones. What makes mine more puzzling?” I argue. Again, I’d rather assume that Evvie is the important one. I’d rather my sister be protected by the best seeksmen, not the one who accidentally almost killed me.
“Yours was switched out a few years back. Hers wasn’t. They made sure you had the most powerful microphone, technology that’s still not instituted today.”
“Maybe it was simply circumstantial. I was hurt. They had an opportunity with me that they didn’t have with Evvie,” I reason. 
“If they wanted Evvie’s chip updated, they would have found a way to do it.” 
Clearly denying his evaluation isn’t going to be enough. “Look Cy, your brother’s decision is only logical if you’re looking at the situation from his viewpoint, which I’ll bet is the only one he took into consideration. Whoever is most qualified should be the one protecting my little sister. That’s the way I see it, no offense to you. I can handle myself.” 
“I see your point, but you should know that my brother considers a lot more than himself when making decisions. Splitting the way he’s decided is the best plan for the sake of the whole town, which he always considers foremost.”
I fear Crewe Davids and I will always be in a stalemate then. To him, protecting me safeguards the town. If they’re after me, whether to kill or capture, he needs to be there to prevent or control the backlash on Sheridan’s inhabitants. I guess I’ll have to try to respect that.
“We want you and Evvie to be a bit lost in the crowd today. Crewe is going to make a call to the school. Soon, all the students and faculty in the upper school will disperse around the inside and outside of the building for about fifteen minutes. Individuals will be told to wander home or to the hospital a block away.” 
“The area around the school and hospital are where most homes in Sheridan are located. It’s about a mile east of here. You and Evvie will have a good little tour of that half of Sheridan while you’re wandering. Before the fifteen minutes are up, all four of us should be settled somewhere. I’m not sure what Crewe has planned for him and Evvie, but you and I will meet in the hospital.”
Cy has just fired a lot of information at me. My head is spinning. “I’m confused. I thought you said I will be with Crewe and you will be with Evvie.” Maybe Cy has already decided that he’s going to talk his brother into the best arrangement from my viewpoint.
“Oh, sorry. I will be with her tonight. We decided we should have the opposite companions for the day, to add extra mystery to our whereabouts,” he shrugs. “Plus, I need you for some data hunting.”
I’m quite ready for these precautions to end so I can get settled with my sister, and each of us can begin to see what Sheridan is like. 
“We’ve got to figure out why you both had the chips that you did,” Crewe says from behind me. I hadn’t seen him and my sister round the corner to rejoin us. “That’s the top priority before school, jobs, and whatever else we need to do to get you both acclimated—”
“And assimilated,” Cy finishes their coined phrase. A data hunt. I can already tell the hunt will be fruitless. I have no idea why my sister and I were miked. 
“Does the plan sound okay to you?” Crewe asks me. Nothing seems amiss with the plan, other than my difficulty with protecting the entire town over my sister, but I understand that I have to let that go. 
“Yeah. Fine.”
“Alright. There are five places to eat in town,” Crewe says. “The school mess hall, the hospital cafeteria, two restaurants here on Main Street, or your own home, which you girls don’t have yet. I think we should meet back up for lunch around noon, to put all of our minds at ease. We probably shouldn’t sit together, but we can find a way to communicate a little if we need to.”
“Evvie, will you be okay hanging out with Crewe for a while?” I ask her. “It’s only a few hours until lunchtime.”
“Yeah, the plan is fine with me,” she shrugs, aggravated by my protectiveness. She doesn’t want me treating her like a little kid, especially in front of these independent men. Her indifference and automatic trust don’t make it easier for me to give her away, but I know that I can. My sister has learned to adapt and take each new situation in stride. She’ll be fine without me today.
“Let’s meet at the hospital cafeteria for lunch,” Crewe tells his brother. “Evvie doesn’t want to officially meet the school kids yet and it’s probably not a bad idea to have Della check out her wrist sometime today.”
“I was thinking the same thing,” says Cy.
“I don’t want you to leave his side, Evvie,” I have to say, although I know it will further irritate my sister. “And the same goes for you,” I tell Crewe. As I anticipated, I get an eye roll from her. Crewe responds with a sarcastically chivalrous ‘yes ma’am’. Beyond Evvie’s notice, he and I exchange another serious understanding like we did yesterday. You can trust me. We’re in this together, his eyes say.
Yet I don’t think it’s of happenstance that Crewe and Evvie get a start toward the school before Cy and me. They’re never more than a block ahead, and I can see them the whole walk to the school. I see my sister looking up at Crewe, nodding when he’s answering her questions seriously, and giggling when he adds a flavorful twist or teases her for being too weak to lug along one of the stuffed bags to his two. Crewe has a comedic side just like his brother. He has just been under more pressure, preventing it from shining through.
“Sydney?” Cy awakens me from my trance fixed on the two ahead. “Would it be okay if I ask you a little about your history?” I don’t look forward to divulging my life’s struggle to Cy, but I understand that we are heading toward some corner of the hospital where Cy and his mentor retrieve data from inside the counties. I am aware that they will have to know my past to have direction in their research.
“Sure, Cy,” I answer him. “Under one condition—don’t smother me with sympathy.”
I expect him to laugh or joke, but instead he answers matter-of-factly, “I can handle that.” I realize that I know nothing about Cy’s story. I don’t know how he and his brother came to be orphans in Miles. I hope it’s not the case, but maybe the Davids suffered as painful of a childhood as I did. 
“I can’t remember what my life was like before my dad died, but I think it was pretty normal. Afterward my mom went—”
“Wait. Hold on!” Cy interrupts, chuckling a little. “Listen, Sydney. I’ve gathered that it’s not going to be a picturesque story, and I understand that it might be difficult to tell, but if you want it to be helpful to us you’re going to have to plug in at least some details for me,” he teases. 
Every detail of Evvie’s recollection of her day was important after we got her out and, likewise, every detail is going to be important when trying to figure out what we mean to the county. I nod to acknowledge that I will be more specific. I’ve rehearsed this for the court case to win my sister back. Now I’ll relay it to Cy to keep the both of us safe. 
“How about we start with what your dad did for a living, how he died, and how old you were at the time.”
I know how old I was when my dad died. I know that quite precisely. I was three and two-thirds. The other questions I have vague answers to largely due to how young I was when I lost him. When I was older, I asked my grandma about him and his death. My sweet grandmother spent her time telling me about my daddy’s soul and how he looks down on me and watches out for me. She chose not to elaborate on things that I wouldn’t have been able to understand.
After Grandma was gone, I tried several times to ask my mother about my father when she seemed well. That’s all it took to start her hushing me and telling me never to speak about him. Her eyes would grow wide and she’d start looking over her shoulders frantically as if someone was in the room and could attack us at any moment. I tried to research my father on the Internet, but never discovered much. I’ll have to answer Cy with the little bit that I know.
“My dad was in politics. He worked in the very center of Miles. He wasn’t a politician himself. Obviously, he was a bit young for that. I think that he headed a campaign team or worked within one. He died of a brain aneurism one day while riding the HSR home from work.”
“What’s the HSR?”
“The high-speed rail,” I answer. We really are from two different cultures. An everyday encounter for me is foreign to him and vice-versa, like the badger.
“Oh, right.”
“I was a little over three and a half.”
“I’m sorry,” Cy offers lightly. “So how did things change afterward? You were saying something about somewhere your mom went before I cut you off.”
“No,” I correct him. “Crazy. My mom went crazy. She wanted to escape from Miles. She talked about it all the time.” Could it be that simple? Could the county going out of their way to spy on us have to do with my mother’s determination to escape? 
“Do you and Evvie share the same father?” Cy asks cautiously, trying to avoid offending me by questioning my mother’s fidelity. There isn’t much that can offend me in terms of my mother.
“Yes. It was literally seconds after my mother ended the call she got about my father that her tablet had a red alert saying she’d become pregnant.”
“And implanted in the baby was a microphone,” Cy says through the hand that blocks his mouth as he nibbles on his nail. “Until last night, we didn’t believe that technology existed at the time the second models of chips were being used. We’ve never seen it before. There must have been something that was unsettling to the county before your sister was born. It had to be more than just threats to leave Miles, unless you think your mom knew about us,” Cy speculates.
Suddenly I’m questioning the opinion of my mother that I’ve held for so many years. The depiction where my mother was dangerously insane isn’t quite so fitting if she knew that a colony outside of any county existed. Maybe she wanted us to escape to that place before Evvie was born because she knew the evils that would soon come. Maybe she knew about the Sheridans, about a better life, and desperately wanted that for us. I talked her out of it. I talked my mother out of trying to escape while she was still pregnant with Evvie.
“What did your mother do?” Cy asks me to try to see if she had the kind of profession, like my father’s, that could possibly lead to knowledge about an outside world.
“She was a food analyst for a produce company, but she didn’t work after my father died. We lived off his inheritance and my grandmother’s help. I don’t see how she could have known about Sheridan. If she did, I certainly never knew it. She kept on for years, her conspiracies growing and her ability to function plummeting. In all that time she never mentioned anything that would have led me to believe that she knew about this place.”
Cy contemplates my account for a while, mumbling out loud every now and again. “We’ll have to think more on it,” he tells me at last. “I know you stayed in the orphanage and Crewe told me about the foster. Is there anything else that you think is important to add?”
“No,” I decide. Now would be the perfect time to tell him our real last name, but I don’t see how it will make any difference as far as our importance goes. 
The difference lying does make is that these people wouldn’t be able to trace me back inside Miles, or another county for that matter, if I find out that this town is something other than what I’ve been led to believe. By keeping our last name a secret, I’ll have left one viable option for Evvie and me to regain our identities if we have to get away from here and return to a Petri dish. I’ve already outlined a story, much of which is true, to tell the county officials. I’ll present us as unfortunate victims of a kidnapping who had our chips forcibly removed. I can throw in elements of amnesia and brainwashing if I need to strengthen our case. I think they would take us back with this, if the mysterious importance and information we possess is not enough to do the trick. I’m not willing to give up an option for escape yet.
“Hurry up! We’re late!” Crewe calls from ahead. He and Evvie abandon their bags on the sidewalk and make a left hand turn to run up a few stairs to the main doors of a multilevel school. 
“It’s passing time for the junior high and high school kids on the top level,” Cy says hurriedly as we quicken our pace. “Hopefully the administration has passed the word to extend the passing time and let the kids wander inside and out of the building. Our job is to get lost in the multilevel, thermal traffic,” he tells me. Cy lightly grabs my arm just before the steps to make sure I’m attentive to his directions. “Listen, the hospital is two blocks north of the school. When you go to the front desk, tell them you’re with Cy,” he says as he puffs up his chest and smiles mischievously. I shake my head and wait for him to continue. “Wait in the waiting room until you see me come in. And don’t worry,” he adds, “Crewe isn’t going to split from her.”
Cy runs ahead and I accelerate my walk to an uncertain jog. Two boys who are exiting the doorway lift their hands in hopes for a high-five from the admirable Cy Davids. He doesn’t concede it, and shakes his head disapprovingly at the guilt-stricken boys. Again, an agent extracting thermal signals from inside the building could identify Cy as the hero giving and receiving high-fives from all of his faithful fans. 
I enter the building as a stranger and an intruder, but I immediately realize I won’t stay one for long. In brief passing, these teenagers discreetly nod, say hello, and welcome me. Not one of them is tied to a tablet, zoned into a game, film, or music video. None of them are in the middle of a video chat, TabFile update, or online auction. They’re simply with each other, happily talking. I have the utmost respect for them for understanding that being human is about being truly present with one another.



My anxiety is heightened more than it has been since last night’s exhausting run to the station. I was so sure we were running to our deaths, but when Crewe, Cy, Galvesten, Della, and I met up with the others and didn’t face any hostility, I began to feel relatively safe in the hands of the Sheridan militia. After that point, I also considered my sister and me not so sought after. 
Although a fire of nervousness is spreading through me now as I sit in the hospital waiting room, it is not on account of a matter of safety. I have decided to tell Cy the truth about my last name, and I’m loathing his reaction. I can’t get further tangled into a web of lies that will be impossible to undo later. He needs to know the truth. If I want him to have any chance of discovering why Evvie and I had such advanced chips, he needs to know who we really are.
An old man a few chairs away erupts into another fit of coughing. Each cough makes me more and more uncomfortable. Maybe I’m nervous he’ll choke, because there’s a definite correlation between his coughs and my anxiety level. Added to my other worries, it’s enough to put me over the edge. 
What are Galv and Della so busy with that this man can’t get some help? He’s older than anyone I’ve ever seen in person. Forget choking, he may simply break from the strain the upheaval is putting on his frail frame. I don’t want him to die in front of me. Just as I stand to urge the receptionist to do something about this old man’s agony, Cy enters the building.
“Follow me, pretty lady,” he flirts as he struts past where I am standing. Cy doesn’t wait to see the solemnity that characterizes me now, as I’ve resolved to tell him that I’ve been lying about who I am, possibly further endangering his people.
I take one step toward the receptionist to say something but she beats me to a cold ‘We know’.
Walking through the expanse of the hallway, I realize this building doesn’t serve just as a hospital. It makes better sense to me now why this place was considered a decent location to become mixed in with Sheridan’s people. 
Galvesten and Della double as care providers in the general-health clinic, which is located in the western wing of the hospital. Additionally, this building is home to a dentist’s office and a childcare center for non-school-aged children. 
Lastly, it is apparently the technological hub of Sheridan, as I’m shown when Cy politely gestures for me to enter the room before him. There are antennas, wires, and screens clustered in a few different stations. There is also a large dish and what appears to be a tablet before they were designed to fold open.
“Rico, this is Sydney,” Cy tells someone who is hidden behind a monitor. “It was her little sister that you were unable to discover anywhere in Miles’ network.” Finally the man unglues himself from his work and slides his chairs out our direction.
“Evelette, right,” he says. “I’m Rico—”
“Aves,” I finish abruptly. Though I had only seen it once, I still clearly remember his broad smile. I would recognize Rico’s face anywhere. Under his smiling picture, this Mexican-American was captioned: Rico Aves, a Man for True Freedom. He was the escapee who I had mistakenly read an article about years ago.
“Oh, you know,” he states without the puzzlement that I see in Cy’s eyes. Rico must assume that Cy has already informed me about him, but he didn’t. Truth is, I’m astonished to know he really does exist.
“I read an article about you a couple of years back.” I wait for Rico to acknowledge the article that I stumbled upon online.
“You did?” he asks, his face changing as he realizes that this is how I knew his name.
“Yeah,” I answer to the man who is now equally as astonished as I am. “I didn’t think you were actually real, or still alive if you once were. I read the article, but an hour later when I tried to find it again, it was gone.”
“An hour?” he laughs. “No. My propaganda only last seconds before they’re wiped out. It’s miraculous you ever saw one. I’ve only theorized that county drones, no offense, have had the opportunity to view them.” I don’t take any offense. Who but me would be chancy enough to look for what I was searching that night, only a few nights before I jumped for the first time. “Wow! This is great news,” Rico continues. “But I suppose it has nothing to do with why you and your sister had the chips that you did.”
“I’m afraid not,” I confirm. I want to know more about Rico Aves. I want to know how long he’s lived in Sheridan, how he escaped, how long he’s been posting the propaganda he creates, and whether they have ever had any repercussions. I want to know all of this, but like Crewe said, the priority is discovering the meaning behind the microphones.
“As far as we know, Evvie had her microphone from birth. Sydney’s was craftily exchanged when she was fourteen,” Cy tells Rico. Rico switches to a different station and gets to firing up the machines connected to it. Cy also powers on a hulking system and begins wiggling a few of the wires around. I can’t put off telling Cy about lying to him for another second. If I allow him to sit down in his chair, I won’t go through with it.
“Cy?” I interrupt a bit impulsively. “I need to talk to you for a second.”
“Okay,” he answers with a growing concern. He and Rico both stare at me for an awkward moment. “Here, let’s go for a walk.” Cy motions for us to step into the hallway. Rico’s brow remains furrowed as he continues to work and I lead Cy outside of the room. 
The Davids brothers and I seem to be going back and forth with these serious, private talks. Momentarily, all will be out on the table and hopefully very soon, my sister will be safe enough to where we don’t have to put so much weight on our interactions.
“What’s up?” Cy asks nervously in the hallway. When we get a short distance from the doorway, I stop. I don’t especially feel like walking back through the buzz and chatter of the hospital complex while I confess my deception to Cy.
I come right out with it. “I lied to you.” I turn and face Cy, looking him right in his wide, grey-green eyes and waiting for him to speak.
“What about, Sydney?” he asks deliberately, showing that he has a renewed apprehension regarding the well-being of all of us.
“Our last name isn’t Layton,” I tell him. This time Cy does not drop his head or even pull his gaze away from mine. His expression twists from concern into indignation.
“Why would you do that, Sydney?” he asks briskly. I have an answer for him, but not a blameless one. I know that by the warmth in my cheeks and the hairs that bristle on the back of my neck. I have drawn this out far too long, especially when I was given good reason to trust these men. They risked their lives to save me. This should be more of an apology than just a confession if I could only say what I’m thinking, but I’m not good at apologizing.
“I didn’t know if I could trust you. I thought I was keeping my sister and me safe until I saw this place for myself,” I say, though it’s a lousy excuse.
“Well, it’s here. It’s real. The people are real,” he ridicules. “And you jeopardized all of their safety by lying to us.” I try to agree with him, but he’s not through. “You don’t even make sense, Sydney. I mean, how could you lie to us when we were trying to trace Evvie? You would have bettered her chances of being safe if you had told us the truth, and you knew that by then,” he escalates. “You put your sister and all the rest of us in more danger by lying!” 
He’s right, but with how quickly everything was happening then, I had forgotten about the misinformation I fed them. It wasn’t until afterward, when someone welcomed my sister as Evvie Layton, that I remembered. 
That excuse doesn’t make it better. In fact, it makes my misstep much worse that I was that careless in it, so I decide not to try to defend myself to Cy. I really did put my sister in more danger than she would have been in if I had trusted them, but that’s simply not something that comes easily to me.
“I know. I did. I’m sorry,” I apologize.
“Well, you better start acting smarter! There are two-hundred fifty people subject to your next move so I hope you are ready to trust me,” he states. My feeble nod sends Cy briskly back to his workstation in the room at the end of the hallway.
Rico is panicking as he fusses with the plug-ins and antennae of an ancient modem box. Cy immediately knows that something is wrong. He joins Rico in the frantic wire swapping and gentle banging of the equipment. 
“What’s wrong?” I find the courage to ask.
“They cut the system,” Rico answers when Cy doesn’t. “This always happens. It takes them a while to trace our intricate web of bounced signals, but they always do. And when they do, they cut us down.”
“Can you fix it?” I ask.
“The old one? No,” Rico answers, discouraged. “But we’ll get right to work on building a new one. Say Cy,” he begins, “is she safe to go look for Crewe?”
“I don’t know what she’s safe to do,” Cy looks at me begrudgingly while answering Rico. It stings deeply that I’ve betrayed Cy’s trust by lying to him. He is the one person in this town that I can count on to back me up in advocating for my sister. That has been an extremely important characteristic, alongside his cheerful charisma, in our promising friendship. I’m sad to see it whither so soon. I need him. I need the closest thing I have to a friend. 
“I’ll be fine,” I answer Rico since Cy provided him with a rather muddled and coded response to his important question. I notice Cy’s regretful exhale as he considers whether he really wants to be at odds with me. “What can I do?” I ask.
“Just find Crewe,” Cy answers without making eye contact. “I don’t think he’ll be back toward Main Street since we agreed to have lunch here. Check the school and then go door to door through the houses to see if you can find him. When you do, tell him we think the network has been broken. Have him try to make a few calls to verify that it’s down.”
“Okay. Then come back here?” I ask, content to have even this stale, flat conversation with him.
“We’ll be here,” Rico answers. “We’re going to try to patch the old system until we know for sure that it’s been cut,” he tells me.
“Sydney,” Cy calls before I get to the doorway. “Just be careful,” he says without looking up from his work. With this I add forgives quickly and doesn’t hold a grudge to my mental list of good qualities about Cy Davids. I exit the room with a deep breath and an appreciation for a task to keep me busy.
Thankfully, I’m ignored as I pop my head into classroom after classroom looking for Crewe and my sister. The administration of the school said that they didn’t think Crewe and the new girl were here, but that I could go ahead and look.
The brief peeks into each of the rooms give me a good idea of what schooling is like in Sheridan. The lessons appear rich with history, current affairs, and other things with practical applications, even in the lower grade levels. The small classes all seem engaged in their lesson, practice, or project. I don’t see what was so wrong with children being taught this way rather than online. I suppose it was a matter of money and cold convenience.
Many of the inquiries into the homes surrounding the school bring no answer, and those that do frequently produce a nosey neighbor wanting to know all about my sister and me, what it was like back in Miles, and why I am looking for Crewe. As is customary for me, I’m not too pleasant in my brevity with each of them. They should excuse it, understanding that I have something important to do.
It takes me over a half an hour to locate Crewe and Evvie. Crewe goes outside the little white house with his phone to better his chance of receiving a signal.
“Do you like it?” Evvie asks me.
“Sheridan?” I ask, seeking clarification.
“I meant the house.”
“It’s nothing special, but it’s fine. Why?” I ask. Before she opens her mouth to answer, I understand why she asked the question.
“It’s going to be ours,” she says remorsefully.
“Then it’s perfect,” I smile. Correcting my statement comforts her, but only because she knows I mean it. It’s not the dwelling, but the people and the feeling that make a home what it is.
“There’s only one bedroom with a big bed, but Crewe thinks we could swap it out for two smaller ones,” Evvie tells me.
I lived in cramped quarters in the orphanage, at Trista’s, and in the transitions building. Truthfully, I would have hoped for something more spacious like some of the other homes I had partial views of this morning. I suppose those home belong to larger families than mine. In Sheridan there is little waste and no evidence of showboating.
Had coming to Sheridan been a choice for us, and a secure transition, I know she would have coveted a better living space, like Merideth’s. After believing our mother was alive, thinking I may have been hurt or captured for breaching, and experiencing all the precautions under the guidance of the Davids brothers, I’m not surprised Evvie’s preferences have changed to love something so quaint. I’ll always be close by in this house, and there’s no saying we can’t change to something else once we’ve grown more confident being here.
“Do you like it here?” I ask Evvie after a bit. “Sheridan, I mean.”
“Honestly, I can’t believe the things they live without,” Evvie laughs in her way. “I’m going to miss my friends,” she adds seriously, “and Merideth too, but I think I’d rather live here and understand what’s really going on in the world than live inside and be oblivious to it.” I can tell those are Crewe’s words replaying themselves through Evvie lips after she’s spent the morning with him, but I don’t let on. I just nod and agree with her wisdom and effort to accept this major change in her life.
“What have you and Cy been doing?” my sister asks me.
“Trying to crack the code on us,” I elbow her. “But I guess their system is down. That’s why I had to find you guys to have Crewe test it on his phone.”
“No one else has a phone?” Evvie exclaims. I only laugh and revel in her agony. I expect her to laugh along with me, or tell me to knock it off, but instead she beams mischievously. 
“He likes you, you know,” she says unexpectedly.
“What? Who?” I ask unintentionally. My cheeks grow hot and tingle with embarrassment in being caught off guard by this subject.
“Cy. Crewe told me that he likes you,” she reveals, now bursting with giggles. 
“Oh,” I answer apathetically. I’m pretty sure that feeling has since faded, now that I’ve crossed him by coming clean. Regardless, contrary to my girlishly excited sister, I’m disappointed to learn any feelings for me exist. I wouldn’t know what to do with that kind of thing, other than awkwardly pretend that I don’t know. I wish I really didn’t. I wish that Crewe hadn’t said anything, because a secret of that kind never lasts with Evvie. I enjoy Cy’s sociability, humor, and loyalty, but I only hope to regain his friendship, nothing more.
“Let’s go eat,” Crewe invites from the homey porch where the sun shines brightly. He walks through the front door across from the couch that we sit on, probably so he can marshal us out, in a gentlemanly manner. 
“What’s our news for Cy?” I ask him, inquiring about the signal and trying to gain a read on whether Cy has told him about my lying.
“That he’s got a lot of work to do,” Crewe answers simply. Well, at least it seems that Crewe hasn’t heard about my blunder and decided to hate me, but he probably will join his brother in that soon enough.



I haven’t learned to handle my new but archaic toothbrush any better than this morning, when I was finally able to rid my mouth of disgusting plaque buildup. Trying it again now, I find that both of my hands are equally incapable of making the looping motions that the electronic toothbrushes in Miles make for their users. 
Somehow, I manage to knock the end of my brush hard enough against the gums surrounding my top molars to make them bleed. The taste of blood mixed with the distasteful paste causes me to gag. Luckily, Crewe is in the other room, rummaging through cupboards, and doesn’t hear the awful sound.
He has spent the last few hours answering all the questions that I have thought to ask him about Sheridan. And as it turned out, there wasn’t a single question he could ask me about Miles. He knows so much more about the county I lived in than I do. Like me, life experience has driven Crewe Davids to be wise beyond his years.
I spit the remainder of the toothpaste into the sink and briefly run the water. Conserving water was something I never put much effort into inside the county, where energy and resources seemed limitless. I guess I sort of felt as if I was already doing my penance for my ancestors’ wastefulness by being forced to live inside the bounds of a county. I suppose it’s only right that I become more conscious of conservation now that I’m living in and using what is supposed to be uncivilized territory.
I rip off a length of toilet paper to pat my lips dry and to soak the blood from my gums for a bit. I tear off another chunk and use it to dust off a circle of the mirror. Looking in the mirror, I allow myself a private smile for who I have become after all that has befallen me in the last few days. I am a free person, learning to survive as the Sheridans do. Though I can’t take much credit myself for being here, I am happy that my sister has been shown a brighter future outside of Miles County. 
I wrap the dusty piece of toilet paper around the bloody one, and discard them into a small paper bag in the corner. I gather the clothes that I shed from the countertop, and exit the bathroom, nearly bumping into Crewe. My cheeks flush a little and my stomach knots.
“Sorry,” he says lightly, although it was I who nearly ran into him. Ever since the talk at the safe house, where Crewe and I learned to tolerate and understand each other, he’s grown more patient with me. He didn’t yell at me when I disobeyed my order and darted from the tree or when I blatantly told him that I care more about my sister’s well-being than I do for the entirety of his town. 
I think Crewe has also grown to care for me. It wasn’t simply a high-ranking soldier acting heroically when he dove to take a bullet for me. He acted out of instinct because he needed to protect me. He compassionately placed his hand on my back when I grew queasy next to Evvie’s makeshift surgical table. Over the last few hours, as we’ve conversed openly, my estimation of Crewe has been solidified. He is also someone I can call a friend. He is primarily loyal to the needs of his town, but loyalty to me does weigh in his decisions. 
“The place is barren. No pillows,” he apologizes.
“It’s fine,” I tell him as I squirm past him toward my bedroom for the night. The pillows here would have probably been stuffed with lumpy cotton anyhow. Lumpy pillows are another thing that I will have to try to get used to, as if I wasn’t already a restless enough sleeper using the form-fitting pillows I slept with in Miles. 
The home that Crewe and I are staying in tonight was abandoned eighteen or so years ago, when all people had to relocate their residence to their designated county. There are many like this scattered throughout Sheridan. Cy and Evvie are probably asleep in one by now.
Moving trucks were quickly booked up when the relocation date neared so long ago, forcing many people to leave behind all the items they couldn’t fit into their own vehicle, if they were lucky enough to be allowed to bring their vehicle inside. This home, for instance, remains furnished with three beds, a large dresser, a couch, a kitchen table without chairs, and a treadmill. Crewe had to tell me what that was. Gyms and some homes have these back in Miles, but they are built into the ground and their settings are controlled through tablets. The one here certainly couldn’t be disguised by a floorboard and rug.
All Crewe and I will make use of here are the beds. There is one king-sized bed and two twin beds that belonged to someone’s little princesses, judging by the matching ornate headboards.
“Are you sure you want to sleep here?” Crewe asks politely after following me into my room for the night. Earlier, he insisted that I take the adult-sized bed and he would sleep on the couch. The couch isn’t really a viable option, seeing as it is mysteriously missing the middle cushion. 
I told Crewe I wouldn’t feel comfortable in such a large bed since I have only had small ones in which to sleep. I doubt he slept well after switching watchman duty with Cy above the cellar last night. He doesn’t need to fight with a lumpy couch tonight. I certainly can’t imagine the tough and lumbering Crewe Davids trying to squeeze himself onto one of the twin beds. Imagining the scene makes me have to concentrate to withhold a smirk. We are both guests in this house, so there’s no reason he shouldn’t also be treated as one.
“Alright, well if there’s anything else you need,” he leaves the statement unfinished and instead smiles lightly. He has a harder shell than his brother, probably due to hardship and responsibility therein, but there is a very likeable softness to him underneath it all.
“I know we should sleep, but I thought of another question to ask you, if you don’t mind,” I tell him.
“That’s fine,” he says, sitting on the uncovered mattress of the other little bed across from me. I toss the sheet over my pillow-less bed and sit atop it, pulling over me a light blanket that him and Evvie got along with towels from the storehouse.
“You don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want to.” Crewe waits for me to continue, not appearing to pull in the reins on his willingness to talk. “How did you and Cy become orphans?”
“You mean—how did our parents die?” he calls it what it is. I suppose he too has been asked this question over and over, so he sees no need to beat around the bush. “Our dad was a firefighter. The way the fire chief told it at his service, my father was faced with a choice. He had to choose whether to put himself in severe danger in order to put an end to a raging fire, or he could fight on from safety, knowing that the fire could swell, engulf the apartment building, and spiral out of control through the county.” 
Crewe lifts his eyes and looks at me. Even if his recollection wasn’t prefaced with me knowing that Crewe’s father is dead, I think I could have guessed his father’s decision based on the man his son strives to be.
“Well, you know how packed the buildings are in the county,” he looks up to tell me. “My mom said that in that moment, she knows that our dad thought of Cy and me. She said he made his decision so that he would know for certain that the fire couldn’t reach us, a mile away. My dad jumped onto unstable ground, knowingly, and challenged the fire.” Crewe looks down at nothing again. “After a minute, that part of the building gave way and collapsed. I lost my dad, but he saved a lot of lives.”
“He must have been really brave,” I offer as a form of condolence. I’m glad I asked him this question, because it has brought me to understand him better. Uncharacteristic of my usual sympathies, I add, “I bet your dad is really proud of you for all the lives you save by bringing people here.” 
Finally, I am able to see how much better my life can be thanks to his abduction of me. Reversed from before, that wording is no longer fitting. To be abducted means you are taken with hostility from somewhere you call home. Crewe rescued me, and when he found out that I had a sister, he risked his life to rescue her too.
“Thanks, Sydney,” he looks up and says meaningfully. I hope he knows how sincerely I meant what I said. I hope Crewe understands that I consider his debt to me settled. 
“My mom was already suffering from cancer at the time,” he continues to answer my question. “She didn’t die until a year later, which is much longer than the doctor’s predicted she’d survive. Sometimes I feel guilty that the stress we placed on her may have killed her faster. We tried to tell her not to worry, to rest, but my mom was a selfless woman. She searched and begged day in and day out during her illness, desperately trying to find someone to adopt us. It killed us to see her so sick, and upset, but she wouldn’t give up. Right up until the day she died.”
My throat starts to burn and my eyes well up a little. Ironically, I’m not thinking about Crewe’s mother, I’m thinking about mine. His mother fought every day for over a year to find a suitable home for her two capable sons. My mother cared less and less about her young daughters, and in her insanity, brought us closer and closer to danger. My heart aches in envy of the love Crewe’s mother had for her sons and fills again with disdain for my own mother. 
“We were blessed with amazing parents, just not amazing circumstances,” Crewe states. 
I clear my throat to eliminate any signs of shakiness in my voice. “It does sound like they were each truly amazing. One last thing, Crewe, did Cy already tell you—”
“Yeah,” he answers my unspoken question. 
I am a little surprised by this, since he and I have had such a cordial evening. I would have thought he’d be lecturing me for what I did. “I’m really sorry,” I tell him, even though he’s already accepted my mistake.
“I know. I was livid when I found out after lunch.” 
Cy must have told him while Evvie got her stitches examined by Della. I wasn’t allowed in so that we’d remain dispersed and probably also because of my history of a weak stomach. I was made to wander the hallways because I refused to go back into the waiting room. 
“Cy calmed me down and made me see it through your eyes,” Crewe explains. “I don’t know that I wouldn’t have done the same thing.” I’m surprised to hear that Cy reasoned with his brother on my behalf. He didn’t give me any inclination throughout the rest of the afternoon that he had thought about the lie from my viewpoint. He worked silently on creating the new network, which still hasn’t been completed. I’m glad Rico was there to ease the tension in the room. He conversed with me while he toiled amid the frustrations of failure. Even still, it was an excruciatingly long day. 
“Where did Layton come from?” Crewe asks.
“Evvie’s last foster. Her name was Merideth Layton. I butted heads with her a lot, but she was the closest person to family that we have had.” It’s peculiar to be talking about Merideth in the past tense. She still exists, but not in a world where I’ll ever see her again. 
“So what is your last name, anyway?”
“Harter,” I answer. Crewe’s expression of light curiosity suddenly morphs into one of grave importance. At first he is rendered speechless in his shock. Then, a frightful urgency takes over him.
“Sydney Harter, Harter with a t?” He is stating this as truth rather than asking it, so in my bewilderment at this turn of events I say nothing. “Was your mother’s name Loretta?” he escalates, now standing over me.
I mouth the word yes, but no sound escapes my lips. Frantically, Crewe sprints from the house, leaving the door ajar. This isn’t like the time that he removed himself from the car to settle down and think when I demanded that we go back to Miles for my sister. Crewe is sprinting somewhere specific, and in a life or death manner.
I am utterly perplexed and panicked by his reaction to my last name. It evidently carries information that I am not privy to. I run out of the house as well, and listen for the sounds of his bare feet against the grass, cement, or pavement. At this hour, the citizens of Miles County would still be carrying on loudly with their extravagant evenings. Here, all but the nocturnal critters are at rest. Still, I can’t hear the beating of his footsteps, but that doesn’t stop me from deciding a direction to go. 
I sprint as fast as I can through the yards of strangers toward the forgotten home where my sister is. As it turns out, this is exactly where Crewe headed. I fight to catch up with the glow of his white T-shirt, but this is no easygoing run for Crewe. As I realize the pace at which he is driving me along, I begin to wonder if he fears for his brother’s life, for my sister’s. Surely, he can’t be moving the fastest I’ve ever seen anyone run just to share a piece of information with Cy, no matter how much weight lies in it. With the revelation of my last name, Crewe Davids has a renewed fear for all of our lives. 
His pounds on the door a short distance ahead of me echo in the still night. Crewe doesn’t wait two seconds before he issues more thunderous thumps on the door, with the addition of screaming his brother’s name. Another few seconds, and Crewe exerts all of his force to kick the door in. I arrive on the lawn just in time to see the heavy front door knock the sleepy Cy against the wall.
Crewe grapples for his dazed brother, who slides against the wall and plummets to the floor. He lifts Cy’s pained face into his hands as he crouches over him.
“What’s going on?” I demand to know.
“You didn’t ask what her name was, did you?” Crewe asks his stunned brother straight away.
“What? What does it matter?” he slowly mumbles.
“It matters!” Crewe yells. “This one matters.” He stares intently at Cy. Crewe is able to convey something of meaning to his brother, who looks up at me in disbelief.
“What do you know?” I demand from either of them. Neither brother budges. “Tell me what you know!” I scream impatiently, grasping Crewe’s arm to drag him up forcefully. He stands on his own and whirls his arm free from my grasp.
“Go check on your sister,” he demands angrily in my face. My heart drops. The repetitive pounding, Crewe’s screams, the door getting kicked in, my screams. Evvie should have been sprung awake in all of this. She should be out here, demanding like I am to know what is going on. 
I don’t argue with Crewe. Fretfully, I stride around him and his brother.  I brashly force open doors to a bathroom and a closet, frantically searching for a bedroom. I yell out my sister’s name, but my call goes unanswered. One of the brothers tells me it’s the last doorway. That is the room where Evvie should lay in an incredible slumber since she isn’t responding to my calls.
I open the door. A strong, cool breeze freezes the tears on my face. Filled with horror, I flick on the light. The windowpane is missing. Rustled sheets and a blanket lie partly on the bed and partly on the floor. Evvie is not here. My sister has been abducted.



“Evvie!” I scream as I run over the bed to quickly climb onto the window ledge. I leap down onto the plush grass. “Evvie!” I cry out again.
“Go get Merick!” I hear Crewe yell behind me. “Go!” he orders his brother.
I run without direction, searching frantically for some sign of my sister. When had Cy fallen asleep? How long has it been since she was taken? It could be hours. I have to look for her here anyway. If I wake the whole town up by trying, then good—that’s two hundred and fifty other people who can help search for my sister.
Crewe dives for my ankles and takes me down the same way he did in the thick, larch forest outside of Miles.
“Stop!” he demands, this time without covering my mouth to force me to obey.
“No!” I shriek, trying to fight him off of me. “Let me go!” I protest like a pinned beetle.
“You’ve got to stop!” he says, shaking me. “They’ll catch or kill us too!”
My breath fails me and I stop kicking and squirming from beneath Crewe. Did he say that they will kill us too? He did. He just admitted the possibility that my sister may already be dead. I can’t accept that. 
Crewe has my arms pinned to the ground. I act on the only choice I have to free myself of him by smashing my forehead straight into his. I am successfully freed from his grasp, but suffer an excruciating pain that I didn’t anticipate. Sharp stings shoot simultaneously through the place of impact and the back of my skull. I stand unsteadily, trying to regain my footing.
“Take your families and seek shelter!” Crewe calls. “Men, spread the word. Go!” 
Sprinklings of nervous townspeople move about in a quiet panic. One man runs off his porch in front of me, looking ready to help Crewe contain me. A trickle of warm blood reaches my outer eyelid and clutters my lashes. Apparently, I’ve given myself a sizeable laceration from the head-butt against Crewe’s solid skull.
I’m not sure whether it’s this blow added to my recent concussion, or my indescribable agony over possibly losing my sister that produces a stream of vomit that overtakes my will to look for her. I bend my knee back to the ground and clench the grass for support.
Crewe continues to give orders to various townspeople before they can seek shelter with the rest of their family. I recognize the names Jerus, Decklin, Galvesten, Rico, and Alix among the ones for whom he sends. When it seems I’m finished retching, I turn to the overwrought and uncertain Crewe. 
“Come here,” he demands quietly, wrapping my disheveled being into his embrace. Tears were already leaking from my eyes, but they flow steadily now as I sob into his T-shirt pocket. “We will find her. It’s going to be okay,” he tries to convince me. Crewe’s hand holds firmly to my hair and the base of my head as he presses me tightly into him. I barely take notice of a kiss he places on the top of my head.
“We have to move,” he says, gently loosening his hold, but still supporting me. I give a weak nod and wipe the streaks of tears and blood from my view.
Crewe takes hold of my hand, leading me in a zigzag across lawns where alarmed townspeople in their pajamas look to him for direction. Crewe instructs various people to go to the hospital or to the school if they don’t have a basement or storm cellar. He looks over his shoulder often as we run through the scattered homes and families on the run. His eyes scan all passersby, but he’s not really seeing the familiar faces of his town. He’s searching for unknown face, for them. 
Word has already gotten to Jerus, who waits anxiously outside a building on Main Street. Alix, the fierce, female seeksman, reaches the building at the same time that we do. 
“What happened?” Alix asks. She focuses on my hand as Crewe lets go rather than my bleeding head. 
“BOTs took her sister,” he answers. “Evvie’s gone,” he tells Jerus.
“I know,” he says.
This still doesn’t feel real to me. Is my sister really gone? I can’t breathe, though not from the near mile we just ran. I can’t imagine how terrified she is, knowing so much more about the secret forces of the county than she did when she made the jump out of Miles on her own. Wherever she is, if she’s conscious, she’s petrified, and for good reason.
We walk up a flight of stairs to a congested conference room above one of Sheridan’s two restaurants. Jerus tells me to take a seat in one of the disorderly chairs. I ignore him, but Alix takes him up on the offer. My legs have to keep moving. Pacing helps me breathe. 
When Decklin arrives, Jerus tries to push the latest information on him. Decklin says nothing and waves him off. He remains next to the open doorway to the room at the top of the stairs, acting as guard.
I begin to feel queasy again, and decide I need to sit. I intentionally pull a chair away from the table to make it known that I wish to remain aloof from the others. 
Cy rushes in a minute after Decklin. “Were you attacked?” he asks his brother with panic as he approaches me. Cy lifts the end of his T-shirt to his mouth and cuts through it with his teeth.
“No,” Crewe answers him. 
Cy bites into his shirt again and tears off a section. He distractedly reaches to wipe my still stinging forehead with the cloth while he turns back to question his brother. I raise my forearm and block him. He twists back at me with surprise.
“How could you let this happen? You were supposed to be protecting her! You never should have left her side,” I sourly rattle off at him, misplacing my pain.
Cy is done arguing with me today. He takes in every word that I say, and doesn’t fight me on it. He places the cloth in my hand. “You should put pressure on that,” he says emptily as he turns away. He pulls up a chair and plops himself at the table, starring absently at the wall.
“If a BOT wants to be inaudible they will be, even to someone waiting and listening for them,” Crewe defends his brother. “You didn’t do anything wrong,” he tells him. He means no offense to me in backing his brother, and I take none. Cy can’t be blamed for not being as precautionary as I would have been. The truth is, if he had been in that room with Evvie, he wouldn’t be here right now. Crewe would have kicked in the door and raced to the bedroom to find Evvie missing, and his sweet, young brother martyred. 
Two more seeksmen arrive. I recognize them from the exploit to bring Evvie and me back to Sheridan safely. I assume these two to be partners. I’ve never seen them separate from each other. They like to keep to themselves, but a duty to protect Sheridan ties them here with the others.
Finally, Merick arrives. “Sit down,” he orders hoarsely before he ascends the final few steps. Chairs painfully screech as they slide across the linoleum flooring of this breathless room.
“Many of you know this story, but Sydney doesn’t, and today she needs to.
“Merick,” Crewe interrupts. “We don’t have time for stories. I told her that we would get her sister back and I have every intention of keeping that promise.”
“We’re not going anywhere right now,” Merick scowls, “and you know damn well why. So sit down and shut up,” he demands. Crewe doesn’t protest further, but he doesn’t sit down either. The others eye him carefully. 
I wonder if this story will be linked to my last name. I wonder if at last light will be shed on why my sister and I are significant to Miles County. Once I know the reason, I’ll know better whether they’ve taken her dead or alive.
“There is another town like ours called Braves. There is a man there, their leader in fact, by that same name. He used to have two little girls, twins.” Some members of the battalion are still fixated on Merick’s story, but others sigh and drop their heads. Braves used to have daughters, Merick said. The ones who have dropped their heads already know how the story ends, how the little girls’ lives were taken. I can tell from their reactions that whatever happened to these little girls still bothers them deeply.
My mind travels on a tangent about how precious the girls must have been simply for the fact that they were twins. Back in May, I presented a research project through EduWeb to round off my science credit hours. I was utterly obsessed with the social science behind twins. The current birthrate of twins throughout the counties of the nation is one-one thousandth of what it was before the population bill of 2015.
Back then, fertility treatments were legal and heavily impacted the birthrate of twins, triplets, and higher multiples. In addition to treatments being illegal now, any natural conception of a multiple when one child has already been born to the mother or the father is terminated. Furthermore, all identical twins that are conceived as a mother and father’s first children are also aborted because their identical DNA poses potential problems. Finally, counties close females’ childbearing timeframe prior to the late ages when having twins or multiples was once more common.
“While Braves was still living inside Bozeman County, he discovered a satellite image of a cluster of free people outside his county. He was a man filled with unrest by the injustices occurring in all the nation’s counties. Rather than taking his family and quietly escaping, Braves decided to plant a technological virus that proclaimed his find and conspiracy theories about the authorities to the citizens of Bozeman.”
“Naturally, the government was infuriated by his treachery, but couldn’t kill him outright due to the popularity of the virus. His immediate death would be too circumstantial, confirming citizens’ speculation of Braves’ published theories and the existence of an alternative way to live.”
“Instead, Sydney,” Merick zeroes in on me, “they traced his global positioning, invaded his home, and restrained his family. No hand was ever laid on Braves, but he was tortured into publicly retracting his testimony.”
“You mean they hurt his family?” I demand to know. Merick says nothing. The rest of the room remains silent. “Then why are we sitting here? Why aren’t we doing something about the fact that they’ve taken my sister?”
“Because they’re dead now, Sydney,” Crewe says quietly from the wall he had blended into. “For weeks, Braves was controlled through the need to keep his family safe. In the end, after he had given them everything they wanted, his wife and the twins died tragically of carbon monoxide poisoning in their home. Merick’s point is that we have to be extremely careful. You can’t cross them, Sydney.”
“The captain should be here in a few hours,” Merick says. “Last time I spoke with him, he was going to drive through the night. This will be his decision.” Merick looks deliberately at Crewe, who nods. “Galv and Rico are at the hospital, probably having to answer to folks rather than getting their job done. Cy, you’re to head there and get our system back. Jerus and Crewe, you’re staying with me. We need to have some rough options before the captain arrives. The rest of you, go home. Rest is going to be important for whatever we decide to do. Sydney, Galv is waiting at the hospital to give you a stitch before you’re off.”
“Off to where?” I question.
“You need your rest,” he bears in on me.
“Like that’s possible,” I object bitterly. I’d sleep better on the edge of a cliff.
“Talk to Galvesten about that, not me,” he returns. “I do want you close, so come back here to sleep. We’ll have you set up,” he says more to Crewe than to me. “Alright, go,” he sighs, exasperated. “Everyone go.”
Everyone but Merick, Jerus, Cy, and I thunders down the narrow stairwell. 
I need to make Merick aware of something before any plans are drawn up. “Something you need to understand,” I tell him, “is that I won’t live without my sister. So don’t consider my safety in this unless it’s going to also increase her chance of living.”
“Sydney,” Merick returns, “many county eyes watched you and your sister carefully during the day today. They lost one of you in the shuffle. Knowing what I know now, I would bet my family’s lives that they wanted it to be you when they removed that window. I’m going to level with you—trading which life we put at risk is a very viable option for us, so you better be sure you’re ready for that, and you better be patient and let us handle how it’s done.”
I’m thankful that Merick understands and respects my wish, but I don’t feel a ‘yes sir’ is in order. I nod and head for the stairs, feeling Cy’s presence behind me.
“Can I walk you?” he asks sheepishly. I don’t answer him and he follows me down the stairs.
“I didn’t mean it when I said it was your fault,” I say without looking behind me. Cy draws to my side when we’re on the main level of the restaurant.
“She is alive now, Sydney. That I know,” he says. “And what you said to Merick… I’m with you in that too.” 
Cy Davids will die for Evvie? He’s not that righteous. It’s better said that, just as Crewe did, he’s willing to risk his life to protect me from the danger I’ll face in trying to save her.
“I don’t want you to, Cy,” I stop and turn to tell him, tears welling in front of him for the first time. And I can’t contain them. They streak my cheeks with the calamity that plagues me. “I don’t want anyone to die,” I render with a burning throat. 
Neither of us holds pride from our earlier confrontations today. We succumb to our present vulnerability, our fear, and hold each other for strength. We’re stuck this way for the longest time, not wanting to let go and face the crisis ahead of us.  
When I open my eyes, I see Crewe turn to head back into the restaurant with a pillow and blanket in hand. I know that he’s afraid too, so much that he can’t stand by and watch us try to endure it. 
Why has all of this happened to me? Why has my lot in life had to be so unfortunate? What did I do wrong? Why is God subjecting my innocent little sister to the same misery that he allowed to befall those poor twins? Most regretfully, why does Merick have to be right? Why can’t I reject my fear and summon the will to die for my sister?



The unwelcome bell screams throughout the sleeping quarters of the orphanage. Usually, my sister hangs her torso upside down from the top bunk and nags me to get up. I have a terrible headache, so I’m glad she doesn’t pester me this morning.
Girls race for the changing rooms, their bare feet slapping the cement floor. Some tactically wriggle their clothes on underneath their bed sheets. Others, who have lost their sense of shame from living in the wide-open quarters for years, strip down to nothing and pull on anything from the drawer under their bed. 
I sit up in bed at last, not wanting to withstand another lecture about promptness. 
My sister’s feet should dangle from above by now, her toes wrapping around the rungs of the ladder as she prepares to scoot down it. 
I get out of my bunk and lift myself onto the first step so I can peek at my sister and see what’s keeping her, but she’s not there. Her sheets are still tousled about, so I know she hasn’t gone down to breakfast early. Evvie is not a rule breaker. Her bed is always shipshape before she exits the quarters. Anyway, she never heads downstairs without dragging me with her.
I call for her among the easy chatter of the girls, but she doesn’t answer me. I search for her face among the girls brushing or washing at the sinks. I scan the lines in front of the bathrooms and the changing rooms, paying attention to the girls who exit them. Where could she be?
I start to ask some of the girls if they’ve seen her this morning, but they don’t answer me, they only stare back. Why won’t they answer me? I become more and more earnest, sending the lines of girls into fits of giggles. The joke isn’t funny. I demand that they tell me where my sister is, but they only laugh harder.
Finally, I run from the sleeping quarters in my pajamas to look for Evvie elsewhere in the orphanage. I think I find her in the shower commune, but the shivering little girl with the long, soaking hair isn’t her. I grab a towel off the high shelf that she can’t reach and wrap it around her. The little girl smiles and thanks me kindly. I nod and turn to exit but she calls to me. I turn around to see what she needs. 
“Did you try the dining hall?” she asks with a sinister grin. I cock my head with confusion. How did she know that I was looking for Evvie? Her eyes blacken and she lets out a menacing laugh, more chilling than the other girls giggling in unison. I back away from her slowly and then turn to run to the dining hall. 
Below the split-level stairs, I hear the echoes of marching feet. I duck as I round onto the lower level to see what’s before me.
All the boys wear hunter-green cargo pants and T-shirts. All at once, they turn their heads and glance at me at the foot of the stairwell. I wouldn’t have noticed her otherwise, but the voice of the one who tells the rest to proceed is a girl just a bit older than me. I know her from somewhere.
The boys heed to their order and begin filing into the dining hall. I become aware of an African American boy who reaches for the hand of a younger boy with the same colored skin, who marches by his side. The little boy looks up at who appears to be his big brother. The little one reads bravery in his brother’s face, but from my distance I can tell that it’s feigned. The younger brother looks straight ahead and tries to find courage, for both of their sakes, while the older brother swallows hard. 
At first, all that can be heard as they round the corner into the dining hall is the rhythm of their marching feet, but soon screams and wails of agony accompany the drum. 
I run past the brick wall to the glass-pane hallway where I see the director of the orphanage. She wears a pair of black-rimmed, rectangular glasses and a black, ceremonial vestment, similar to a judge’s robe. The director smiles at me and then electrocutes a boy with the click of a button. She holds the button, eyes fixed on me, until he falls motionless on the floor. Then I recognize a shriller scream to the side of me. Evvie. 
She is strapped into a stilted chair, floating high above the action. She begs for the director to stop, but the massacre continues. Evvie cries to the boys, trying to warn them, but they march on, bravely, to their deaths.
I try to run to my tortured sister, but a thick glass wall stops me. I spin around but I’m engulfed by impenetrable glass. Evvie sees me, but she’s not concerned that I’m trapped. She continues to whimper and plead, but now it’s me that she’s begging to stop. 
I look down to find the remote in my hand. My thumb presses the button. I drop it, but the groans of the tortured boys continue. The glass thickens and becomes foggy. I can’t see what’s happening. I can’t see Evvie. The faces of the giggling girls upstairs suddenly surround the glass. They push the glass closer and closer, pinching my hand against the button on the remote that is again in my hand. I can’t breathe, nor can I stop the screams or the laughter. I gasp for air, but find none.
Something light and cool strokes my cheek. Finally, air rushes into my lungs. I spin around and the girls are gone. So is the glass that trapped me.
“Sorry,” a voice says. I roll over on the cold floor to see Crewe sitting beside me. He is dressed in camouflage again, and a gun lies across his lap. “You were having a nightmare. I just thought… sorry.”
It was just a nightmare, but then so is the reality I’ve awoken to. I peer around the dark room to find it empty of its prior occupants.
“Where are the others?” I ask Crewe.
“With their families. Cy and Rico tapped into a signal. Merick called the captain and he told all of us to rest until he arrives. Merick tried to argue, but the captain didn’t give him much opportunity. He’ll be here soon, and he wants all of us ready for whatever he decides when he arrives.”
“There’s something important I didn’t think to tell Merick before,” I tell Crewe. “I didn’t have the chance, I guess.”
“What is it?” Crewe asks, praying there are no more surprises from me.
“I think I may have known Braves’ daughters,” I tell him.
“That’s impossible,” he says.
“Braves is the man’s last name, right?” Crewe doesn’t disagree so I continue. “Well, I didn’t actually know them, but I knew of them. Were their names Tuli and Tigonee?”
“I don’t know. I’ve heard the story before, but I don’t know if their names have ever been included. How did you know of them?”
“I told Cy about this when I woke up and remembered who I was. You weren’t in the car then.” Crewe shakes his head a little, remembering how he stormed from the car to keep away from me. He’s sorry that I ever had to fear him. I don’t stop to tell him it’s okay, that I trust him now. There is no time for that.
“The reason Evvie had been outside Miles County with me the day before she made the jump on her own is because she was afraid our mother was still alive.”
“Cy mentioned something about that,” Crewe recollects. “He said the court database had your mother listed as a foster?”
“There were two non-biological children listed on her parenting account, and Evvie didn’t appear to exist. The names were Tuli and Tigonee Braves.”
“I have to make a call. I’ll be back,” Crewe says. This news warrants a phone call, but nothing of the urgency he had when I told him my real name was Sydney Harter. “There’s toast on the table, and gear for you over there,” he points.
“I’m not hungry.”
“Sydney,” he protests. “You need to eat. Please.” I don’t offer any indication that I will. “Do it for her, okay?” I don’t answer or nod, but he knows I’ll do anything for my sister. “I’ll be right back.”
Since I’m awake, Crewe flicks on the light before he descends the stairs. The light aggravates my eyes and my head. I finger the stitches Galvesten had to give me in the wee hours of the morning. It was obvious that he too knows something about who I am that I don’t know, but I couldn’t break him. The more I tried, the more nitrous oxide he pumped into the concentration mask. I don’t remember feeling the stitches at all due to this, but I feel them a little now with tissues still swelling beneath the seam. 
I decide to change first in case Crewe comes back quickly. The gear is heavy with the weight of its history and the mystery of the precarious future from which it aims to protect me.
I stroke the padding of a bulletproof vest and think of my sister. I think of everything I have sacrificed for her, only to ultimately fail her in the worst imaginable way. I remember her as a chipper little thing, the way she should have been in the dream I had almost forgotten.
Will Evvie hate me if any of these people are killed in effort to save her? If she could weigh in on the discussion, would she wish that we stay so that we could each live long, happy lives in Sheridan?
My heart tells me she would. As brave and selfless as she is, she wouldn’t want anyone of us, including me, to trade in his or her life to save her. Maybe knowing what she would ask is part of what keeps me from feeling fully ready, as Merick suggested I be, to die for her. If I knew for certain that Evvie would either die at the hand of the county or live through my bravery, I would step onto the unstable ground to challenge the fire. I would find the courage to be a hero that Sheridan would not soon forget.
Of the two of us, Evvie has always had a better chance of living a happy life. The fullness of my future was constantly diminished by the hardships I faced. I carried the burdens myself so they wouldn’t steal the lightness of Evvie’s heart. 
Through her capture, years of my effort have already been undone. If a hand has been laid on my sister to give me up, then my entire life has turned to waste in a night. My soul will certainly be lost if she dies that way. Guilt would shadow the little light left inside of me. 
I take a deep breath and decide to eat. I need to be fueled so I can put forth one last fight, my fiercest yet. I’m glad Merick and Galvesten teamed up to force sleep on me too, unless it’s already all done in vain. Don’t do that. Believe Cy. She’s still alive, and she needs me.
A slice of peanut butter toast lies on a towel. Fittingly, there is a glass filled with orange juice from the restaurant downstairs. I laugh out loud for a moment, being that this is the breakfast I fixed for us for years when our mother was inept at taking care of us. It’s also what we ate the morning before I showed her the way out of Miles. 
My unbefitting laughter quickly turns to a burning in my throat and the pain’s desire to leak from my eyes. I tuck the feelings away and sink my teeth into the toast. I’m done crying. Tears aren’t going to get me anywhere, but there are steps I can take toward regaining my sister. Eating and hydrating are a start. Planning comes next.
“You were right,” Crewe says as he barges into the room. I’m glad I decided to change first and then eat. “The twins’ names were Tuli and Tigonee.”
“Does that change anything?” I ask with my mouth full. Warm orange juice slides down my throat.
“It proves that they’ve been planning all of this. Everything. I don’t think it was any accident that your sister came by those names. They wanted us to take notice. They’ve been waiting for this, which means they’re ready to challenge our existence. This goes far beyond you and your sister.”
“What do you mean they wanted you to take notice? Why would you or anyone in Sheridan take notice of what was listed on my mother’s parenting account?”
“Because we’ve always watched that account. Not all of us, but at least one of us.”
“Why?” I drop the toast back onto the table and demand answers from Crewe. “Why is my mother significant?”
A horn is honked a number of times down at The Lot, kitty-corner from the restaurant. 
“That’s the captain. You stay here,” Crewe tells me, though he goes nowhere. He lingers a moment and swallows hard. He takes a step toward me and squats in front of me. “I’m sorry,” he apologizes, tentatively touching my fingers that rest on my lap. He turns and leaves abruptly.
What is he sorry for? Have decisions been made that he knows I will disapprove of, or has he been hiding knowledge about why Evvie was taken, why they hoped to take me? I want to run after him and make him tell me, but this time I’m so fearful that their knowledge or plan will prevent me from saving my sister that I’m paralyzed in the chair.
The captain is younger than I imagined, though he has deep-set wrinkles at the corners of his eyes. I expected his entrance to increase my anxiety but, oddly, his presence comforts me.
“Hello,” he whispers as he comes over and reaches for my hand. “I’ve heard a lot about you and your sister.” His throat is tighter than mine as he tries to speak. I reach out and shake his hand, but he doesn’t let it go.
The feeling in the air puzzles me. I look to Crewe, who stands rigidly against the doorframe. He watches ominously. 
The captain follows my gaze to Crewe, and he too notices the stiffness of Crewe’s demeanor. Crewe’s eyes are locked intently on the leader. In doing so, Crewe conveys something of meaning to him the same way he did after he kicked the door into Cy and told his brother that my last name matters. This one matters, he said. 
The captain takes another timid and uncertain glance at me, and looks back to Crewe once again, shaking his head in disbelief. 
“It’s her sir,” Crewe says shakily. “We found her.”
The man turns slowly back toward me and kneels down to see me at eye level. His eyes flood as he stares deep into my soul.
“Sydney?” he questions again, barely managing the word.
He takes both of my hands in his to say something else, but he can’t. And then I feel what I know can’t possibly be true. “Dad?” 



He reaches for my face and cups it in his hand. No. No! It can’t be. I don’t feel present in my body as my head shakes from side to side. The stranger pulls his hand away from my face, but continues to survey me in adoration. Beyond my control, my hand slips away from his grasp in my lap.
“It’s okay,” he whispers. “It’s me. I’m your father.” 
It’s unmistakable that he is indeed Demetri Harter, my father, as he says he is. His face is an aged version of the one I’ve secretly studied online, wondering what he was like, and what my family was like with him in the picture. His eyes are my eyes, only the deep blue that outlines my irises seeps further toward the golden sun that surrounds his pupils. My heart hasn’t forgotten his voice. I felt it was him the second he uttered my name. I thought I remembered nothing of my father, but my heart beats uncontrollably as he whispers again, “I’m your dad, Sydney.” 
Tears burn at the corners of my eyes too, but I don’t feel the awe and joy that so clearly illuminates his face. The overpowering love he feels is absent from me. I am in shock. All of this time I thought he was dead. I knew he was dead.
He stands up and tries to pull me into an embrace, his heart so flooded with the magnetism of the moment that he’s compelled to do this, but I dodge his arms. He looks at me with confusion and then appears wounded as I back away. 
He may be my father, but I don’t know him. 
The walls creep toward me and the air thickens, making it difficult to breathe. He has had fifteen long years to dream about being reunited with me. He knows exactly what he wants to say to me, and how gently and invitingly to say it. But his gratification in this impossible moment will be short-lived. I have no choice but to ruin it. 
I make a split second decision to push past Crewe at the doorway and stampede down the dizzying stairs. One of the restaurant tables clips my hip as I clumsily make a dash for fresh air. I look over my shoulder, and see that no one has followed me. Regardless, I run around the side of the building to ensure that I will be left alone.
My father is alive. He is the captain of an estimated six hundred refugees in Region Two between the towns of Sheridan, Braves, and Idaho. How can he be seen as a capable and beloved hero to so many while his own daughter sees him as a coward and betrayer?
Were we dispensable to him? Did he justify the pain of the few with the liberty and happiness of the many? If he cared about Evvie and me, wouldn’t he have come for us? I know he was able to trace us, so that means he just stood by as our mom lost her sanity and as our grandma, our greatest hope, was murdered. He merely watched as my body fought to overcome the alcohol-induced coma and live for the sake of his youngest daughter, who sat alone and scared in a sleeping orphanage. How could any father allow the misery his children suffered? How could he witness it and not rescue us from the evils of Miles County? 
I love the father that I know to have tragically died before his time. I’ve always believed that that father could have amounted to a brilliant and caring politician, Chief of County even. He could have moved mountains in an unjust world if only he was given the chance, but life was stolen from him. That’s the father who I love.
“Hey. It’s just me,” a cautious voice says from the opposite direction I came.
“He’s supposed to be dead. He’s been dead all of my life,” I cry without acknowledging the intruder.
“Your whole life has been a lie, Sydney. An ugly lie.”
“Why didn’t he come?” 
“Your father is a good man, Sydney.” Crewe squats before me but doesn’t force me to look at him. “He is the man who got Cy and me out, remember? He’s been like a father to both of us for the last seven years, and you know how high my standards are when it comes to fathers.”
“Good for you,” I scorn.
“Sydney, I have been listening to the captain talk about his little princess for seven years, I just never imagined it would be you,” he pokes at my arm, but I don’t join in his untimely playfulness. “You’ll get to see for yourself soon enough, but take it from me if you can—that man still loves you with everything in his heart, the same way he loved you the last time he saw you. He’s also the most valiant man I know. You put those two facts together, and I guarantee you that nothing would have stopped him from coming for you if it was safe for you.” 
If I am to listen to anyone, it will be to Crewe Davids. The way I feel isn’t going to transform instantaneously with an eloquent speech, but I am persuaded to at least hear my father out. Regardless of his relationship to me, he is the captain and he is here to help us determine how to bring Evvie home.
“Please,” Crewe presses.
“You could have given me a heads up.” I roll my eyes and allot my stubborn resentment onto Crewe. He scans my eyes for a moment. My scowl fades and my pursed lips soften just enough for Crewe to smile at my jab. Without warning, he uncrosses my arms and lifts me onto my feet.
“Sydney, one more thing,” he says after I’ve moseyed a few steps toward the street. I turn around slowly as I don’t like the worry in his voice. His face screams that there is something else he’s been keeping from me besides the fact that the captain is my living father.
Crewe takes two hard steps toward me and unexpectedly envelops my lips with a kiss so passionate that it seems he must have ached for years to give it. My heart drops and fire tingles throughout me. I’ve known Crewe for just over two days. Part of that time I didn’t even know who I was, but I knew that I hated the fuming, accusatory man who I later found out to be my primary abductor. 
Somehow, time and the transformation do not matter. My first kiss, something I never thought would happen so soon, if at all the way things were going, was very welcomed coming from Crewe Davids. 
The kiss isn’t a prolonged one. Crewe releases me and turns away too abruptly to know whether I feel the same way about him. Maybe he doesn’t have the courage to see. My cheeks are flashing hot and my heart is racing. Crewe is only a few steps away when I gear up to run tell Evvie. She’ll absolutely die to hear this.
Oh, Evvie. I’m called back to reality, and I’m immediately soiled with guilt for experiencing any pleasure in wake of her absence.
“I’m going to go talk to our dad, Ev,” I whisper. “He’s alive and he’s going to help. We’re coming for you, Evvie, together.” Somehow telling Evvie gives me the strength I need to face my father. I will do anything to get her back. I will do whatever it takes.
I nervously creep up the creaky stairs and peek through the glass pane of the door. My hand rests on the knob, but I don’t turn it. I watch him in secret for a moment, the way he’s been able to watch me as I’ve grown up. He sits down now with his back to me, but I can tell that the strong, confident, and wise man from the picture I studied is stressed and dejected. His posture is slumped and he anxiously taps his fingers against the table. 
I take a deep breath and enter the room. 
He glances over his shoulder and stands hurriedly when he sees that it’s me, not Crewe, who has returned. With his gaze upon me, the room feels no more comfortable than when I burst from it in need of air.
“Hi,” he says awkwardly, being overly cautious now.
“Hi,” I return from a distance. He turns another chair to face the one he was sitting in, and gestures for me to come join him.
 “I thought you were dead,” I murmur without moving my feet.
 “No,” he says sympathetically.  
“You left. You left us.” My speech is broken and my hands tremble though I’m not afraid.
“I did, but only because I had to,” he says. “I would have gotten you out, but I was afraid they would do something horrible to you and your mother if I failed. I wasn’t willing to take that risk. I had to let you go, you see.”
“No, no I don’t,” I state. If it’s possible, I think his face drops even more. “You were only in for a few years, and at the beginning of it all. Something horrible was done to us.” I’m losing composure. I can’t help, nor can I contain, the anger I feel. I’m furious that my father abandoned us. “We were made to live in that Godforsaken circle of misery without anyone to look out for us.”
“I’m sorry, Sydney. Oh God, Sydney, I’m so sorry,” he says. “You don’t have to forgive me, or accept me even, but please don’t hate me before we’ve figured out just how everything got so screwed up. Can we talk about your sister?” he asks.
I can’t deny him this. I can’t deny Evvie this. I nod and tentatively approach the chair that faces him. We sit, and I try to calm my trembling hands.
“How long has she been with you and your mother?” he asks.
I look up at him in bewilderment. How can he not know the answer to that question? Minutes ago, Crewe told me that he’s been hearing about me through my father for the last seven years, about his little princess. Singular. Had he never spoken of a second daughter? He has no idea that Evvie is his. 
“Forever,” I answer him. “She’s yours.” I can see his mystified mind spinning with confusion. Merick and Crewe have been telling him about Evvie and me for the last two days. Now, arriving and learning that I am his daughter, he assumes Evvie to be someone else’s child, perhaps an adoptee or foster. “Mom learned she was pregnant the same day that you died, the day we thought you died,” I correct myself. “Evvie is your daughter.”
He glows with the news. “I have a daughter,” he says, beaming like a first-time parent. “I mean two. I have two daughters.” Suddenly his expression morphs into anger. “They hid her from me. They knew I would be watching, checking in.” He remains very grave. “We’re going to get her back, Sydney.” 
“She’s smart. Careful,” I tell him.
“Good. If she has half the strength of character and bravery that you have, we’ll be okay.” 
I wonder if he only thinks that now that he has found out that the latest addition to Sheridan is Sydney Harter. His Sydney. I doubt that Merick and Crewe’s account of the events following my abduction painted the picture of a courageous heroine. It’s more likely it left him dreading his meeting of the impatient and stubborn girl from Miles. Who knows, maybe he saw aspects of bravery within my strong will before he learned who I am.
“Your mother raised you well despite the horrors you spoke of experiencing inside. She must have taught you to ignore societal influences and be observant and cautious of the world. I can’t believe you know so much and have still been safe all of these years.”
I was afraid of that. How do I tell him that my mother, his sweetheart, is dead? Furthermore, how can I explain without disgracing her and offending him that she was absolutely lost, and that I raised us in surroundings that were far from safe? All of this will break his heart. He will understand for the first time that he truly failed us.
“Is your mother well?” the captain asks with care. He knows that when the girl from Miles remembered who she was, she demanded that she be taken back for the sake of her sister. He knows I left no mention of going back for my mother.
“How long?” he asks before I’ve said a word.
“Five and a half years,” I answer. He drops his head. Earlier this morning, my father believed that his strong, beautiful wife and daughter of the same nature lived healthily in Miles County. Like a deceased loved one from the heavens, he checked in on us from time to time by tapping into the county databases. Only what he traced must have been a veneer covering the despair that defined our real lives. Through this deception he has gained knowledge of Evvie, a daughter he’s never met, but he has also lost the love of his life.
“I’m sorry,” I console him. It’s so peculiar to be comforting my living father on the passing of my mother, who has been dead for five and a half long years, and droned for eight and a half years prior. I can barely tolerate my memories of her, and here I am comforting a man who has only beautiful memories of this woman and fantastical ideas of how she got along after he was removed from her life.
“How?” he asks.
I hesitate. I can’t find the words to tell him. “You should probably have some background.” I look up at his concerned eyes that harrow in on mine. “She didn’t cope well after you died. She was healthiest for a few months just after Evvie was born, but soon the hysteria came back, even stronger than it was during her pregnancy.”
“Hysteria?” he questions.
“She conspired that the government killed you.” I suppose she might have had some reason to think that, now finding that he is alive. “She wanted us to try to escape, but I always convinced her against it. It scared me,” I admit to him. “I was so little.”
I wonder how my life could have been different, really different, if I hadn’t questioned my mother when she was pregnant with Evvie, or even afterward. What if we had run, and made it out? We might all be together now, here in Sheridan. We might be a happy family of four, perfection in the eyes of the counties. We also may have been captured, or killed from the attempt itself, if my mother didn’t have a surefire way out. 
“She couldn’t take care of herself or us. Delusions took over her.” The image must not fit the picture that he has of my mother, because he’s shaking his head and pinching at the inner corners of his eyes. I’m sparing him the details, too. If he only knew how awful it was, he may feel sick with guilt that he didn’t come. 
I remember how badly I hated the chatter. My mother talked nonstop, but not to us, and of nothing that made any sense. I couldn’t turn it off. It was so hard to live with her frenzied static in the background all the time. And of course, there were the shocks that I greatly feared, but I won’t tell him about that. I’ll preserve for him the ability to feel love when he remembers her. 
“We stayed with Grandma as much as we could, but then her date came up. I tried my best to take care of all of us, but one day the authorities found out about our situation. They took her to an institution. She was there for two months before she died.”
“You still haven’t told me how,” he states when it appears I’ve finished talking about my mother.
“Suicide,” I say reluctantly.
“No, that can’t be,” he says. I nod my head but I don’t want to look at him. I don’t want to see his denial, and I don’t want him to see the feelings of betrayal that still surface in me when I think about what she did. She could have gotten better. She could have stayed a little longer, and given them a chance to help her. 
“Listen, I know you knew your mother longer than I did… Look at me,” he says with a parental tone. I look up and meet those deep, blue eyes. “Your mother loved you. She loved you more than life. I know that she would have never, ever given up like that. If she really did kill herself, then she did it to protect you… and your sister,” he adds. “But my guess is it wasn’t suicide.” The veins in his neck bulge and his temples flair in effort to keep his composure in front of me.
Why does the world keep flipping the way it does? Until a moment ago, I knew what my mother was like. I was certain that she took the easy way out. I despised her for it, and used my resentment of her to drive my desire to always be stronger and braver than she was. And now everything that the captain, who was supposed to be a stranger, is saying points to the contrary. He paints her to have died out of love for us, like Crewe’s dad. My mother was not a heroine.
“I want you to believe me, Sydney, but you don’t have to. She was probably terrified after my death, and alone.”
I disagree with his statement but I don’t let on. Our mom wasn’t alone. She had two daughters. She had responsibilities that she neglected.
“Your mother knew a lot of things she wasn’t supposed to know,” he regrets.
Then she must have questioned them during her sane stint while Evvie was an infant. She must have tried hard to forget the terrible theories that her husband, my father, had told to her. But once you’re brought from ignorance, you can’t ignore the truth. It surrounded her. The government did have something to do with my father’s disappearance. She was being watched and so were her children. Most frightening, they would kill us if we stepped in the wrong direction. She was in a constant state of fear. One day she slipped from the sanity she managed to hold onto and lost her ability to return.
“What happened to you and your sister after your mother’s…” He can’t bring himself to finish the question. He needs time to process her death and accept it. 
“We lived in the orphanage for two years, then with a foster for one. We returned to the orphanage for less than a year before Evvie was fostered again. I got a living variance just afterward, when I turned sixteen.”
He pounds the table with a closed fist and startles me. “I’m sorry,” he says, though I’m not sure if he’s referring to our shuffling from place to place or for alarming me. “I didn’t know. I traced your chip to the orphanage once, but the next day it went back to the little apartment I assumed you guys were living in. I figured you volunteered at the orphanage or something.”
“No, they must have rerouted my global-positioning signal back to Trista’s apartment. She was the foster we had for a year.”
“Oh, that’s right,” he says regrettably. “I’m so sorry, Sydney. Crewe told me about what happened with her, how you came to have an updated chip. If I’d have known… Sydney, if I’d have known about any of those things… I would have done anything to protect you. You were my little girl.”
“Unfortunately, you still have the chance to prove that,” I tell him. “For your other little girl. We both do. Dad—” I pause for a moment. The word is forced, and yet it sounds sweet leaving my lips. This is my father, my Demetri. “Evvie is my entire world. There isn’t a soul on earth who will ever change that. No one can fill the hole she’ll leave if she’s gone.”
“I understand,” he says, without sadness that I’ve belittled his importance. “We’re going to get her back. We’re going to be a family,” he says taking my hands in his. I’m forced to smile at this. “I’ll go tell the others to join us.” My dad squeezes my hands, pats them, and stands up on stiff legs. He smiles a lengthy smile at me, and heads toward the door to go summon the others.
“Dad?” I say before he opens the door. He turns and waits. By Crewe’s example, I push through my nerves and approach him. He only allows me to stand awkwardly before him for a split second before he follows my weak invitation. My father wraps me into his strong arms. 
My shock and anger have vanished and I’m overtaken by the power of love. I’ve loved and missed my father for so long, and by some great miracle, he’s here again. I squeeze him with all my might and open my heart to him. 
“I love you so much,” he says as he strokes my hair. Against my earlier will, my tear ducts give way and release all the tears I’ve suppressed for my dead father. We stand in our embrace for a long moment, not wanting to let go for fear that we might lose each other again. My dad is alive. He’s here. He’s going to help me get my sister back.
“You’re going to love Evvie too,” I say from within his hold.
My father looks into my eyes, but doesn’t let go of my arms. “We’re going to get her back,” he promises.



“Well, I’ll be damned,” Merick says as he leads the others through the doorway. He pats me hard on the back. “I should have recognized your old man’s attitude when you gave it to me,” he jests.
Decklin smiles and Cy squeezes my shoulder. The two youngest seeksmen choose chairs on either side of me. 
“I’m Cheng,” says the Asian-American man in his late twenties. Apparently I merit an introduction from him now, but his partner still makes no move toward one.
“Sydney,” I say, shaking his hand.
“I know,” he says absently. That suffices for him as he moves away to take a seat. 
Crewe enters somberly and shuffles around a few others without acknowledging me. I wonder if he is avoiding me because of the kiss we shared in the alleyway, or because what is best for Evvie may not be best for the town, who he will undoubtedly side with in our planning, no matter what his relationship is to me. 
He lowers himself into a chair next to Merick, who sits on my father’s right. I stare at him, waiting for him to risk a glance in my direction. Just before it seems the proceedings will begin, Crewe finally looks my way. With purpose, I release a small, side smile to him. If he weren’t too tanned to tell, I think he might be blushing. He returns a heartfelt smile. I allot his eyes’ diversion from me to boyish bashfulness, which is also becoming on him. 
Even if he hadn’t kissed me, I still don’t think I would be cross with him for keeping to himself the information that the captain is my father. 
Within moments of him learning my last name, he and I also learned that Evvie had been taken from under us. Since we would need to wait for the captain to arrive before any decisions about going after her could be made, deciding to forego telling me for that short time was an acceptable move. Forcing sleep on me instead of allowing me to be kept up all night with worry over my sister and questions about my living father was probably for the better.
All of us look expectantly at my father, who gets right to it. “Here’s what I know—Miles County sent at least one black-operation team into Sheridan last night and took Evelette Harter, my daughter,” he says, scanning the eyes of the listeners. “Whether any harm has been done to her, I don’t know. But regardless, they came onto our soil and took one of our own. To me, that is a direct action of hostility.”
“Now let’s talk numbers. Last I knew of, Miles County employed six black-operations teams, with four to five members on each team. Now we know that they were planning this. We know that they put the names of Braves’ little girls on my wife’s account to taunt the towns of Sheridan and Braves. We can assume, then, that they’ve been gearing up for an assault. I wouldn’t be surprised if Miles has fifty or more highly trained men and women between their teams. Look around the room. That’s not very favorable odds.”
“There are plenty of others here who are willing to fight for our families,” Jerus advocates.
“Not who are trained,” my dad counters. “We don’t take anyone who isn’t capable.”
“So we train them,” Jerus suggests.
“We don’t have the time,” my dad shoots back. He’s right. The more time we waste, the less chance my sister has to survive. “Not only do we lack the experience and the manpower that their teams have, we also haven’t found a secure way to interrupt their superior technology, which will also be hunting us.”
“You’re not making this sound too good, Captain,” Cy points out. “Tell us what we do have and when we leave.” He chuckles a little about the second part, but no one else so much as moves their eyes in Cy’s direction. They’ve already lost faith with the captain’s opening statements. I can see it in their eyes. They’re calculating. They want to cut Sheridan’s losses. They don’t want to go. They want my sister to be left behind.
“We have love for our families, our friends, and our freedom, and love is a lot more powerful than the simple sense of duty that compels them to fight us,” my father says.
“No disrespect, sir, but love isn’t going to protect us from bullets or bombs,” Cheng says.
“Secondly,” my father glares impatiently in Cheng’s direction, “I have a plan that will outsmart their technology just enough to get us inside without being detected.”
“We’re sneaking in to take her back?” Jerus asks. “You said abducting her was a direct act of hostility, so we should be retaliating directly—with everyone and everything that we can muster.”
“No.” I sense that my father has only begun to speak again, but Jerus continues his rant. 
“Captain, you can’t think so personally. Firing should be our response to them taking the girl.”
“The girl is my daughter,” my father scowls. “Taking her was personal, but you better believe it wasn’t that personal. I want to stand up to them for all of us and for our whole town as much as anyone else, but not to an idiotic end,” he throws at Jerus. “If we march in there screaming a battle hymn, we won’t march out, and you know that. That’s what they want. They took Evvie to create a catalyst that would ignite nineteen years of tension, since the day of the decree.”
“Besides the fact that they would annihilate us and then our town, Jerus,” he says sourly, “we would be made out to be the barbarians, and the county civilians would gain a new respect for and trust in the government that defended them against us. That counters everything we’ve been working toward. Whether the abduction is a personal matter to me or not does not change the fact that penetrating the county secretively is the best move.”
“For how long?” Jerus continues his uprising. “How long do we allow them to continue to oppress people on the inside without doing something about it? You said it yourself—they want to spark a battle. Who’s to say they won’t just kidnap someone else, looking for the same result?” He looks around the room, and I do as well. His position is contemplated by a few.
“He’s got a point,” Crewe affirms. “If we win her back, it’ll infuriate them. They could bomb us.”
“They won’t bomb us,” my father says.
“How do you know?” Cheng asks.
“If civilians inside found out that the Miles government blew up two hundred and fifty people without a more justifiable reason than having broken the law by being out here, they may end up with a civil war on their hands. The people would be outraged by the lack of due process. Also, we have become a lot more than protestors, and the people will acknowledge that. They’ll understand that we’ve governed our territory and people for almost two decades without oppression. Masses will try to join us if the truth seeps out. They won’t risk bombing us to highlight their terrorist ways and the fact that escape, freedom,” he accentuates, “is achievable. They don’t want a divided nation with all that’s happening in the world, and frankly, neither do we.”
Cy shifts in his chair next to me. “Captain, you said that taking Evvie was a catalyst to spark the tension. What is the spark for if not for wiping us out?”
“What I believe they aim to do is put an end to movement from inside. They want us to think that our annihilation is around the corner so that we stop seeking.”
“So, Captain, say after we get Evvie back, they take another citizen of Sheridan, I mean they came right in and did it pretty easily, what’s our move then?” Crewe asks.
“I’m sure we’d figure it out if that happened, right Captain?” Cy says, cautioning his older brother on my behalf. But Crewe is right. What I’m thinking is—what if they take her again? Or worse, what if they come in and simply leave her dead for us to find?
“It’s more likely we’ll need you and Rico to figure it out. We’ll either need a technological security like they’ve got with thermal energy, or we’ll need a sounder way to infiltrate their systems to broadcast our existence. If we can threaten them with that, maybe we can convince them to stay away from our people.”
“We’re working on it,” Cy tells my dad.
“I know you are, Cy, and we’re all thankful for it. I know you guys will get there.”
“No offense,” Cheng looks to Cy and then back at the captain, “but those two have been working on that forever. It’s a tight system to break. I don’t think we can bank on it.”
“Cheng’s right,” provides his equally dissenting partner. “Letting them pick us off slowly would give us the time to train more of our own and form a coalition between Sheridan, Braves, and Idaho, a force that could—”
“Let them pick us off?” my dad questions. “Are you suggesting we let them capture, maybe kill our people, my daughter, to focus on our end game?” Cheng’s partner folds his arms, disgruntled. 
“If all the refugee towns in Region Two join forces—don’t you think all the counties will do the same? Use your head.” Merick’s intolerance for Cheng and his partner has grown to match that of his despise for Jerus.
“I promised Sydney that we’d get Evvie back, alive,” the captain shoots across the table.
“And so did I,” both Davids brothers say in unison.
“And I promised my sister that I would never let anything bad happen to her,” I add, needing to be part of the group advocating for the mission to save her.
“We don’t know whether your promises are even possible anymore,” Jerus leaks. At this, Crewe uncontrollably bursts from his chair, toppling it over. Although Jerus is across the table, and adamantly professes himself as an experienced war veteran, he recoils and cowers from Crewe.
“Crewe, cool it,” Merick warns. “And Jerus—just shut the hell up.”
“I can see where this is leading so we might as well get to it,” my father says, releasing his glare from Jerus. “Before I tell you the plan, I want to tell you that we’re obviously not all going. If something were to happen out there, we can’t have our town left without anyone to lead and protect it. Merick, you have no choice, you’re staying.”
“Demetri,” he protests.
“I can’t leave the town in Jerus’ hands, now can I?” my dad reasons. “Jerus, that means you’re coming with me. I need someone else with experience out there, but don’t even think about screwing it up. That leaves four more spots which I’ll ask for at the—”
 “I’m in,” Cy interrupts. “I don’t care what the plan is, Captain. I’m in.”
“Three more spots,” my father sighs. “And will the rest of you let me speak before you go weighing in?” He waits a beat, and we all wait for him. “Sydney,” he looks at me intently. “I’m sorry, but you’re not going unless we don’t have enough volunteers.”
“But I—”
“You don’t have the training,” he says sternly. “It’s as simple as that. I know you want to be there, but I can’t risk—”
“I’ll follow my orders,” I stand and interject. “I’ll do everything you say. You have to let me go!” I assert.
“No, I don’t,” he says, “but we’ll see.” The captain lifts his hands to suggest that the others in the room will determine whether or not I go. He’s not going back on what he’s already told me. 
“So let’s hear it, Captain,” Alix says. She shifts her eyes to Crewe, and they share an interesting moment. “How are we maintaining the element of surprise despite their technology?”
“We’re taking the bikes, off-road,” he clarifies. “We’ll also go at night. That should cover satellite imaging. The maneuverability and speed of the bikes will make for a quick getaway.” 
“We’re not riding them through the barrier, are we?” Crewe asks. He doesn’t allow anyone time to answer before he reasons with my father. “They won’t survive the shocks for any kind of getaway, and we may not either. If we don’t explode right along with them, we’ll surely be debilitated.”
“The shocks are only administered if a chip comes within the barrier that the underground line projects,” I tell Crewe.
“Not if they flip the switch,” he says nonchalantly.
“What?”
“It’s not just routine maintenance they’ve been doing on those lines,” Merick explains to me. “But I thought you said you hadn’t seen any indication of this in Miles,” he says to Crewe.
“We didn’t, but better to be cautionary,” Crewe responds. 
“I don’t understand,” I say. “What have they been doing to the lines?”
“They’re being transformed to serve as an invisible wall protecting the county,” Merick says. “The entire outside world is warring. An attack from a neighboring or even a far-off nation is always in the realm of possibilities. The project is much underway in Billings, where it likely begun. I doubt we have to worry about that in Miles.”
“We’ll have to take a gamble on this one, Crewe,” my father concludes. Once again, everyone around me knows more about the counties than I do, and they’ve been removed from them for many years. 
“How will we diffuse our infrared energy?” Crewe asks. I appreciate that he brings the discussion back to the matter at hand. I’m both mystified and intrigued by the barrier upgrade, but I don’t want to be sidetracked for another moment. 
“This part is pretty rudimentary, but we don’t have the time to get inventive. We’re going to wear the neoprene suits. It’ll also be nighttime, so that will help.”
“That won’t be enough,” Cheng appeals.
“Let him finish, Cheng,” Decklin respectfully advises.
“I had thought of constructing some kind of wiring around the bikes to frame up acetate like in the cellar, but I don’t know how durable it would be on the ride in. I suppose if Miles did pilot the new barrier system beyond our knowledge, wiring would only extend and intensify the electricity through our bodies, obliterating any chance of making it across alive.” 
“Increasing the size of the whole unit would make it harder to maneuver the weave of trees anyway,” Merick says.
“I wish we had a way to get our hands on some of the technology the United States military had developed,” Cy says. “Remember what Galv told us about, Crewe? Jets and tanks alike had plates that adapted to the heat signatures of their surrounding.” I can see him wondering what such a thing would look like. I can see him try to bring his daydream to life. 
“The best we can do to mask the heat signature of the engines is to mold some kind of acrylic-glass covering. Those that aren’t going tonight will spend today engineering something shatter-resistant and just thick enough to emit an inconsistent infrared wave on the opposite side of the engine.”
“What else will be used to mask body heat besides the suits?” Alix asks. I notice that she doesn’t ask what we will use to mask our body heat. Alix doesn’t envision herself as part of this mission. I’m fine with that.
My father hesitates to answer this question that Cheng originally asked. Even I know that the neoprene won’t be enough from the night we stayed in the wine cellar built with dense, clay brick. We were further protected by the acetate sheets inside the cellar arc and panes of glass that rested on the dirt packed above it. 
“Adding acetate sheets with duct tape is all I’ve concocted,” my father answers. Alix’s eyebrows rise dramatically. “I know it’s haphazard, but those of us not planning the invasion with me will have all day to develop the idea.”
Everyone nods skeptically. To me, it doesn’t seem that this is the weakest piece of the plan. How will they have any idea where to go once they’re inside the county? Most of them have never been inside. “How do we find her?” I ask, willfully including myself in the operation.
“I’ll lead them. They will prep their weapons and follow me,” my father says. I don’t like that he answered my question with they will and not you will. “I have our entry point decided as well as a place to store the bikes. All of that can be talked about with the task force today while the others get the equipment ready.”
“I’m in,” Crewe says.
“Me too,” Decklin is quick to follow. He surprises me. He’s younger than me, scrawnier than all the others, and less than three months ago he lost his partner to a BOT attack outside of Billings County where he seeks. He also doesn’t talk much, but when he does, he makes it count. I nod my head in thanks to him. I doubt I’ll do the same to anyone else who pipes in, because they’ll be taking my spot.
“There’s room for one more,” the captain says. He doesn’t look at me, but prods deep into the psyche of the others in the room who are not stepping up. Merick can’t volunteer and Cheng and his partner have backed Jerus’ viewpoint during the whole discussion. I don’t anticipate a little intimidation from my father will shake them. That just leaves Alix, the wildcard. She isn’t expressing any interest. 
I look to my father, who mourns that I’ve gotten my way. I don’t think he will know how to accept the exchange of one daughter’s life for the other, especially when I’m the only daughter he’s known. But he’ll understand my decision when he meets her. Evvie has my mother’s features, including the smile he remembers her with, and God willing, she’ll still maintain a freer spirit than I’ve known.
“I’ll go.” I spin my chair around to Alix in time to see Crewe looking at her the same way my father was. For some reason, Crewe’s imploring of her has more weight than the captain’s did.
“No!” I protest. “You’re not volunteering of your own volition,” I say to her. Some of the others begin to stand and disassemble. I look to Crewe, who looks guilty and fearful of the backlash from me, despite his head being held high as he stands too. Turns out it won’t be the last one to volunteer who’ll receive heat from me.
How could Crewe rip this away from me? I think I know why he did this, and that infuriates me even more. If he cared about me, he would let me go. I hurry around to him, driven by rage. He holds himself lucidly, although he knows what’s coming. I latch onto the lapels of his jacket like I did on the gravely roadside. I shove him into the wall. Hard. 
 “Why?” I demand. “You know me. You should understand that I have to go—I need to go,” I try to persuade him, but it’s of no use. He won’t release Alix from whatever obligation she has to him. “Look at me!” I scream, pressing harder into him. Crewe doesn’t look, nor does he make any attempt to break free from my hold. 
My father begins to pull me off him. I don’t fight my father, though he’s the one who has the real power to change this. But Crewe is the one I feel betrayed by now. “I hate you,” I tell him, but the comment isn’t filled with the spite such a remark should hold. Instead, it comes out emptily.
Crewe says nothing in his defense, but he does look me in the eye. He knows there’s no worth in his reason for sabotaging my right to be a part of this fight. He knows that the love I have for my sister is the only love I possess and far outweighs anything he could feel for me. His desire to protect me from harm is futile and enraging. I slide loose from my father’s grasp and stomp down the stairs behind the others. I don’t need anyone to protect me.



I hate this. I hate the waiting. I’m sure the rest of the town feels the same way, the majority of them trying to sleep upright in the school and hospital halls again tonight.
Someone should have called us by now. My stomach twists with the thought that something has gone wrong with the mission. There are a lot more lives at stake now. What if we never hear from them? What if all of them, including my sister, are lost to us forever?
A cold fear overtakes me. I’ll become a symbol of walking misery, only it will be worse than it was in Miles. No one ever noticed my suffering in Miles. They would notice here. They would watch my comings and goings. They would stare at the girl who lost everything, a melancholy ghost mourning among the happy and liberated people of Sheridan. I would be smothered by their unwelcomed sympathy and constant effort to make things right for me. But they never could. No one could ever fix my world if she was stolen from it. I couldn’t live if she was dead. I’m sure of that. I wouldn’t do it.
The phone rings. Even Merick is too frozen to answer it on the first ring. He fumbles to pick it up. I can hear a frenzied masculine voice, but I can’t tell whose. Information is fired quickly, but I can’t make out a word. I can read Merick’s expression, though, and it doesn’t seem we’ve fared much better than my darkest fear. He stands and gestures frantically for the rest of us to get on our feet.
“Yes sir,” Merick says before ending the phone call. Sir. My father was the caller. I’m glad I still have him, but I need more than that. I need Evvie most of all, but now I need the Davids brothers too. I never thought I needed anyone besides my sister, but the Davids brothers have wiggled their way into my heart, and I’ve made a place there for each of them to stay. 
“Galv, get your bags. We need Della on this one too. Cheng, go make sure the van is filled with gas.” The thumps of Cheng’s footsteps echo up the stairwell as he rushes down to the lot. Merick continues directing the nervous doctor. He read the intensity of the voice on the phone and the solemnity of Merick’s expression. “Pick her up and head straight for Lame Deer on the reservation. Do you remember where the college is?”
“I do,” Rico says. He and Galvesten were invited to bring each of their expertise to the waiting room, in case of an emergency or immediate threat to Sheridan.
“No. I need you here,” Merick tells him.
“Who is it?” I find the courage to ask, though I don’t want to know the answer. “Who’s hurt?”
“All of them,” Merick answers dismally. “Sydney, I’m sending you with Galv and Della. They might need another hand.” 
All of them? That can’t be. I wish they were sending me to meet Evvie, to hold her in my arms and tell her that I’m sorry. I’m the only person who can console her after whatever has happened to her. 
“Evvie?” I ask him. Merick gives a quick shake of his head and begins down the steps. “Merick, don’t just shake your head,” I call after him. He stops midway on the stairs and looks back up at me in the doorway. “Didn’t they make it to her?” 
“The mission failed before they made it through the barrier,” he says as he turns and continues down the stairs. Somehow, even his gait seems filled with gloom as he exits the restaurant. 
Merick is the leader of Sheridan when my father is gone, which it sounds like is often. Not three months ago, he buried Decklin’s old partner, and now today’s disaster is added to his conscience. These are his troops. These people are his family. Shame spreads in me when I realize how selfish I was to be relieved that Evvie is not among those that were evidently attacked by the BOTs, and that my father is well enough to be talking. 
I don’t particularly like Jerus or Alix, though I do have an admiration for the female seeksman, but Decklin is a steadfast, goodhearted young man. He’s brave and dutiful. And then, there are the Davids brothers. The lump in my throat grows and obstructs my airway. My throat and eyes burn as I hop into the front seat of the van with Galvesten. I can’t lose Cy or Crewe. 
I am inconceivably regretful that my last words to Crewe were ‘I hate you’. I didn’t mean it even as I said it, but I wanted to hurt him the way he hurt me. I’m glad Merick is sending me along. I want to be there to apologize to Crewe. How could I have told him that I hate him? He and Cy are truly my heroes. They changed my fate, and so readily fight for me still.
Cheng opens the back door of the van and tosses in the jerricans.
“Good luck, Galv.” Chengs extends his hand and shakes Galvesten’s in a gentlemanly gesture. Bring them home if you can,” he adds dully. Galvesten doesn’t return anything to Cheng before the back doors slam. His voice is broken too. 
I still don’t know for sure if Evvie is alive, but I feel as though it would have been revealed to us by now, like the Braves twins were, if they had killed her. I believe my sister is alive, so the mission was not unmerited. But if lives are lost on her account, without her being rescued and returned to us, then I will feel as much guilt as my father, who led them into the attack and Galvesten who will try to save them. 
He turns the key in the ignition, and puts the van into gear. I don’t know how long this trip is going to be, but I can see Galv doesn’t plan to talk for any of it. He is overwhelmed with the pressure his job brings today. He’s not only expected to return with the lives of sons and a daughter of Sheridan saved, but with the protectors that this town so desperately needs right now. The demand is too much for him to bear. If it’s affecting him this way, I wonder whether Della will be composed at all.
I’m sent into the hospital to retrieve Della. The population of Sheridan has seemed absolutely miniscule until now, when I see half the town’s population crowded along the hospital walls. I’ve seen fifty times this many gathered at various events in Miles, but this sight fazes me in a way that none other has. These aren’t celebrators detached from each other and attached to their devices like I would see inside. This community huddles together in fear.
“I’m looking for Della,” I say to any one of the faces starring at me with angst.
“Right behind you, darling,” Della says, not noticing the urgency in which I seek her. She holds a needle of some kind in her hand and walks past me to administer it to someone.
“We have to go now,” I tell her.
“I’ll just be a second.” Her stubby legs hasten and shuffle away from me. “If she doesn’t get her insulin—”
“Della, people are dying!” I’m forced to yell over her mumblings. After my statement, I realize the hovering fear of this crowd is only part of what makes their presence so overwhelming. It’s their morose hearts that disturb me most. Their sullen eyes are glued on me now and voices fall silent throughout the main hall. The adults take a hushed moment for my words to sink in, for the faces of their town’s protectors to settle in their hearts. The children who are still awake, however, erupt in frightened cries, waking the others. 
Della drops the shot on the ground and walks dutifully toward me. A few men rise in the background, and approach me with a chatter of nervous questions.
“I don’t know anything,” I tell them. “All I know is people are dying and you’re keeping us from getting there!” I say more discreetly this time, as not to undo the work of the parents who are trying to reassure their frightened children. With that, the men back off so that Della and I can take up our burden and travel to the ones who need us. 
We open the front doors of the hospital just in time to see Galvesten and another man slide a casket on top of the bench seat in the back of the van beside another one. This is when the reality of the failed mission hits. Some may already be dead, or it’s fairly certain that they’ll return with us that way. We wouldn’t be wasting the time we could be using to save them in order to make preparations for unlikely deaths. Less than six will return alive.  
I gather myself and pull Della toward the van. Right away, she starts firing questions at the two of us. Did she not just hear what I told the men in the hospital? Perhaps she thought I was only saying it to quicken our escape, but it was the genuine truth. I don’t know anything. I don’t know whether Crewe and Cy Davids live. I don’t know whether our strike against the county will endanger my sister. I don’t know what I have done. 
Neither Galvesten nor I answer a single one of Della’s questions. Her frightened babble seems so remote to each of us, who are plagued by our own consciences. Finally, Della resolves to sit back and trust that she knows everything that could possibly help her to save their lives.
All of them. Merick said that all of them are hurt, yet we’ve left capable hands behind. I know it’s not due to limited capacity is this oversized van. Merick had a mission of his own when he descended the stairs. Rico and the two seeksmen from Rapids County quickly followed. I wonder if they were staying behind to prepare for a full-scale assault on Sheridan. What good would four of them serve?
Then I entertain another thought. If annihilation is in the works, I’m in as much danger of dying as anyone else is. We’re traveling a major road with nothing diffusing our infrared energy. If I had learned that Evvie were one of them among the wounded, I wouldn’t care so much if I died. She would have been out of the hands of torturers. If she or I were blown to bits on the road, it wouldn’t be anything I could protect her against. Evvie would know that I did the best that I could for her, and that would have to be good enough.
But that’s not the case. Evvie is still entrapped by the Miles County BOTs. I can’t die now. With Cy and Crewe’s fate unknown, I am the only person that I know will fight for her. I’ve only known my father for a short day. I’m not yet convinced the captain would go for her. Actually, I not convinced Crewe would go for her either if it would put the Sheridan people at greater risk. Cy is the only one that I know would go, no questions asked. But I don’t know if he, or any of the others, will live through the night.
After a stale hour, I break the ice in the gloomy van. “Galvesten, have you ever dealt with something like this before?” Immediately after I’ve asked the question, I realize it was wrong to ask. If he hasn’t, I’ve only increased his qualms regarding what he is about to face.
“Yes,” he answers. The heaviness in me lightens just an iota. “For my last residency after med school, I was a trauma surgeon. I was employed full-time at that hospital afterward.” Pride flashes through him for just a moment, but the road we’re headed down vanquishes it. “I worked there less than a year before I went into the service.”
“You were in the army?” I ask.
“Marines,” he corrects. “But I wasn’t combat-oriented, too often,” he decides. “I was a doctor. This is exactly the kind of work that I did before the nation’s entire defense was called home for The Great Separation.”
“Did you have family you were separated from?” Galvesten had alluded to this before on the car ride back toward the safe house after I demanded to return for Evvie. I hadn’t wanted to pry then, even though I was desperate for as much information as I could get my hands on.
“Yeah, but that’s not what I’m referring to. Being in the marines, or any branch of the military, you’re privy to a lot more information than the average citizen. Of course when you relay it to them, you’re just seen as a skeptic, a conspirator, a traitor,” he concludes.
“What did you know?” I ask him. “What was The Great Separation?”
“Well you said you like to study history, so I suppose you know times weren’t good economically at the time that the population bill was going through Congress. Do you know what Congress was?” he asks me.
“Yeah,” I answer.
“People were beginning to liken it to the Great Depression of the 1930s, only it wasn’t as severe. But it did have the potential to plummet, see. We were still involved in the wars overseas that were then only starting to spiral. War is a costly, costly thing, and I’m not just taking about casualties. We got out, rather abruptly, and it upset everything our allies had supported us in working toward for over a decade.”
“You can imagine that the United States took a lot of heat after dragging other nations into the wars, and then bailing as the perils heightened. Not only did we abandon our nation’s longtime loyalty to fighting against occurring oppression, we initiated oppression on the home front. We had to appear weak, see. For the first time since the American Civil War, we were a separated nation.” 
“Political unrest plagued our nation in the year prior to the bill being ratified. Then in 2015, the separation became literal and the protest remained. Our allies no longer viewed us as traitors, seeing the state that our nation was in, and we didn’t lose our important trading rights with the warring nations. This world war has gone on longer than the previous two combined, and still our nation hasn’t gotten attacked or become involved in any way. The Great Separation has enabled us to prosper in secret while the world’s other great powers suffer. It was all tactical, see.”
So that’s it. That’s what all of this has been about. I’ve often wondered how a nation so unified, so strong, could have succumbed to this. They couldn’t have, unless it was intended to be that way. I wonder if this nation will revert to the United States once the war ends, if it ever does. I fear where greed may take us.
Galvesten lets out a heavy breath, but it’s not in conjunction with our nation’s profound history that he’s been helping me understand—a battered old sign welcomes us to Lame Deer. We’re here, but not ready. I can never be prepared for what I’m about to face.



My eyes scan everything in sight once we pass the sign for Lame Deer. I’m looking for anything that can give me an indication of whether the troupe has already arrived here. We turn a sharp corner, arriving at the forgotten college. 
One disheveled bike lays tipped on its side. The bike with the sidecar blocks the main entrance to the hospital. The third bike is missing. A flash of Cy’s fearlessly light and goofy face as he pined to drive the bike with the sidecar passes through my mind. In the end, Crewe and Alix were put on that bike. My father and Cy drove the other two. 
My father is the one who called, so I know he is here and well, unless he was baring injury to be the brave leader he needed to be on the cell phone. Cy was the driver of the bike that is unaccounted for. 
With the sidecar, it is still possible that four of the five seeksmen who partook in this mission have made it to Lame Deer, along with the captain. We may have only lost one in the battle zone. At the same time, perhaps some of the four, if there are even that many, will perish before returning home to Sheridan. 
Galv shifts the gear into park and turns off the engine. These motions are unnecessary in the voice-activated technology of the little cars in Miles. 
We sit not far from where the bikes lay abandoned. Although Galv and Della know every moment to be pressing in their profession, neither of them can bring themselves to move. Neither can I. All three of us are frozen, fearful.
We might have never found the courage to move if it weren’t for my father, who was probably avidly watching for us to arrive. He runs out to meet the van. He’s completely unscathed, and certainly doesn’t resemble my idea of someone who has just been attacked by county BOTs. Hopefully, the others have faired better than we believed too. 
Galv and I don’t ask what happened. This time, Della is smart enough not to ask either. Time is too precious. It’s all in the past now anyway. The matter at hand is saving the lives of whichever young, courageous freedom fighters await us inside.
My father lugs the door open and swiftly removes the bags from the vehicle. He finds the time to offer a sturdy arm to Della, who needs a little help coming down from the high ledge. Her legs are trembling.
My father carries the bags through the doorway into the college and we follow quickly behind him. He’s saying something about a gunshot wound and about Alix’s arm. Alix. Alix is alive. It sounds awful, but I’m not happy to discover this. It decreases the odds that the Davids brothers and the stoic Decklin are alive.
The college is not large by any means, and running down it, I am able to think one clear thought. I didn’t say goodbye to Crewe. I was too prideful to thank him for everything good that’s come to me through him. I was too pigheaded to give him the soldier’s farewell that he deserved.
My nostrils flare with a foul stench as we near to the doorway outside the room to where my father leads us. It’s like nothing I’ve ever smelled before. Even city stench does not compare. The captain is saying something about a burn. I think what I am smelling is Alix’s singed flesh.
Why is it so quiet? Why aren’t there moans and wails coming from the seeksmen?
“Sydney,” a soldier weakly calls my name. Decklin lies on his left side, facing me as I linger in the doorway, afraid to cross into the room. My father, Galvesten, and Della crowd around his back, where a bullet evidently invaded him. Della frantically spills surgical tools onto the floor while Galv puts pressure on the wound and calls for devices. They’re beginning with him, so his condition must be the least stable and mostly likely to turn fatal. He doesn’t look well at all. I’m afraid we’re too late for him.
I go to him and take the outstretched hand meant for me. “I want you to read something for me.” Della moves about the room in the background and my father whispers a trail of information into Galvesten’s ear. Galv’s face goes pale, and then he curses. 
“Sydney,” Decklin pleads for my attention. I refocus on his glossy eyes. How can he be so present in his current state? “Under my bed back in Sheridan, I keep my Bible. I want you to have it. Read Isaiah forty-nine. I’m sorry we didn’t get her this time, but have faith, Sydney. Have faith.”
Della fastens an oxygen mask over Decklin and he is quieted. Decklin has spoken his peace to the world, to me, a relative stranger. I can see how badly Decklin looks, but he can feel it. He has told me that his Bible is now mine. He knows that his time draws near. His hand relaxes in mine as Della administers the oxygen and anesthetics. 
Only now that the immediacy of Decklin’s condition has expired, do I realize that only two seeksmen are here with my father. Decklin, who has been shot, and Alix, who grits her teeth in the corner.
No. It can’t be. I understood that no more than five could have returned when I saw the bikes, but couldn’t there have been at least those five? Only three have returned, and two of the three missing are the ones who have become dearest to me. Why do I have to be tortured this way?
My father soothes Alix, who is still motionless in the corner. I recognize that she’s in shock. She’s either numb from fear, from grieving, or from the magnitude of pain coming from her arm that her brain can’t process.
I hadn’t realized my feet were moving as I was examining her. I’m a step away from where my father is avidly comforting her when I realize the overpowering stench in the room does not owe itself to Alix’s arm.
I turn my head slowly to have my intuition realized. No one sees me notice a fourth seeksman—a tall soldier whose durable boots stick out from where he lays covered on the floor. His feet are left exposed, but the inadequate wrapping covers his head. This can only indicate one thing. This soldier is not sleeping. This soldier is dead.
Please God, let it be Jerus. I have no remorse for this thought. There are three people that went on the mission who aren’t in this room: Crewe, Cy, and Jerus. 
Now I am noticed as I veer toward the man’s body. “Sydney,” my father takes the gentlest hold of my shoulders from behind me. The tone of his voice causes tears to erupt from within me. It’s not Jerus. 
“Why? Why!” I scream. I take fistfuls of my father’s shirt, but it doesn’t stop my heart from being ripped out. My father eases me to the ground as I begin to slip that direction and turns away to conceal his pain. 
“Which one?” I weakly ask my father. One of the Davids brothers lies dead on the floor behind me. I don’t think either answer will pain me less. Crewe Davids is a match to my soul. He is the only person I’ve ever met that really understands me. We shared that kiss, and then I yelled at him and told him that I hated him for trying to protect me. 
And then there is Cy. Loyal, charming Cy. It might not seem right to say so with how brief a time we have known each other, but it is the truth that next to Evvie, Cy Davids is the best friend I’ve ever had. 
“It’s Cy,” my father tells me. I’m frozen, cold, and empty. The tears cease but my breath still fails me. The beautiful smile and light humor of Cy Davids is lost forever. I think the entire world would mourn this moment if they had only the chance to meet him.
“Can I see him?” I ask. I want to see his face one more time. I want to say goodbye, understanding that it’s truly the last time that I will.
My father’s response is prevented by a sound that echoes from where Galvesten and Della jumble tools and their hands in a panicked desperation. 
“The defibrillator!” Galvesten commands. The fingers of Della’s blue latex gloves are painted a dark, liquid red. They fumble to seize a small, boxy machine and its components from among all the other tools that won’t save Decklin. His body rises with each jolt, but the flat line persists. All of our hearts sink further into despair. Decklin’s battle is lost. Decklin is dead.
Galvesten removes his gloves and discards them onto the floor. He wipes the sweat from his brow. “Let’s pray,” he suggests. “We owe that to him.” Galvesten is right. We owe it to the battalion’s unofficial chaplain to say a prayer for his young soul, which undeniably makes its way straight to heaven sooner than our words.
Della removes her gloves as well, and mournfully sets them on top of Galvesten’s. Her face is streaked with rudimentary eye makeup. My father and I stand up and fold our hands in reverence. Alix peers down at her mismatching hands. She closes her eyes and keeps her head bowed instead.
Eventually, Galvesten decides it’s him that should pray, since he brought up the invitation to do so. “Dear Lord, we ask that you bring your faithful sons home. Help us, God. Help their friends and family to understand that they’ve met the truest freedom with you. We ask that you watch over Crewe and Evvie. Keep them from harm, and bring them back to us, their families. Amen.”
Each of us is too choked up to follow Galv’s amen with our own. Della is the only one who tries, but it hardly escapes her trembling lips. Galvesten grabs a fresh set of latex gloves from the medical supplies that have been dumped before him. He hands them to Della. She dabs at her face with the sleeve of her shirt, and pulls them on. Galveseten grabs himself a pair as well.
“Alix, do you think you can walk next door?” he asks her.
“I’m afraid to move it,” she admits. For some reason she looks over to me. “But yeah, I can do it,” she decides. She winces in pain as she scoots herself to the edge of the table and slides off. She lets her arm hang at her side, careful that it doesn’t touch her torso. I notice some kind of clear puss drip from her fingertips as she leaves the room with Della. 
“We’re going to have to do skin graphs on her,” Galvesten tells us before exiting. “It’s going to be a while,” he tells my father.
“We’re right here if you need anything,” my dad says.
When I hear Galvesten talking to the women in the room bordering this one, I make eye contact with my father. “What happened?” I ask him. “Where is Crewe?” 
“We were ambushed,” he answers. “We met outside as planned and drove through together. It was a stupid plan,” he regrets. “We should have been separated.”
I know all the right things I could say to help console my father. I should tell them that it’s okay, that he didn’t know, that there’s no way that he could have. But I don’t offer him anything. He’s right. They never should have gone in together. It’s standard protocol that someone should have been made to go in first to make sure that all was clear for the others to follow. 
It was done that way at the barn. Merick gave the order for Crewe to go in first and for me to provide him with cover. The rest followed sporadically. If the badger had actually been some kind of threat, only Crewe and I would have been in immediate danger. The others would have been given a warning to get their weapons ready or the chance to fall back or flee.
My father should have gone through first. I’m sure this was the plan for entering wherever it is that he believes Evvie is being held. Even if he thought that they had traveled toward Miles undetected, he should have exercised the same precautions with this leg of the trip as the point that was believed to be more treacherous.
“All of us made it into the barrier just fine. Loads of them came out from every direction. The riders had their weapons pulled as we drove in, but I don’t think any one of us had the presence to get a shot off. We tried to retreat, but it was already too late.”
Galvesten mentioned something about Crewe in his prayer that led me to believe he must be alive, or like Evvie, that he hasn’t been confirmed dead. That must have been the contents of the whispers between Galv and my dad while Decklin spoke his last words to me. He hadn’t mentioned Jerus though, who is also not here. “Jerus and Crewe?” I ask my father.
“Crewe is fine,” he answers. “He drove his brother back here, but…” my father trails off. “But he was already gone when we arrived. I knew it, and Crewe did too, but I still helped him carry his brother in before Decklin. I don’t know what difference it could have made. We knew they were both lost. Jerus was left behind at the barrier. He’s in the hands of the BOTs now.”
“Was Cy burned?” I summon the courage to ask. My father answers by pulling back part of the covering from Cy’s face. He does it very strategically as to keep the portions of his face that are burned covered. He places one hand atop the cover on the opposite cheek and the other over Cy’s heart. “You were a good man, and I’m so proud of you,” he says. “I can never thank you enough for bringing Sydney to me, and for fighting for Evvie the way you did. I only wish I could have done more for you. You were a son to me, Cy. I love you, and I hope you can forgive me.” With that, my father stands and exits the room.
I can’t stop myself from stroking his cheek. “Hey Cy.” Not so long ago this side of his face was yellowed and swollen from being kicked in the face by me. His cheek doesn’t even feel cold with the heat still radiating from the nearby burns. This part of his skin feels smooth and looks pristine. If it weren’t for the smell and the cover that sticks to the fluids escaping his body, I might not be able to accept his death. He might look only to be asleep. 
“I don’t know what I ever did to deserve you. You were my best friend, Cy. I want you to know that. I want to say thank you too, for bringing me to Sheridan, and to my father, but mostly for advocating for my sister.”
“I also want to apologize for bringing all of this on you, but I have a feeling you wouldn’t accept my apology if you could be here to hear it. You’d tell me that it was your decision and not my fault. I even think you may have tried to hold on until we made it here, just so you could tell me that this wasn’t my fault. You probably would have been apologizing to me for not getting Evvie back. See, that’s just who you were, Cy. You were the kindest, most genuine person I’ve ever known, and I’m so sorry you were hurt like this. I’m so sorry.”
“I’m so selfish to do this, but I have to ask one last thing of you, Cy. I would do it myself if I could, but I can’t. Who knows, maybe I’ll finally be able to help you in some small way too. I want you to look over Evvie, Cy. Please be with her every time she’s scared. Lastly, use your God-given charm back on Him. Help me get Evvie home. I promise to do all I can for Crewe. I promise to try to channel the lightheartedness that you helped me remember into him. I’ll try to help him see the good that there still is in the world, because I know that you wouldn’t have wanted him to miss it for your sake.”
“I’m really going to miss you, Cy Davids. I’ll always cherish the image I have of you shooting out the car window, pumping your fist and triumphantly yelling two fifty-one to the town. I’ll always remember you were the one who brought my spirit back.” This is it. I say the word before my heart burns any deeper. “Goodbye.” I lean down, kiss Cy’s cheek, and re-cover him. I linger for a moment longer, stroking the cover like I had used it to tuck in the one I love. I force myself to stand and to walk away from him, from my best friend.



I can’t reenter the room wherein lies Cy’s scalded, lifeless body. 
I’ve only ever been in the presence of a corpse once before—my mother’s—but I was quickly taken away after I discovered her. 
I never saw my father’s body after we believed him to be deceased. We were told his TabFile indicated that he wanted his body donated to science. My grandma explained to me that even after he had died, my dad was so kind to give his body to doctors so that they could study it to better understand how to prevent such tragedies from happening. 
When the elderly die, they are allowed one witness to be with them in their exiting room. My grandma reserved this sacred spot for my mother. I wonder what wisdom she tried so desperately to pass to her possessed daughter in those fleeting moments. Like everyone else, the elderly have two choices when their date arrives—they can donate their body to science or they can be cremated. Funerals don’t involve caskets containing the body of the deceased like the tradition Sheridan evidentially still holds.
It’s torturous to be able to see their immaculate body after they’ve suffered some terrible death. You feel compelled to offer everything you possess, perhaps an exchange of your life, for God to awaken your dear one from their peaceful slumber. You wait for a warm smile to spread from their flatly tied lips as they blink their eyes open, but it doesn’t happen. It never could. They’re deceptively dead. 
It’s the same with Cy. I can’t accept that his soul is gone. In spirit, he’s probably sitting upright on one of the table-like desks swinging his feet and biting that nail while he sifts through all of the possible ways to cheer us up. I can imagine it, imagine him, but if I walk into that room, I won’t see his peaceful spirit. I’ll see a sheet hiding the terror his body endured. I’ll see the pain and sorrow of a promising life cut short. I’d rather turn my back on reality and imagine something else, anything else.
I wander emptily outside of the college into the brisk night air. I decide the van is a good place to be alone. I can curl up on the open floor and drift away. 
I need two hands to pull open the heavy sliding door. Inside, the moonlight reflects off the pale, unfinished wood of the caskets. This won’t do. Cy is dead here too. 
I walk aimlessly down the street for a while. Galvesten and Della are replacing the worst parts of Alix’s arm with graphs of her own skin. My father is probably searching for the fortitude to wrap two of his seeksmen, not much more than children themselves, into whatever covering he can find stored in the college. I don’t know him well yet, but somehow I know he’ll find the strength to lift their fallen bodies out to the pinewood caskets in the van.
For no particular reason, I decide to meander into a house in Lame Deer. I plod onto the porch of the one I choose and turn the doorknob. The door opens, and I step inside. Knowing that no one will find me here comforts me. They won’t know where I have gone. I suppose that Crewe has taken refuge in a similar way.
I don’t want to think about Crewe. It is ten times harder to think about the pain that Crewe is experiencing in the loss of his only remaining family. 
I’m suddenly driven to rummage for something, some symbol among the belongings remaining in this desolate home, to which I can attach a memory of Cy Davids. I want to always know that Cy is accounted for in the ghost town where he fought to make it alive for his brother, for my father, for me.
I immediately notice the ornate decorations on the wall, including family photographs. I study a photograph, noting the joy and unity of the family who used to live here. With the 2015 population bill, the United States government broke the promise that never again would Native Americans be forced to leave their homes and their lands. It’s clear that this family resisted the decree and held onto hope as long as they could. I wonder what their home is like now and if they are well. 
I change my mind about searching for a token. There is nothing here that will be right for Cy. No symbol or gesture can preserve him for me. A quiet tear rolls down my cheek, and I don’t wipe it away. I know more will come now that I’m all alone. I sit in the middle of the dark hallway, bury my head into my knees, and sob for my loss. Quickly, my heart shifts into aching for Crewe.
He’s out there somewhere. Right now, he’s begging for a miracle from the depths of his soul. He’s cursing and destroying his surroundings because he simply can’t accept that he will never see his brother again. He’ll never tease him and make him laugh again. This man with an unmatchable brightness, who has been by Crewe’s side his whole life, has been stolen from the world far too soon. I know that for Crewe, the weight of his brother’s death falls heavily on his shoulders. He feels as though he failed him, and won’t listen to anyone who tries to comfort him with the contrary. 
Crewe is like the boy from my dream who feigned courage while he took the hand of his little brother and led him toward tragedy. Only in my dream no one survived, so no one was left wishing they could switch places with the deceased. 
Right now, Crewe wishes he were dead instead of Cy. I know this because he and I are the same. If I lose my sister, I could not persevere any longer in this life. How many fragments can a heart be broken into before it turns to a dust that can never be mended?
My heart breaks for the loss of my friend and the suffering of his shattered brother, but mostly it writhes in guilt because it was my sister that Cy was trying to save. I fear for Evvie’s life now more than ever, but am completely powerless to save it. I am reduced to a sea of tears because what else can I do but mourn? 
It must be nearly an hour that I weep alone for all that I have lost and the future that I will have to endure. I thought my life was rough before. I had to escape from it often into my haven. Now, I know nothing of my sister and people are dying around me in order to find and save her. Not just people, friends, her only hope. 
I weep for the person I was not long ago. I was a stony, determined, capable woman that had risen from my life’s trials. Now they’ve broken me and left me lost and empty.
The strangest thought creeps into my head. I wish Merideth were here. Cy is gone and no longer fighting my battles out of genuine valiance and feelings for me that I couldn’t have reciprocated. Now that he has departed, I need someone who has a reason to fight like I do. I need someone who loves Evvie directly and will go to the ends of the earth to return her to safety. I need someone to be here with me now to convince me not to give up because I’m nearing that end. I don’t know if I can take the hands of the giving, faithful soldiers—only to lead them to their deaths.
My attention is drawn outside to a chorus of people yelling my name frantically. I needed to be alone, but I was stupid not to have stayed close or to have told someone where I was headed. I can sense their anger, fear, and sorrow as they call my name, believing they’ve just been dealt further loss. They think I’ve been abducted like Evvie was. I wish it was true. Then I could be with her. 
Shame trails me out the front door where I call to the three that are searching for me. They’ve been looking long enough to fear that I might be gone and that it was important for them to stay together.
The captain is livid, relieved, and sorrowful all at the same time. I absorb a heated lecture from him. I get in a faint, remorseful word every now and again, but I can never make my selfishness right. When he’s finished yelling, my father searches my bloodshot eyes for permission to hold me. He hugs me tightly. I wait for him to tell me that it’s going to be okay, but he doesn’t. He wouldn’t lie to me—he doesn’t know whether it will be.
“This isn’t over, Sydney. We’re going to go back in the morning and regroup, but we’re not giving up on her, and we’re not allowing them Cy and Decklin’s lives without vengeance.”
I don’t argue this. Crewe is missing on his own accord and Della is of no use behind a weapon. That leaves only the captain, Galvesten, and I, a feeble force for putting forth a fight at the barrier. Trying to attack now would be suicide.
“Dad!” I blurt when I realize the decision Crewe beat me to hours ago. I was wrong when I pictured him on a Lame Deer mountainside, swearing and lashing out at whatever his broken heart felt like destroying. He hasn’t been mourning for the last few hours—he’s been burning with rage. “Crewe is headed for the county. I know it!”
“What?” Galvesten asks.
“He would have taken a bike,” my father reasons. He knows Crewe well, and agrees that he may have had an impulse to avenge his brother’s death, no matter what the consequence to himself, us, or Sheridan, but he doesn’t believe he went through with it. “Crewe knew you guys were coming with the van and that we’d have a way back,” my father argues. “If he had it in his head to attack, he would have rode.”
“No,” I argue. “That’s what he wants us to think. He didn’t take a bike so we’d assume he’s stayed close and just needs to be alone. That’s not what he’s up to. We have to find him and stop him!”
“She could be right, Captain,” Galvesten frets.
“I know,” my father decides. He regrets that he hadn’t thought of this possibility earlier. 
“He could have made it fifteen miles by now,” Galvesten points out.
“But we know which direction,” I say, “and we have the bikes and the van so we can spread out and cover more ground.”
“Stop,” the captain orders when the rest of us start moving. “He’s either already there or…” My father doesn’t finish the sentence but we all know the thought—or he was detected and has already joined his brother in death.
“How could he be there already?” Galvesten focuses on the former, not wanting the latter to be true.
“Crewe’s smart. He wouldn’t give them a day’s worth of walking to pick him up. Abandoned vehicles surround us. If he were going to go, he’d have hotwired himself one long ago. He knows how to find the supplies he’d need; he’s been doing it for years.”
“So what do we do, Captain?” Della asks sheepishly. I am wondering this myself. I speculated that Crewe’s solo undertaking could be a possibility when I realized it would be suicide for anyone to go back in tonight. In that moment, I understood that could be exactly what Crewe might look for in wake of his brother’s death. That and any havoc he could inflict on anyone he suspects was involved in the fire that happened within the barrier earlier.
“We spend time now looking for him around here, just to be sure. We want to make it back home before dawn, so we give him until about 4:30 to turn up. If we haven’t found him, we leave him behind.”
“Dad,” I plead, but I don’t know what else to add to that. I can’t argue Crewe’s case at all because my father is absolutely right. We need to head back while it’s dark, and sooner rather than later. For a moment, I consider asking if I can go after him alone. The bikes can’t be that hard to learn to drive, and the route has to be simple—there isn’t a lot of infrastructure in these parts. But then I decide that I can’t try to save Crewe’s life if it will mean one less person would survive to regroup and battle for Evvie’s return. I choose her. 
“He made his choice, Sydney. I love Crewe like a son, but I can’t allow any more bloodshed in vain. Let’s go look for him and hope Sydney’s wrong. Della, you stay and monitor Alix.”
“Just me?” Della asks with concern.
“Sydney, I’m going to have you stay here too, but Della, you’re going to have to handle yourself. Can you handle posting her with a loaded weapon?” he asks me. I nod. Cy was a good teacher. I can arm Della. “Okay. You take one too and stay close to the college. If he’s near and just having a hard time, he may come to you. He may also be stubborn, so look around some.”
“Galv, let’s check in with Della about every hour,” my father continues. “Della, if it’s been an hour and a half at any point and you haven’t seen us, yell for Sydney.” Della nods. “Don’t come looking for us,” my father tells me. “Call Merick, get in the van, and drive.” He tosses me the cell phone. “Why don’t you call Merick and brief him after you get Della set.” 
“Okay,” I nod. “Dad,” I say as he turns away. “I… I love you.” My father takes hold of my shoulder, leans down, and kisses me on the forehead.
“I love you too,” he says. He and Galvesten jog back toward the bikes at the entrance to the college. They’re already gone by the time Della and I reach the store of weaponry in the foul-smelling van. As I imagined, while I grieved their loss in solitude, my father found the strength to come to terms with the death of his men and alone bore the burden to put them to eternal rest. 



The others file out of the upstairs room slowly, but my dad and I remain. Collectively, we have decided that no other leaders or seeksmen should go into Miles in effort to rescue Evvie or Crewe, who has still not returned. The others have agreed that my father and I are allowed to go in independently if we wish to continue the battle for her. We set a precedent minutes ago that family cannot be denied the right to fight for their loved ones. 
This formalization doesn’t matter much for other seeksmen. Crewe has no family left and Jerus never had one to begin with. As far as I know, Merick is the only seeksmen who has a family here in Sheridan, but they have not been trained as part of our force, so the directive doesn’t apply to them.
I am now officially part of the battalion. My father could not keep me away for all of his effort. The others brought up good points about how I’ve been giving myself the physical training that they were required to complete. I’ve spent years preparing myself to be the fastest and the strongest that I can be. They also agreed that I’ve had a worthy crash course in combat experience over the last few days. That’s something most of the others never had. Galvesten recounted my precision behind a weapon from the evening that we practiced before Evvie made the jump. Cy would have praised my natural ability even more.
Cy’s funeral is only a few hours away. We buried Decklin yesterday, but decided to wait on Cy’s to give Crewe one more day to return. We could hold off on the funeral forever and Crewe might never come. At some point, we may have to hold a funeral for him. We might have to assume he met death two nights ago before we even realized he was heading straight for it. 
“What do you think has become of them?” I ask my father. 
“Evvie and Crewe?” he asks.
“And Jerus too,” I add, although I have no real concern for him.
“I believe two of them are alive and well. The third, I’m not so sure about.
Somehow I know that he didn’t answer my question in respective order. Crewe is the soldier that he fears may not be well or may not be alive. I fear the same thing. “Was Crewe or Jerus wounded at all like the others?” I ask.
“No. Not at all. Something is amiss about the way they fired on us, and I’m still toying with the possible reasoning.”
“What do you mean?” I ask him.
“Jerus and I rode on one flank, Crewe and Alix were in the center, and Cy and Decklin were on the other flank. The BOTs came out from all sides, but their fire was all directed to one place.”
“Toward Cy and Decklin?” It doesn’t make sense to me. Why would they have been aiming at those two noble-hearted, young soldiers?
“Yes, sort of. More specifically, away from Jerus and me,” my father says. “I’m trying to figure out if it had to do with me or with Jerus.”
“Why would they avoid firing at either of you?” I ask. Wouldn’t they want to take out Sheridan’s most experienced leaders first? I can’t understand why their aim wasn’t opposite.
“They can’t use Evvie to blackmail me if I’m dead.”
“Blackmail?” I wonder out loud. “What do they want from you?” 
He shrugs. “Our town probably, and the others. They want their authority restored. Jerus’ action is what troubles me though. Now I haven’t said anything to Merick yet, so keep this to yourself, Sydney.” He continues without assurance from me that I won’t leak the information. My father trusts me. “I felt Jerus’ arms go up in surrender before we broke the barrier, before a single BOT member came out from their hiding spot.”
“How did Jerus know they were there?”
“I don’t know for sure whether he did, and if he did, I don’t know how. They came out from everywhere the instant we crossed into the barrier. Instinctively, all three bikes made a hairpin turn to try to get away. Then the firing began. Jerus jumped off the back of our bike into Miles’ hands. In that instant, I thought maybe he was taking a bullet for me, but it was clear later that we went unscathed while the others were hit.”
My father’s voice breaks. He doesn’t have to picture the event like I do. He was there. He saw it, and will probably always remember it. He can see the bullets making contact with Cy and Decklin, their faces pale and frozen in shock.
“Do you think Jerus set you up?”
“It seems likely.” He tenses. “It’s the only explanation for what happened in there.”
“Where did the fire come from?” I pry. If the bullets were a difficult memory for my father to relive, the fire will be harder. I know this, but I want to know what happened out there, and he’s talking about it now. 
“I’m not sure. It all happened so fast. I’m not sure if they were hit with heavier artillery or if a bullet hit the gas tank and sparked the explosion. I don’t know how Alix had the presence of mind to pull Cy off the front of the bike. The BOTs weren’t fifty feet away from where we abandoned the destroyed bike and regrouped to ride away with our wounded. They could have finished all of us then, but they didn’t. They watched us. Then they dispersed. I think they wanted us to return defeated and scarred. They wanted their message to reach the rest of our force and Sheridan’s civilians. I’m afraid they won’t have any reason to withhold fire from Crewe if he went asking for it.”
Just as I thought, my father believes Jerus is the seeksmen that is alive and well. Jerus, a spy and a traitor. My sister is also alive and well but only because she is collateral. My father believes Evvie will live in exchange for the freedom of Sheridan’s remaining two hundred forty-seven people now that we’re down Evvie, two departed seeksmen, and Crewe Davids.
“Dad, I understand that you’re unable to save Evvie’s life if it will mean harm to Sheridan and the other refugee towns. This is truly another world out here, and I do believe in its preservation, but I can’t let anything bad happen to her. She won’t stay well if we don’t act as they want us to.”
“I know. Sydney, my heart was broken when I found out everything that I put you through by not coming for you and your mother. After you told me, I decided that I would never let a single tragedy befall my daughter again. That’s why I couldn’t let you go with us on the last mission, and why I’m not going to allow it now.”
“You can’t stop me,” I protest. “I mean, we all just decided—”
“Forget the precedent,” he interjects. “I’m not ordering this as the captain—I’m begging it as your father. Don’t make me suffer failing you anymore than I already have. I will go for her, Sydney. I excused myself from going after you and your mother for all of those years because I didn’t know of anything bad happening to you. That was foolish of me, and I know better now. You’re right, Evvie won’t remain unharmed long if we don’t act. I won’t repeat the same mistake with Evvie that I made with you. I still have the chance to be a good father to her and to try to make some gains with you by protecting you both.”
“You don’t need to protect me,” I tell him. “I have been on my own forever, and that hasn’t changed just because I’ve learned that you’re alive. Evvie is my only world like I am yours. I can’t fail her either, you see? You do need to go, but I need to go with you.”
“I am begging you for the chance to save you both. I am asking you to trust me, to trust that there is hope left in your world too. Let me do this, Sydney. Let me try to save both of my girls. Your sister won’t be the same without you. You want what’s best for her, but don’t you see that you’re it? She needs you, Sydney. You have to let me go alone.”
My father makes a strong point. What will life be like for Evvie without me here? She’ll mourn my death and be guilt-ridden by the loss of lives in her name. I wouldn’t be here to tell her that it’s not her fault. She’ll be the symbol of walking agony in Sheridan. She’ll be ruined to lose me just as I would be ruined to lose her. My father is right. I have to let someone else do my job this time. I have to trust that he’ll protect her. 
“Okay,” I agree. “I’ll stay.” My father is surprised by my decision, but he’s glad of it.
“I’ll go tomorrow morning. I want to make sure that you stay safe tonight.” I agree to this. Even if I did feel safe alone there, I would not want to sleep in the little house that Evvie had begun arranging for us without her. I’ve felt secure with my father, and have even afforded a few hours of sleep. 
“Dad? Can you show me where Decklin lived and maybe the Davids too?” I wish I could do these things alone, but I know that my father doesn’t plan to leave my side until tomorrow morning.
We walk together toward the other hub of Sheridan, where the citizens have settled back into their normal routines at the school, hospital, and in their homes. Interestingly, we talk about my mother. He paints a beautiful picture of the woman she was. I wish I had known her the way he did. I wish her life hadn’t caved the way it did. She may have been like Crewe and Cy’s mother underneath all of her troubles. She may have deeply loved Evvie and me, but didn’t know how to effectively protect us from the truths that haunted her. 
When we arrive at Decklin’s home, my father allows me to go in alone. He sits down on the cement step and pulls a slip of paper and an ink pen from a pocket inside of his jacket. I wonder if my father always wears his camouflage, which is genuine army wear unlike the hunting gear that many of the others wear. I like that he wears it. The people of Sheridan need a constant symbol of capable protection. 
There is a busy-bodied woman inside the house when I enter. She is clattering things in the open kitchen. I plan to just scoot by, but she turns and sees me.
“Oh, hello there,” she says. “Are you looking for something?”
“I’m Sydney Harter,” I begin to explain. 
“I know,” she says. “I was in the hospital a couple of nights ago when you came for Della.” 
“Oh,” I say. Her tone makes me feel guilty all over again for the way that I frightened the children that the adults were trying to keep calm and asleep. “Decklin wanted me to have something of his.”
“Okay. Well, I’ve already packed a few boxes, but you’re welcome to anything you like.” I wonder who this woman was to Decklin. Most of the Sheridan inhabitants are without biological families, but they seem to form little family units anyhow. This woman wouldn’t be old enough to be Decklin’s real mother, but it seems she may have taken on a motherly role to him.  
“He said I could find what I’m looking for in his bedroom.”
“Second door on the right,” she tells me. “Take as long as you need. I’ll just be packing up in here.” She smiles weakly and gets back to her packing. I feel her sorrow. She has also lost someone close to her. 
I slide the Bible out from Decklin’s neatly kept bed. It has a red leather covering and gold edging around the thin pages. I begin to flip through the marked pages, searching on the side for a label indicating Isaiah. I like how the pages flop heavily together as I flip them, and the antiquated aroma that results from the action. It’s been a long time since I’ve opened a real book.
A few months ago, Evvie brought over a printed yearbook that Merideth had ordered for her, complete with a picture and electronic autographed stamp that each student in her class section had created. She brought the book along on her overnight. I picked it up to look at it, but she decided we should look through the online yearbook on the media screen, that way we would be able to hear the music and voiceovers, see the animations that accompanied each student’s seal, and watch the video portion. The book was garbage in comparison with what the online yearbook held. Even then, Evvie was disappointed when she remembered that my old media screen didn’t have three-dimensional projection capabilities. 
I like having this book in my hands. My voice can’t command that the book find for me what I’m looking for, and that’s okay. I enjoy having to search for the section that I need among the folded corners and ribbons that mark Decklin’s favorite verses. 
A green ribbon marks chapter forty-nine of the book of the prophet Isaiah. It reads:

Listen to me, oh coastlands;
hear this, you distant nations:
Before I was born, the Lord called me;
from my mother’s womb, he gave me my name.
He made me a sharp-edged sword,
and concealed me in the shadow of his arm;
he made me into a polished arrow,
and in his quiver he hid me.
You are my servant, He said to me,
through whom I will display my glory.
Though I thought I had toiled to no purpose;
that I had spent my strength in vain,
Yet what is to come is in the Lord’s hands,
and my reward is with my God.
For now the Lord has spoken,
who formed me in the womb to be his servant
that Jacob may be brought back to him
and Israel gathered to him,
For I am glorious in the sight of the Lord,
and God is now my strength.
It is too little, he says, for you to be my servant
to raise up the tribes of Jacob
and bring back those of Israel I have kept.
I will also make you a light to the nations,
that you may bring my salvation to the ends of the earth.

Thank you, Decklin. He has passed onto me his inspiration to persevere through this battle to end the oppression of humanity inside the counties. He has found God’s ancient words to hold as much relevance to today’s struggle as it carried when it was written about Jacob and Israel. The only trouble is that we do not have a Jacob. I don’t believe our leader will raise the other refugee towns to face the counties. We do not have faith that we can win—God with us or not.
I decide to take Decklin’s Bible with me. He wanted me to have it. The woman is no longer in the kitchen. As I exit, I find her outside speaking with my father.
“Sydney, this is Gwen,” my father introduces. “She works at the laundromat. I’m going to have you start working there tomorrow.”
“But what about your trip?” I ask him, being careful to code my question in front of this woman. He can’t expect me to be away from Merick, who will have the other cell phone to communicate with him. How can I do anything but wait while my father faces the lethal BOTs to try and save my sister?
“You’re leaving us?” the woman asks. The question isn’t casual. She was there in the hospital when I rushed Della along, telling her that people were dying. She’s been packing up the belongings of one of the deceased for whom she cared deeply. Like any of the people of Sheridan, she is scared to have the captain go.  
“Everything will be fine. Sheridan is safe,” my father assures her. “Sydney, I don’t know how long I’m going to be gone. Working might help you remove yourself from some of the worry.”
“He’s right; it does help,” Gwen says. Of course it helps her worries, but we’ve kept from her where my father is really going. The caliber of my apprehension can’t just be forgotten. “Plus, I could use the help.”
My father decides to invite Gwen to join us for lunch. We go back to our place to stuff two towels into a backpack that my father wears. Each of us carries a box filled with Decklin’s belongings back toward town. Gwen is going to wash up all the items, clothing and otherwise, and return them to the storehouse by the lot. All of his personal things will be divided among random members of the community who have need for something he used to own. 
We decide to eat in the restaurant above where Sheridan’s militia meets. That’s what I’ve decided to call our force now. Seeksmen is not fitting, as seeking has been halted until further notice, and many members of our force were never seeksmen. The word army also doesn’t fit a crew as small as ours. Militia is the best fit. We are a tiny band of soldiers. Now short the former members who have passed away, we are not even a battalion.
I find the restaurant uncomfortable and eerie. I have never seen it besides in the nighttime and early morning hours when it has been empty and despairing. Also, I’m repeatedly catching people staring at me. Everyone here knows each other, but no one knows me. I’m the outsider. Upon our homecoming, these citizens stopped in their tracks to greet and welcome my sister and me. Now, no one approaches me to introduce themselves. 
I’m a plague to be feared. I’ve brought terror to their town, to their children. If that’s not the reason their eyes avoid me when I glance at any of the ones who stare, it’s because they pity my burden and my losses. Evvie’s not even dead, as far as I believe, but already I’m a symbol of misery. 
After lunch, we all get cleaned up for Cy’s funeral. It turns out that a lot of others have the same idea. The showers are crowded and the nearby streets are bustling as people come to this side of town to prepare to say goodbye to a son of Sheridan.
My father and I walk among many others toward the church that connects the two sides of the town. Children and teachers were released from school at noon today due to the heroic big brother they lost, the dashing young soldier from whom they all felt honored to receive a smiling high-five. I can’t imagine anyone will stay behind while Cy Davids is being remembered, except for the person who knew him best, his brother Crewe.
Once the town seems assembled and comfortable at the graveside service, my father leaves my side and walks to the other side of Cy’s casket to face us. He pulls the paper I saw earlier from the breast pocket of his suit jacket. He takes a deep breath and looks up at the devoted crowd before him. 
“I spent a good portion of time yesterday trying to figure out how to begin Cy’s eulogy. How do you speak to a mass of people about a son you dearly loved, who had a better heart than anyone you knew? Often times these things begin with a statement like: If you knew Cy Davids like I did. But the problem with that statement is that I already know that you did. Every one of you knew Cy like I knew him because that was Cy. There were no such things as strangers to him, and all of you gathered here to honor and remember him today are testaments to that.”
“I want to tell you all a story about the day that I met Cy. He was twelve years old then and had been living in the orphanage in Miles County. He had lost his father, a firefighter, to a heroic act that saved the lives of many. For the next year while he mourned his father’s death, he watched his mother become increasingly helpless to the cancer that spread in her. During the time that Cy was in the orphanage, he was abused on a regular basis by a boy older than him and Crewe.”
“I didn’t believe those things could be true when Crewe told it to me soon after their escape. I doubted it because the day that I met Cy…” my father pauses to regain his composure, “he was a little kid made up of smiles. Now tell me, what could someone who has gone through such torture possibly have to smile about?”
“During the car ride back to Sheridan, the boisterous twelve-year old asked me what I was searching for in the woods around Miles. When I told him that I was searching for my daughter, the scrawny, pure-hearted boy told me that he would help me find her. Cy Davids kept that promise, and even then simply finding her was not enough. With his genuine charm, he carved a channel into the hardened heart of my daughter, who faced her own demons through childhood. He brought my daughter back to me, and taught her to smile again.”
The lump in my throat makes it impossible to swallow. I did not know all the hardship Cy had experienced as a young boy. My father is right to tell this account to illustrate what a miraculous soul he had to be the person he was despite his past. The captain had saved Cy from his nightmare, and so he would be forever loyal to him, beginning as a small child and extending to the day that he died for us.
“Two days ago, Cy was the first one to volunteer to go after my daughter, who he had known for only a day. She was the closest thing to a stranger that Cy had known, and he willingly gave his life for her. That’s the man that Cy Davids was. He was a hero and a man his father would have been unbelievably proud of. I know I was.”
“I’m going to ask two things of all of us here today; two things that I think Cy would ask us to do. Firstly, he would ask us to pray for two people. One is my youngest daughter, Evvie. I know that even in death, he would still feel an obligation to send protection to her. The other is his beloved brother, Crewe. Let’s pray that he makes it home to us safely, and is able to take steps to cope with the absence of the best presence in his life.”
“The second thing I believe Cy would want is for us to keep alive the exceptional humanity that resided in him. Abide by the rule he lived by. Never let any person stay a stranger. Find a reason to smile and to be good to each other. There is nothing too depressing, too overwhelming, to turn your smile over to. Keep it alive. Keep the spirit of Cy Davids alive in your hearts and in your actions.”
My father unfolds an American flag that sits atop the casket. He smoothes it and beholds the stars and stripes that Cy and the people of Sheridan still believe in. He salutes the casket in a militaristic manner. I notice that a few others throughout the crowd do the same.
After the casket is lowered, my father scoops a shovel full of dirt from the place where Cy now lies. He says a few inaudible words, and lets the dirt fall from the blade. My father hands the shovel to me and walks away from the gathering. I thank Cy one last time and place my scoop of earth next to my father’s, over Cy’s heart. I pass the shovel to Rico, who has come up next. Galvesten and Merick take a step forward. Others begin shuffling through the waiting citizens. Rico releases his dirt, and walks on like my father did. This is the tradition for saying goodbye in Sheridan. I wish Crewe were here to take part in it.



Merick is sleeping on the couch when I wake up in the morning. The sun is up, which means my father has already arrived at the barrier. 
I quietly search for paper and a pen to write Merick a note saying where I have gone. I don’t want to give him a fright like the one I gave my father, Galvesten, and Della when I wanted to be alone after Cy’s death. I add ‘please keep me informed’ on the note and rest it on top of the cell phone Merick has placed next to his pillow. 
I’m not sure if by my father’s standards I am allowed to walk to the laundromat by myself, but he has to concede some forms of independence to me. 
Merick was comfortable enough with my safety to fall heavily asleep, so I don’t worry about being snatched by a BOT as I walk down the quiet streets in the fresh morning air. Something like that wouldn’t happen in daylight. Though my father feels differently, I wouldn’t mind being taken by a BOT because it would mean being taken to Evvie. 
“Good morning, Sydney,” the already working Gwen greets as I arrive.
“Hi!” shouts a little girl. She has blonde hair like Gwen, but hers is stick-straight, unlike Gwen’s tight curls.
“This is my daughter, Lysia.”
“Lysandria,” she whines, upset that her mother did not introduce her properly. “It’s a combination of Lysander and Alexandria. Do you know who Lysander is? It’s from Shakespeare,” she answers before I’ve had a chance to tell her that I do. My father’s name, Demetri, stems from a character’s name from the same story.
“Actually, Sydney, I’m supposed to meet Rico in a half hour at the hospital and I’d like to stop by the school first. Would you be comfortable watching Lysandria for a while? I won’t be long with Rico, just long enough to load the rest of Decklin’s boxes onto the cart and haul it to this side of town.”
“Sure,” I say hesitantly, “but couldn’t we help?” 
“Rico has that covered. I’d actually love it if we could get these loads all flipped while I’m gone. Lysia knows how. She can show you and she will help you,” Gwen warns her daughter.
“I know, I know,” Lysia snaps. This one seems like a little handful. I think Crewe said something about that once. He said Gwen struggles to keep up with laundry because of that kid. This must be her. I don’t want to stay here and have this little one pry into everything that’s happening in my life, but I don’t see what choice I have.
“Thank you, Sydney, and I’ll be back soon.”
Lysia doesn’t allow a beat of silence as her mother exits the laundromat. “Guess why she has to stop by the school?” she says.
“Why?” I bite.
“I’m suspended,” she grins mischievously. I don’t doubt that judging by her gregariousness. It explains why she is at her mother’s work instead of school on a Friday morning. 
“How old are you?” I ask. She seems too little to have done anything serious enough to get in trouble.
“I’m eight. Aren’t you going to ask what I did?” she plays.
“I’m sure you’ll tell me,” I say. A pinch of humor rises in me. Like my father suggested in Cy’s eulogy, I found a simple reason to smile today, despite not knowing what is happening to him and my sister inside Miles County.
“I threw a bucket of crayons at another kid’s face.” Clearly, Lysia isn’t remorseful about the action. I can’t imagine such a young little girl committing such an infraction. Cyber bullying was the only real problem instruction monitors had to face with their students on EduWeb. I imagine behavior management is more of a struggle in a traditional school environment.
“He said that my illustration sucked.”
“Hey,” I scold automatically. 
“Fine, he said it was ugly,” she corrects her language. “She’s going to the school so she can tell the principal that I did it because I was mad and sad about my uncle dying.”
Did Decklin have a real family here? I suppose Gwen could be Decklin’s older sister. Decklin had curly hair too, but much more loosely wound than Gwen’s and stark opposite in color. “I’m sorry about your uncle. I was sad to lose him too. He was a good friend.”
“Yeah,” she sighs. “Your dad made a good talk at his funeral.”
“Oh, Cy’s?” I ask. It hurts to say his name, even in a light conversation with a child.
“Yeah,” she says. “My uncle’s. My mom let me put in her scoop of dirt too so I got to put in two.”
Oh, so Decklin didn’t have a family after all. I know Gwen isn’t Cy and Crewe’s blood relative, but I can see why Lysia might call Cy her uncle. There are probably loads of kids who think of him that way. It might not bother me coming from other children, but I don’t like the way this little one refers to Cy as her uncle, especially when she says that she got to put in two scoops of dirt. Those scoops were used to bury my best friend. This energetic, desensitized girl has no right to talk about him like he was hers. “Why don’t you start showing me what we need to do around here?” I suggest, changing the subject.
“It really sucks that he died, huh?” 
“Lysia, I’d rather not talk about it,” I stifle the conversation. I do prefer that this forward child is telling it like it is rather than saying that it will get better and that everything will be okay. I would be more upset by something like that, but I still can’t handle talking with her about it at all.
“You’re not going to tell Gwen that I swore, are you?” she asks with no real concern in her eyes.
“I will if you do it again,” I decide.
“Oh no,” she mocks. I’m going to have to muster a lot of patience and tolerance today. I don’t know how I’m going to manage that when I’m already on edge about my father’s mission.
Lysia jumps down off an old, top-loading washing machine and goes over to a front-loading one that has stopped spinning. “This one is an H-E,” she explains. “That means it gets done faster so I always have to watch for it first.” What it actually means is that it is a high-efficiency machine, like the ones on the inside, only those serve as both washers and dryers. 
The transitions building in Sector Seven where I lived has as many machines as I see here, even though it had only about a third of the residents that Sheridan has. Our machines take just over five minutes to wash and dry, but Lysia tells me some of these take up to a half an hour for each job. I can understand why one person is assigned to do the town’s laundry rather than them coming in casually to do it themselves. The machines have to be in constant use, run efficiently according to like colors and appropriate load sizes, for the town to stay looking presentable.
Lysia is explaining how each household writes their number on the tag of each of their clothing items when Merick walks in looking for me. I come out from a row of stacked machines and a little shadow follows me.
“We need to talk,” Merick says, rubbing his hands together. 
“What is it?” I ask him frantically.
“Lysia, go find your mom,” Merick instructs. He doesn’t talk to her as if she's the young child that she is. I suppose adults don’t use that type of tone with this one. 
“She ain’t here,” Lysia says.
“I’m watching her,” I say. It’s as strange to Merick’s ears as it is foreign on my lips. He either agrees that I am not fit to keep a child company, or he is equally as surprised as I was that I’ve been asked to watch this little girl after just being introduced to her.
“Alright, you go do what you’ve been told,” he tells her. “Sydney, let’s just step outside here.” Lysia stomps her foot and crosses her arms appallingly across her chest, but she stays put when I walk outside the door. Before Merick begins talking, I see her ear pressed against the glass from the inside. I decide not to do anything about it. I need to hear what’s happened, now.
“First of all, I should tell you that your father isn’t where you think he is.”
“What?” I ask. Did my own father lie to me? Did he tell me that he would go for her so that I wouldn’t?
Merick reads the betrayal on my face and stifles my questioning quickly. “He got a call late last night from Braves. Crewe is alive.” 
Thank you, God. Thank you. One of my heroes still lives. Now I can keep my postmortem promise to Cy. I can look after his brother. I can start by apologizing for telling Crewe that I hated him. From there, I can search to find little reasons to make him smile so that slowly, I can help heal the hole in his heart.
“You were right, Sydney. He had gone toward the county with his anger ablaze, but when he got there, he realized it wouldn’t be what Cy would have wanted. Cy wouldn’t want to see his brother die in vain like he did. He slept at the safe house. In the morning, he headed for Braves. Crewe didn’t think that your father would want to lose more lives, so he hoped that he could convince Braves and his troops to enter the fight with him instead.”
“Braves knew we were looking for Crewe because I called him to tell him the situation after you called me from Lame Deer. Crewe was hotheaded and threatened that he’d go on his own if Braves got on the phone to call us. I guess that’s what Crewe ended up doing last night anyway, after Braves told him for a final time that he would not send his men. Apparently, there was a drawn-out, high-speed car chase and wreckage that finally enabled Braves to cuff Crewe and bring him in. Your dad went to Braves to try to talk some sense into Crewe so that we can bring him home.”
We were due for a piece of good news. I’m glad to hear that Crewe is alive, but unfortunately his stunt has delayed my father from pursuing Evvie, and every moment the level of danger surrounding her increases.
“Does Crewe know my father’s plan?”
“Yes, but he’s lost his head. Crewe has always been protective of the people, and has been able to set aside his own desires and think about what is best for Sheridan. Now, he’s demanding that he go along and that they basically blow up everything, and everyone, in their path. He’s angry. He has every right to be, but it’s made him the new largest threat to Sheridan and to the other refugee towns.”
“So have their doctors stick a needle into his neck. We need to get both of them back here so that my dad can go where he needs to go. We’re wasting precious time, Merick.”
“Actually, Sydney, that’s a great idea. We can keep him cuffed and give him time to process here, in Sheridan. I’ll call and make the suggestion in case none of them have thought of it yet. Will you be here if I need you later?”
“I suppose so,” I answer.
“Alright,” he says. He pulls the cell phone out of his pocket and dials as he walks across the street.
“What was that about?” Lysia begs the instant the door chimes. “Is he alive?”
She knows an awful lot about everything that’s going on for an eight-year-old, but then again, I blurted to the entire hospital, children included, exactly what was happening a few nights ago. Since then, I’m sure her mother hasn’t been able to keep her prying and persistent questions unanswered. 
“If you’re talking about Crewe, then yes,” I tell her. I feel so relieved and so good to say so.
“Is he okay?” she asks with desperation and genuine fear, which I find curious coming from her.
“He’s fine,” I answer her. She instantly envelops me in a tight hug as high as her height reaches.
“Crewe is very special to you too, huh?” I ask the little girl still latched around me.
“Well yeah. He’s my dad.” 
The conviction with which she says this is unsettling to me, even though I know it can’t be true. Gwen must be a single mother. Lysia’s father was either never in the picture or fell from it when she was little. Maybe he passed away or was left behind in a county. If that’s so, she has chosen a good fatherly figure. A little young, I’ll say, especially for Gwen, but worthy all the same.
Lysia can tell that I don’t take her statement as truth, and is offended. “It’s true. Gwen is not my mom. I’m adopted.” 
Now a strange concern grows in me. Crewe is too young to be this little girl’s father. He would have just arrived in Sheridan, fresh from the orphanage around the time she was born. I just don’t see it. Crewe wouldn’t be seeking a dangerous job the way he does if he had a daughter, however crazy she may be.
“Oh! I’ll let you guess who my real mom is!” Lysia exclaims. Now I’m utterly lost and confused in this little girl’s dream. She is pulling my leg all over the place. “She gave me up for adoption because she was really young when she had me, and Gwen says that she wanted me to have a better life than she could give me.”
Children do say the wildest things, but this story feels too real to be make-believe. “I haven’t met that many people in Sheridan yet,” I admit.
“Yeah, but you’ve met my mom,” she says excitedly. “I’ll give you a clue. Part of my name comes from her name.” I wrack my brain for what I can, but I can’t think of any women other than Dellaphine, whose name does not fit into Lysandria. “It’s the second part of my name,” she reveals. I think for another moment, but Lysia has no patience with me. “You were with her just yesterday morning,” she says, rolling her eyes. I’m still perplexed. “She’s a seeksmen,” Lysia says. There is only one female seeksmen.
“Alix,” I say flatly.
“Alixandria,” she emphasizes. “She and Crewe dated for a couple of years, but they don’t anymore.”
She was telling the truth. Crewe Davids has a daughter. She is here, with me. This is the eight-year-old, jabbering daughter of Alix, who Crewe used to date. I am shocked. 
I am angrier than usual the rest of the day, which probably doesn’t make a good first impression on Gwen, especially since Lysia and I did nothing during the time that she was gone. I’m cross because it’s easier and more natural to me than the emotion that I really feel. I’m crushed.
I never expected this. I thought Crewe and I were so much the same. Now I’ve found out about a daughter that he never mentioned. I don’t feel as though I know Crewe Davids anymore, and I hope I can reconstruct a desire to keep the promise to his brother, Lysia’s uncle Cy.



When I wake up I realize the sun has not risen, but I have no idea what time it is. I go to the couch in the living room, and am surprised to find it empty. If Merick is not here, that can only mean one thing—my father is home.
I tiptoe back down the hallway to the bedroom across from the one I’ve been sleeping in. I turn the doorknob slowly and silently usher it open. My eyes have adjusted enough to the darkness to realize that there is no bodily form lying on the bed. I’m alone. 
I am very surprised at this, so much so that I immediately believe that something is wrong. My heartbeats pick up pace and pressure. I turn the generator that rests between the kitchen and living room on and flick on the living room lights. The blanket Merick was using is missing from the couch, but then I see it folded sloppily on the floor. There is a note on the kitchen table. Gone to babysit Crewe. Come over on your lunch break. I wish a name had been signed to it, because I don’t know if this is my dad’s hand or Merick’s.
I decide that I want to run this morning. Out of habit, I put on the same dark gear that I would wear each time I was planning to breach the electric barrier. I pull my snarled hair into a tight ponytail, and secure my long, unruly bangs back with my turquoise headband, the only splash of color against my stealthy shell. 
I haven’t gone for a run in almost a week, since the never-ending one from the perimeter of Miles County to the station several miles away after we secured my sister. We put forth so much effort, and now everything we accomplished that night has been lost. 
I haven’t been around the homes on this side of Sheridan much yet, but it’s so small that it can’t be difficult to maneuver. I only run a few streets when I decide that I have a destination that I want to run to. If I ever learned where Crewe’s house was, it would be there. Instead, I decide to run to the restaurant to see if my father happens to be there. I want to urge my father along and ask him to take me to Crewe. 
I’ve always been able to run hard on my outings, propelled by the thought that someday I might need to be ready to, for Evvie’s sake and mine. That day has come but it hasn’t passed. I’m able to push myself even harder now, knowing exactly what the BOTs of Miles are capable of, and the fact that they have captured my sister.
I arrive at the restaurant in a matter of minutes. The door is open, so I let myself in. I call up the stairs, but there is no answer. Back in Lame Deer, my father told me to check for Crewe in the nearby residences. He didn’t mean for me to simply call for him, but to go in and search. The stubbornness my father knew Crewe would possess then has not changed. If he’s being held here, he won’t answer me.
I have the same uneasy anticipation as I walk up the narrow stairwell that I had as I entered each of the dark and deserted homes in Lame Deer. I expect to see Crewe dejected, head down, and cuffed to one of the tables that he could easily drag carelessly through the doorway, down the stairs, and out of the restaurant. When I look in, my image of Crewe and my father sitting or sleeping nearby is not matched. The room is empty.
Disappointed, I head back down the stairs. I decide that my run is only one-third of the way through, because I’ll need to run back home to gather clothing and a towel so that I can run back here to shower. This showering situation in Sheridan is such an inconvenience, but not one that bothers me this morning. I want to keep running.
After my shower, I stuff my saturated running gear into the backpack that my father used yesterday. The air feels especially chill as I step out of the showering commune with cold, wet hair. I scrub my hair around in the damp towel and shove it into the backpack. 
My emotions are taut when I see Lysia, Crewe’s daughter, in the laundromat again today. It’s Saturday, which I suppose is a day off for children in a traditional school. Crewe’s daughter will be here tomorrow too. She’ll become a regular presence in my life here in Sheridan. 
I wonder whether Crewe will remain close to me, now that I feel less akin to him after finding out about Lysia. I don’t know anything about dating or being a real parent. Being Evvie’s guardian isn’t quite the same as having your own child. Crewe clearly has experience in realms that I do not. I can’t explain why, but he just feels different to me now. Besides my perception changing, real change has occurred in him after losing his brother. His grief and aloofness will affect him forever, even after the dangerous anger has had time to subside.
Numerous townspeople bring heaps of laundry to us because it’s Saturday. Gwen says Saturdays and Sundays are the most difficult days to keep up with the loads. Aside from them being days off for many of the laborers, I suspect that the delay at the laundromat on the weekends can also be attributed to bouncy little Lysia. She’s more of a hindrance than a help.
I feel bad taking a break for lunch when Gwen doesn’t, but I justify it to her and myself as an order from either Merick or my father, whoever left the note for me this morning. Lysia follows behind my footsteps outside of the building, despite her mother’s order to stay put. Gwen takes her by the arm and pulls her back toward the store.
“I want to see my dad!” she squeals. She follows with, “You’re not even my mom!” I’m sure this has been used on poor Gwen time and again. She seems like a great mother, but she’s had rotten luck with her adoption. I’m sure she loves Lysia for the good in her, but I’m also sure she spends a lot of time forcing herself to remember that.
Gwen’s directions to find Crewe’s home were easy to follow. I walked here very quickly, but have a difficult time taking another step toward the place that shelters him. What am I going to say to him? How can I look him in the eye and see the depths of pain and the anger that torment him? How can I expect to make anything better? I can’t.
I know the door will be open, but I don’t feel right just walking in. I want him to decide whether he’s ready to open the door to me. I knock and take a step back from the door so that he can look through the ornate glass panes on either side of the door to see that it’s me. 
Merick opens the door. So he was the one who left the note, not my father. 
He closes the door behind him and takes a seat on a bench swing on the porch. There’s a matching chair and a hammock on their front porch as well. I can picture Cy reigning the hammock, mocking an arrogant king in fun-loving way. I bet he slept out here sometimes. He would not let a warm, summer night slip through his grasp without getting the most pleasure out of it.
“Where is my dad?” I ask Merick.
“He’s not in Sheridan,” Merick answers simply. Merick looks out at the street and sways back and forth on the bench swing. I get the feeling he hasn’t embarked on his mission to rescue Evvie.
I ask the obvious question. “Where is he?”
“He’s tied up doing captain business in Braves. The leader of Idaho is traveling up to Braves tonight. They’re going to meet tomorrow to discuss forming a joint task force for a major assault on Miles. I guess Crewe brought up some valid points that have convinced Braves of a need for greater action than we’ve planned. Miles is the only county that has ever hunted down a refugee and come onto our territory to take one back. The leaders believe that we need to respond in a way that will deter other counties in Region Two from repeating the same action.”
“What about Evvie?” I ask. I don’t care what the other leaders believe or what their plans for the future are. I care about doing something to get my sister back so that she can’t be used as bait. “He was supposed to be inside already, trying to get her out! They’re wasting time talking—something needs to be done.”
“Sydney, I know this is an impossible thing for you to hear, but it can’t all be about your sister. She is the center of your world, but not Sheridan’s, and certainly not the other towns’. You have to understand that.”
This conversation and now Merick himself are intolerable. “Fine! Then I’ll go. We’ve already decided that I’m allowed—I’m family.”
“Your father doesn’t want that.”
“I don’t care what he wants,” I fire back. It’s true. He may be my father but he has no power over me. I’ve been in charge of my life and Evvie’s forever and that’s not going to change.
“You don’t even know where to find her,” Merick says, trying to reason with me. 
“Then tell me,” I argue.
“I won’t. I’m not going to encourage one, untrained girl going up against scores of BOTs.”
“Well, I’m going regardless, Merick. I’m not going to sit around and wait for them to kill my little sister. So you ought to tell me so that I have half a chance of finding her.”
“It’s suicide,” he says.
“No, if I die trying part of the responsibility is yours. Yours and my father’s since you’re doing nothing and not providing me the information that could help me bring her back.”
“It’ll never happen that way, Sydney. I’m sorry, but we won’t get her back. I wish I could say differently, but I’m telling you the truth.”
“So she’s as good as dead then? You’ve considered her a ticking time bomb all along?” I accuse. “You never believed she could be brought back here.”
“I wanted to, Sydney!” Merick’s raised voice fills me with a cold, halting feeling. “I wanted to believe in the last mission, but I couldn’t, and I couldn’t stop your father, or Cy, any of them! Look what happened, Sydney. Open your eyes! We have no power against them. What we should do is let her go so that they don’t try to use her against us. We can hope for her to be assimilated back into county society and live.” 
I know better than to believe that they’ll let her live peacefully. They want to spark something, and they’re going to harm her to get the reaction they seek. 
I’m too furious with Merick to say anything. Instead, I open the door into Crewe’s home and slam it behind me. 
I call for Crewe but he doesn’t answer. I burst through the first open doorway, still filled with rage. My heart is twisted, softened, and saddened when I come into the first bedroom. It’s Cy’s. It looks so lived in, filled with his belongings scattered about, but it lacks him.
I walk into the next room more calmly. The first thing I notice is Crewe’s strong, tanned back, hunched over on the edge of the bed facing the window. The second thing I notice is the foul smell that seeps from the small trashcan between his feet. Crewe’s body has been trying to eradicate the pain and sorrow he’s feeling, but it can’t. 
I’m reduced to tears immediately at the sight of him. I knew this would be difficult, but I had no idea of the caliber of heartbreak that sits in front of me. I found more life in the previous room than I find in this one. Crewe is defeated and deadened.
“Crewe?” I say his name as softly and cautiously as I can. The silence is stiffening. I force my feet to take careful steps around to the other side of the bed. I say his name again, but he only lowers his head. I kneel down on the floor beside the trashcan underneath him. “I’m so sorry,” I say, salty tears tickling my quivering lips. 
My heart has never ached like it does now, not even when I begged my grandmother not to leave my sister and me. It was different then, because her time had come, and I always knew it would. Even volunteering to be a seeksmen or member of the militia in Sheridan doesn’t prepare one for death like this. The threat was never real until Evvie and I arrived.
I raise my fidgeting hand from my lap and ease my trembling fingers toward Crewe’s hand which doesn’t cover his face. I barely graze his doleful fingers, hanging limply between his knees, when he swiftly pulls his hand back, forms a fist, and punches the wall in front of him.
“Merick’s right! We never should have gone. I should have known better,” he expels from between his gritted teeth. He looks ahead at nothing, his hands now trembling too.
“It’s not your fault,” I begin to tell him.
“Yes it is! I chose you over my own damn brother and now he’s dead! Oh God, he’s dead,” he sobs. His anger transforms to sorrow and he wilts in front of me. It hurts so much to see him this way that I want to leave. I can’t possibly console him because I’ve done this to him. It wasn’t his fault. None of this is his fault. It’s all mine. 
“I’m sorry,” I whisper. I promised Cy that I would look after Crewe. I am responsible for pulling him back together. With less guard, I place my hand on his warm, muscular back. 
He swallows hard and pulls himself together in an instant, but not to see me. Not to let me in to grieve with him. 
“Just go,” he says coldly. I pull my shaky hand off his back. “Leave.” 
I make no movement to do so until his tense jaw turns toward me for the first time. His eyes glower at me they way they did when he was sure that I was a spy, a traitor. The tables have been turned. Crewe Davids hates me—only he has reason to mean it.



I rush past Merick on the porch, now angrier with him than I already was. I guess I shouldn’t be, because he only helped Crewe see that Cy and Decklin’s deaths are my fault. Merick didn’t make it so, I did. He demands to know where I’m going when I hit the lawn. I don’t answer him, but continue walking away with pace. I hear him curse and get off the swing behind me so I decide I’ll need to speak to him.
“I’m not going out of Sheridan, so relax.” Merick stands on the front lawn and watches me carefully, trying to tell from my back whether I’m telling the truth. 
The neighborhood homes blur in my peripherals. No one is willing to go after my sister with her best interests in mind after losing Decklin and the beloved Cy the way we did. My father has suddenly become preoccupied with his greater duty. I am the only one left who cares about saving my little sister’s life. For five days, I’ve patiently listened to others and have gone along with their unimpressive plans while I’ve worried about what may be happening to her. It ends now. 
I rip open the hospital doors and enter briskly. “I need Galvesten,” I tell the hospital secretary flatly. She starts to mumble something about him being unavailable, but I’m sick of everyone being too busy to help me. I roll my eyes and ignore her as I begin to butt my head into rooms down the hallway. She yells some kind of protestation in my direction, but I’d like to see her try to stop me. I’m not going to be very well liked in Sheridan either, but I don’t care. When have I ever cared how anyone else feels about me? 
Finally, I find Galvesten in the middle of an ultrasound of a very pregnant woman. “Crewe punched through a wall,” I inform him. His eyes light up in alarm. 
“He’s back?” Galvesten exclaims. I guess I hadn’t realized that my father and Merick might have aimed to keep his return private so that others wouldn’t try to smother him with sympathy.
“He’s home,” I verify. “His hand or wrist might need an examination when you have the time.”
“I’ll go right after this,” he promises. “Broken bones should be set early.”
“Go now,” the pregnant woman urges. “We’re not going anywhere,” she says, patting her belly. That’s right, this is Sheridan. I was wrong to get fired up about people being too busy and absentminded to help one another. It’s only my father who is guilty of that right now.
I exit the room and head for the man I’m really here to see. I hope he’s had the strength to bring himself here after all that’s happened. The door at the end of the hall is ajar. I walk through it and close it shut behind me.
Rico Aves looks up from the computer where he is mulling over something. His eyes are sunken and his complexion paled. 
“Rico, I need your help, and I need you to promise not to tell another soul about what I am going to do.”
“What?” Rico asks, shaking his head as if he’s trying to wake himself up in order to make sense of what I have just required of him. “Sydney, I can’t promise that when I don’t know what you are trying to do,” he says.
“You have to trust me.” Now I’m wondering how I can ask him to do such an impossible thing as that. I have not proven myself trustworthy in any sense. I was right outside this same room when I first told Cy that my name was not Sydney Layton. 
I carefully decide on something to say that might pull Rico onto my side. “I need you to jump all in with me, Rico, the way that Cy would. I just need you to trust me. What I want to do puts the town in no greater danger, and I believe it will bring my sister back.”
“Why don’t you tell Merick or the captain, I mean your dad, about—?”
“Because they won’t listen, Rico. They’re delaying everything and I swear to God I will not stand by and let her die in there. You and this idea that I have are my last resort before I go in and start blowing things up.”
“Well, that certainly doesn’t sound good for Sheridan,” he says matter-of-factly. Afterward, I feel like he may have even said it with a hint of humor. “What are we doing, Sydney Harter?” he asks me, reluctant to get involved but agreeing to take a leap. I know Cy helped me on that one, so I thank him for it. I sit down in the chair at Cy’s computer station opposite Rico so that I can unravel my plan to him.
“I need you to slide one of your propaganda pieces into Miles. I don’t want to start any kind of uprising, so there’ll be no mention of my name.” I’m sure that Miles County has pronounced me dead by now. Revealing that I’m alive to the general public would certainly cause a stir. Then again, chances are that any one of the remote number of people that would happen to see it would not have known that I existed in the first place.
“You said that they only ever last for a minute,” I continue, “which means someone is shutting them down. Someone with power. Someone within. In the piece, I want you to provide a way for the county to join in a line of communication with us where I’ll state my terms.”
“What are your terms, Sydney?” Rico asks me gravely.
“I want Evvie returned to Sheridan, unconscious, so that she can’t watch me go in her place. When I see her and confirm that she is alive, I will drive willingly to the county to take her place. I’ll go wherever they tell me to go.”
“What makes you think they’ll take the deal?” Rico asks.
“They wanted me in the first place. They were expecting me when they came to abduct her. I’ll be giving them exactly what they want.”
“They’re not going to trust that you’ll come after she’s returned,” he argues.
“I’ll give them permission to bomb Sheridan if I don’t show up where I’m supposed to go.”
“Whoa!” Rico interjects. “You said this wouldn’t cause any further danger to Sheridan.”
“It won’t,” I say, standing firm.
“What if you can’t walk away from her when she returns?” I picture it for a moment. I picture Evvie lying there asleep with me by her side. We would be together again and free in Sheridan. This is just a dream. 
“I’ll have to, won’t I? I’m not afraid,” I tell him, and it’s the truth. I am not afraid anymore to give my life for Evvie. I saw in Crewe that it would be far worse to live with the regret of having not gone.
“Your father will kill me,” he says, and he’s not just using the expression. He believes my father might actually kill him for putting his little princess, the daughter he finally got back, back inside. Actually, it will be a greater transgression than that. Rico will be putting me directly into the hands of the BOTs.
“I’ll write him a letter. He’ll have to understand my choice.”
“I understand it, Sydney. I hate to be the one to help, but I understand that you have to do this.” Rico is all in with me. The man for true freedom will help me free Evvie.
“Will it be difficult to do? Will it take a lot of time?” I ask him. I want to be here if I can when someone from the county negotiates with us. I want that responsibility to be mine, not Rico’s. At the same time, I don’t want to give myself away by not returning to the laundromat in a timely manner. I’m sure Merick will send someone to check up on me since his hands are tied up with Crewe.
“Actually, I already have a lane set for that. Your dad asked me to have something ready in case he had a need to communicate with the inside.” Evvie being kidnapped didn’t present the need? I wish I didn’t feel like all of this could have been avoided. I wish I didn’t know that lives were wasted by plan A when other viable options had been considered.
“Let’s do it,” I urge Rico. He releases a downtrodden sigh and begins his fast finger-work. It looks as if he’s designing in one program and copying the encoding into another. “It doesn’t have to be fancy,” I tell him.
“No, but it has to be recognizable as one of mine if you want their system to detect its upload.” I watch Rico’s speedy fingers go to work on the coded announcement entitled A Lucrative Exchange. Underneath the title Rico writes: Send your silver sheriff badge to the number one western town, and we’ll return to you the prized, golden one. Lastly, he invites the reader to sign up today to learn more. Rico creates a forum in the module so that communication can occur between some evil headman and me.
“Are they going to understand what that means?” I ask Rico.
“Long ago, Sheridan was named the number one western town and my propaganda has been traced to Sheridan before. They’ll know it’s us. Sheriffs were in charge of towns in the Wild West, so they’ll know we’re speaking of something relative to the captain, who is in charge of our town. They should be able to decipher that the silver badge refers to Evvie, and hopefully since I wrote that we’ll return the golden one, they’ll understand that means you. Are you sure about this?”
I take a final minute to think this over. There is no turning back once I set this deal in motion. I have been left no other options. This is the way it has to be. “Do it, Rico.” He looks at me for a long moment, spins back toward his screen, and publishes the propaganda. 
Both of us stare at the flickering screen. My eyes water from forgetting to blink and from my understanding that I’ve just forfeited my right to live.
When the computer makes a noise, Rico spins around to check that the door is closed. The words on his screen read new membership request.
Rico was right. It took less than a minute for his upload to be detected by the systems and for someone to decide to join. Rico’s accepts the request and invites the user to join a private forum. 
Somewhere in the county, in a place unknown to its residents, a swarm of operatives are busy contacting the person in command, notifying them of our message, and relaying their response to us. It’s haunting to know what I imagine is not make believe. It exists within the place that I had lived my whole life.
The unknown user accepts our invitation. A blank screen sits before the two of us. 
“I want Evvie returned to Sheridan.” Rico types the words on a flat keypad almost as quickly as I say them. “I want her sound asleep for the journey and for my departure. When I see that she has been delivered safely, I, Sydney Harter, will drive willingly to Miles.” I keep my chin held high to say my final statement to the unknown user. “You may have my life in place of hers.”
The user responds with two statements: 
1. At 2:00 AM we will deliver her to the home from which we took her if the area is clear. If you try to hide soldiers in suits or under glass—she dies. 
2. Sheridan can expect complete destruction if you do not come immediately.
“One,” I say, and Rico types accordingly. “I am acting alone; it will be clear. Two, I will come.” Rico clicks to submit my response. Seconds later, the unknown operative on the other side of our private forum sends the message: See you soon, Sydney.
The words are visible just long enough to send chills down my spine. Then, all the systems in the room and the networks they are tied to short out.
“Get out of here, Sydney,” Rico orders. “Merick will learn that the cell phone isn’t working soon enough and he’ll come right over here to see if there is a threat. 
I can’t go yet. There is more I have to say. “Rico, I need you tonight. I need you to go to Evvie after the drop but stay far away beforehand,” I stress. “I need you to keep her safe.”
Rico stands up, looks me in the eye, and extends his hand to me. “Good luck, Sydney.” I shake his hand meaningfully and turn away. I don’t loiter another second in the hospital. I can’t risk anyone seeing me here and interrupting this plan. The directions were clear—if I screw this up, people die. I won’t be responsible for any more deaths, especially my sister’s.
I speed back toward the laundromat on the other side of town, but make a final pit stop before I head back to work. I cross the busy street casually and walk away from the mingling strangers toward the lot at the end of Main Street. After double-checking that no one is watching me, I sneak into the old convenience store. Good, the shop is empty.
I lift a heavy jerrican from the shelf and quickly race it outside to an old, beaten red truck. Hiding behind the truck, I unscrew the fuel cap as I’ve seen the others do and let the gas spill from the jerrican can into the tank. I lug the heavy can into the truck bed. I want to be overly prepared so that I make it to Miles as I’ve promised. I walk low and swiftly toward the building, and then casually turn the corner. 
“Sydney!” My heart stops as a familiar girlish voice shouts my name from down the street. A blonde squirt comes running toward me. I also quicken my pace toward her to put more distance between myself and the scene of my crime.
“What were you doing?” Lysia asks.
“Nothing,” I respond with counterfeit confusion. When I checked the street I had forgotten to consider that an obnoxious eight-year-old might have had her face pressed against the window, awaiting my return.
“Lysia, what did I tell you about running out of the shop whenever you feel like it?” Gwen scolds. 
Lysia ignores Gwen. “Did you see my dad?” 
“Hey!” Gwen claps at her. “I have told you too many times to knock that off. Now you march back inside and get sorting.” Lysia places an irritated pout on her face and doesn’t budge. “You have three seconds to do what I told you before I cancel your plans for tonight. One…two…” Tauntingly, Lysia stomps her way back into the laundromat just before her mother’s formed lips say the final word.
“I’m so sorry,” Gwen apologizes. She looks weary from the strain Lysia has already put on her this morning. “Crewe is not Lysia’s father. I’m not her real mother either—she’s adopted,” Gwen tells me. “She won’t even call me Mom,” she admits sadly. 
“She told me she that yesterday, but she said Alix and Crewe were her birth parents.”
Gwen releases an exasperated moan. “Alix is Lysia’s biological mother, but Crewe hadn’t even escaped Miles yet when she was born.” 
Wow. I can’t believe I hadn’t recognized that. I remember Cy telling me that he and his brother had been free for seven years. Lysia is eight years old, and Alix is from another county. I suppose I was so upset and surrounded by so much else going on that I couldn’t think straight.
My heart lightens ever so slightly to learn that Crewe is not the father of the little spitfire who sorts the clean clothes into house numbers on the other side of the glass. I’m glad to know that he didn’t keep something so monumental from me, and I’m glad there was one less element in his life forcing him to grow up too quickly.
“Her father?” I ask Gwen. This is more out of curiosity about Alix than about knowing Lysia’s background. 
Gwen purses her lips and shakes her head. “Alix’s pregnancy was a fluke. We guess her implant must have malfunctioned. She was forced into a sad world under one of her fosters. They know it goes on but they turn their heads. It’s sick, you know?” 
I do know. I feared that with Evvie. 
“She was only fifteen,” Gwen says.
That’s exactly where Merick’s assimilation hope for Evvie goes wrong. I will leave nothing up to hope when it comes to my sister. She’ll be safe soon, and I’ll be strong.



Fall asleep, Crewe. I don’t have a lot of time before I need to get going, and I can’t afford to have Crewe hear me on my way out. Before the phone signal was lost, my father insisted from afar that Merick guard both Crewe and me tonight. Only my father assumes that if anyone would need to be stopped for attempting to head toward Miles, it would be Crewe.
Merick decided that it would be better for me to come and stay at Crewe’s house than for him to join us at my father’s place. Apparently, Crewe hasn’t moved from his bed all day other than to use the bathroom. Merick said that he tried to talk to him into eating, but he refused. 
My attempt at talking with him was again completely unsuccessful. There isn’t anything that I feel I need to say to Crewe other than what he’ll read in his letter from me, but I had hoped he would talk to me anyhow. I would take anything. I would love to hear something from him to replace the last words he said to me. In summary, he said that he regrets caring about me because it caused his brother’s death. Then he told me to leave. This evening, he wouldn’t say a single word to me.
Masked by Crewe’s fitful tossing and turning, I glide from atop Cy’s covers onto the floor beside his bed. Merick and I didn’t exchange pleasantries when I arrived. Our communication was all business. I asked for an update on Crewe and he asked whether I would be comfortable sleeping in Cy’s bed. I replied that I would be since I knew that I would not actually sleep tonight. 
Cy has crossed my mind a lot over the last hour. Every moment that I’ve felt any doubt about my plan, I’ve simply looked around at his discarded clothing, shoes, and, humorously, beef jerky wrappers that litter the floor. This is Cy’s room. If I can’t find inspiration and courage here, then it’s nowhere to be found.
I slide my pack out from under his bed, like I did time after time in the dark, quiet hours in Miles County. I pull three tri-folded letters from their discrete hiding place in my bag. I decide to read each letter one last time while I wait for Crewe to settle in so that I can make my escape.
On top is the letter addressed to my father. I open it and read:

Dear Dad,
I spent many years of my childhood wondering what you were like, and who you might have become if only you had been given the chance to live. I always pictured you as a hero, Dad, and that’s exactly what you are. You are a hero to the people of Sheridan.
Crewe once told me the story of his father’s passing. He told me that his father had to sacrifice his own life to save others from a deadly fire. There is deadly fire facing Sheridan now, only you are not Crewe’s father, standing in the middle of the fire. You are not the one with the power to extinguish it, because you are not the one that the fire wants.
You are an onlooker this time, Dad, which means that you have to make an even greater sacrifice than giving your own life. You are going to have to allow your daughter, your little princess, to be the one to smother the flames. You have to let me go so that others can be saved, especially Evvie. You have to let me be her hero. Your place is on the outskirts this time, protecting the rest from the back draft. Sheridan needs you, Dad. The free people need their valiant captain.
I know it seems like our time together has been too short, but the truth is, you’ve been in my life all along, Dad, and me in yours. All this time we’ve been with each other in our thoughts and in our dreams. No matter what happens, we’ll stay that way forever.
Be everything for Evvie that you’ve always wanted me to have. Protect her, love her, and be with her when she needs you. Be strong for her, Dad, and for me.
I’ve loved you forever, and I always will.

Your little princess,
Sydney

I refold my father’s letter and tuck it under my crisscrossed leg. I hope that he doesn’t feel as though he’s failed me. I hope he doesn’t feel that he’s sent me to my death by prolonging the mission to rescue Evvie. It wasn’t until I began writing the letter that I let some of my frustrations toward him go. He is the leader of hundreds of people, and their well-being falls in his hands. 
The second letter is addressed to Crewe. He’s been still for the last few minutes. I hope he’s finally able to find some peace. There’s a part of me that wants to slip this letter under his door before he falls into an overdue, deep sleep. A part of me wants someone to realize my plan, so that they can offer to take the burden off my shoulders. I know one person who surely would, but he isn’t here. I wouldn’t ask that of anyone anyway. Enough blood has been shed from other’s fighting my battles for me.

Dear Crewe,
I can’t express how sorry I am for your loss. I’m not ashamed to tell you that before I met you and Cy, I never really had a good friend. In the short time that I had the privilege to know your brother, he resurrected a spirit in me, a spirit for life, and for a freedom of heart that I had never known. I will always remember that.
You will always hold a special place in my heart as well. I have never known anyone to understand me the way you do, Crewe. I have also never had another soul be concerned over my protection the way that you were. It felt nice to be cared for.
When I learned of Cy’s passing, I took his hand and I made him a promise. I promised him that I would look after and care for you the way that you were trying to care for me. I’m sorry to break this promise to him and this debt to you. I want to be there for you, Crewe. I want to hold your hand and tell you that it’s going to be okay. 
I’m sorry for all the pain I brought on you and your family of the free in Sheridan. If I could go back and change everything, I would. Instead, I have made the choice to go to the ones who threaten us. This way, I can keep part of my promise to your brother by keeping you safe. Let me go. Let me return my sister to a place where she can be filled with life. Where she lives, Cy’s death was not in vain. 
This will only begin to reassemble the good things that have been destroyed because of me. Hopefully you can find the fortitude to pick up the pieces to finish strengthening Sheridan after I’m gone. On Decklin’s deathbed, he mentioned a passage from the Bible that he wanted me to read, Isaiah forty-nine. I read it, and all the while I thought of you. I believe that you can change the course of history, Crewe. You can be a light to the nations.
I am forever grateful that you took a chance on me to bring me to Sheridan. It was worth a lifetime in Miles. I will forever cherish you for that. I do hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me for endangering your people and your town the way I have. With what I am going to do, I hope to bring lasting peace to them.
I will miss you, Crewe. I will miss what we might have meant to each other.

Yours,
Sydney

The last letter is by far the most difficult to open. Already, I have to fight to suppress my sadness to keep silent.

Dear Evvie,
I believe I love you more than any person has ever loved another. You have been my entire world from the day you were born. I am so proud of all of your accomplishments and so invested in all of your dreams. You are the best sister that anyone could have asked for, and I love you with every piece of my heart.
Evvie, I simply could not have lived without you. I hope you can understand that. That is why I offer my life to safeguard yours. I know it is going to be hard, but try not to cry for me, my sweet little sister. We have suffered too many tears together in our lives. If you never shed another tear in your life, it still wouldn’t be enough. Therefore, I want you to live every minute smiling and laughing for me. I want you to live the happy, carefree life that was lost to me long ago.
Our father is alive, Evvie. It’s really him. You can trust him. I want you to accept him and be the daughter he’s spent years searching for. I want him to know what a beautiful soul you have. I want happily ever after for the both of you, together in Sheridan. 
I know it’s too much to ask for you to get on without me, Ev, but I’m begging it anyway. Please know that I want this, Evvie. No matter where I am, I’m only happy if you are. So try to find a reason to smile each day and pretty soon, you’ll find that you won’t even have to try. That’s when I’ll be happiest.
You will always be in my heart, little sister, and I’ll always be listening when you need me. There is a whole world out there for you, and I love you to the end of it and so far beyond.

Your sister forever,
Sydney

I refold the paper that I was careful not to blotch with my tears and put it on top of the other two. I return the bundle of goodbyes to my pack and latch it closed. After a few calming breaths, I seal my eyes and compose my heart. I rise to my feet to begin one final journey.
Crewe is no longer stirring, and I’m happy for that. The last thing he deserves is to have to lie awake at night remembering and regretting the loss of his brother.
Merick is easy to pass by, as he snores away wildly on the couch in the living room. I’ve been so frustrated with Merick since yesterday, but he is a good man. I wish I had written that in someone’s letter. It’s too late to make any changes now. 2:00 AM is nearing. 
I’m out of the house without so much as a creak. Clouds overhang the moon in the sky above, making it difficult to see where I am headed. This wouldn’t be an issue in Miles. There, streetlights blaze all through the night.
I sprint toward the lot at the station. I want the window of time from my departure from Crewe’s home to my arrival at what was supposed to be Evvie’s and my home to be minimal. I want the smallest opportunity possible for someone to notice that I’m missing.
I think I arrive at The Lot in a shorter amount of time than yesterday. Even in the darkness, the disaster I run into is clear. The red truck is gone. 
Flustered, I sprint across to the convenience store. I tug hard at the wide, silver handle but the door doesn’t budge. It’s locked. Since when has anything been locked in Sheridan?
I guess the best I can do is try to find the vehicle with the fullest tank of gas. That means that I’m going to have to start many of them. Turning the ignition is the action I dread most as it is what will make the most noise. Now I’m going to have to do it multiple times.
I open the door to a wooden cabinet mounted on one of the supports that used to run fuel into vehicles. It’s evident that this portion of my excursion was severely under planned. The names written on the matching keys that Sheridan forged mean nothing to me. I can’t waste time like this. I pull a random key from a hook and try to place it in the ignition of the car closest to me. It doesn’t fit. The same key goes about halfway into the ignition of a small van, and then jams up. Luckily, the key fits smoothly into the third vehicle that I try. I turn the ignition and see that the tank only holds a fourth of a tank of gas.
I can’t afford to play this game. I open the center console of the low-riding car and find a heavy flashlight. Perfect. Leaving the car door ajar, I sprint over to the convenience store door and shatter the glass with a swift blow of the flashlight. I knock some sharp shards out of my path, and reach in to unlock the door. I knock something over on my way in, and trip over it as I struggle to carry a loaded jerrican out to the car. 
After dumping some gasoline into the tank, I return the cap and haul the can to the passenger door. I open the door and lug it onto the passenger seat. Finally, I sit down in the driver’s seat, pull the car door closed, and turn the key in the ignition. I have only filled the tank a little over halfway, but that will have to do for now. I can always make a pit stop in route if I need to.
I hope driving this car won’t be as difficult as it was to get it ready. I’ve never driven anything before. I take hold of gearshift and put the car into drive. I feel like I lifted my foot off the brake slowly, but the car hiccups forward until I slam the brake back down. Driving is going to be more treacherous than I had estimated, especially in the deepest dark of night without headlights. Headlights might wake someone.
I do the best that I can to use the moon’s low light to maneuver myself calmly down Main Street. Before I head toward the cluster of homes south of the hospital, I brake and search inside the car for the button that will roll down the window. I don’t find it, and don’t want to accidentally turn on the headlights, so I decide to put the car in park and crack the door open just far enough for the dome lights to come on. I use them to quickly find and press the button. I pinch my eyes shut as if squeezing them together will make the clash of closing the car door quieter.
I can see better looking out of this window than looking out of the smudgy windshield. I can also listen for how much noise the car makes against the pavement. The sounds of the tires are actually quite hushed. This will do. 
The clock on the dash of the car is the only light inside when I pull up to the place that I had scoped out to leave the truck, which has now turned into a car. There is a man’s shadow, which stops my heart until I realize it’s Rico. 
There is a thick, dark strap that cuts across Rico’s chest. He swings the weapon to his side. Rico nods with purpose to make me understand that he’s still all in, like Cy would be. I’m glad that he remains at a distance. I need these last few moments to myself.
I look at the clock one final time before I turn the car off. 1:58 AM. Two minutes. I will have two minutes before county BOTs arrive on scene, and place my sleeping sister in the home that I can see a glimpse of from here. Or I have two minutes until they reveal their bluff, and take me out anyway. Either way, I have two minutes until the end of my life begins.



I get out of the car and close the door enough to kill the dome lights. I lean against the back door of the driver’s side, and wipe away the cold sweat that forms on my forehead. Where are they? How precise do they have to be? There can only be a minute left. I suppose it’s all part of the mental game.
I hear a whisper in the air, but only because I’m watching and listening for the slightest nuance. Is it the whistle of a bullet or a missile that’s been pinned to my back? The sound doesn’t appear to be moving, but hovering over the house. I peer into the atmosphere, and finally I’m able to see a hole that appears to open up in the sky. From the open doorway, my keen eyesight allows me to trace the outline of a stealthy chopper. I’m astonished by how remarkably silent it is. 
Then, in the doorway, I see my sister’s blonde hair flowing from a limp head that’s not being supported by the BOT who lowers her to the ground. My instincts tell me to run to her, but I almost got myself killed the last time I did that. If I make the same mistake now, the trained BOTs’ bullets won’t miss me. I’ll be dead, and they’ll take Evvie back with them.
It takes everything in me to hold myself back from running to her. I focus my energy on inspecting what I can see inside the cargo bay. I’ve hardly begun inspecting it when the BOT member is retracted from the ground and helped into the chopper. The door seems to re-form from thin air, closing the gap. The chopper and its hum disappear from my sight.
Now I sprint through the yards of two vacant houses toward where Evvie was lain down. I hear Rico moving more slowly behind me, and I wish his steps were quieter. I run around to the back of the house where the drop occurred. The windowpane rests up against the wood, probably never returned to its rightful place after she was abducted. 
I see Evvie’s dark silhouette against the white sheets that she neatly spread over the bed that was to be ours. I rushed over here to finally see and hold her, but suddenly I feel paralyzed to take another step toward her. It frightens me that all the pieces of my plan have come together. When I get close enough to be able to tell, will Evvie’s chest rise and fall? I’m terrified that I’ll go to her and find her not breathing and I’ll learn that she’s been dead all along.
Rico joins me a few feet away from the window. He holds a flashlight out to me. I take it from him, but I let the hand that holds it drop lifelessly to my side. “What if she’s not alive, Rico?”
Rico responds to my question by doing what I can’t do. He walks over to the window and pulls himself into the interior of the house. I click the flashlight on and face it toward her uncertain form.
“She’s breathing. She’s alive,” Rico exclaims. I’m given an insurmountable reason to smile. Rico comes to the window and helps me inside. He takes the flashlight from me and shines it on Evvie. I watch the motions of her chest and feel the warm breath that she exhales.
This moment is stolen from me abruptly when I notice a small slip of paper resting on her upturned hand. I take it from her palm, and readjust her arm to be more comfortable. I look up at Rico and open the slip of paper.
“What does it say?”
“I have three hours.” The note was scratched in writing and accompanied by a small doodle of a clock timer. A ghastly fear comes over me. “What if she’s a bomb or if she’s been poisoned and it’s seeping into her?” I can suddenly think of a million ways that the county could still kill my sister the moment I cross Miles’ barrier. 
“Calm down, Sydney,” Rico tells me. He examines my sister’s wrists with the flashlights. “It’s hard to tell if anything has been implanted with the old scars and the county’s technology to do it so delicately.” Rico releases his eyes from his worry over her and lifts them to me. “I’ll do everything I can to keep her safe. You have my word on that.”
“Rico, would you know if Sheridan has any running helicopters, personal airplanes, or jets or if there are any somewhere nearby?”
“Idaho has a small collection. Why?”
“None here?” I try to confirm.
“Not that I know of,” he replies.
“Then take her to the hospital in two hours. Leave her hidden outside and send for someone to get Della. Help Della sneak her in to examine her without Galvesten knowing. Take her sooner if anything seems wrong. If Galvesten or anyone else finds out, by that time neither he nor anyone else he tells will be able to stop me.” 
I unclasp my pack and reach for the letters that are tucked safely inside. “Make anyone who tries to come after me read their letter. Convince them to let me go.” Rico nods dutifully. I place the three letters underneath Evvie’s pillow. This is it. This is the last time I see my sister.
I slide my arm under her shoulders and lift her enough to move the covers underneath her. Rico comes over to help tuck her in. He rests the flashlight on the end of the bed, and leaves the bedroom to give me privacy with my comatose sister.
I tuck the covers tightly under Evvie’s left arm. She always sleeps with this arm out. I rest it comfortably across her. I pull the twisted turquoise headband out of my hair and wrap it around her wrist. We had to leave everything behind in Miles, so this is the only token I can give her by which to remember me.
I wish I could stay to protect her. I wish I could laugh with her one more time. I’ll have to settle with an unreciprocated hug. I lean down and pull her lifeless body into mine and hold her and cry with her in my arms.
“I’m so sorry that I have to leave you, Ev. I’m so, so sorry.” My arms release her and let her lie against the bed again, but my heart is not ready to part with hers. I don’t think it ever could be. “I love you,” I tell her as I kiss her forehead and smooth her hair back. “I love you so much, Evvie.”
I knock on the bedroom door to signal to Rico that I’m ready to go. “Thank you,” I say, throwing a hug on him as he reenters the room. He isn’t able to hug me back or say anything in return as I’m already walking away. I glide from the window and put speed into my jog away from the house. I can’t look back. If I do, I’ll turn around. I have to keep running. I have to force my feet to reach the car.
When they do, I pull the door closed, not caring much now about the sound it makes. It needs to be closed to cover the wailing sounds stemming from my devastated heart—the kind of sound the human ear is trained to hear and react to.
I only allow myself seconds to cry this way before I find the power to turn the ignition and shift the car into gear. I’m saving my sister’s life, I tell myself over and over again as I pass by the homes of the people who make Sheridan what it is—the heart of humanity.
I turn left to head north on Main Street toward the Miles County BOTs, toward the tragic end that awaits me, no matter how fast or how slow.
As I drive, I remind myself of everything that I know to be true. My father died when I was a tiny child. My mother had a beautiful baby, and then fell deeper into psychosis. My grandma tried to help us, but a wicked law took her away. We were alone. Even our mother left us by taking her own life. I tried to protect my sister, but sometimes I failed. Sometimes she felt the same pain that I did.
My vacant soul was saved one day. Two brothers rescued me from the hell that I would have been confined to for the rest of my life. They became my friends, and as friends, they risked their lives to seek my sister. They succeeded, and brought the two of us to the home we never had. They lightened our hearts and freed our spirits. They showed us that our story was still to be written. 
But the moment that hope was returned to my future, my sister was stolen from it. A world that Evvie had departed from could not give me anything for which to live. So I chose to exchange our places to bring her certain freedom and the ability to pursue happiness.
I know that I cannot expect the same for myself. Though I drive toward this dreadful fate, I am content knowing that the world will be blessed with the richness that my sister’s life will offer. She will be able to go to a real school, drive a car, have a job, fall in love, get married, have a family, and grow wonderfully old. Evelette Harter will be able to live a full life—a story worth telling.



My first thank you belongs to God, who guides and blesses me.
A world of gratitude is owed to my mother, Tracie. I could not have shared this story or accomplished so many of my life’s goals without her loving support.
Infinite thanks to the members of Clean Teen Publishing: Rebecca Gober, who believed in the story and has an amazing ambition to bring it to others. Marya Heiman, who designed creative and powerful images for the novel–namely the cover! Cynthia Shepp, who graced the manuscript with her editing prowess. Courtney Nuckels, who formatted the novel and works tirelessly for its sake. Dyan Brown, who manages so much behind the scenes. 
Thank you to my grandmother, Nancy, and my cousin, Mary, who provided early suggestions and encouragement.
To my talented brother, Thaddeus, my cousin, Reiley, and my father, Berry, who offered their time and resources to help me design, create, and promote the first edition.
And finally to all my family, friends, and teachers who were passionate early readers. I am so grateful for the influence and support of those close to me.




Photo used with permission by: Devyn Lempke

enjoyed writing her debut novel, Concealed in the Shadows, during a lovely Minnesota summer that she had off from her primary profession, teaching. Acting, playing and coaching soccer, reading, playing piano, and spending time with family and friends are among her other interests. Please visit her website at: http://www.GabrielleArrowsmith.com
Connect with Gabrielle on:
Facebook


You don't have to wait to find out what happens next in Sydney's life. Turn the page to read the first chapter of Released from the Darkness—book #2 in The Concealed in the Shadows Series. Released from the Darkness is available for purchase today!

Darkness surrounds me. I know better than to run from it, as anything could lurk in its shadows. Instead, I wait in the stillness, as if I’m under the surface of the holding pond beyond Miles’ barrier, counting the seconds for the camera to pass.
I become aware of a steady, dripping noise. Though its echoes try to fool me, I sense that the source of the drip is close. Strangely, it is my nose—not my ears—that is responsible for determining the rhythm’s nearness.
I’ve come to recognize this odor. I smelled it first at the age of twelve when I discovered my mother’s suicide at the institution. The distinguishing scent invaded my nostrils again at the makeshift hospital in Lame Deer where faithful Decklin lied dying, doubly wounded by bullet and flame. I endured the smell as we drove back to Sheridan in a van that carried the caskets of two noble-hearted young men. I buried my face in my lap and covered my head with my arms, not only to guard myself from the sickening stench, but also to keep secret the stream of sorrow that ran from my eyes.
This is the smell of blood. Death.
I try to hold my breath, but I’m quickly choked for air. I don’t have the strength to fight my hunger for oxygen.
A rush of cold air fights its way through my obstructed, sticky throat. I relax my lungs, but I’m unable to do the same for my mind, which is increasingly leery of my dark, mysterious surroundings. 
Dim light begins to seep into the obscurity. A shape takes form beside me. I can tell that it’s human, but its edges are blurred and its face deeply shadowed. Where did this person come from? Were my eyes not open before? Are they now? I can’t find the light source.
“Welcome to Neo-Necropolis.” Female. From the voice’s smooth texture and deep tone, I’d guess that the woman is older than I am. I warily raise my eyes toward the head of the form, sending a shooting sensation deep into my head. It’s dark, but something is also wrong with my eyes. I can’t make out any features of the person’s face.
“Necropolis is Greek. It means city of the dead. Neo is Greek for new.”
New city of the dead? 
I remember. I was halfway to Miles. I should have been driving a truck, but my panic and fate from above had changed that.
The first hour passed too rapidly. I was begging for more time as I still struggled to convince myself that I had made the right decision when I contacted Miles’ inner circle to trade places with my sister. I had seriously considered turning the car around not five minutes before a crash that turned the compact car into my steely grave.
I spotted the buck before his hooves hit the pavement, but my perceptiveness didn’t matter. There was nothing I could do to change the course of the deer, or the car, at the speed that each was traveling. 
I heard that a person’s life is supposed to flash before their eyes during a moment like that. Time is supposed to slow so the departing soul can calmly express their final words to their maker. As if the intolerable government ruled it too, time did not alter itself for me. I gasped in terror, pounded the brake, and shut my eyes. That was it. No thought squeezed its way into my mind, not of Evvie, my dad, or Sheridan.
There is time for worries now, though, especially those regarding Evvie’s safety. They flood my heart and mind with full force, and my body acts accordingly.  
“Relax.” The woman gently places a wet cloth on my forehead and guides me to lie back down. “The name of this place is just another way they taunt us. You’re not dead; you’re going to be just fine.”
Fully alert, I find the reflection of low light in the woman’s eyes. They’re dark, darker than her ebony skin, but kind. I can only focus on them for a second before the splitting headache returns. Of course, I’m not dead—I feel too much pain. I can’t imagine the head can sustain this many blows in quick succession without the tissues swelling dangerously to protect the beaten brain.
“You need to rest,” urges the unfamiliar woman. I can feel that she’s right, but something important is gnawing at my mind like a misplaced itch. What is it?
Oh no, the collateral that was forced upon me to make sure that I upheld my end of the agreement with the county. “You don’t understand,” I stress to the woman. “Miles County BOTs are going to bomb everyone if I don’t get there before dawn!”
“Everyone?” she questions. “Who are they going to bomb? No! Don’t tell me,” she blurts, just as the answer forms on my lips. She’s right. This moment is filled with desperation, but I still need to think before releasing my secrets to a complete stranger. I could jeopardize the safety of Evvie, my father, Crewe, and all other Sheridans with such carelessness.
“I received notice of my new roommate the day before yesterday. Just what day do you think it is?”
She received notice two days ago? That’s not possible. It was only yesterday that I made contact with Miles. She couldn’t have known about my arrival before then. Wait…roommate? 
The keen woman beside me can tell that my head swells with questions and worries. She bends closer to me, making it easier for me to focus on her eyes as she speaks. “You’re in Miles County. You’ve been here at least two days. Today is Wednesday, but I’d rather you not start this day yet. Get a few more hours of sleep while you can.”
I’ve been here three days then. That’s a long time, considering that I can’t remember anything since the accident. I don’t even know how I got here. I have many questions that need answering. “I need to know some things,” I tell the woman beside me. “I don’t sleep much, anyway.”
“Well, look at that,” she says casually. “I’d already nicknamed you Thrasher. Your nightmarish stirrings have been enough to keep me awake tonight, and I’m usually a rock through all sorts of horrors.” The nickname Rock would seem appropriate for her. She certainly has the build for it. 
“I wish I could ease your mind, but nothing we say goes unheard.” Her eyes flash from wall to wall of the small room. “Do you understand?” 
I nod. I understand this well.
The woman removes the wet cloth from my forehead and slaps it into my hand. “Wipe your face.” 
I sit up slowly, bringing on a rush of dizziness, nausea, and a sharp pain in my left thumb. I set the cloth on my knee for a minute, to feel a sleek contraption housing my presumably broken thumb. Something warm and wet then touches my upper lip. Blood. I wipe as instructed, first below my nose. The bridge of my nose is unnaturally wide, and I can feel that one side of my face is equally as swollen. There’s some tenderness to the touch, but not as much as it seems there should be.
“That’s why I stopped you from telling me about the everyone whose lives you feared were in danger,” the woman continues. “I don’t want to know a thing about that.”
“They know the name and location of the people they threatened,” I say, discarding the wet cloth on the floor with a plop. “I doubt it would be news to anyone listening.”
“Yet you still don’t name it? It must be me that you don’t trust then.” She stands, picks up the wet cloth, and disappears around a partial wall at the foot of the bed across from the one on which I sit. I hear a squeak and then interrupted splashes of water as she rinses the cloth. “I don’t blame you one bit for that,” she calls over the flow of water. “Caution is smart and necessary.” Water continues to leak from the faucet after it squeaks off, but the woman has presumably left the cloth in the sink to absorb the irritating pings. 
Before I opened my eyes, I imagined that blood was the dripping medium. I understand how that morphed into my nightmare, having now learned that I had a nosebleed during my sleep. I heard the leaky faucet, but smelled blood. The bleed also explains the immediate choking I experienced when I attempted to hold my breath. A thin layer of my anxiety has been relieved now that the dripping has lessened.
“What’s your name?” I ask as the woman sits on a bed much too small for her frame.
“Edyn with a Y. And you’re Sydney. With a Y too,” she adds. “Your name is the only thing they told me about you, but I don’t see any need to get to know each other this morning. We have our whole lives for that,” she says as she slides under the covers and turns toward the wall.
“Our whole lives?” I can’t help asking.
“That’s right. Once you’re a resident here, your days of sunshine are over. I get the feeling you didn’t have much sunshine to live for anyway.”
“Where are we?” If we’re truly locked up somewhere, then Edyn will have the rest of her life to sleep. I need answers tonight, and she’s the only person who can give them to me. “I lived in Miles my whole life; I’ve never heard of Neo-Necropolis.”
I’ve gained Edyn’s attention. She spins around and props her head up. “That’s because no one knows about this place unless they’re in it. Most of us call it Neocropolis for short. Actually, a lot of residents call it Neocrapolis, even the guards.”
“Residents?”
“Prisoners. We’re buried below EPA 12-1 on Miles’ northernmost border. Citizens have no idea that there is a fully loaded penitentiary right under the county seat.”
Another lie fed to Miles’ inhabitants. I bet the EduWeb instruction monitors don’t even know. As told, they direct their pupils to courses that rave about how well chips deter criminals, so well that Miles County doesn’t even need a jail.
 “Don’t answer this without caution,” Edyn warns. “You said that you needed to arrive in Miles to prevent a bombing, so I can only assume that you were outside the county. I won’t ask where, but I’d like to know how long you’ve lived beyond Miles’ border.”
Suddenly, I realize there is something I need to look into before I can answer Edyn’s question. Do the monitors that I need to be aware of exist in the room or directly within us? Before I could be taken from Miles to Sheridan, Galvesten cut into each of my wrists to find and remove my chip, which also served as a tracking device. The wounds had healed enough before I left Sheridan that I would notice had they been reopened. I feel the smoothness of each scar. However, I accidentally notice a fresh incision on my left forearm. There’s also the high-tech splint around my thumb that I cannot undo. Both of those injuries could easily occur by impact or debris from the crash, but they could also conveniently cover up a fresh implant.
“I was only outside a week,” I answer Edyn. “I lived in Miles until my eighteenth birthday.”
“Well, happy belated,” Edyn wishes. “I imagine the start to adulthood hasn’t been too good for you, seeing as you’ve incurred enough damage in a week to land yourself in level three.”
“Level three of what?” I have to ask.
“Of Neocropolis,” she says. “There are five levels here. The depth they hide you in the ground is based on the severity of the crime you committed or the threat that you pose. The fifth level is solitary confinement. Very few have been down there, though residents spread rumors like they know the place. Level Fours have a bunkmate, but they don’t receive any of the freedoms that we do. Twos above us have committed minor offenses, or they were innocents that put up a fuss. We call Level Ones Innocents. They never committed a crime. They were simply at the wrong place at the wrong time. They caught wind of some top-secret information or what have you, and the county couldn’t risk that they be among citizens, where they could repeat what they saw or heard. There are even a couple of kids that are Innocents,” Edyn sighs. 
“Their parents think they’re dead, except for one little girl whose momma is in three with us. She was pregnant when they put her down here. Wouldn’t make sense for the child of a dead, pregnant lady to be alive. You can change the kid’s identity and put her into an orphanage in another county, but they feared her DNA could one day reveal who she really was, and they couldn’t have that.”
“Couldn’t they change her parents’ DNA information in the system?” I ask. “Don’t they change things like that all the time?” Edyn has been around for a while, and has probably heard many conspiracies through the other residents. I want to affirm that other situations, like when my sister saw a listing of our dead mother’s foster children at the courthouse, occur sometimes. 
“Without a doubt,” Edyn answers. “But there were too many eyes watching this case. The child had to die. Negotiators promised her mother that she’d live in this death as long as she kept providing them the information and services they sought. The little girl gets to come down and visit her mother, and they’ve promised to take her out to see the sun on her tenth birthday. It’s not too far away now. All of us are living for that event—living through that sweet child.”
“How long has it been since you’ve seen the sun, Edyn?” 
“Altogether, it’s been seven years.”
Altogether? There must have been a break between Edyn’s time in Neocropolis. Maybe she was generalizing or exaggerating when she explained that imprisonment here is permanent. “Were you out for some time after you’d been in?” 
“No.” Edyn removes the covers from her side and sits up on the edge of her bed. “That doesn’t happen,” she says with heavy weight. “It’s going to take you some time to accept it, but you will die here, Sydney. You should also understand that you’ll never again speak to anyone out there that you care about. It’s truth for every one of us, no matter what level we are sentenced to. We are the abandoned dead.”
Maybe Edyn is trying to prepare me for the worst-case scenario. I can’t accept that this is the beginning of the end for me. Evvie was here, and permanent captivity wasn’t true for her. She woke to the sun almost three days ago, and for that, I am glad. 
When I contacted Miles, I decided that I was willing to die for my sister, but this isn’t the death that I imagined. I didn’t expect it to come true, but I held a sliver of hope that I could reason or fight my way out of whatever evil I would encounter. What I did expect is that I would die fighting for the freedom and a better future for the ones I love. I could accept a noble death like the ones fate handed to Cy and Decklin. A slow, passive, unrewarding death buried deep below the enemy’s feet is impossible for me to come to terms with.
“It’s not right, but it’s not all bad here if you keep your head down and try to enjoy the amenities of level three. Don’t make the mistake that I made. I started as an Innocent, but you can see I’m not there anymore.”
“Why did they move you?” I ask.
“I didn’t last four days on One. I couldn’t control my anger. I had a loving husband and two beautiful children who needed me. I couldn’t give up on getting back to them. Reason got me nowhere, but the riot I brought did. It got me transferred to Two.”
So this is what Edyn meant when she said she’s been here seven years altogether. She’s been moved between different levels.
“I never was an aggressive woman, but anger about the injustices in here built and built in me until one day, I snapped. It was no small thing I did, Sydney.” Edyn pauses for a moment to reflect on the incident or to prepare her next words. “It takes a lot longer to be moved up than to be moved down. I can tell you that much. So as mad as you may be, don’t do anything that will have you locked up below.”
I can’t promise that I won’t react and get myself into trouble, so I don’t respond to Edyn’s advice. 
I wonder what crime she committed that had her moved down the second time? They’ve started me on Three, so whatever she did must be considered worse than breaching and living on the outside. 
Sometime, I want to hear how Edyn ended up in Neocropolis as an Innocent, but I figure it is both too soon and too odd of an hour to ask. There is just one more thing I have to know before I can allow Edyn to sleep. I have to know if those deemed dead are ever really killed down here. I’m not sure I can ask this outright since our conversation is being recorded, so I’ll begin to flush out my answer in a roundabout manner.
“What happened to your last roommate?” I ask.
“She got moved up to Two. She promised to come down and visit sometime, but I imagine it will take her a while to earn enough to do that.”
“She wasn’t a young girl, was she?” 
 “Young is a relative term, but no. She was between your age and mine.” That makes it clear that her previous roommate wasn’t who I was hoping her to be. It’s dark, so I can’t really approximate Edyn’s age, but her old roommate might have been as much as fifteen years older than Evvie. “What are you getting at?” she asks me, apparently reading the additional questions stemming from her answer.
“The girl I’m wondering about is fourteen. She has long, ashen hair with a feathered, neon-green streak.” Edyn looks up as she sifts through the young faces she knows. “She would have arrived only a week ago,” I add.
“No,” she answers quickly. “You were the only recent admittance.”
“She may have been on another level, like One or Two,” I offer. 
“No,” Edyn confirms. “Word travels fast around here, even between levels. Unless this girl was in solitary.”
Edyn meant nothing by this comment. She may have even been trying to make a joke. She probably couldn’t imagine that someone who I thought could have been placed in an upper level could also as easily been locked up in solitary for their association with me. Imagining Evvie being admitted here, and learning her fate from a fellow Neocropolis resident as I have tonight, hurts me enough. It tears me apart to think that she may have spent five days locked up among the worst of sorts, a place about which the prisoners only know rumors. And who knows what the people who run this place can get away with down there?
“Does this girl mean something to you?” Edyn asks.
“Everything,” I answer, looking at my lap. “She’s my sister.” I look up and find the reflection of light in Edyn’s eyes. She takes a moment to focus on me, and then shakes her head in sorrow.
“I’m sorry that she’s lost to you,” she says, “but believe me, it’s better for her than being in here.”
“I believe that,” I answer. Lying down, I turn myself away from Edyn. I pull the covers around me and close my eyes. My eyelids feel swollen, but not enough to lock in the tears that slide to the corners of my eyes at the thought of never speaking to Evvie again.
“Get some sleep, Thrasher,” Edyn says. I can’t reply without revealing my emotional state. After a pause, I hear her tuck back in. 
I will away my pain with each of Edyn’s increasingly steady breaths. After a few minutes of this, she is sound asleep, and I’m alone in my hollowness.

Available now on all platforms!






Alicia Michaels


Crimson Tree Publishing



Blythe Sol and Dax Janner
Dallas, Texas
August 15, 4010 
4:00 a.m.

I am awakened by my internal alarm system and all I want is to ignore it. I want to turn it off and roll over and go back to sleep, burrow beneath my thin, scratchy blanket and ignore the wZambranod outside of the dilapidated house I have taken shelter in. 
Unfortunately, my internal alarm doesn’t work that way and won’t shut the hell up until I’m on my feet with my eyes open. I have the feeling that my alarm—which should only be heard by me—has also awakened Dog. I’m wondering if it emits one of those high-pitched screeches that only dogs can hear. The furry bastard is licking my face with his hot tongue before I’ve even finished rubbing the sleep from my eye. I pet him on the head absently and stand, stretching the fatigue out of my human limbs. 
I still haven’t gotten used to this; reconciling my human half with the robotic additions gifted to me by the Science and Technology Department of the Restoration Project. It’s especially jarring first thing in the morning; half of my body takes longer to wake up than the rest. Eventually, I am able to stand and give Dog a proper ‘good morning’. The wiry mutt looks up at me expectantly, his tongue hanging out of the corner of his mouth and his tail swishing from side to side until I go over to my pack and fish out a few strips of beef jerky. 
Dog leaps up onto his hind legs and spins in a circle for the treat, bringing a smile to my face as he always does. I have very few reasons to smile these days. It’s the only reason I keep the fur ball around, despite the fact that my situation isn’t exactly ideal for keeping a pet. 
I hear the muted mumbling of the television from the next room and I know that Dax is awake and watching the news. I also smell food which means he’s making breakfast. I rifle through my pack until I find a clean shirt and replace it with the one I slept it. I’ve only brought one pair of pants with me, so I’m glad they’re my most comfortable brown suede. I pull on a pair of heavy wool socks and my boots before reaching for my jacket. It’s heavy with all the odds and ends I keep in the many pockets lining the front, but it’s warm and functional. 
A grab the small pouch containing my toiletry items and walk into the master bathroom, mentally thanking Dax for letting me take the master bedroom. While the crumbling house has been cleared of all furniture—with the exception of a beat up couch in the living room and the bed I slept in last night—the power and water still run, as well as the heat. I fill my hands with water from the faucet and splash it over the dirty mirror, using the sleeve of my jacket to wipe a clean spot big enough for me to see myself in it. I open the bag and take my time with the essential grooming: brush my teeth, splash my face with water, and comb my shoulder length, dark brown hair into a ponytail. Once that’s done, I brace my hands on the sink and stare at myself in the mirror. 
I keep looking for that girl who had dreams of joining the Army and the ranks of the Military Police, of riding around on one of those sleek hover bikes and pinning one of their gleaming, silver badges to my shirt. But that girl is gone and I am now the antithesis of everything she once believed in. Sure, I look the same; caramel-colored skin halfway between my mother’s black and father’s white, brown eyes, beauty spot just beneath my left eye. Yet everything about me has changed and it has absolutely nothing to do with the Restoration Project’s accessories. With a sigh, I reach into the bag for my contact lens case.
 The single, glass lens protects my bionic eye from the police scanners and keeps me safe while I’m walking the streets with Dax. There is no protection for my robotic arm, except for the polyurethane glove the Professor constructed for me to wear over it. It looks like my other hand and seals over the skin right above my elbow, where the titanium and gadgetry end and I begin. It repels water, is heat and cold resistant and, more importantly, keeps me looking like the other normies.
After a minute or two, the excruciating pain in my left eye fades to an annoying throb. By lunchtime it’ll be an irritating itch and by the time I’m ready to take it off, I’ll have gotten used to it. I slip my digital watch on and grab my bag before returning to the master bedroom, throwing it into my pack. I roll my blanket up and slide that in there as well. 
4:20 a.m.; better get a move on.
Dog is sitting beside the door on his haunches, waiting patiently for me to open the door. As soon as I do, he’s rushing to the living room to greet Dax, who is sitting on the couch in front of the television. The sleek sofa he’s sitting on was once white but is now yellowed and frayed with age and neglect. The television is working just fine though, even if it isn’t one of those sensory stimulating models they have in those big cities that are still standing. Those babies have picture so colorful and sound so realistic that you’d swear the actors of your favorite shows were right there in your living room. You can smell what the TV chefs are cooking and the fabric softener in commercials full of smiling people and soft towels. I step over a broken vase and dodge a disembodied baby doll head, stepping over the debris scattered around the house like landmines until I reach the kitchen. 
Dax has, in his usual fashion, made the most of what we found when coming upon this house the night before. He’s located and cleaned few pans, plates, cups and utensils and raided the fridge.
“Fresh eggs?” I ask as I dig into the pan he’s left on the stove. The eggs are still warm and are mixed with bits of Dax’s rationed beef jerky. “Potatoes?” I scoop some of those onto my plate too and eye the orange concoction in a glass pitcher on the counter with awe. “Is this real orange juice?”
“The owners of this house must have recently cleared out,” Dax said from where he sat on the couch, glued to the news. “The expiration date on that orange juice was for a week from now.”
We fall into silence again as I sink down onto the sofa beside him, sitting my orange juice glass on the floor between my feet. I dig into my eggs and groan aloud with ecstasy. It’s been months since I’ve eaten real eggs. Despite the beef jerky, which is an odd mix, I wolf it down pretty quickly, content to let Dax finish watching the broadcast in peace.
Silence between Dax and me is comfortable, which is good because I’m not much for talking unless I have something to talk about. Dax knows this about me and understands that silence for me isn’t always a bad thing. After I’m done eating, I glance at him out of the corner of my eye. He is reclined against the back of the couch, his long legs spread with Dog resting between them. His smooth, brown skin is offset by dark, midnight black hair buzzed close to his head and twinkling brown eyes. Dax is a great, hulking beast of a man, broad in all the places that count, but as warm and charming as they come. I often tease him, that if he didn’t have titanium ribs and a set of bionic prosthetics, he could be on one of those electronic billboards in the city, posing in his underwear. Dax always laughs at me, but I think it’s true. Then I think of what a shame it is that guys like Dax can’t be models. They can’t be anything but dead or in hiding.
Finding him is one of the best things that ever happened to me, because it saved my life—he saved my life. He turns to me and smiles and I smile back. Besides Dog, he’s the only one that can make me do that. 
“Ready, Blythe?” he asks, reaching for the remote and turning off the television at the height of President Drummond’s speech. The image of our brown-haired, blue-eyed national leader disappears and I am relieved to be free of his deceptive gaze. “I think I’ve had enough of that asshole to last me all week. How ‘bout you?”
I snort as I stand and sling my pack over my shoulders. “I don’t know why you watch that garbage. All they do is fill the airwaves with his messages and his voice. If you’re not careful, you’ll become one of his mindless drones. You’re already half-robot, so you’re halfway there.”
Dax laughs and stands, pulling on his blue-jean, fur-lined jacket. I always joke that it makes him look like one of those old-fashioned pilots they have photos of in the museums. He pulls a skull cap over his dark hair and I dig mine out before stuffing my ponytail in it and covering my ears. I have gotten used to bundling up every morning before starting out. Ever since the war, the burning out of the ozone layer and our nation’s pitiful attempts at constructing a synthetic replacement that left our planet in even worse shape, the weather is unpredictable. While August used to be the hottest month of the year in the state of Texas, today we will more than likely find ourselves tramping through snow. 
“What do you think, Blythe,” Dax asks as we leave the house, Dog trailing obediently behind us, “keep or burn?”
I stare up at the smooth, once white exterior of the house with its round windows and clear, glass roof. It’s a beautiful house—this is one of the few areas in the state not affected by nuclear war—but too conspicuous for us to use as a hideout in the future, so I tell Dax we should burn it. He finds a gas can in the garage and goes back inside. Dog and I stand on the brown, withered grass and wait for Dax to come out. By the time we set out on our way, the house is lighting up from the inside with orange flame, soon to be no more than a pile of smoldering ash. 
As we walk, I reach into one of my many pockets and pull out a pair of gloves. They don’t offer much protection from the cold, but I wear them anyway because they’re better than nothing. It’s a beautiful morning, even if the sun hasn’t come up yet. A few stars remain in the sky, and that pretty mix of pale blue, orange, and pink has just started to spill out over the horizon. 
It is now 5:00 a.m.
We’re making good time, although I dread going back to headquarters empty-handed. Coming back with even one refugee would be worth it, but at this point it seems like too much to hope for. We’ve been in Dallas for five days now, combing various neighborhoods for signs up life or people in hiding. We could provide that…if only we could find them. 
“Do you think there’s anyone left in this neighborhood?” I ask Dax as we walk. I am keeping a sharp eye on our surroundings, counting on my bionic eye to give me readings on any nearby signs of life. It’s picking up the body heat signatures of me, Dax, Dog and a rabbit hopping past us across the street, but nothing else. It’s got our environment’s temperature read at thirty degrees and is telling me that there is a seventy-five percent chance of sleet and freezing rain tonight.
Dax shrugs. He is looking for signs of life too, even though he knows I’m more likely to spot them first. “I doubt it,” he says. “Looks like we got the short end of the stick this mission. That house we were in looked like the M.P.’s had already invaded.”
I nod in agreement but don’t say anything else. With the house in that condition and still standing, it was more than likely that an arrest had been made. Some poor soul had been imprisoned before we had a chance to get there and save them. Now, there was no telling what President Drummond has given his puppets at the Restoration Project leave to do to people like us. I shudder at the thought.
“We can’t change what happened at that house,” Dax says, and I know he’s sensed the direction of my thoughts. He knows that I tend to take these things personally. “We save the people we can, Blythe,” he reminds me, repeating the age-old mantra of the Professor. I know he is right, but I still can’t help it. Seeing that house go up in flames reminds me of another time I stood outside a burning house, barely making out alive. That was the last night I ever laid eyes on my family. 
I never will again.
“There are plenty of houses down this street to check,” I say, quickly changing the subject. “Hopefully I’ll get a readout and we don’t have to go back to Jenica empty handed.”
Really, I don’t give a flying fuck about Jenica and her quotas but I need an excuse to voice my desperation at needing to find someone…anyone. 
Dax glances at his watch. “We have a few hours before the hovercraft makes its rounds. Let’s get moving.”

By noon I am discouraged, cranky, hungry and ready to go back to headquarters. Not a soul exists in this abandoned neighborhood. Either Jenica’s intel was wrong, or the people we’ve come to find are long gone, probably incarcerated or dead. 
We’re standing on the corner of what was once a busy intersection, in front of a row of hollowed-out storefronts. I lean against the building beside Dax, watching Dog run around in circles and try to catch the snowflakes that started falling about an hour ago. He’s an ugly little mutt, but he’s mine. Well, ours. Dog is just as much Dax’s as he is mine.  I glance at my watch just as the humming sound of the hovercraft reaches my ears.
“On time as always,” Dax says with a snort. “Do you think she schedules and times her bathroom breaks?”
I cut Dax a look out of the corner of my eye. “Jenica? Yeah, I could see that. Urination scheduled for five o’clock p.m.”
Dax’s guffaws become full-fledged laughs as the large, oblong shadow of the hovercraft blots out the meager light of the sun. I picture Jenica in the cockpit with her black, waist-length, bone-straight ponytail and sharp features. Dax and I have a running joke going about that ponytail. We are both of the opinion that it holds her face up. No way are her eyes really that narrow and sharp, or her cheekbones so well-defined. Technically, this only applies to half of her face, as the other half is made of titanium, but still.
The hovercraft lowers over us and the hatch opens, releasing the ladder for us to climb in. Jenica is waiting, along with the six other members of our crew. Her starched, black uniform is spotless as usual, not a crease out of place or a speck of lint to be found. I don’t think she’s got a single split end in that sleek ponytail. 
Dax and I slide into our seats in the front row, directly behind Jenica, and buckle our harnesses. One look over my shoulder reveals our crew and the bedraggled group of refugees they’ve found. I nod in greeting to the crewmembers and try to smile encouragingly at the ten refugees they rescued. I know what they’re feeling, and realize that many of them have been through what I’ve been through. My eyes lock with a girl no older than me, with smooth, cocoa-colored skin. Her eyes are dark and wide and her hands are shaking. I don’t see any machinery so I wonder if she has bionic organs of some kind. There are others there too, family members of those with more obvious hardware but this girl is alone and something tells me she’s one of us. Then I wonder if she’s lost her family like us, since none of the other rescued people have her dark skin or luscious features. 
I want to encourage her, to tell her that I know where she’s been and that we’re here to help; she’s safe now. But none of those words come and I turn away from her, closing my eyes against her pain. It is too much for me and reminds me of things I’d rather forget. 
Ignoring Dax’s concerned look, I gaze out over the now moving horizon over Jenica’s shoulder. We make fun of her, but that is one dedicated member of the Resistance. She’s also one hell of a pilot. I often wonder about Jenica’s past and why she’s as hardened as she is. I’ve never known a child to be born that way. Something had to have happened, but behind the machinery that takes up most of one side of her head and face, I can’t find a clue. She’s as hard as ever and I wish I could be more like her. She doesn’t seem to care when we come back empty-handed. I, on the other hand, can’t stop thinking about it. 
Seeing those empty, broken down houses in Dallas brings back so many memories and I can’t help but think of my own family. Those thoughts bring an acidic taste to my mouth. I turn toward the window beside me and stare at the moving clouds beside me and wonder if that taste will ever go away.



Blythe Sol, Dax Janner, and Jenica Swan
Restoration Resistance Headquarters
August 15, 4010

I am grateful when Jenica lowers the hovercraft over the painted landscape of Nevada. After so many years away from my hometown in Georgia, the rusty red walls of Red Rock Canyon looks more and more like home every day. Calm sweeps over me as we hurtle along through the canyon, shaded from the stifling Nevada heat by the mountains jutting up from the ground. While we encountered snow in Texas, the state of Nevada and its desert stretching away from the still-bustling Las Vegas, is still hot as hell. In fact, global warming and our ruined ozone layer have rendered it even hotter. 
Everyone is glad we didn’t encounter the M.P.s, especially with the scared and likely malnourished refugees in the back of our craft. We are all capable of fighting when necessary, but our Resistance is a peaceful one and we try not to kill when we don’t have to. The round, steel portal carved into the side of the canyon opens to allow us entrance and we are soon hurtling toward the dim metal tube that leads to headquarters and home. 
As we shoot out the other end of the tube, the citadel that was built into the red mountains as a haven for our kind comes into view. Jenica dodges other crafts and steers us toward Hexley Hall, the living quarters of all refugees. There are so many of them that Hexley Hall is filled to over capacity. These people will likely have to share space with some of our other residents until construction is finished next door on Regent Hall. For now, I’m sure these folks are just happy to have a place to lay their heads without fear of arrest or execution. 
Jenica lands the crafts and unbuckles her harness, turning toward the scared people huddled toward the back of the aircraft.
“All refugees come to the front of the craft, where I will document you and pass you on to the matron of Hexley Hall, Milica Brady. She will see you all settled into your quarters and provided with food.”
“What about the others?” a voice called from the back of the craft. I whip around in my seat to put a face to the masculine voice. From behind the others appears a head of blond hair, broad pair of shoulders, and deep blue eyes that lodge my heart in my throat. The refugees part to reveal him and I can only stare, slack-jawed. He is as large and wide as Dax, with smooth skin and features chiseled from stone. His brow is furrowed over eyes narrowed on Jenica. I look across the aisle to find Dax staring at me quizzically, and then back at the stranger. 
“Excuse me?” Jenica asks, her tone sharp. “What others?”
“When do we help them? The other Bionics stuck out there?”
Jenica’s jaw hardens and her hardware hums as she narrows both eyes, human and machine. “We don’t use that term here,” she says, referring to President Drummond’s nickname for us. The Bionics, they call us; humans modified by government equipment. They created us and now they hate us, fear us, force us to go into hiding to protect ourselves and our families. Because Jenica’s hardware isn’t as easily hidden as mine, I know that the term is especially sensitive for her.
“I’m sorry,” the stranger says, running long, slender fingers through his hair. “I didn’t mean it that way.”
Jenica nods once, but I can tell she’s still not fond of him. She’s not fond of anyone who speaks out of turn. “I am sure you didn’t. You should be more carefully about throwing that word around. As far as the other victims goes, that is not your concern Mister…”
She looks up at him pointedly, pen poised over her clipboard, human eyebrow raised. 
“Gage,” he answers. “Gage Bronson.”
Jenica scribbles something in her neat, precise scrawl. “Mister Bronson, rest easy. The very capable field soldiers you see in front of you are working hard every day to rescue those of our kind that need it.”
Gage doesn’t miss Jenica’s emphasis on ‘our kind’; it’s obvious by the pulling of muscles around his mouth and flash of defiance in his eyes. He swivels those eyes toward me and I am frozen in his gaze, unable to look away. We stare at each other just long enough for me to notice that there’s a rim of silvery gray around the outside of his blue irises before I look away, embarrassed. Gage doesn’t say anything else to Jenica, but he has definitely made his presence known here and I’m officially curious. 
What is he doing here? He’s obviously not one of us; he looks like he belongs in one of the metropolitan areas, those unaffected by nuclear war or radiation. He has none of the desperation in his eyes that most of us carry in our fight to stay alive. There’s determination there, though, and I can’t help but admire that.
Jenica motions the refugees forward and they step up one at a time to register. I wait patiently in my seat as she records their names and other stats, including their bionic appendages. When she gets to the dark-skinned girl I locked eyes with earlier, she answers that her skin has been genetically modified to have the hardness and durability of Kevlar. I see Dax’s eyebrows shoot up and several of our other crew members whistle and murmur to each other. A girl with skin made of Kevlar would be an amazing addition to our team. She says her name is Yasmine Zambrano and I make a mental note to remember it.
When she gets to Gage, of course he lists no bionic appendages, confirming what I suspected. What he does next, though, blows me away. He reaches down and picks up a little girl, one I hadn’t seen before now and holds her against his chest.
“Agata Schwenke,” he says. “Seven years old. Bionic spinal cord and bionically engineered left brain.”
If Yasmine’s revelation was enough to stun everyone, this was definitely one to blow that right out of the water. I look into the soulful, wide eyes of little Agata and see intelligence there. Part of her cerebrum, the segment that computes logic, math, and speech, has been bionically enhanced. Agata is more than likely smarter than everyone on this craft. The Professor will want to study her, I’m sure.
Gage and Agata are last, and Jenica leads them all toward the opening and ladder, where they climb down and are met by Milica Brady. I watch from my window as the matron greets them and them motions them toward the front doors of Hexley Hall, Jenica’s scribbled notes in her hand. As they disappear into the building, I wonder about Gage and the little girl. Is Agata his sister? His daughter? Whoever she is, I can’t help but think him brave for bringing her here. If the Military Police ever found out he had been here or helped a Bionic escape, he would receive the death penalty. She must be someone important if he braved coming to the very center of the Resistance to save her. 
Jenica boards the hovercraft again and my thoughts leave Gage and little Agata. I will seek them out later, but decide for now to think about a hot meal and my warm bed. Jenica steers the hovercraft toward the Mosley building, where the ‘foot soldiers’, as she likes to call us, live. I need to visit him later to discuss adding Yasmine to our ranks, but first I want a hot meal and a shower.

“I don’t trust him.”
I already know who Dax is talking about, but I don’t want to let on that I haven’t been able to stop thinking about him since locking eyes with him on the hovercraft. I turn my back to Dax and pull my jacket off before tossing it on my bed. My dusty long-sleeved top follows and I sigh with relief as I slip the polyurethane glove from my arm. I flex my robotic fingers and the titanium gleams in the glow of the overhead lights. I reach for a clean shirt and take my time pulling it on. I have no reason to be skittish around Dax.
“Who’s that?”
I turn to face him and Dax purses his lips and tilts his head. “Yeah, okay, like you haven’t been thinking about him?”
My cheeks get hot and I tug on the hem of my shirt. “What? I have not! I mean…you know…”
Dax grins. “Relax, Blythe, I just meant that I know you’re curious about him and that little girl. A bionic left-brain? It’s unheard of.”
I take the out Dax has given me and turn toward my mirror, plucking the uncomfortable contact lens from my eye with a sigh. 
“The Professor is going to love that one,” I say as I blink a few times, allowing my robotic eye to focus on my reflection. It gives me a reading of all my vitals and I blush when I realize my heart rate has spiked during our conversation about Gage. I let my wavy hair down and run my ringers through it, feeling much more like myself now that I’m in my room and wearing clean clothes.
“Ready?” I ask.
Dax leaves his reclined position on my bed and stands, his head nearly scraping the low ceiling of my room. I’m lucky enough that I don’t have to share quarters with anyone, but Dax might as well be my roommate since he’s always here. He drops his pilot’s jacket over a chair and removes his sweater, revealing a gray, sleeveless undershirt that showcases his barrel-wide chest and powerful arms. I roll my eyes at the sight; now the girls will be mooning at him over dinner and asking me to introduce them to him when he’s not looking. 
Fucking perfect.
“Let’s go,” he says, patting his empty belly. The sound of his titanium ribs echoes in his chest and the clatter of his footsteps are heavy, as he’s taken off his boots and is walking barefoot, his prosthetics peeking out from under the cuffs in his cargo pants. The titanium echoes on the floor as we walk, falling in with the other members of our team who are leaving their rooms for the dining hall. Mosley Hall is a mishmash of outcasts, half-human half-robots, who have all shed their disguises. Energy levels are high and it seems that Dax and I are the only ones who have come back empty-handed. 
Olivia McNabb, a spunky eighteen year-old with bionic adrenal glands and a titanium right hand runs up beside me in a blur of blonde hair. Anytime I feel a rush of air whipping around or past me, I always look for Olivia. Her enhanced adrenal glands give her an extra boost of adrenaline, giving her lightning quick speed and reflexes. She’s removed her polyurethane glove and uses her robotic hand to push her messy bangs back from her face.
“Hey, how’d it go out there?”
Dax shrugs but cuts his eyes at me. I feel concern emanating from him and I know he’s wondering about how I’m feeling after staying in that trashed house. 
“No M.P.s, no Bios,” he answers simply as we leave Mosley Hall and cross the arcade toward the dining hall, which is situated right at the center of Restoration Resistance Headquarters. The grass beneath our feet and the blue sky and clouds overhead are synthetic, but I appreciate them. The Professor created the program to give us a sense of still living in the outside world. Sometimes the M.P.s step up their effort, which we tend to respond to by burying our faces in the sand. That means we all get a little stir-crazy. It’s nice not knowing what the program will surprise us with. Today it is balmy and warm; tomorrow there could be a rainstorm. 
“That’s too bad,” Olivia answers. She turns to me with an impish smile and I already know what’s going to come out of her mouth next. “You get a good look at that Gage guy?”
I keep my eyes straight ahead, avoiding both Olivia’s and Dax’s stares. I can’t afford to let them know that I still can’t get those blue-gray eyes out of my head.
“Yeah,” I answer as calmly as I can. “What about him?”
Olivia rolls her eyes. “Okay, play dumb. I’m just going to go ahead and say it. He’s freakin’ hot.”
Dax frowns and I see the corners of his mouth tense. I laugh at him, which only draw’s his dark, hawks-eye gaze toward me. I shrug.
“How’s it feel to have to share the henhouse with another rooster?” I ask. 
Dax doesn’t answer, but his lips tighten and I think he’s about to blow a gasket.
“Dax doesn’t trust him,” I offer, filling in the silence.
“Really? Seemed all right to me.”
“Olivia, if you would think past how fast you can spread our legs for this prick, you might actually see the truth.”
Olivia flips Dax the bird with her bionic hand. “Fuck you, Janner.”
She’s pretending to be mad, but her wide grin says it all. Oliva is the Resistance Headquarters slut and everybody knows it. I think she and Dax have even gone at it a few times, but I’m not sure I really want to know so I don’t ask. For some reason, the thought of my best friend and the neighborhood hoe getting it one fills my mouth with bitter bile.
“Come on you two, use your heads,” Dax continues, stopping just outside the doors of the dining hall. “How many Normals do we have running around the place?”
“You mean besides Gage?” Olivia asks.
Dax nods once.
“One,” she answers. “Oh, well other than the Professor, but he doesn’t count. He’s practically one of us.”
“Exactly. There’s a reason we don’t let them in. We have no idea what he wants or why he’s here.”
“He’s protecting the little girl,” I argue. As soon as the words are out, I regret them. Dax is staring at me as if he’d like to shake some sense into me. Deep down I know he’s right and I should be suspicious of Gage. After all, there’s a reason that we are here. 
“We don’t know what kind of connections he might have or what kind of information he might be feeding someone on the inside,” Dax argues, dropping his voice to a harsh whisper as a few more of our team and some of the refugees walk past us and into the building. “We have managed to stay hidden for years and letting this guy in could prove to be our most fatal error.”
“Well, what do you suggest we do about it Captain-Fucking-Know-It-All?” Olivia challenges, her hands on her round hips. Dax’s jaw ticks and I know he’s about three seconds away from smashing her face in…that is, if he could catch her first.
“Don’t you have someone you could be screwing right now?” Dax counters.
Olivia sways her hips and bats her eyelashes. “You offering, baby?”
“That’s enough!” I interject. I don’t like the way Olivia is looking at Dax, and I’m in no mood to watch those two get into it. Besides, I want to know exactly what Dax’s position is on Gage. We have always agreed on everything, but I have a feeling that Gage is going to be one of those topics best not discussed by us.
“So, are you going to answer the question?” I ask once the two have stopped staring daggers at each other. “What do you think we should do about Gage if he turns out to be dangerous?”
Dax shrugs. “Simple. Kill him.”



Blythe Sol, Dax Janner, and Olivia McNabb
Restoration Resistance Headquarters
August 15, 4010 
6:00 p.m.

The dining hall is buzzing with conversation as always, but I can’t hear a word of it. It’s all unintelligible—a jumble of noises and sounds, much like the hum of the hovercraft that has just brought us home. I stand in line to receive my ration, purposely avoiding Dax’s gaze. Olivia is as silent as I am and I can tell that what Dax said out on the steps is burned into her mind as well. I can tell by the width of her eyes as she watches Dax accept a bowl of a soup and a hunk of bread. Neither of us can believe what he said.
Kill him.
I glance over my shoulder to where Gage is sitting alone in the middle of the dining hall, his broad shoulders hunched over his tray. He keeps his eyes lowered and is eating methodically, almost mechanically, as if he’s doing it because he has to, not because the food tastes good. The little girl—Agata—is at the kid’s table with the Hexley Hall matron. She seems happy enough now that she’s safe and I remember that that’s all thanks to Gage. 
Kill him? 
Hell no. We should be giving this guy a medal and buying him a drink. He’s risked his own life to safe one of us, and that makes him all right in my book.
“Blythe.”
I look up to meet Dax’s eyes and see the warning there as he shakes his head, twice. My human eye twitches and aggravation causes my jaw to tick. 
Nobody tells me what to do and, damn it, Dax knows this. I turn my back on him with a swish of my hair and make my way over to Gage’s table. I can practically feel Dax’s rage, and I purposely exaggerate the sway of my hips as I go, blatantly letting him know that I don’t care what he thinks. He’s got little Miss Olivia offering to crack her legs open for him and I’ve got a hero to meet and greet. 
“Hi,” I say as I set my tray on the stainless steel table across from him and lower myself onto the matching bench. Piercing blue eyes stab me as Gage looks up from his bowl. The pupils widen and he pauses, spoon halfway up to his lips, soup sloshing over the sides. 
“Hey,” he answers in the same smooth voice I remember from the hovercraft. His tones are cultured, like the people who live in the big cities, and again I’m left wondering where this guy is from and how he ended up here. His clothes are plain—a white, long-sleeved thermal shirt, brown suede jacket and blue jeans that showcase sinful stretches of masculine muscle—but they’re high quality and it’s obvious that he’s not hard up for cash. 
After a few minutes of slack-jawed staring, Gage goes back to his soup with a shrug, obviously deciding that the fish-eyed chick across from him is freaking crazy. I’m just amazed at how beautiful he is, and elated that he isn’t staring at my bio arm like it’s a serpent. 
The dining hall has suddenly gone silent and I feel about a hundred pairs of eyes boring into me. A few whispers start up and I know they’re wondering why I’m sitting with the outsider in the room. Knowing that no one is going to accept him unless I prove he’s harmless, I try to strike up a conversation with him between bites of sausage and potato soup. 
“That was very brave, what you did today.”
I start with that whispered compliment and wait to see where it lands me. Gage’s eyelids pop up and he’s staring at me again. I shift uncomfortably under his gaze.
“One girl,” he says with a shrug. “It won’t make much of a difference.”
I lean forward, my fist clenched tightly around my spoon. “Are you kidding me? A girl with a bionic brain is just the ammunition that asshole in the White House needs to wage his war against us. If he can convince people that Bios like Agata can read or manipulate minds…” I trail off, shaking my head and sighing angrily. It takes me a moment to get myself together. “You have no idea what you have done for our cause. If nobody else tells you this…well, thank you.”
A smile finally splits Gage’s face and I can’t help but return the favor. It’s as if the corners of his mouth control mine with marionette strings. They can’t help but follow the pull of his smile. Across the room I see Dax’s mouth tightening and his nostrils flaring in annoyance. My smiles are usually only for him and Dog.
“What’s your name?” Gage asks, mopping the bottom of his bowl with the crust of his bread.
“Blythe. Blythe Sol.”
“Blythe,” he repeats slowly as if rolling the moniker around on his tongue and testing its flavor. I guess he decides he likes the taste of it because he nods. “Nice to meet you.”
“You too,” I say before taking another bite. “Where you from Gage?”
His eyes harden and his jaw clenches, his knuckles going white around his spoon. “D.C.”
My jaw drops. Only the richest and those in the upper echelon of society inhabit the nation’s capital. Gage must come from a very rich and influential family. My windpipe is suddenly gripped in an iron grasp and I feel like I’m going to be sick. If Gage is from Washington D.C., then everything that Dax suspects could very well be true. It’s just too much of a coincidence, the fact that he’s so strong and good looking and just happens to be from the city where the Military Police train and the most militant of those against us are located.
Gage must suspect the train of my thoughts because a grimace crosses his face before he says, “It’s not what you think. I really do want to help. I think it’s wrong what the President is trying to do.”
“Is that so?”
I make a mental note to rip Dax a new one later as he lowers himself onto the bench beside me, dropping his tray on to the table with a loud ‘clang’. His dark eyes are hard and shining like onyx, every muscle in his neck and shoulders coiled with tension. Gage isn’t impressed or intimidated; I admire him for meeting Dax’s anger head on.
“Yes,” he answers, his biceps flexing in answer to Dax’s clenched fists.
“And just who the hell do you think you are, marching in here like some kind of goddamn savior to the poor, deformed outcasts?”
Gage’s meaty hands grip the edge of the table as he stands, all six foot, five inches of him solid muscle. Dax is of equal size and just as frightening as he rises as well.
“Better than being some bitter, meat-headed jackass,” Gage hisses.
“That’s enough!” Olivia interrupts as she joins us at the table. For once I am happy to see her and her obnoxiously large breasts and perky smile. “Dax, the guy just got here, lay off him.”
Dax’s nostrils flair and I can tell that he wants to leap over the table and treat Gage to a roundhouse kick in the chest with one of his prosthetics, but decides against it. The guys sit back down and Olivia joins Gage on his side of the bench. I try to ignore the annoyance I feel at watching Olivia turn that wide smile on Gage.
“I’m Olivia,” she says. “I thought it was real nice what you did for that little girl.”
“It was nothing,” Gage answers, turning his attention back to his soup.
“Damn right, it wasn’t,” Dax grumbles. Gage tenses but doesn’t respond.
“Is this seat taken?”
“No!” I answer quickly to the girl with Kevlar for skin. Her name is Yasmine, I remember, as she sits down on my opposite side. “Please, join us.”
The more the merrier at this point. I have a feeling if Dax and Gage ever get a chance to really go at it; it’s going to take several of us to stop them despite the fact that Gage doesn’t have any robotic advantages. 
“You’re Blythe, right?” she asks, ignoring her plate and turning those wide, brown eyes of hers directly on me. 
I nod.
“They say you’re the one to talk to if I want to meet the Professor.”
Gage perks up at this. “I want to meet him to.”
“Whoa, you guys,” Dax says. “The Professor is a busy man. He doesn’t have time to entertain.”
“I want to join your team,” Yasmine answers, irritation edging her voice. I love the way she’s eyeballing Dax like she doesn’t give a damn. I like this girl already.
“What can you do?” Dax challenges.
Without taking her eyes off of Dax, Yasmine reaches for the knife on her tray. She brings it down, full-force, on her arm. The blade bends in half on contact, repelled by Yasmine’s diamond-hard skin. She arches one dark eyebrow at Dax.
“I can also walk through fire without getting burned and withstand temperatures cold enough to turn you into an icicle,” she says. I can hear pride in her voice and I know that she will be a lot like Jenica, who is proud of her bionic additions. Dax nods approvingly, his eyebrows raised. 
“What about you?” she asks Dax, arms folded over her chest. “So far as I can tell, you’re just a big lummox with car parts for legs.”
Dax laughs and I’m glad to hear the sound. Things have been way too tense since we left the hovercraft this afternoon. He stands and grins at Yasmine.
“Punch me,” he says, pointing to his torso. “Right here.”
Yasmine stands as if eager to take on the challenge and cocks her fist back. When it connects, the sound of bone connecting with metal reverberates through the dining hall, drawing all eyes to our table. Yasmine cradles her undoubtedly throbbing hand with the other and nods. “Okay, not bad,” she acquiesces. 
“And you can take that ‘car parts’ joke up with the Professor,” Dax says as he slides back into his place at the bench. “He’s the one that made my legs.”
“What happened to you?” Yasmine asked, her voice suddenly soft and childlike. I know that she is thinking of the day that changed all of our lives.
“I was living in Manhattan when the bombs were dropped,” Dax answers, his eyes lowered to his tray. “I wasn’t close enough for burns, but the blast took out my entire neighborhood. I got trapped under a semi from the chest down. My entire body south of my ribs has been reconstructed with titanium. My legs are enhanced with the Restoration Project’s machinery, giving them extra speed, endurance, and flexibility. I’m metal inside and out. My bones from pelvis down are titanium, but I’m skin and flesh over that down to my knees. Calves and feet are all machine.”
Everyone at the table is avoiding Dax’s gaze, all of us for different reasons. A few minutes of silence passes before Yasmine looks to Oliva. The petite blonde shrugs and flips her hair over her shoulder like she’s talking about a trip to the mall.
“Radiation poisoning,” she said as if it were no big deal. “My body was wracked with tumors for years, the worst of which were on my internal organs. By the time I finished cancer treatments, my adrenal glands were gone. I got new ones. Oh and I lost my hand in a totally unrelated incident. Call my new one a bonus.”
Gage frowns. “What reason would the President have to be afraid of a girl with enhanced adrenal glands? Look at you, you’re hardly more than a hundred and twenty pounds. You’re just a girl!”
My bionic eye catches the sneer that crosses Olivia’s lips just before she disappears in a blur of blonde hair and black suede. Two seconds later, she’s back at our table, holding a chicken leg. Across the room, one of the little ones at the kid’s table is bawling his eyes out over his missing dinner. Olivia takes a huge bite out of the chicken and grins as she chews.
“Don’t underestimate me, Gage,” she says in that throaty voice of hers that always sounds like a cat’s purr. “I’m more than just a little girl.”
Gage’s eyebrows are nearly touching his hairline, he’s so impressed with what he’s just seen. “My apologies,” he says with a laugh.
Then he swivels that blue gaze to me. “What about you?”
My mouth tightens involuntarily and my bionic eye fills my vision with readings of my heart rate going up and my core temperature rising as bile clogs my airway. Dax’s hand is on my shoulder, but his hard eyes are fixed on Gage in a narrowed glare. Just before I turn and leave the table I hear my best friend growl, “She doesn’t like to talk about it, man.”



Blythe Sol, Dax Janner, Yasmine Zambrano, and Gage Bronson
Restoration Resistance Headquarters, the office of Professor Neville Hinckley
August 15, 4010
9:00 p.m.

Entering the familiar office of the Professor calms me immediately, which is good because, for a moment there I was totally freaking out.  No one around here asks me about my past, because they know I don’t like to talk about it. I don’t talk about the injuries that caused me to enroll myself into the Restoration Project’s ‘Healing Hands’ campaign, and I don’t talk about my life before joining the Resistance. Of course, Gage, being new to the group, didn’t know that and I can’t really blame him for asking. Now I feel like an idiot for running out on them.
Fortunately, no one has called me out for acting weird. By the time the rest of the group caught up with me on the steps of the dining hall, I had gotten myself together. Gage was silent and so was Dax once he’d asked me if I was okay. Olivia had said something about a date and bounced off in the direction of the park we’d had erected a few years ago. 
“I’ll take you two to see the Professor now,” I said to Yasmine and Gage, ignoring Dax’s annoyed glare. He didn’t want Gage anywhere near our team, but I had a feeling that he would be perfect. Despite my doubts about him being from D.C., I have to say that Gage’s passion and dedication to helping our kind has me squarely in his corner. Dax can kiss my ass.
As we set off across our small citadel toward the Science and Technology center, the guys fall in behind me silently and Yasmine walks at my side. After a few seconds, she looks at me with those soulful, dark eyes of hers and I see my pain mirrored there. She has been through what I have been through.
“When the bombs dropped I was just a normal girl living in San Francisco, California. I was right at the center of the city when it happened and I suffered third degree burns over ninety percent of my body. My parents signed me up for the Healing Hands initiative, hoping to save my life. The pain was so excruciating, that all I wanted to do was die. I begged them to kill me, to let me die, but they wouldn’t.”
“They gave you new skin,” I say, hoping that she doesn’t mistake the tears in my left eye and my raspy voice for pity. I have nothing but respect for Yasmine and her bravery under the circumstances. She certainly seems to have suffered as much, or maybe even more than I have.
 “Yes,” she answers. “They fixed me and now they hunt me because they hate their own creations. They fear me; enough to hurt the people I love to get what they want.”
I understand this and I think she realizes it. 
“I just wanted you to know that you’re not alone,” she says as we come to a stop on the front steps of the Science building. “I wanted you to know that I’m here if you need a friend.”
That does it; I’m really a wreck now. No one but Dax has ever even tried to peel back my hard, brittle layers. He’s the only one I’ve ever allowed to get close enough. I force a smile and tell myself that I’m going to try for her, because as brave as she is to offer her friendship to me, I sense that she’s truly terrified, that she might need me just as much as I need Dax and Dog. 
“I’d like that,” I answer truthfully.
That seems to be enough for her because she falls silent as we enter the building. Dax and I are familiar, but our group draws a lot of  curious stares and  a few frowns because of Yasmine and Gage. I can tell that the  scientists walking past in their white lab coats are trying to figure out whether our two guests are Bionics, or if they should be afraid. They are all like us, too, many of them having once been prominent figures in the fields of science and technology before the blasts made us all freaks.
I ignore them and lead our group toward the elevator, which takes us to the top floor that serves as both the Professor’s living quarters and work area. When the elevator doors open, we see the Professor in a position we don’t often find him in: seated in front of the television. The figures of a male and female newscaster are being broadcasted into the room, and the Professor is glued to television. I know he’s heard us come in though, because he waves us forward distractedly.
“Come in, come in,” he mumbles around the chewed-up pen hanging from his mouth. Sandy brown curls frame his face in wild disarray and his signature outfit—baggy cargo pants and a turtleneck beneath a white lab coat—is wrinkled and stained with coffee, ink, and God knows what else. His round spectacles frame pale blue eyes that are always darting around nervously. To many, the Professor would appear to be a crazy man, fit for the psych ward. Those of us who know better, know him as the mad genius that he is. 
“Have a seat,” he says, motioning to the three sleek, black leather couches surrounding the large television built into the wall. We all trade amused glances before shuffling around books and stacks of paper—they’re everywhere. It takes a few minutes but once we’ve cleared off places to sit, we park it and stare expectantly at the Professor.
“Sir, we have two refugees here who’d like to be added to our team,” Dax says, only to be shushed.
“In a moment,” the Professor says without looking away from the television. “The President is about to speak and I don’t want to miss it.”
I roll my eyes and mimic a robot for Dax’s amusement. He knows how I feel about the President and his speeches.  I don’t want to hear a thing he has to say, especially not today.
“It’s the anniversary of the bombings,” Yasmine says quietly, her lips tight at the corners. “This ought to be good.”
Seeing as how we’re not going to get anything done until the President has had his say, I shut my mouth and lean into the smooth back of the couch. I don’t want to sit through this crap—get spoon-fed the horseshit that comes from this man’s mouth. He is the reason that I am what I am today and why we are all hunted. Seeing his projection in the room, so close that he looks and sounds like he’s really here, fills me with rage so strong that I cannot look away. I don’t know what it is about staring into the face of my enemy. I want to look away, but I just can’t.
Cool blue eyes seem to bore into my soul from beneath trimmed brown eyebrows. His brown hair is pomaded and arranged in its usual style, not one strand out of place. He’s got the typical good, clean, All-American good looks of every President before him, with a subtle air of something hard gleaming in his eyes. Maybe it was the two decades he served as General of the Military Police that’s put the hard glint there. Whatever the case, I can’t stand even the sight of him, despite the vibrant colors of the American flag behind him, or the sparkling white smile stretching across his chiseled face. Even the sky-blue hue of his tie cannot disguise what I’ve already discovered behind the façade he puts on as easily as a sweater or coat.
President Drummond is a monster.
“People of the United States of America,” he begins, his diction beyond perfect, his tones enunciating every t, r and s with precision. “I speak to you on a day of remembrance, a day of celebration for our nation. I am sure you are wondering, just what I mean when I say that today is a day of celebration, when so many tragic deaths are marked by this date. Even now, many of you are heading out to lay flowers in front of headstones, or gathering around one of several memorials located near many ground zero sites in cities across the country. You wonder how your beloved leader could speak so freely of joy and celebration on this day, and I do not blame you.”
“My friends, we have so much to celebrate on this day! As a nation, we are stronger than we’ve ever been, more united. In the face of adversity and struggle, we have come together to create a better society, not just for the good of our own cities and states, but for the good of our nation as a whole. Who can forget how we learned to genetically engineer healthy, wholesome foods after our supply of water was reduced by half due to pollution and waste? Because of this development, along with careful rationing of our goods, hunger has been almost completely wiped out in our cities. Am I the only one who is grateful for the vigilance of the Military Police? Because of their strictly enforced curfews and gun control policies, our violent crime rate has been reduced by ninety percent.”
I clench my teeth as I listen to the President rattle off his inane list of statistics. Every year, it’s the same old song and dance. Sure, it all sounds good, but we all know that the confiscation of firearms from every citizen other than the peacekeeping M.P.s was done in an effort at control, not safety; just like every other policy put into place by Drummond.
“No, my friends, I have not forgotten about the devastation that rocked our country four years ago on this date. The North Korean nuclear attacks on Manhattan, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Austin, Houston, Chicago, St. Louis, New Orleans, Atlanta, Phoenix, Miami, Boston, Seattle, and Pittsburg, took the lives of hundreds of thousands of people, and altered the lives of the rest of us forever. From the ashes of the travesty committed against us on that day, we have risen like the mythical phoenix, stronger, better and wiser. It was my honor as a junior Senator from Maine to lead the rebuilding efforts of our country, to throw my hat into the ring and accept your generous nomination for President of the United States. It has been my honor to serve you these four years, and to watch you thrive and fight to overcome the obstacles thrown into your paths. I urge you to join with me now, as we strive for a new order. Believe in me as I believe in you.”
He pauses as if allowing all that he has said to sink in and I feel like I’m going to be sick. President Drummond’s approval ratings are through the roof. With the exception of those of us in the resistance, the people of America see him as some kind of great savior, the charismatic junior Senator who came out of nowhere and put the country on his back, carried it across the desert when it was weak and near-dead. There is no doubt in anyone’s mind that he will be re-elected for another term come November. In fact, no one’s really putting up much of a fight, and everyone knows that the Democratic candidate is a joke, a walking punch line. No one’s going to unseat Drummond, so the upcoming election’s pretty much a waste of time.
“And now, I want to share with you another cause for celebration.”
Drummond’s image swivels to the left, and at the center of the projection, a new picture emerges, prompting gasps and shocked reactions from those of us in the room. Over the video feed of about twenty Bionics in a cage surrounded by gun-toting M.P.s, President Drummond shares his latest development, his voice tinged with barely-controlled glee.
“Late last night, our nation’s most elite Military Police unit, the Restoration Enforcers, apprehended this rogue band of Bionics living in a secret hideout in Memphis, Tennessee. According to Captain Rodney Jones, leader of the Enforcers, the hideout had been under surveillance for months and the members of this small but dangerous terrorist sect have racked up between them, over eighty criminal charges. After the rash of crimes sweeping the nation following the Restoration Project’s Healing Hands initiative, I do not think you need to be reminded just how dangerous The Bionics are. My friends, I accept my part of the blame in the creation of these abominations we now know as The Bionics. In our misguided attempts at giving those injured in the nuclear blasts a second chance, we have armed a large part of our population with weapons fit for manipulation, bending, and outright breaking of our carefully rebuilt society’s laws. Today, Vice President McCall and I wanted you to see for yourselves the extents of our efforts in finding and eliminating those Bionics that have resisted turning themselves over to use for deprogramming and the exploration of alternatives to suit their needs.”
“Fucking liar.”
Dax’s muttered curse is as loud as a gunshot in the silent room. Every eye, including mine, is glued to the projection, fixed on the faces of those captured in Tennessee. While we’d been combing an abandoned neighborhood in Dallas, we missed our chance at rescuing half a dozen members of our rebellion.
We all know that turning ourselves in to the government is a no go. For someone like me, it would mean a glass eye to replace the bionic one, and a plain old fiberglass arm to replace the robotic one. For a child like Agata, it means being turned back over to her parents a vegetable once they’ve done surgery to remove her artificial left brain. And what about Yasmine? Will they pull the skin from her flesh and leave her to die; maybe slap a few skin grafts over it and hope for the best? If at all possible, my hatred of the President, the government and everything they stand for increases to fever pitch until I feel like I want to hit something. 
Sensing this, Dax reaches out and grasps my human hand with his. Our palms touch and in the moment I am reminded of my humanity and a wave of calm washes over and through me. I squeeze his hand back tightly, so tightly that I know it would hurt if it were any hand but his. This is Dax, though, and I know how big bear paw can take it. I squeeze with all of my strength until the anger is gone. I sense Gage’s gaze on our clasped hands and ignore his questioning stare. We may have shared a moment in the cafeteria in which I decided he’s not a threat to me, and maybe I think his eyes are the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. So what? At the end of the day, Dax is the one I trust with my life. More than that, Dax is the one I trust with my emotions and secrets.
“Because of their rebellion and breaking of the law requiring all Bionics to willing turn themselves over to the Restoration Projects Science and Technology Department, these members of the terrorist organization known as ‘The Resistance', will be put to death on the eighteenth of August. Their executions will be televised live as a message to those still holding out hope that this so-called Resistance will accomplish anything. It will serve as a reminder to them, that they have no choice but to turn themselves over for the good of their country and for the safety of other citizens. Ladies and gentlemen, I leave you now with this plea; if you have any information that will lead to the capture of one or many rogue Bionics, please do not hesitate to inform the nearest Military Police Officer. Do not try to apprehend them yourselves, as they are often dangerous and violent. Urge any family members that you are harboring to turn themselves in, for they are not only posing a risk to those around them, they are also sacrificing your freedom as well, as any citizen found harboring fugitives faces severe penalties according to the laws of their individual states. Any person with bionic apparatuses issued by the government who turn themselves in willingly will not face any penalty. Please, everyone, let us do the right thing for the good of our continued growth and prosperity as a nation. Thank you and God bless the United States of America.”
The President’s image disappears and the newsroom is now being broadcasted into the Professor’s living space. After a few moments, the Professor finds his remote and silences the inane chatter of two newscasters. He knows none of us want to hear the political pundits continually praise Drummond’s efforts at creating peace and harmony in our society. 
We’ve heard it all before.
After a few minutes of silence in which everyone works through whatever emotions are the strongest, Dax stands and faces the Professor, who is sitting in his favorite armchair, arms wrapped around his chest as if he’s in an immense amount of pain. 
“Sir, we should really call a meeting with Jenica and discuss a rescue mission,” he says softly, knowing as well as I do that the Professor is probably in emotional hell right now. As one of the foremost scientists leading the Restoration Project’s Healing Hands initiative, Professor Neville Hinkley personally created all of the bionic and computerized technology used to modify those injured in the blast, and even some like Olivia, who were exposed to radiation and lost vital organs to disease because of poisoning. He never says it out loud, but I know he feels responsible for many of our predicaments. After all, he created us. None of us blame him, at least none that I know of. If anything, we love him for saving us, for going underground with Resistance and giving us a safe haven from the tyrannical laws of our President.
“Sir?” Dax says when the Professor doesn’t answer. 
The Professor’s head snaps up and he pulls his pen slowly away from his mouth, blinking several times and looking around the room as if just now realizing that he has visitors. 
“Hello,” he says softly, gazing back and forth between Yasmine and Gage. “I am Professor Neville Hinkley.”
“Yasmine Zambrano.”
“Gage Bronson.”
The Professor cocks his head slightly and studies Gage. “Have we met before? Looking at you, I’m experiencing a rather strong sense of déjà vu.”
Gage lowers his gaze from the Professor’s and shakes his head. I don’t know if it’s my imagination or not, but he seems to blush a bit as he answers.
“No, sir, I don’t think so.”
He studies Gage a bit longer and then shrugs, seeming to dismiss the conundrum from his mind. Whatever it is, I’m sure he’ll let us know if he remembers.
“It’s very nice to meet you both.”
He turns to me, his eyes expectant behind his frames. “How many in Dallas?”
I shake my head. “No more than two dozen. These two were with them. They’re interested in joining our team, Sir.”
The Professor looks at Yasmine and smiles, reaching out to touch her arm. Yasmine flinches, but is otherwise still for the Professors inspection.
“Lovely,” he murmurs as he taps his fingers against Yasmine’s skin. “Flawless finish, strong, durable; a girl with impenetrable skin. How much of this did they use on you?”
“It covers ninety percent of my body,” Yasmine answers.
The Professor smiles. “A human’s skin is his first line of defense against injury and sickness. Tell me, since receiving your skin transplant, have you experienced any illness at all?”
Yasmine opens her mouth to answer, but Gage’s voice muffles her response.
“I’m sorry, but shouldn’t you know these things already? After all, you are the inventor of every bionic organ or body part currently used by the government.”
I sense ambivalence in Gage’s tone, and I don’t think I like it. Dax doesn’t either. The Professor fixes Gage with his wide, wise stare, seemingly unruffled by the stranger’s outburst. 
“My time as leader of the Healing Hands initiative was ended when I spoke out against the treatment of our patients. There wasn’t time for me to document the side effects, benefits, or drawbacks of every single case. To date, Miss Zambrano is the first recipient of a skin transplant that I’ve had a chance to interview.”
That shuts Gage up and he allows the conversation to continue uninterrupted.
“I have not been sick,” she answers with a smile. “Not once since the transplant.”
The Professor smiles and claps his hands together in excitement. “Fascinating. Just fascinating.”
He swivels his gaze toward Gage and frowns. “You do not possess any modifications, young man.”
Gage shakes his head. “No. I came here with a family member; my cousin Agata. She has a very…unique and—according to the government—dangerous modification.”
“A bionic left brain,” I add at the Professor’s confused expression.
Confusion melts into horror as he removes his glasses and stares at Gage in disbelief. “Young man, you would have me to believe that Restoration actually approved the use of a bionic cerebrum?”
“You aren’t the one who performed the operation?” Gage fired back.
The Professor shakes his head and stands, pacing in front of the now dead television screen. “I created the bionic cerebrum as an experiment. Theoretically, it could restore full mental function to a person with limited brain damage. It was designed in a way that it could be used as a whole, or in pieces. My main goal was replacement of the frontal lobes, which are responsible for the retaining of long-term memory. It was never approved for use by my superiors. Their reasoning was that it could potentially create a person with the mind of a computer, capable of cracking the codes of a bank safe in under one minute, or even such boggling tasks as mind reading or control. Of course, I never believed in the paranormal potential of such a device, but I could see how a computerized brain could pose a problem. In the hands of a convict or criminal, it could be quite dangerous.”
“Well, one year ago, before President Drummond went on a witch hunt for the Bionics, an experimental surgery was approved,” Gage says. “One patient who had been in a near vegetative state since a head injury caused by the blast was chosen as a candidate. The results were stunning.”
“I’d very much like to meet with the child.”
Gage shrugged. “I’d be willing to arrange that on one condition.”
“Name your price, young man.”
“Whatever rescue mission you’ve got planned for the prisoners from Memphis…I want in.”



Blythe Sol and Dog
Restoration Resistance Headquarters, Mosley Hall
August 16, 4010
3:00 a.m.

The blinding flash causes me to cover my eyes as the sounds of screeching brakes and metal slamming against metal fills my ears. The car flips as if someone has pulled the street out from under it, and the seatbelt bites into my shoulder and chest, leaving an imprint that will stay with me for weeks after this day. The windows explode and shards of glass fill the car, spinning through the air in front of my face in a haunting, macabre dance of deadly danger. My hands move to cover my face too late; a split second before I shield my eyes, a layer of blackness blocks out half my vision. Later surgeons will pull a three inch shard of glass from my eye. Through my right eye I see a foreign object flying through the gaping hole where a car door used to be. Seconds later, I can no longer feel my right arm…

The screams echoing from the walls of my bedroom are deafening. The high-pitched sounds mingle with the howling of some deranged animal, to create a chorus worthy of a full moon. Sweat is dripping down my face, neck, and back as I shoot upright in the bed, realizing through the haze of still-clinging sleep that the noise is coming from me. More precisely it is coming from both me and Dog. I clamp my mouth shut and fight to catch my breath, bringing my hand up over my closed left eye. As always, the vibration of machinery meets my fingers and I sigh in both relief and despair. Dog goes quiet, realizing that I am now awake and calm. He licks my hand to console me and I reach down to hug him, assuring him that I will be okay. A few seconds later, the pounding at my door tells me that Dax was awakened by my nightmare-induced screaming.
Again.
“Blythe, it’s me, Gage, are you okay?”
I raise my eyebrows at Dog and frown. Gage? What the hell is he doing in Mosley Hall? I glance at the clock on my nightstand and realize that it’s three o’clock in the morning. He knocks again, more quietly this time, flinging me into full wakefulness. I jump up and run to the door, realizing that he’ll wake everyone in the hall if I don’t answer him soon.
I fling the door open to find him on the other side, still fully dressed with his hair standing on end like he’s been raking his fingers through it again. His eyes travel over me and my face gets hot as I realize I’m not wearing anything but a tank top and a pair of indecently short shorts, and both are drenched in my sweat. Gage blinks a few times before focusing his gaze back on mine again. He swallows noisily and leans against the doorframe.
“I was walking and heard screams coming through your window. By the time I figured out what room you were in and got inside, you’d stopped, but I wanted to make sure you’re okay.”
Makes sense. My room faces the front of the building and my bed is close to the window. Still doesn’t explain why he’s out walking the grounds at three a.m.
“I couldn’t sleep,” he says as if he read my mine. “Got a lot on my mind.”
I nod and open the door a bit wider. “You can come in if you want. I doubt I’ll be getting back to sleep either.”
He enters without hesitation and I close the door behind him, leaning against the heavy wood and watching him as he moves toward the center of the room. No one else fills up quite so much of my space except for Dax. I doubt they could both fit in here; standing side by side, their shoulders could probably span the width of the cube I call home. My eyes are watching the ripple of muscles that undulate across his torso as he removes his leather jacket to reveal the same white thermal top he’d been wearing earlier when we met. He turns and looks at me expectantly and I shake my head to clear it of thoughts of him whipping that shirt off over his head.
“Oh, sorry. Please, sit down.”
He lowers himself onto the only available seat in the room. My bed. He’s near the foot of the bed, so I take a spot near the headboard, pressing my back against the rough, chipped wood in an effort at placing some distance between us. I don’t know how I feel about the fact that being so close to him makes me feel as if my skin is on fire. 
“So…” he trails off and clears his throat, shifting on the bed. “Are you okay?”
I lower my eyes and try to decide what I’m going to say. The only person that knows about the night terrors is Dax…and maybe Jenica since she shares a wall with me on the other side, but I’m not sure. She at least has enough respect for me not to say anything about it if she’s heard me screaming until I’m hoarse. Dax says I only do it when I’ve had a particularly jarring day. I’m thinking that coming back from our trek in Dallas empty-handed and then seeing those poor people from Memphis—many of them elderly and children—branded as terrorists when I know in my heart that they did nothing wrong, has taken its toll on me and brought up memories of my own past. It’s always the same; screeching brakes, shattering glass, the spray of blood and gore, that blinding flash of light that started it all and changed my life forever.
“I’m worried about Agata,” he continues talking when I don’t respond. “I mean, I know she’s safe now. Getting her here was my first priority.”
“Even if it means death for you?”
His head comes up and his stare is sharp as it connects with mine. “There are some things that are worse than death.”
I wonder if he realizes he’s preaching to the choir.
“I wish that I had died that day,” I admit, unable to look away from his gaze no matter how much my mind tells me that I need to. “I wish that all the time.”
He inches closer to me on the bed. “Is it really so bad? Professor Neville gave you and the others a second chance at life. It’s not fair that the government has decided you and others like you pose a threat.”
I think about a news broadcast I saw a couple of weeks ago, showing a surveillance video of a man with an arm identical to mine smashing in the window of someone’s car and beating them to a bloody pulp for no reason, before pulling a limp body from the driver’s seat and driving off in the stolen vehicle. Of course the thief was found and immediately executed; no trail, no jury, no questions asked. 
“Some of us are dangerous,” I answer, and of course, it’s the truth.
“Some people are dangerous,” he insists. “Bionics are still people….just modified.”
“Right now your blood pressure is 124/90, your heart rate is an elevated 70 beats per minute; not bad, but still high for a healthy male that I assume is athletic. You have a tattoo on your left arm of an eagle, and a fractured rib.”
I reach out with my bionic arm and poke the rib for emphasis, raising my eyebrows as he winces in pain. “Still think I’m human?”
Gage reaches for my arm—my robotic arm—and grabs it by the hand. I can’t feel it, or his hand circling the wrist above it. His eyebrows wrinkle as he turns my arm over, inside facing up. He traces the inside of my arm, his fingers sliding over the cool metal, and for the first time since I woke up with that hunk of machinery on the other end of my elbow, I am wishing that I could feel the damn thing. 
“Cold,” he murmurs as he draws circles on the metal. His fingers stop on the inside of my elbow, on the line where the titanium ends and I begin. I hear his breath catch in his throat and another noisy swallow as the pad of his index finger slides over my skin. I gasp as he trails it up the inside of my arm, flesh now on flesh. The human contact that I’ve denied myself for years has left me sensitive to every touch, and I feel as if I’m being caressed for the first time. 
Of course Dax has held my hand from time to time; he’s even held me against him some nights when the nightmares get particularly bad until I fall back asleep. But he’s never touched me like this, and while I’m no virgin I certainly feel like one right now. A thousand emotions are exploding in me at one time and just as many sensations are following the path his finger traces up to my shoulder, pausing at the strap of my tank top.
“Warm,” he says with a smile. “Only about….what…ten percent of you is metal. When I got past your elbow, I felt skin, blood flowing through veins, muscle, and…goose bumps?”
He says that last bit with a smile, forcing me to look away in embarrassment. He holds his arm out toward me, pulling up the sleeve of his shirt and revealing a tanned arm sprinkled with light blond hair, which is standing on end.
“See?” he says gently, his head way too close to mine, his breath brushing my cheek. “I have them too.”
I reach out with my human hand and touch his arm. His opposite hand comes up to cover mine.
“If anything,” he says, his fingers gripping mine tightly, “the additions to your body give you character. They tell a story about where you’ve been.”
He pauses, leaning in so close that locks of his hair brush my forehead. “Where have you been, Blythe?”
I know he’s referring to the screams and my nightmare. I wonder if I can put him off like I do the others, but quickly realize by the glint in his eyes that he’s not letting me off that easy. I clear my throat and open my mouth, but no sound comes out. Gage leans forward and presses his lips to mine, taking advantage of my open mouth to nibble on my lower lip.
With a soft sigh, he closes the distance between us and cups my face in his hands, taking my breath away with the simple act of molding his mouth to mine. My hands resting on his thick thighs, I come up on my knees on the bed, leaning into him, trembling both inwardly and outwardly, unsure of what I’m doing or why I’m doing it, but know that I can’t stop. Kissing Gage feels like the freedom I used to feel walking down the street before the government labeled Bionics as dangerous. It feels like freedom.
“Hey Blythe, I couldn’t sleep and I was thinking…”
Dax’s voice trails off as the door knocks against the wall, pushed open by my bone-headed best friend who never knocks because he knows I’m never doing anything he can’t see me doing. 
Except this time.
This time, guilt propels me away from Gage and back against the headboard, my lowered eyelids shielding me from Dax’s dark glare.
“Sorry,” he says, sounding anything but. “Didn’t realize you’d have a visitor at three o’clock in the god damn morning.”
Part of me wants to rip Dax a new asshole for being such a jerk. What right does he have being mad at me when I know he’s screwed Olivia on several occasions, and who knows what other groupies he’s got salivating over him in both Mosley and Hexley Halls? Another part of me feels like I just got caught doing something unforgiveable, although I’m not sure if it was that I kissed someone, or if it’s just the fact that the someone I kissed happens to be Gage.
Gage stands slowly, his hawk’s eye gaze swiveling from me to Dax and back again. He nods as if figuring something out and collects his jacket.
“It is pretty late,” he says as if he had no idea what time it was. “I’ll let you get some sleep now, Blythe. See you at the meeting tomorrow morning?”
With my nightmare and Gage’s appearance at my door, I’d forgotten all about the meeting Professor Neville organized for tomorrow morning over breakfast. Jenica will be bringing her intel on the Memphis Resistance group and we’ll be formulating a plan from there. Dax hates that Gage was even invited.
“Sure,” I say. “Good night.”
He leaves with a nod in Dax’s direction. The jackass who’s supposed to be my best friend just continues staring daggers at Gage until he’s disappeared down the hall. He then slams the door and walks to the middle of the room, pauses, runs a hand over his buzz-cut head, and paces to the door and back again, his face a mask of disbelief. When he finally speaks, his voice is a hoarse whisper.
“What the hell did I just witness?”
I rear back as if slapped and, honestly, its how I feel. “What I think you just witnessed,” I hiss, coming to my feet, “was a consensual act between two mature adults that had nothing to do with you.”
“Nothing to do with me? How can you say that?”
He looks truly hurt, and for the life of me I can’t figure out why. In fact, for some reason, it downright pisses me off.
“You know what?” I challenge, stepping toward him and tilting my head back to look him in the eye. “I can say that, because it seriously has nothing to do with you! Do I come barging in your room when you’re rattling the headboard with Olivia?”
His jaw gets so tight I’m afraid it might snap. “That’s not fair.”
“Why not, because I’m a girl and I’m supposed to sit around with a chastity belt on while I wait for you to make a move?”
Dax clutches his chest like the wind’s been knocked from him. “You’ve been waiting for me to make a move?”
Shit.
 I didn’t mean it like that. 
Or did I? 
I honestly can’t say that I’m sure about that one. Dax is sexy for sure and, a great friend, but do I like him in that way; want him the way Olivia does? I’ve never explored the possibility, because I’ve never thought of him that way. He’s like Dog; comfortable, loyal, and mine. 
“No,” I say, a half lie. “What I meant, was that I don’t understand why you’re so upset when we’re just friends. Right?”
Dax studies me for a minute before sighing noisily, bringing his hands up to his hips. He hangs his heads and nods. “Yeah, Blythe. We are friends, and that’s why I’m worried about you getting too close to this guy. We don’t know him, we don’t know where he’s from, and we don’t know what he wants. I don’t trust him.”
“You’re being ridiculous. You don’t know anything about him!”
“And you do?”
I cross my arms over my chest. “I know that he’s from D.C. And before you start going on and on about how that makes him even more unsavory, consider this: a guy from D.C. probably has government officials or M.P.s in his family. That means the axe would fall even harder on his neck if someone were to rat him out for rescuing that little girl. Don’t you get it? He’s put his life on the line for her and he cares about The Bionics! You may not be able to see that, but I do.”
“So you’re going to let blond hair and a set of blue eyes turn your head? Where’s your focus, B?”
“From what I’ve been hearing through this wall between my room and yours, blonde hair and blue eyes have been turning your head at least once a week for months now. And my focus is where it’s always been: on finding the others and saving them before it’s too late.”
Dax turns toward my door, glancing back at me over his shoulder. “I only want to make sure you’re okay. I know that August fifteenth is always hard for you. It’s hard for all of us.”
I turn my back on him, unwilling to continue to allow guilt to gnaw at me for something I shouldn’t feel guilty about. “It’s the sixteenth now, Dax, and I’m fine.”



Blyth Sol, Gage Bronson, Yasmine Zambrano, Jenica Swan and Professor Neville Hinkley
Restoration Resistance Headquarters, the office of Professor Neville Hinkley
August 16, 4010 
7:00 a.m.

Breakfast in the Professor’s quarters is tense, but necessary if we’re going to organize some kind of rescue mission for forty-eight hours from now. Jenica has rolled in the flat screen partitions, filling the dining area with maps and surveillance footage of both Memphis and Stonehead, the maximum security prison facility where Bionics are held while awaiting their punishment, which is always execution. We are watching a video feed hijacked from the M.P. station in Memphis, of Bionics coming and going from their underground shelter. They did a good job of keeping hidden, only letting those with less obvious technology leave and only when absolutely necessary. It was the small mistakes that got them caught, and we all watch the footage of the arrest silently, some of us with anger in our eyes, other with despair.
Beside me, Yasmine allows a tear to slip down her cheek and across from me I can see that Olivia is fighting them. Professor Neville has already seen this footage and is busy tackling his biscuits and coffee. Dax and Gage are glaring at each other from across the table and any second now I’m thinking they’re going to pull out the rulers for a dick-measuring contest.
Men.
“That footage was taken by Military Police cameras outside the Memphis hideout for the group of refugees arrested by the Enforcers,” Jenica says, pausing the video feed and turning to face us with her usual military precision. “Our intel suggests, that even though many of them were captured, there are still several down there needing rescue.”
“How many?” Dax asks, leaning back in his chair and crossing his arms across his chest.
“At least one hundred,” she answers. “Should we undergo a rescue mission, we will need two crafts to bring them back, so we’ll need a second pilot. I will, of course, serve as the first.”
“It’s a trap,” says Olivia, popping a genetically engineered grape into her mouth. My whole life I have wondered if the bio-crap the government came up with to replace real produce tastes anything like the stuff that used to grow in the ground. Of course, this technology is at least a century older than I am and by the time I was born real crops were no longer an option. Oh, and forget about beef from a real cow. I’ve never even seen a cow in person, let alone eaten one. Everything is synthetic; the real stuff is reserved for those with really deep pockets. I’m sure the President is eating Grade A beef with his eggs right now. 
The bastard.
“Of course it’s a trap,” Jenica snaps, her human eye rolling in exasperation. “That doesn’t mean we’re going to leave them there in the hands of the Enforcers. We need to think of a way to draw the M.P.s away long enough for us to get them out of there.”
“Why not focus on the refugees already captured by the Enforcers?” Gage asks. 
“Because it’s exactly what they’ll be expecting,” I answer. “It’s too obvious.”
Gage smiles and I lower my eyes to my half-eaten toast and blush.
“Then let’s do something way less obvious and way more daring,” he says.
Jenica frowns. “I don’t think I like the sound of that, but perhaps you should elaborate Mister Bronson.”
Gage stands, bracing himself against the table with his large fists. He turns his head slowly, looking every one in our group in the eye as he speaks.
“It’s simple, really. We go out in two team; one to Memphis and the other to Stonehead.”
Jenica gasps. “A double mission? Infiltrating Stonehead and the Memphis hideout on the same day?”
“Not just on the same day,” Gage answers, “but at the exact same time as well.”
“Impossible,” Dax snorts. “We don’t have that kind of firepower and we don’t have that many people.”
“The way I see it, you wouldn’t need that many people if one of your groups carried a walking EMP,” Professor Neville interjects, his voice barely above a whisper.
“An EMP?” Gage asks. “What is that?”
“Electromagnetic pulse,” Jenica answers her brow knit with bewilderment as she studies the Professor. “But, Sir, that would render us all helpless. Every member of our team would be stuck in the field with malfunctioning apparatuses.”
“Can someone please explain—real-people speak—what the hell an electromagnetic pulse is and why it’s a problem?” Gage asks, pacing toward the monitors near Jenica and studying the virtual layouts of the two places we need to infiltrate.
“An EMP is a burst of electromagnetic radiation,” the Professor says, standing as he goes into what I like to call ‘teacher mode’. Basically, it is a wave of particles, both electric and magnetic that usually results from a high energy explosion, like a nuclear bomb. It is capable of coupling with electrical systems and producing damaging voltage surges. In short, it can cause a breakdown of an entire network of computerized hardware, rendering it useless. As Miss Swan, and everyone else in this room is fully aware, centuries ago, we discovered that an electromagnetic pulse could be created without the harmful effects of nuclear explosion, enabling a person to harness the same side effects.”
“Meaning, if an EMP goes off anywhere near any person with bionic equipment, it’s going to crap out on them,” I say between sips of coffee. 
“I don’t get it,” Gage says to the Professor. “If the EMP is dangerous to pretty much everyone in this room, why would you suggest us bringing in a portable one?”
“Because it would disable M.P. armor, weapons and vehicles,” Olivia supplies with a shrug.
“The playing field would be even then, but I’d rather have the advantage,” Jenica says.
The Professor clears his throat. “I’ll clear all that up if you would just follow me to the lab. I want to show you all something.”

Through the plate glass window separating us from the pristine, white room on the other side we see Agata seated in a comfortable chair, surrounded by electronic devices. Televisions blare various programs in a symphony of noise that would drive me nuts if I were here. Robotic children’s toys walk across the floor with a chorus of beeps and flashes of flickering light. Music blares from several stereos. I’m grateful that the thick glass blocks out most of the irritating sound and I wonder how the little girl can stand it.
“What’s she doing in there?” Gage asks. His stance is a protective one, his face full of concern for the little girl. “Haven’t you studied her enough?”
The Professor nodded. “Our session last night was eye-opening, to put it mildly. Agata passed every test put to her with perfection and excelled in every area of reason, logic, and mathematics she was tested in. Her grasp of the subject matter surpasses that of many of my colleagues and subordinates. It really is quite fascinating the way her mind works. The robotic left-brain works side by side with the robotic right-brain in a way that increases her brain power to ten times that of a normal human being. She thinks faster and better than anyone in this building and is able to compute even the most difficult of equations in less than one minute. And that’s not all.”
“Her left brain can emit an EMP?” Jenica guests, her human eye wide with shock. “How is that possible?”
“The technology that was used to build the bionic cerebrum makes it possible,” he answers. “Agata is able to emit the energy pulse, but—and this is the best part—she can control it, direct it where she wants it go with a single thought.”
“Watch,” he adds, pressing the intercom button that allows him to communicate with Agata from outside of the room. “Agata, how are you this morning? I trust you enjoyed your breakfast?”
The little girl smiles at us from her side of the glass and nods. “It was wonderful, thank you.”
“Excellent,” the Professor answers with a smile of his own. His eyes crinkle at the corners and I can tell by the softness in the pale blue depths that he’s already in love with the child. Perhaps because she is a walking, talking miracle that he had a hand in. Perhaps it’s because she is a symbol to him, proof that all is not lost in this war we fight against the government. 
“Agata, would you please demonstrate for everyone what you showed me last night?”
She nods again. “Certainly. Which of the devices would you like me to focus on?”
“The two flat screens to your left, please.”
We all look on in awe as Agata turns to the two screens blaring newscasts into the room. In the blink of an eye, they have gone dead with no more than a look from her. Agata smiles at our shocked expressions and decides to give us a show. One by one, she shuts down every piece of technology in the room. Thankfully, the thick wall and plate glass between us and her protect us from the pulse she’s sending out. Once the stereos fall silent and the robotic toys stop their dancing and chirping, she sits back in her chair, folding her hands primly in her lap.
“Wonderful,” the Professor says through the intercom. He turns to the lab aide standing at the back of our group. “Tess, would you please escort Agata back to Hexley Hall?”
“Yes, Sir,” the aide responds. She enters the room, her gait uneven because of one bionic leg. After a few moments of chatter and smiles, she leads Agata from the room and down the hall—but not before the little girl had shot Gage her megawatt, gap-toothed smile and waved. Gage waved back and put on a smile for the girl’s benefit, but once she was gone, he turned his stony glare on the Professor.
“No,” he says from between clenched teeth. “Absolutely not. I will not allow my niece to be used as a weapon.”
The Professor removes his specs and wipes them with the bottom of his lap coat. “I expected this reaction from you, although when I thought of the idea, I didn’t realize that your family bond with her was so close.”
“She’s my sister’s daughter and I promised I’d keep her safe.”
“She would be safe,” Jenica says softly, and it is the first time I’ve ever heard compassion in her voice. “In order to focus her EMP signal on a target, she only needs to be able to see it. Am I right Professor? She should be able to do that from the hovercraft.”
The Professor nods. “You are correct, Miss Swan, but we will not try to force Mister Bronson to do something he’d rather not do. If he says no we have to respect that.”
“Like hell we do,” Dax hisses, turning toward Gage, his lips curled in a sneer. “Look, you bulldozed your way in here and forced your way onto our team. Everyone here has to make sacrifices for the good of the Resistance, and that means you too; no matter how rich and snooty you may have been before you came here, you’re now a refugee and—because of Blythe—a member of this team. Attacking two places at once was your bright idea. The least you can do is contribute.”
Gage meets Dax head on, and the two look like jungle cats ready to pounce on each other. I can’t say that the sight is all that bad. It’s actually kind of stimulating.
“I have sacrificed more than you will ever know to keep Agata safe,” Gage says, his jaw clenching in fury. “I will give everything I have to the Resistance, but not her. Agata is off limits.”
Dax snorts. “Spoken like a truly spoiled, rich kid. Do you have any idea what the people in this room have been through? What those prisoners at Stonehead will be put through if we don’t save them?”
“That’s enough!”
I can’t believe the sharpness of my tone but, really, I’ve had enough of the bickering. Dax is being an asshole and the Professor is asking the impossible of a guy who just risked his neck to save a girl we want to use as a piece of equipment. I force myself between the two large men and push them apart, one hand on each broad, muscled chest.
“Dax, Gage is right. We can’t ask him to risk his niece for us. You know how valuable a piece of collateral like Agata would be to the government. She is dangerous to them and they would stop at nothing to use her to get at the rest of us if they had to. If they captured her, she could even be used as a weapon against us. If someone asked you to risk my life, or Olivia’s or Jenica’s, would you do it?”
Dax looks like he wants to strangle me, but the hardness around his mouth is slowly starting to soften. 
“Of course not,” he says, his voice clipped. 
“Exactly; because we are your family. Gage and Agata are now a part of that family and we have to treat them as such. If Gage says no, that means no.”
I look to Gage as I drop my hands from their chests, satisfied that they’re calm and not ready to leap over me to get at each other.
“Gage, I know that you don’t know us very well and you may not trust us. I get it, okay? But, if you would just think about it…”
My voice trails off as Gage brushes past me, stomping angrily for the exit. Without a word he is gone and I’m left looking like an idiot in front of everybody.
That does it.
Now I’m pissed.



Blythe Sol and Gage Bronson
The Green at Restoration Resistance Headquarters
August 16, 2012
9:00 a.m.

“Hey!”
He keeps walking like he doesn’t hear me and that only fuels my anger. I try not to think too much about the sway of his narrow hips or the ripple of his back muscles beneath his fitted, black t-shirt, or even the cool air that is whipping through those blond strands of hair that make me want to run my fingers through them.
Because those thoughts are completely inappropriate.
“I’m not kidding, Gage, I will smack the shit out of you with my titanium hand and you’ll wake up tomorrow with a concussion!”
That stops him right in his tracks and I wonder if it’s because he thinks I’ll do it, or if he’s calling my bluff. Either way, I’ll take it. We’re alone on The Green, a patch of synthetic grass dotted with trees, flowers and benches; the kids’ playground is a few feet away, but the little ones are probably at the schoolhouse the Professor built for them and no one’s here. Just because we’re in hiding, doesn’t mean we don’t want our kids to get a good education. One day, when we’ve righted the wrongs of our country and are able to become productive members of society again, we want the kids to be ready.
“What do you want from me, Blythe?” 
The question catches me off guard, even though what I wanted to do at first was convince him to let us use Agata. Now, looking at him and seeing pain wrapped in mystery flashing in his eyes, I am not sure exactly what it is he’s asking. Does he need to know what I want from him right this second, or are we talking about something deeper? 
“You came to me yesterday and acted like you wanted friendship, you kissed me—”
“I believe it was you who did the kissing,” I interject, my face going hot despite the cold air whipping around us at the thought of his lips on mine.
Gage lifts a blond brow and snorts sarcastically. “Yeah, and it only takes one to tango. Give me break, Blythe; if your boyfriend hadn’t come in and ruined it, I could have had you on your back.”
Part of me wants to be mad, but the other part of me wants so badly to retort by telling him that I would have preferred it if he were on his back. 
Instead, I defend myself with, “Dax is not my boyfriend.”
“Are you sure about that? The way I see it, he’s awfully possessive of you and not shy about marking his territory. He’s a lot like that dog of yours…he might as well have pulled out his pecker and pissed around you to mark his territory!”
“Are you trying to make a point, or are you being obnoxious on purpose?”
“My point, Blythe, is that you’re a taker. You are willing to take whatever I give you and look at me with those big, beautiful eyes of yours and talk to me about trust. With those same eyes, you close yourself off to me and refuse to answer me when I ask you where you’ve been. How am I supposed to trust you with my niece, with her life, my life, when you won’t do the same for me? That family bull you were spouting back there doesn’t mean shit to me if you’re going to take from me without giving back. I don’t know about you, but where I’m from people in a family don’t do that.”
The howling of the wind picks up and for awhile it’s the only sound that can be heard on the green. Someone has let Dog out of the dorm—everyone at Mosley Hall helps me look after him—and he’s now loping toward us across the grass, his pink tongue hanging sideways out of his mouth. He nudges my hand with his head; his way of telling me that he wants to be scratched behind the ears. I oblige him in an effort at distraction, but it only works for so long. Gage has taken my silence to mean that I’m indifferent and he turns on his heels to walk away.
“That’s what I thought,” he shoots over his shoulder as he disappears back toward Hexley Hall.

A few hours later I find him in his room with little Agata. The two are lying on the bed together, her head on his chest, and he is telling her a story about a fairy princess. I stand in the doorway and watch them, something familiar tugging on my insides as I remember being in a similar position with my father. A smile is pulling at the corners of my lips as I watch them, silently waiting for Gage to finish. 
“And the princess, her prince, and the unicorn robot all moved into the pink castle together. And…”
“They lived happily ever after,” Agata supplied with a grin. “You tell the best stories Uncle Gage.”
Gage looks up from his place on the bed, his eyes flashing in annoyance as they lock with mine. Agata, oblivious to his anger toward me, jumps up and runs over to where I stand in the doorway.
“Hi! I know you, you’re Blythe. Your arm is cool.”
I hold the bionic limb up and twist it around, flexing the metal fingers. “You think so? Yours sounds much cooler.”
She shrugs and grabs the hand, pulling me into the room. “You know my Uncle Gage, right?”
I glance over at Gage, but he’s avoiding looking at me now, so I turn my attention back to Agata.
“Yes, I do. He’s a great guy, isn’t he?”
She pulls me down on the bed, and with Gage’s bulky frame stretched across one side of the mattress it’s awful crowded. Agata doesn’t seem to mind as she crosses her legs and bounces excitedly, talking a mile a minute.
“Oh, he’s the best. He brought me here to get me away from the bad people. Is that why you’re here? Did someone bring you here to get you away from the bad people?”
I nod and smile, finding her innocence and sweetness endearing. “Yeah. My best friend Dax—the really big guy I was with earlier—he saved me from some bad people too. They wanted to arrest me for being different.”
“Different like me.”
“Yes, that’s right. He told me about this place and the Professor. He told me that I would be safe here and that we could be a family.”
Agata frowned, her pale eyebrows scrunching adorably over wide doe eyes. “Don’t you have your own family?”
My heart is beating in double time and my eye responds by filling my vision with my stats and vitals. Anxiety claws at me as the details of my past flicker through my mind like a slow motion film. The little girl inside of me wants to fall to the floor and curl up into the fetal position and cry. The brittle part of my personality wants to shove this girl across the bed and snarl at her to mind her own business. Another part of me feels Gage’s eyes on my face and I know he’s waiting for the answer too. And before I can stop myself, the words are coming out and as I speak them, I am looking into Gage’s eyes, not Agata’s.
“I had a family,” I say, practically choking on the lump in my throat. “They died.”
“All of them?” she asks her rose-petal pink mouth parted in disbelief.
I nod. “Yes. The Military Police killed them trying to get to me. You see, my father didn’t want to turn me over to the government. Just like I’m sure your mom didn’t want to hand you over.”
Agata shakes her head with conviction. “No. That’s why Uncle Gage hid me.”
“Well, I didn’t have an Uncle to help me get away. I just had my parents and little sister, who risked their lives to keep me hidden in the basement. Someone found out I was there and told on us. The bad men took me from my family and burned our house down with them still inside it.”
Agata is crying and as she reaches out toward my face and as her chubby fingers come away wet, I realize that her tears are mirrored on my face.
“You must have been so sad and alone,” she says.
“Yeah. But I had Dax. He saved me before the bad men could kill me too. He’s my family now, and so are the Professor, Olivia and Jenica too.”
“That mean girl with the robot face?”
I laugh through my tears and ruffle Agata’s blonde curls. “Jenica is not mean. She’s just a little too serious sometimes. But, you know what? I can tell she really likes you.”
Agata seems to think about this for a minute before answering.
“I like her too, I think,” she says. “I definitely like you. And that Dax boy is scary and big, but if he saved your life then I like him too.”
“Good.”
“Blythe?”
“Yes?”
“Can Gage and me be a part of your family now, too?”
I look up to find that Gage has come to a sitting position on the bed. He stares at me over Agata’s head, his face carved in anguish over my story. I wonder if he knows that when it comes to me, this is only the tip of the iceberg. My life, my emotions, my personality…all are epically screwed up and I’m nowhere near as sweet or as perfect as this little girl asking to become part of my family.
“I don’t know, honey. I think that’s up to your Uncle.”
His hand slips into mine on the bed, the white fingers intertwining with dark. His lips curve into a half smile and my heart does a back flip in my chest. 
“Uncle Gage wants that,” he says softly. “More than anything.”
“Good,” says Agata as she stands and adjusts the hem of her shirt. “Then we can help the Professor with his mission.”
Gage frowns. “How did you know about that, little girl?”
She folds her arms over her chest and gives him a look that screams, ‘get real’. “Grownups say a lot when they think kids aren’t listening. I know what the Professor needs me to do to help those people. I want to do it.”
Without giving either of us a chance to reply, she turns on her heels and leaves the room with a swish of her pigtails. I raise my eyebrows at Gage.
“She’s got spirit, I’ll give her that. Wonder where she gets that from.”
Gage laughs. “You haven’t met my sister yet.”
He’s suddenly serious and bringing my hand—still clutched in his—up to his lips. “Thank you,” he says. “For telling me that.”
I snatch my hand from his and stand with a grin. “I wasn’t telling you, I was telling Agata.”




Dax Janner and Yasmine Zambrano
Memphis, Tenessee
August 16, 4010
9:55 p.m.

She doesn’t see me watching her. She doesn’t know that I am always watching because I can’t take my eyes off of her. If Blythe knew how beautiful she was, how much I adored her, or how long I’ve been waiting for her to return my feelings…
Shit.
We are on a mission now, and I shouldn’t be thinking about Blythe. I shouldn’t be thinking about walking in on her and that prick kissing, or his hands where mine should have been. Even now, the thought makes me long for five minutes along in a small room with the arrogant jackass. 
Maybe later.
Right now, on board the Neville I hovercraft, Jenica and Blythe and waiting for Yasmine and I to stage the diversion that’s going to clear an opening for them to swoop in and rescue the other Memphis refugees. Jenica’s intel showed at least one hundred of them still living underground, unable to come or go because of the steady and vigilant presence of the Enforcers waiting for us to show up. I am watching the screen of my comm. device, which keeps me in touch with the other members of my team—team Alpha—and also lets me monitor the movements and progress of team Bravo. We don’t make a move until they do, as the attacks must be coordinated. We know that our only chance at getting this right will be if everything is as perfectly timed as it should be. At ten p.m. on the dot, the real fun will begin.
I gaze up at the Neville I hovercraft, taking one last look at Blythe and Jenica where they sit, waiting for us to do our part. I feel Yasmine shift beside me and know she’s as restless as I am to get going. My gaze lingers on Blythe for a fraction of a second longer than necessary before I return my gaze to the comm. device and note the time. 
9:58
I can hear Jenica’s voice through the speaker. “Bravo team is in position. Standby for EMP in two minutes.”
I look at Yasmine and find her staring at me, her gaze wide and knowing. She’s an attractive girl, a tall and willowy thing, with plump lips and almond shaped eyes. Her Kevlar skin is cocoa colored and smooth, hinting not a bit at the toughness I know it possesses. 
“You love her, don’t you.”
It’s not so much a question as it is a statement. There is no inflection in her voice to tell me what she is thinking or why she would say such a thing. Of course I love Blythe; I found her, beaten half to death by M.P.s and sobbing her heart out over her dead family. I killed the men who hurt her, stole her family away. I took her family’s place—me and Dog—and became her world. So, do I love her? 
Hell yes, I love her.
I nod, once, the only thing she’s going to get out of me on the subject. She nods as if satisfied with my answer.
“I can see why you would,” she says softly. “She doesn’t know what she has, though,” she says.
After that, she goes silent, leaving me to wonder what the hell she meant by that. I’ll never understand women and their hints and ever-changing moods. I’m a man with basic needs; food, water, scratch, fuck. You have to tell me things outright and in plain English or I’m liable to miss them completely. Deciding to try to decipher Yasmine’s hieroglyphics when I’ve got more time, I turn my attention back to the comm. device, grateful that she decides not to elaborate right now. Not like we have the time to worry about all of that.
It is now 10:00 p.m. on the dot and at Stonehead Prison in Washington D.C., everything has just gone pitch black. I exchange one last look with Yasmine and step out from our hiding place in the bushes.

To be continued…

Titanium, the next in The Bionic's Series is available now on all platforms!






Ever since she first read books like Chronicles of Narnia or Goosebumps, Alicia has been a lover of mind-bending fiction. Wherever imagination takes her, she is more than happy to call that place her home. The mother of two and wife to an Army sergeant loves chocolate, coffee, and of course good books. When not writing, you can usually find her with her nose in a book, shopping for shoes and fabulous jewelry, or spending time with her loving family.

Alicia can be found on the web at any of the following links:

www.fantasybyalicia.com
www.facebook.com/fantasybyalicia
www.goodreads.com/alicia_michaels
Follow her at Twitter: @fantasybyalicia



WIND WARRIOR

Jon Messenger

THE EARTH GIVES WAY TO THE SEA,
THE SEA BOWS BEFORE THE WIND,
THE WIND FEEDS THE FLAME,
THE FLAME BURNS THE WORLD OF MAN DOWN TO THE EARTH.




Xander Sirocco leaned back in his seat at the back of the White Halls College lecture hall. Reaching up, he rubbed his eyes as the professor droned on in the front of the class. His hands slid down from his eyes and covered his mouth just in time to suppress a strong yawn.
Brushing his dark hair out of his eyes, Xander looked down at his thick notebook sitting on the flip-out tabletop in front of him. His copious notes were intermixed with doodles of dragons, giants, and cartoonish characters in various stages of murdering one another.
“That’s cute,” Jessica said from beside him as she leaned over and looked at his drawings. She pointed to a silhouetted figured with a gaping hole in his chest and a cannon ball sitting on the ground behind him. “That one’s my favorite.”
Xander looked over at the sorority girl and flashed her a smile. “It’s how I felt about halfway through this class.”
The blonde girl covered her mouth as she laughed, trying not to let the professor hear the disruption. Though the lecture hall was built like stadium seats and large enough to hold over a hundred students, most classes at White Halls contained barely over twenty.
As the professor continued lecturing, Jessica leaned over again and whispered into his ear. “Are you going to the spring formal next weekend?”
Xander shrugged. The spring formal was one of the largest events on campus and everyone he knew would be attending. Unfortunately, his grades had been slipping recently and he knew what his parents would say—grades came first. Of course, he knew his grades wouldn’t be suffering if he started paying more attention in class and spent less time doodling.
“I’ll try, but I can’t make any promises.”
Jessica pouted and Xander knew his resolve would quickly weaken. He and Jessica had known each other since sharing classes their freshman year. Though they weren’t officially dating, they spent quite a bit of time together and he was sure she wouldn’t be resistant if he expressed interest.
“I’ll try,” he reiterated.
“That’s good enough… for now,” she replied impishly.
Jessica’s expression suddenly changed and she furrowed her brow as goose bumps erupted across her skin. She crossed her arms over her chest and rubbed her exposed skin, trying to warm up.
“Did they just turn on the air conditioning?” she complained. “It’s suddenly freezing.”
Xander held out his hand but didn’t notice a draft or breeze. “Do you want my jacket?”
Jessica nodded and Xander retrieved his pea coat from the seat beside him. She threw it over her upper body and snuggled against the thick jacket.
“You sure you’re not just having menopausal hot flashes?” Xander joked to the nineteen-year-old.
Jessica pursed her lips and elbowed him in the ribs. They were both still laughing as the professor concluded his lecture.
“Don’t forget to read chapters sixteen through twenty before next week’s class,” the professor said as the class stood and collected their bags.
Xander took his time putting his books and pens back into his backpack. Jessica stood beside him and stretched. Surprisingly, she handed him back his jacket.
“Feeling better?” he asked.
“Yeah,” she said with a slow nod. “It’s strange but I don’t feel cold anymore.”
“Hot flashes. Told you so.”
She laughed as she threatened to hit him again. “You’re such a jerk.”
Xander followed her into the corridor and out the back doors of the lecture hall. The room emptied into the building’s foyer and the three sets of double doors that exited onto the aptly named College Street.
The pair merged with the rest of the exiting students and walked down the wide stairs.
“Think about the formal,” Jessica said. “You really should come.”
“I have to run it by my family first.” He held up a hand before she could make a snide remark. “I know—I’m twenty and I live with my parents.”
“And your grandfather,” she quickly added.
Xander frowned playfully. “Yes, thank you for that reminder. But they’re paying for college and I still have obligations to them. If I can make it—”
“You better.”
“If I can make it,” he said again, “I promise I’ll let you know.”
A gentle wind kicked up from behind them as they reached the street. It blew across Xander’s back as they walked and sent his dark hair cascading down his forehead and into his eyes, leaving him little visibility beyond the next few squares of weathered sidewalk. He absently brushed his hair aside but a sudden gust of frigid wind threw his hair back into his face.
“Man, it’s freezing around here,” Jessica said. “I thought it was supposed to warm up in April?”
“No one told Mother Nature, apparently.”
“Mother Nature is being a jerk,” she joked. “Which way are you heading?”
Xander pointed across the street. “I parked in the gravel lot.” 
He rubbed a hand over the two days of stubble that coated his cheeks as another cool breeze blew across him. Despite the chill he felt on the end of his nose and the threatening cold it foretold, he was glad for the warmth his scraggly beard provided. The unseasonably cool weather left him shivering and wishing that the White Halls College had parking closer to campus. The walk from his lecture hall to the parking lot was only a few blocks but the wind was strong enough to gust aside the tails of his pea coat. Xander pulled the front of his jacket closed as he and Jessica stopped at the crosswalk. 
“I have to head back to the Tri Delta house,” she said, motioning the opposite direction from where he was heading. “I’m serious. Think about the formal.”
“Hey Xander,” a heavyset student said, pushing his way up beside the pair.
“Hi Sean,” Jessica said flatly as she looked at the man with disdain. 
Sean wore a big smile, which matched the large Captain America T-shirt he wore proudly beneath his thin windbreaker. Xander found the smile infectious and, despite the cold, found himself smiling in return.
“How’s it going, Sean?” he asked.
Sean shrugged. “I didn’t think I’d catch you when you came out of class. I had to run the whole way here.”
“Color me impressed,” Jessica said sarcastically.
Xander shot her a sour look but let the smile return before he looked back at Sean.
“I’m glad you did. You park in the gravel lot?”
Jessica placed a hand on Xander’s arm, getting his attention. “I’m going to go ahead and take off. Call me and let me know if you can go.”
She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. With a light wave, she turned and walked away.
“Go where?” Sean asked.
Xander sighed as he watched her walk away. “She wants me to go to the formal with her.”
“Is it possible for you two to go together and not have her talk all night? She’s hot, but really annoying.”
Xander laughed despite immediately feeling guilty. “You be nice too. Anyway, anything new with you?”
Sean stroked his chin. “I’m still struggling with my freshman fifteen three years later, so no, not really.”
Xander laughed again. Sean and Xander looked odd, standing side by side. Xander had been blessed with good metabolism and had always been athletic. No matter the horrible college food he ate—and he had eaten his fair share of pizza and microwave macaroni and cheese—he stayed thin. Sean, however, wasn’t nearly as lucky. He’d been struggling with his weight since they met in middle school but college seemed to give him a chance to stop worrying about impressing people and be happy. It was food that made Sean happy.
“How are your folks?” Sean asked.
“Folk-y,” Xander replied with a shrug. “It’s hard enough to be in college without having to live with your parents. I’m pretty sure I’m drifting further and further away from ‘cool’.”
“Don’t forget your grandfather lives there too,” Sean chided.
“Thanks,” Xander said flatly.
Sean beamed another smile. “No problem. You doing anything fun this weekend? If not, come over to the apartment.”
“I don’t know if I’ll be able to fit it in. I’ve got Yahtzee with the family, and then I might mix it up and try a game of—”
Xander stopped in midsentence as a man rudely pushed his way past, talking loudly on his cell phone. As the man pushed past, he knocked Xander’s backpack free from his shoulder. The swinging weight of the book-laden bag nearly knocked him from his feet.
“Excuse you!” Xander said as he righted himself.
The man ignored Xander and kept pushing his way toward the front of the throng of students. The front students parted as the man approached, cued into his presence by the grumbling of all the other students behind them.
“What a jerk,” Sean grumbled.
“Yeah,” Xander replied. 
He watched the man reach the edge of the curb and step out into the street, despite the light still glaring an angry red “Don’t Walk” hand. Xander quickly glanced down the street and his eyes widened in surprise as he saw one of the city buses hurtling toward the intersection.
“Watch out!” Xander yelled but the man didn’t hear him. 
The man stepped into the street, oblivious to the danger. The bus driver saw the suited man and stepped on the brakes. The tires on the bus locked and screeched loudly but the momentum drove it forward. It wasn’t going to be able to stop in time to avoid hitting the man.
Xander heard a whisper in the air, a haunting melody that seemed to speak to him. The gentle breeze around him grew stronger as the wind seemed to pass through his body. In an instant, he felt an incredible surge pour through him, roaring from his abdomen to his extremities. The wind around him seemed to respond to the surge and his hair whipped chaotically as he stood in the center of the maelstrom. Involuntarily, he threw up his hands and the surge of energy rushed from him in a violent gust of wind that ripped through the crowd. The funnel of wind roared through the students and into the street, just as the bus collided with the man on his phone.
The man was thrown from his feet and crashed onto the street, his cell phone shattering as it skidded into the intersection. The bus came to a sudden stop with a hiss of decompressing air brakes. For a moment, everyone stared in stunned disbelief until finally the first of the girls in the front of the crowd screamed.
Some of the students rushed to help the collapsed man as the bus driver opened the door and hurried down the bus’ steps.
“Oh my God,” the bus driver moaned as he rushed to the man’s side. “He stepped right out in front of me. There wasn’t anything I could do! Is he—?”
“He’s okay,” someone said with obvious surprise.
In the center of the encircled students, the man stood up and brushed off the grime that had collected on his suit.
“There’s not a scratch on you,” one of the sorority sisters said. “How is that possible?”
“I didn’t even feel a thing,” the man said, stupefied. “It was like I was hit with a pillow. That’s it!”
Sean and Xander stared in disbelief. Xander’s hands shook as he lowered his arms and the strong wind suddenly died away. He felt drained, as though he just spent hours in the gym.
“That was awesome,” Sean gushed. “Did you see that?”
Xander nodded weakly and pulled his pea coat tighter around his body.
“You feeling okay?”
“Yeah, just suddenly tired.”
Sean pointed at the crosswalk light, which suddenly glowed with a bright white “Walk” symbol. “The guy looks fine. Let’s get out of here.”
They walked in silence down College Street, stepping gingerly over the uneven pavement. They rode the crests and falls of the cracked sidewalk like the cars of a rollercoaster. 
When they were out of earshot, Sean laughed with nervous excitement. “That was so cool, man. He just walked away after getting hit by a bus. He should have been flattened!”
Xander looked over his shoulder to make sure no one could hear their conversation.
“I think I—” he began before deciding better.
“You what?” Sean asked.
Xander shook his head. “You know what, it’s crazy. Never mind.”
“Consider it never minded.”
They strolled into the gravel parking lot and weaved through the lines of cars until they reached their equally pathetic vehicles.
“You still want to come over this weekend?” Sean asked.
“Yeah, sure,” Xander said distractedly.
“Awesome. Take care. I’ll see you then.”
Xander waved as Sean climbed into his car and drove off. The smile hung on his face until he slid behind the wheel of his car. For a long moment, Xander just held on tightly to the steering wheel until his knuckles turned white. His heart thundered in his chest and a cold sweat broke out on his brow. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt so scared. He bounced his knee nervously as he thought about the strange sensation of the wind pouring through his body. He had trouble believing he had been responsible for saving that man’s life, but he couldn’t explain the surge of power he felt or the crazy winds that suddenly sprang up.
He slapped the steering wheel angrily, wiping away his crazy thoughts. “It couldn’t have been me,” he muttered.
Turning the key, his car started with a loud cough of black smoke out of the exhaust pipe. Dropping it into drive, he pulled out of the parking lot and turned toward his parent’s house.




Xander opened the front door to the house and hurried inside, hoping to avoid running into his family. He tossed his jacket onto the coat rack and shouldered his bag as he walked toward the stairs. As his foot struck the first step, he heard the creak of the hardwood floors behind him.
“Welcome home,” his mother said. “Did you have a good day at school?”
“It was school,” Xander shrugged. “It’s pretty boring. I’ve got a lot to do so I’m probably just going to go upstairs and get caught up on some homework.”
“Are you feeling okay? You’re acting a little squirrely.”
Xander arched an eyebrow in surprise. “No, I’m fine. Why would you say that?”
His mother placed her hands on her hips defiantly. “You just told me you’re going upstairs at four in the afternoon to catch up on homework. You haven’t been that devoted to homework since you were in grade school. What’s going on?”
“Nothing,” Xander sighed. “Does something have to be going on for me to want to do the right thing and catch up on homework?”
“I guess not,” she replied in a voice that clearly showed she didn’t believe him. 
His mother walked over, placed her hand on his, and gave him an affectionate squeeze. “All right. You go have fun upstairs. Dinner will be ready in an hour and a half.”
“Thanks, Mom,” Xander said as he leaned over and kissed her on the cheek.
As she started walking toward the kitchen, Xander took the opportunity to start rushing upstairs.
“Don’t forget to say hi to your grandfather,” his mother called after him before he could escape.
Xander froze, his foot hovering over the top step. With a groan, he spun in place, started stomping back down the stairs, and walked into the living room. The sound of Jeopardy blared on the television, far louder than what should have been healthy for anyone sitting in the assorted chairs.
The high-backed recliner was turned away from Xander as he approached. He could see the small tuffs of his grandfather’s white hair sticking up over the back of the chair and a soothing rhythm of deep breathing let him know that his grandfather had fallen asleep again watching TV. Xander looked up at the screen as they asked one of the questions in Double Jeopardy.
“What is the Battle of Chickamauga,” Xander said softly, seconds before the first contestant buzzed in with the answer.
“See, I knew you were smarter than you let on,” his grandfather muttered from his seat.
Xander jumped, caught unaware that the elder man was even awake. “God, Grandpa! I thought you were asleep.”
“I was, but I still heard you coming.”
Xander smiled and walked around to the side of the chair. “You’re so weird. You know that, don’t you?”
His grandfather arched his head up to meet Xander’s gaze. “At least now you know where you get it from.”
Xander smiled at the old man. Though he loved his parents, he had always shared a very special connection with his grandfather. Despite the man’s advanced years, his mind was incredibly sharp and he was surprisingly spry. When he wasn’t napping, Xander realized with a smirk.
“Did your mom send you in here to check on me?” his grandfather asked.
“Not to check on you. Just to make sure I told you hello before I went upstairs.”
“She can church it up however she likes, but she still wanted you to make sure I hadn’t croaked while watching Jeopardy.”
Xander laughed at the old man. He wasn’t entirely sure where his grandfather had grown up but he had a litany of odd sayings that kept conversation entertaining.
“So what are you up to?” the elder man asked.
“I was going to go upstairs and work on homework,” Xander lied again.
“Rubbish. That’s the worst excuse I’ve ever heard. If you were going to work on homework, you should have just stayed at school. Or at least found a pretty girl to tutor in a class, if you get my drift.”
“I get the drift, Grandpa. You’re a dirty old man.”
His grandfather laughed. The sound reminded Xander of an odd mix of mirth and a hacking cough.
“I’m going to head upstairs.” Xander kissed the man on the top of his head before turning toward the stairs.
“Be careful up there,” his grandfather said cryptically.
Xander turned to ask him what he meant, but he could already hear the repetitive breathing as his grandfather fell back asleep. 

He stood in the middle of his room and stared at the bed and the plethora of posters that littered the walls. As much as he wished it weren’t true, Xander still slept in the same room he grew up in and many of the decorations hadn’t changed since his days of listening to hardcore rap.
His covers were bunched into a ball in the middle of the bed and dirty laundry was piled just beyond the footboard. The rest of the room was fairly clean, though Xander realized that was as much by accident as by design. Only his working table was cluttered with piles of artist’s sketchpads and loose-leaf paper. His hastily drawn charcoal sketches covered all the exposed surfaces. Women’s faces were piled besides blueprints for space ships. Fantasy creatures growled angrily at cartoon characters, either hand drawn or traced from Disney cells. Though Xander prided himself on his artistic ability, he wasn’t foolish enough to believe he was good enough to make it more than a hobby.
Scanning the room, his eyes fell on one of the larger posters dominating the middle of the wall above the headboard. Xander flexed his shoulders and waved his arms across his body as he stretched in anticipation.
His heart was already pounding in his chest again. His hands were closed in tight fists and he could feel the intermixed sweatiness and pain as he dug his nails into his palms. 
“All right,” he whispered into the quiet room. “You can do this.”
He focused all his attention on the poster and tried to imagine the swell of power flooding his body as it had done in front of the school. His skin grew cold and clammy, but he wasn’t sure if it was from an unknown power or just the adrenaline he was intentionally pouring into his system.
“I can do this. Ready, go!”
He extended his arms and opened his hands, throwing his fingers out wide. His eyes closed involuntarily as he anticipated the violent windstorm. Slowly, he cracked one eye open and peeked at the poster. It hung unfettered on the wall, the rap trio still staring angrily at the awkward white man standing in the middle of the room with his arms outstretched.
With a huff, Xander dropped his arms. His eager anticipation turned to disappointment. The disappointment, however, was short-lived. Instead, Xander found himself fairly relieved. Whatever happened on College Street, it was just a coincidence that he witnessed that man survive what should have been a horrible car accident.
Smiling, he turned away from the poster when a swift draft flew past him. Behind him, he heard the flutter as the unpinned corner of the poster was caught up in the swirling breeze.
Xander froze. Slowly he turned, first toward his window, sure that it had been left open. When he realized it was closed, he turned instead toward the poster.
The wind was gone and the corner of the poster floated gently back into place against the wall.
“Did I just do that?” he whispered for fear of disrupting the sacred feeling in the room.
In response, a soft breeze swirled around his legs. The sheets that had unfurled from the ball of covers on his bed swayed from side to side.
Xander swallowed hard and wiped away the beading sweat forming at his hairline. He tried taking a deep breath but his mouth quivered as he tried to inhale.
“Okay.”
Reaching up, he ran his hands over both sides of his face, as though it might help him wake up from what was clearly a dream.
“Okay, okay, okay, okay,” he repeated like a mantra into the empty room. “Let’s… let’s try this again.”
Xander focused on the poster. Instead of straining as hard as he had during his first attempt, he relaxed. If there was some other presence in the room with him—he was loathe to use the word ‘ghost’—then it would act without his prompting.
A soft whisper of wind caught his attention seconds before the edge of the poster began to dance in the breeze. Xander couldn’t decide if he should be smiling with excitement or screaming in fear. He settled on a nervous laugh that sounded like he was suffering from a horrible case of hiccups.
“More,” he said and the wind responded.
The posters beside the large one began to flutter as the breeze spread across the wall. The centermost poster, with its three rappers staring angrily ahead, flapped as the wind intensified. Xander heard the screech as the tape holding the poster to the wall tore free. The poster hung precariously to the two strips of tape on the top of it before they gave way as well. The poster shot to the ceiling, caught up in a miniature cyclone.
As quickly as it appeared, the wind died away. The poster floated back down to the floor, settling on the carpet at Xander’s feet.
Looking around, he took in the full destructive power of the wind that had materialized in his otherwise secluded room. His stacks of drawings had inadvertently been blown aside and were now strewn across the bed’s nightstand and onto the floor. A few of the other posters drooped from where their topmost tape had pulled free from the wall. They hung over each other like victims. With a soft tearing noise, another poster pulled free and fell onto his bed.
A knock on the door scared Xander horribly and he let out a stifled scream. Clutching his chest, he turned toward the bedroom door.
“Who is it?” he asked breathlessly.
“Grandpa. Everything okay in there?”
“Yeah, Grandpa. Everything’s good.”
“Then open the door, idiot!”
Xander turned the handle and found his grandfather standing impatiently in the doorframe. His grandfather looked past him at the destruction in the room beyond.
“Working on homework, huh? You live in squalor.”
“What do you need, Grandpa?” Xander asked patiently.
“Dinner’s ready. Come on downstairs.”

The rest of the family was already seated by the time he and his grandfather joined them in the dining room. Xander took his seat and ran a hand through his hair. It was tangled from the wind and slightly matted from his sweat but it didn’t bother him.
His parents had already put food on the individual plates and his father stuffed pieces of a dinner roll into his mouth without looking up. Looking at his father was like looking in a slightly aged mirror. His dark hair and equally dark eyes came from his paternal side. Xander had to assume that when his grandfather was younger, he would have shared the similar features of his son and grandson.
When his father finally did look up from his dinner, his expression was piercing and sour. His gaze passed quickly over Xander before settling onto his grandfather. The two elders shared a look that left Xander feeling uncomfortable.
“What would you like to drink?” his mother asked suddenly, pushing away from the table.
Xander broke his gaze away from the angry men and looked sympathetically to his mother. “How about a beer?”
“How about water,” she said matter-of-factly.
He smiled sheepishly. “Water’s fine, Mom. Thanks.”
As his gaze fell back to the two men, he found their irritated gaze broken and both men eating noisily. They seemed to purposely avoid each other’s occasional looks.
Xander tried to ignore his gnawing curiosity and began eating forkfuls of mashed potatoes. Before he could finish the small pile of potatoes, however, his father dropped his roll noisily onto his plate and leaned back in his chair.
“What are you going to do with your life?” he asked, staring intently at Xander.
Xander swallowed his mouthful of food and wiped the corners of his mouth with his napkin. “I’m going to college so I can do something with my life.”
His father snorted derisively. “That’s not a real college. It’s where people go when they don’t apply themselves enough to get into any decent schools. You’re not trying on any of your assignments. You’re coasting through with a ‘C’ average. You’re a junior, for God’s sake, and you’ve changed your major more times than your underwear.”
“Where did this suddenly come from?” Xander asked, perturbed.
“Does anyone want any more to drink?” his mother asked, trying to redirect an uncomfortable conversation.
“Stay out of this, Lily,” his father interjected. “This is something he needs to hear.”
“What more do you want from me?” Xander said. “I’m going to college so I don’t have to work some crappy menial job like you do every day!”
“You watch your tone. Don’t think I haven’t noticed that you’d rather spend time with that sorority girlfriend of yours than focus on your schoolwork. Even Sean is living on his own and you’re still living with your parents. When are you going to grow up?”
“Leave him alone, Jack,” his grandfather said as he threw his napkin onto the table. “You need to tell him what’s really upsetting you.”
His father coughed once before scowling at the older man. “No, we don’t.”
“He has a right to know—”
“No,” his father said adamantly.
“It’s going to have to happen sooner rather than—”
“I said no!” his father demanded, slamming his hand down on the table. The bowls and glasses rattled from the impact.
“Is there something going on between the two of you?” Xander asked. “Something I need to know?”
“Yes,” his grandfather said immediately.
“No,” his father quickly corrected.
“Okay,” Xander said slowly. “Is this something you’d like to share?”
“Yes,” his grandfather added emphatically.
“No,” his father said.
“Well, at least dinner isn’t awkward or anything,” Xander said.
His father grew disturbingly calm and set his fork down next to his plate. “Then you’re excused.”
“Excuse me?”
“Take your plate with you and go upstairs to your room.”
“You’re sending me to my room? You know I’m twenty, right?”
“Go to your room and let your grandfather and me talk in private,” his father said sternly. 
Xander sensed the danger in pushing his father further. In a huff, he pushed back his chair and grabbed his plate before walking out of the room. As he reached the stairs, he could hear the two men arguing in hushed tones.

Lying back on his bed, Xander tossed a softball into the air. He deftly caught it as it fell before shifting its weight in his hand. Scowling, he threw it back into the air with enough force that it struck the ceiling with a loud thud. Xander caught it again as it fell before tossing it angrily toward the corner of his room.
A soft knock on his door startled Xander. He propped himself up on an elbow and stared at the closed door.
“Who is it?” he asked, dreading the possible answer.
“It’s your mother. Can you open the door, please?”
Xander sighed and slid his legs over the side of the bed. He strode across the room and unlocked the door. Without bothering to open it for her, he stormed back to his bad and laid back down.
His mother opened the door softly and stepped into the room.
“How are you doing?” she asked.
“I’m fine,” he replied sarcastically. “Dad sent me to my room like I was a child. He does know I’m twenty, right? He does know that I’m going to graduate from college soon, right?”
His mother stood stoically, her hands crossed in front of her lap. She listened to him complain, nodding appropriately as he spoke.
“I can’t wait to move out,” he continued. “Get my own place and not have to put up with him anymore.”
“Don’t be too hard on your father,” she offered. “He really does have your best interests at heart.”
Xander turned sharply toward his mother. He knew his anger was misdirected but he felt it was necessary to stop her before she continued.
“Don’t do that, Mom,” he said flatly. “You don’t have to play mediator between me and him every time he decides to be a jerk.”
She walked over and patted his legs, encouraging him to move over on the bed. Xander swung his legs over the side and scooted toward the headboard, giving space for his mother to sit beside him.
“Your father can come across a little rough around the edges—“
Xander huffed at the understatement.
“—but he means well,” she continued as though oblivious to his derision. “You may not fully understand it or even appreciate it right now but he really does have your best interest at heart. He’s just trying to protect you.”
“He treats me like a child.”
His mother smiled and placed her hand on his. “That’s only because you’re our child.”
Xander couldn’t suppress his smile. “You’re so corny. You know that, right?”
“That’s exactly why you love me,” she said, leaning over to kiss him on the cheek. “Now forgive your father so I don’t have to listen to the two of you ruin another dinner.”
“That’s the ulterior motive for this entire conversation?” Xander joked, feeling his frustration bleeding away. “You just wanted a civil dinner conversation?”
His mother shrugged. “I’m pretty simple like that.”
She stood and walked toward the bedroom door. “Get some sleep tonight, dear.”
Xander found himself smiling at the diminutive woman. She seemed such a gentle counterpoint to his father’s abrasiveness. “Goodnight, Mom.”
She pulled the door closed softly behind her as she left. Xander collapsed back onto the bed and stared up at the ceiling.

The next morning, Xander grabbed his backpack and cursed again at the time on the clock. He didn’t intend to oversleep but he felt ridiculously drained after the excitement of the day before. Hopping on one foot, he pulled on his second shoe. The loaded backpack threatened to pull him over and he had to cling to his drawing table to keep from collapsing onto his bedroom floor.
He threw open the door and rushed down the stairs, his tennis shoes slapping loudly against the wooden staircase. He wasn’t too worried about making a lot of noise, since both his mother and father had already left for work. Only his grandfather would still be home but he was usually in bed until late morning.
As he reached the foyer, Xander had to slide to a halt as his grandfather stepped around the corner from the living room. Xander clutched his chest again, growing steadily more angry at the series of surprises that seemed to encompass his life over the past couple days.
“You scared me half to death,” Xander huffed.
“We need to talk,” his grandfather said, ignoring Xander’s irritation.
“I can’t right now, Grandpa. I’m already running late for class.”
Xander stepped gracefully around the old man and reached out for the door. “Maybe we can talk when I get back tonight.”
“It’s…” his grandfather began before sighing heavily. “Fine. Go. Just promise me you’ll be careful today.”
Xander smiled, though he was genuinely confused by the conversation. “I’m careful every day, Grandpa.”
With a quick wave, Xander opened the door and rushed out to his car.




“Sean!” Xander yelled over the crowd crossing the street.
Sean stopped, turned at the sound of his name, and waved as he caught Xander’s eye. Xander ran up breathlessly and had to lean over to catch his breath before he could speak.
“What’s going on, Xander?”
Xander raised his pointer finger, asking for a moment. He had run nearly the entire way from the parking lot after noticing Sean’s car already there when he arrived. 
“Today, after school. What do you have going on?” Xander said when he had caught his breath.
Sean shrugged. “Not a whole lot. Why?”
Xander smiled at his friend. He placed a hand on Sean’s shoulder and squeezed. “I’ve got something you’re going to need to see. Meet me after class.”
He rushed off so that he wouldn’t be late to class, leaving Sean standing perplexed on the sidewalk.
By the time Xander made it inside the lecture hall, most of the rest of the students were already seated. Jessica was sitting near the front with some of her sorority sisters. Xander waved when he caught her eye, but he chose to take his normal seat in the back of the room.
As he slid into the aisle, he noticed that a woman was already sitting in his seat. He didn’t recognize her, which was odd in such a small class. Her blonde hair fell over her face, leaving only a faint view of her button nose beneath the loose strands of hair. As she looked over her textbook, she reached up and pushed her hair back behind her ear. With her hair brushed aside, she noticed Xander watching her from a few seats away. She looked up from her book, her pale blue eyes sparkling in the dim lecture hall lighting. She flashed a full smile at his gawking expression.
“I’m sorry,” he said as he started to slide back out of the row.
“Don’t be silly,” she said, her voice an angelic whisper. “There’s plenty of space in the row. Pull up a seat.”
Xander felt suddenly self-aware as he took a seat beside her. He couldn’t tell one specific feature about her that struck him as insanely beautiful but he found her completely irresistible.
“Hi,” she said, flashing her entrancing smile again. She extended her hand. “I’m Sammy.”
“Xander,” he said as he took her hand. “Your hand is really warm.”
Sammy’s mouth froze in midsentence but, to her credit, she didn’t withdraw her hand.
Xander blushed furiously. “That was perhaps the single most awkward thing I could have said. I might as well have followed it up with ‘it puts the lotion in the basket’—”
“—or it gets the hose,” Sammy finished with a laugh. “Yes, that would have made it much more awkward.”
Xander laughed with her before realizing he still had her hand. He let it go and dropped his hands to his lap.
“Do I know you?” Xander said, trying to casually change the subject. “I haven’t seen you in here before but you seem so familiar.”
“I just transferred here. I was lucky enough to be let in after the semester started.”
“That’s got to be rough,” he said, trying to shake the feeling that they’d met somewhere before. “Don’t you have a lot of catching up to do?”
Sammy nodded. “I do, which is probably why we should listen to the professor.”
Xander turned toward the front of the room and saw the professor halfway through his first slide. He reached into his bag and pulled out his books hurriedly. As he did, he saw Jessica staring at him disapprovingly from the front of the room. Xander shrugged sheepishly as he set his books on the table in front of him.
By the time the professor was on the third slide, Sammy leaned over to him. “Is this class always this boring?”
Xander hid his smile. “I wouldn’t know. I’m usually asleep or doodling by this point in the class.”
“Oh, lucky me, I chose the brainy type. So, show me these doodles of yours.”
Keeping his eyes firmly fixed on the professor, Xander flipped back a couple pages in his notebook until he revealed a sketch he had done of Jessica’s profile.
“You’re not half bad,” Sammy whispered appreciatively. “I mean, you’re not half good either.”
“Way to endear yourself, new kid,” he joked.
As he flipped back to today’s page and began taking notes on the lecture, Sammy reached over and doodled on the corners of his paper. Her drawings were atrocious, but he let her draw for a few seconds before playfully swatting at her hand. They laughed before receiving a stern look from the professor. They both cleared their throats before another small chuckle escaped.
By the time class was over, Xander couldn’t recall a single important thing the professor had taught that day. He and Sammy stuffed their books into their bags and stood. As he turned toward the end of the row, she pushed him playfully from behind and he nearly stumbled into Jessica, who waited impatiently at the end of it.
“Hi, Jessica,” Xander said, oblivious to the obvious danger promised in her stern look. “I’d like you to meet Sammy.”
Sammy waved but tried to avoid direct eye contact.
“Hi,” Jessica said sweetly before taking Xander’s arm. “Have you thought anymore about taking me to the formal?”
Xander felt himself being pulled away and turned apologetically to Sammy. Sammy jutted out her bottom lip and waved as he disappeared out the door.
When they were outside, Jessica leaned against his shoulder. “Who is she?”
“Sammy? She’s a new student, just transferred here.”
“She transferred to White Halls College? Who does that?”
Xander shrugged. He hadn’t given it much thought while they were talking—or flirting, as Xander allowed himself to realize—but it did seem a little odd.
“So what did you guys talk about?” Jessica asked. Xander could feel himself slipping into an inescapable bottomless pit in the conversation.
“Nothing important, really,” he answered honestly.
“You guys sure talked about nothing for a long time.”
Xander swallowed hard. As much as Jessica truly was a sweet girl at heart, she was also president of the campus’ largest sorority. Every now and then, the sorority sister in her emerged and she became someone Xander didn’t like. As much as she frustrated him when she was acting jealous and possessive, he wasn’t in the mood to be confrontational. 
He looked away from Jessica and was relieved when he saw a familiar face pushing his way through the crowd. Without answering Jessica, he raised his hand to get Sean’s attention.
“Sorry, Jess. I promised Sean that we’d get together after class.”
Jessica sighed. “You know the formal is in eight days, right? You’re not the only person interested in taking me to the dance but you’re the one I want to go with. Still, you need to make up your mind sooner rather than later if you want to go with me.”
“I will,” he said, dismissing Jessica as he turned toward Sean. “I’ll talk to you later, okay?”
Jessica placed her hands on her hips and pursed her lips. When she realized she was going to be ignored, she threw her hands up in the air and walked away from the two boys.
“Thank you for the save,” Xander said.
“What was that about? She looked like she was going to bite your head off. Did you finally realize Jessica’s a black widow?”
“Very funny.”
“Bye Xander,” Sammy said as she walked past the pair. She brushed her hair out of her face and winked at him. “See you in class next week?”
“Of course,” Xander replied, his heart pounding in his chest at the sight of her.
She smiled and turned away, her fingers lacing into the straps of her backpack.
They watched her walk away in silence, neither Sean nor Xander wanting to ruin the beautiful moment. 
“Um,” Sean began. “Who is that? What is her current relationship status? Why does she seem to like you?”
“Her name is Sammy,” Xander laughed. “She’s a new student. We met in class.”
“I want one.”
Xander placed his hand on Sean’s shoulder. “Down boy.”
“Oh no. You already have your skank Jessica. You don’t get two beautiful women.”
“I don’t have Sammy. She’s just being friendly.”
Sean whistled softly. “I wish more women were friendly with me like that.”
They watched until Sammy turned the corner and walked up High Street. When she was gone, Sean turned sharply on Xander.
“Okay. What was so important that you needed to show me?”
Xander looked around at the gathering throng of students. “Not here. Is that field behind your old house still empty?”
Sean shrugged. “Pretty sure. It’s a little overgrown now and probably still has a bunch of old trash in it though.”
“That’s perfect. Let’s go there and I’ll tell you all about it.”

Sean hadn’t exaggerated about the status of the field. Unkempt by the owners, the crab grass had grown nearly to Xander’s waist. As he walked through the field, his tennis shoes kept striking rusted cans and empty bottles, which clinked as they rolled deeper into the concealing grasses.
Xander stood in the center of the field. From the periphery, standing well away near the tree line that lined the edge of the field, Sean watched Xander stretch his arms out wide. Xander closed his eyes and tilted his head backward.
“Are you ready for this?” Xander called.
“Whatever this is, sure, I’m ready.”
Xander heard the musical whisper of the wind as it called to him. Like a snake through the safari, the wind slithered between the tall grasses, causing them to sway and dance in rhythm. The wind kicked up around him, pulling at his clothes and hair. As the wind increased, it buffeted him from side to side, nearly causing him to lose his balance.
The sensation was like magic to Xander. The energy of the wind caressed his skin like an old lover. It enveloped him where he stood and seemed to pour through his open mouth, filling him with its energy. When he was satisfied with the demonstration, he exhaled, forcing the soothing winds from his lungs.
As quickly as the wind began, it died away, leaving Xander standing alone again in the middle of the field. He lowered his arms and turned excitedly toward Sean.
“Did you see it?”
“See what?”
Xander gestured behind him, and then turned in a tight circle. “The wind.”
“The wind,” Sean replied flatly.
“Did you see the wind blowing through the field? That was me.”
“You made a breeze? That’s what you’re telling me? That’s what was so important? Xander, I love you like a brother, but I break wind all the time without having to drag you out to a field to see me do it.”
Xander frowned at his friend’s disbelief. “Fine. I was going for a small demonstration but if you want big, we’ll do big.”
Xander returned to the center of the field and held his arms outstretched again. He closed his eyes but quickly opened one to peer at his friend. Sean leaned against the trunk of one of the trees, his arms crossed defensively in front of him.
“You’re going to want to back up for this one.”
Sean turned around and looked behind him. “I’m already at the trees. I can’t go much further back.”
“Get… I don’t know. Get behind a tree.”
“You want me to hide behind a tree while you break wind again?”
“Will you just do it?” Xander said, exasperated.
Tossing his hands in the air, Sean walked around to the backside of the tree he had been leaning against. “Is this good enough?”
“Thank you.”
Xander assumed his position in the field once again, lifting his arms straight out from his side.
“Come on, wind… spirit,” he whispered quietly enough that Sean wouldn’t hear him. “Let’s give him something memorable.”
Instead of slithering through the grass like it did last time, the wind pounced on Xander like a lion. It roared into the field and crashed into Xander. He staggered as the wind took up a dance around him. 
He quickly opened his eyes as a wall of wind formed around him, swirling like the birth of a tornado. The grass around him stood strangely still but the wind filled the rest of the field. Every exhaled breath came out of Xander’s mouth in a puff of smoke as the temperature plummeted around him.
As the wind swirled faster and faster, he saw cans and bottles emerging from the grass. Like puppets being controlled by a skillful marionette, the debris danced in the wind. It got caught up in the swirling madness and became part of the ever-expanding swirl of air.
Xander’s ears popped as the air pressure increased. He tried to call out for Sean, or even laugh at the excitement of the moment, but the maddening wind stole away his words as soon as they left his mouth. Instead, he tilted his head back and laughed silently into the swirling maelstrom.
The increased air pressure drew the heavier objects out of the tall weeds. A rusted hubcap emerged, followed by a dilapidated car radiator. They joined the rest of the debris in its swirl, spinning in increasingly fast circles as the whipping wind reached near gale-force strength.
The hubcap flew dangerously close to him as it spun past. It was gone from his peripheral vision as quickly as it had appeared. When it reappeared, it was quite a bit further away, nearly to the distant trees. Like a projectile shot out of a cannon, the hubcap slammed into one of the trees, embedding itself deeply into the coarse wood.
Startled, Xander broke his concentration. For a moment, the cans and bottles slowed their spin before hanging in the air. They collapsed onto the ground as the last of the magic dissipated from the air.
“Sean?” Xander called out, suddenly worried for his friend. If the hubcap had enough force to bury itself into the thick wood, he was worried about what any of the other smaller items would have done to his friend. 
“Sean!”
“That was so freaking cool,” Sean yelled, emerging from behind one of the trees. “That was so freaking cool!”
Xander sighed happily at the sight of his heavyset friend. “See, I told you hiding behind the tree was a good idea.”
“That was so freaking cool!” Sean yelled again as he bounded through the thick grasses. He crashed into Xander, enveloping him in a bear hug. “How did you do that?”
“I don’t know.” He saw his friend’s disbelieving look and he raised his hands defensively. “I honestly don’t know. I’d never done anything like this before yesterday.”
“Oh my God,” Sean said, covering his mouth in surprise. “The guy and the bus. That was you. You saved that guy’s life.”
“Maybe,” he said. “Maybe I did. I don’t really know.”
“You’ve got to show me how you do it.”
“I don’t know how I do it. I don’t think I could teach you even if I wanted to.”
“It was so cool,” Sean blurted. “What was it you did with the bus? F-5 strength winds that blew him out of the way? Increased air pressure that made the bus slow down sooner?”
“I don’t know. I think I was thinking about a car’s air bag. I think I made, like, a bubble of air between him and the bus.”
“A bubble,” Sean repeated dejectedly. “You have super powers and you’re busy making a bubble? Couldn’t you just fly in and save him or call down lightning on the bus or something?”
“You read too many comic books,” Xander said as he started walking through the field.
Sean didn’t follow and stared at his retreating friend. “Don’t take this away from me. I’m best friends with a real-life superhero. The least you can do is let me live vicariously through you.”
Xander stopped walking and sighed. “I’m not a superhero. Come on and catch up.”
Sean jogged alongside him again.
Xander smiled despite himself. “It was pretty cool though, wasn’t it? It was an air bubble. I made an air bubble between the guy and the bus. He bounced off it like a balloon.”
“Okay. I’ll admit that your super bubble power isn’t entirely lame.”
Xander brushed his dark hair out of his eyes and frowned. “Don’t you think it’s weird, though? I don’t even know where these powers came from or why they suddenly appeared yesterday.”
“Who cares? You’re the only guy I know that would complain about becoming a superhero.”
“I’m not a superhero.”
“Whatever you say. So what do you think? Cape or no cape? And what color tights were you thinking about for your costume? I was thinking the Superman underwear on the outside of your outfit.”
Xander punched him in the arm. 
“You could always ask your parents if they know where you got your powers,” Sean offered, rubbing the spot where he was punched. “Most of the time in the comic books, it’s inherited.”
“Yeah, that’ll go over well. ‘So Dad, I noticed I got your eyes. And Mom, I got your hair. Which one of you gave me the ability to control the wind?’ I think I’ll pass on that conversation. Anyway, I think they’re planning on kicking me out of their house.”
“Harsh. What did you do?”
“Me? Why is it something that I did?”
“Because you’re a junior in college and you still live with your parents. You’re pretty much a screw up by default.”
“And my grandpa.”
Sean smiled. “Yeah, you live with your parents and your grandpa. You know if you ever get kicked out, you’re more than welcome to come crash at my apartment.”
Xander smiled. “I may just have to take you up on that sooner than you think.”
“Forget about that for now.” Sean stopped walking and looked at his friend mischievously. “Want to see what else you can do with that power of yours?”
“Hell yeah, I do.”

By the time Xander returned home later that night, he was exhausted and just wanted to go to bed. He opened the front door quietly but could hear the ensuing argument from the kitchen as soon as he entered the house.
“Quit being a coward, Jack!” his grandfather yelled in a much louder voice than Xander would have believed. “What are you going to do? Keep him hidden away in the house until he dies of old age?”
“If that’s what it takes,” his dad retorted. “What’s the alternative? I let him grow up like we did? Moving every couple years because you pissed off someone new?”
“It’s his right to choose.”
“His right to choose? He can’t even decide on a major after two and a half years of college. How do you expect him to make life-altering decisions like this?”
Xander crept through the foyer until he was near the doorway leading into the kitchen. He could see the two men standing at the far end of the breakfast nook, their arms flailing as they spoke and fingers being pointed angrily at one another.
“You may not have the chance to tell him the truth for much longer,” his grandfather accused. “If I know about him, you can guarantee they do too.”
“They’re still trapped,” his dad said quietly. The fire seemed to have left his side of the argument. 
“Not all of them and you know it. They’re only trapped as long as we exist but there are fewer of us than ever before. They’re slipping out of their prison. It’s only a matter of time before they come for us all, Xander included.”
Xander’s heart raced as he spied on the two men. From his vantage point, he could see his father’s expression. Jack Sirocco always prided himself on being a stalwart breadwinner for his family. Few things, if anything, unnerved his father. From what he could see, however, his father was genuinely scared.
Anger welled inside Xander. Whatever they were discussing, he should be involved. If there was danger—and he wasn’t foolish enough to believe that the danger and his newfound power were mutually exclusive—then he should be allowed to make the decisions about his life.
Xander stepped into the kitchen, making sure his shoes struck the tiled floor loudly enough to get everyone’s attention. Both men turned toward Xander and immediately turned a deep scarlet from surprise and embarrassment.
“Would someone like to tell me what exactly is going on?” he demanded.
The two men looked at one another but neither spoke.
“Let me help you start,” Xander growled in frustration. “You’re sitting in this house making decisions about my future without having the common decency of explaining to me what exactly is going on. What were you guys talking about? Who are ‘they’?”
Xander’s father stepped forward and rubbed his hands together nervously. “It’s not that simple, son.”
“Yes, it is,” he replied, taking a step back as his father approached. He didn’t want fatherly affection. He wanted answers.
“You’re not old enough for this,” his grandfather added cryptically. “You shouldn’t even be going through this yet.”
Xander turned in disbelief. “You too, Grandpa? I figured if anyone would have been on my side, it would have been you. Wasn’t it you just this morning who wanted to talk about something important?”
His father turned sharply on his grandfather, who merely shrugged unapologetically. For a moment, Xander looked back and forth between the two men before realizing that neither of them was going to speak.
“You can’t even bring yourself to tell me the truth, can you? Fine, then let me save you the trouble from having to worry about this later. I’m sick of this—you guys talking around me like I’m a child. I’m moving out. Then you can have as many mysterious conversations about my future as you want.”
He looked sternly at his grandfather. “How’s that for being old enough?”
“That’s not what I meant,” his grandfather began, but Xander was already walking out of the kitchen.
“Stop him,” he heard his grandfather whisper harshly.
“Maybe this is for the best,” his father replied dejectedly.
Xander stormed upstairs and slammed the door to his room. He leaned back heavily against it and bit back the wave of emotion that rolled over him. The tears that threatened to fall were more from sheer frustration than from sadness. At twenty years of age, he had hoped that he would no longer be treated like a child but it was clear that his family would never see him as a man.
He stuffed some clothes into a bag. He looked around his room and considered taking more, either his art supplies or some of the other items from his room. Eventually, he decided against it. The room, frozen as it was from his high school years, was as much a reminder of the way his family viewed him. If he were making a break, it would be from everything.
When he walked downstairs, his grandfather was standing by the door.
“Don’t do this, Xander. It’s dangerous out there, especially right now.”
“You mean it’s dangerous for a child like me,” Xander retorted angrily. “That’s what you said in the kitchen, right?”
“I’m obviously not going to be able to talk you out of leaving but take a piece of advice, won’t you?”
Xander stood stoically but didn’t interrupt.
“Don’t trust anyone, Xander.” His grandfather leaned close and Xander could smell the sweat on the old man’s skin. “The only person you can trust right now is yourself. If it feels wrong, if it feels dangerous, run. Just run. You get into trouble—you come here and find me. Understand?”
“No, I don’t,” Xander said quietly.
His grandfather leaned back and placed his hand on the door. “You will.”
He opened the door, allowing Xander to leave the house.




“Do it again,” Sean demanded as he set the empty two-liter soda bottles back up on the half wall separating his living room from the kitchen.
Xander sat forward on the couch and breathed deeply, letting the sensation of weightlessness wash over him. The sensation always reminded him of what it must be like to fly freely through the air.
The air in the room swirled, fluttering the pair of napkins sitting on the coffee table. The breeze moved toward Xander, pulled like it was caught in an unseen gravitational pull. Between his open palms, it coalesced into a shimmering ball of pressurized air.
Looking up, Xander focused on the nearest empty bottle. With a flick of his wrist, the air bubble shot through the air and struck the bottle just below its narrow neck. The bottle tumbled off the half wall and clattered onto the kitchen floor. 
Xander turned his hand skyward and the bubble froze a few feet beyond the wall. Curling his fingers, the ball shot back and struck both the remaining bottles.
With a sigh, Xander released the pressurized wind. Both his and Sean’s ears popped with the sudden change of pressure in the room.
“I stand corrected,” Sean said, still chuckling excitedly. “Bubbles are way cooler than I ever would have believed.”
He left the bottles on the floor and took a seat beside Xander on the couch. “You’re really starting to get the hang of your super power.”
Xander smiled wearily. “Will you stop calling them super powers?”
“Whatever. All I’m saying is that I’m rooming with a guy who can control the wind. That’s pretty cool.”
Xander scowled at his small bag of clothes dropped haphazardly beside the couch which, for the past couple days, had doubled as his bed. He was greatly appreciative of Sean letting him stay with him but he was still bitter toward his family for what he saw as a betrayal of his trust.
“Sorry,” Sean said, noting Xander’s expression. “Still too soon?”
“No, forget about it. Thanks for letting me crash here, though.”
“No problem. What are best friends for?”
Sean leaned back and pulled apart some of the blinds. Night had settled hours ago. It was a moonless night, leaving the neighborhood cast in gloomy darkness. Only a pair of street lamps cast a glow on the broad parking lot outside the apartment building.
Dropping the blind, he looked down at his watch. “You know, it’s still pretty early. You want to practice some more before we turn in for the night?”
Xander smiled, his sour disposition quickly forgotten. “Yeah, I do.”
Sean got back off the couch and walked over to the pair of fallen bottles on their side of the half wall.
“We have class tomorrow,” Sean remarked as he set the first bottle onto the wall.
“Uh huh,” Xander replied. He flexed his fingers in anticipation.
“You think Sammy’s going to be there?”
Xander looked away but couldn’t conceal his smile. Despite the distraction his newfound powers offered, he couldn’t stop thinking about Sammy. Every curve of her face, every sparkle in her blue eyes, and every playful toss of her long hair was seared into his memory.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Sean said as he set the second bottle onto the wall. “So, what are you going to do about Jessica?”
Xander’s coy smile quickly evaporated. “What do you mean?”
“Come on. It’s not exactly a big secret that you’re infatuated with the new girl. You may say that Jessica is just your ‘pseudo-girlfriend’, but I’m pretty sure she thinks it’s a little more important than that. You really think she’s the type that’s going to be okay with you jumping on the newest thing to roll into town?”
Xander opened his mouth but quickly shut it again. He didn’t know which part of Sean’s comments offended him more but he had trouble refuting the simple truth. Jessica wasn’t the type of girl to take that sort of rejection. He was suddenly far less excited about going to school the next day.
“Don’t worry, buddy,” Sean said as he retrieved the last bottle. “I’ll put my moves on Jessica and you’ll just be a distant memory by the end of the day tomorrow.”
Xander laughed and released the bubble he’d been creating while they spoke. It crashed into the first bottle and narrowly missed Sean’s nose as his friend set the last one on the ledge.

Long after Sean had gone to bed that night, Xander sat on the couch with his textbooks spread before him on the coffee table. He picked up a packet of paper, looked at the list of assignments he should have had completed by Monday, and frowned as he read through the expansive list. Despite the piles of homework he had already completed in the past couple hours, a daunting amount of work still remained to be done.
Between exploring his new powers, his fight with his family, and Sammy, he hadn’t spent a lot of time concentrating on his schoolwork. Xander sighed as he dropped the syllabus back onto the stack of other paperwork. In that respect, his father had been right. Xander wasn’t thinking about what really mattered and it was ruining his future.
He flipped open the nearest textbook and read through the first of many chapters he needed to read. The coffee cup steamed with the newest batch of freshly brewed coffee—one of many pots he expected to drink before the night was through. He might become a walking zombie by the time the next morning rolled around but he was determined to at least turn in the appropriate stack of homework when he got to class.
The chapter was predictably dry reading and he found himself re-reading the same paragraph two to three times before he fully absorbed the material. Glancing up at the clock, Xander saw the glaring green of the digital numbers reading just after midnight. Sighing, he turned the first textbook back to the first chapter and pulled out his homework questions.
“What is the longest railroad in the world, connecting Moscow to Pyongyang?”
He flipped forward a few pages to confirm his answer. As he ran his finger down the page, his eyes fell on the Trans-Siberian Railway. Grabbing his pencil, he copied down the answer. For a moment, Xander’s eyes fell back to the textbook before he looked back to his homework and prepared to answer the second question. He immediately noticed something wrong with the answer he had copied down. 
Xander picked up the paper so that he could see it more clearly through his weary eyes. Despite his mind screaming that the answer should have read “Trans-Siberian”, his eyes told him the truth.
“Trans-Sammy Railway?” Xander read, dumbfounded.
He flipped his pencil around angrily—glad he chose to answer the questions in pencil rather than pen. He erased the answer and wrote down the correct one.
Xander’s eyes fell on one of the homework assignments he had already completed and he let out a loud groan. The top answer started with “Sammy-economic evolution during the early 20th century…”
Panicked, he pulled up another random sampling of his homework. Her name appeared in nearly every answer he had completed.
“General Sammy Jackson led the Confederate…”
“…which was later renamed Thailand from the previous Sammy…”
“…the article was clearly written with a Conservative Sammy…”
Xander dropped the stack of papers back onto the coffee table and rubbed his cheeks. The sensation against his growing beard was the only thing that confirmed he wasn’t experiencing some horrible nightmare.
“I just met her two days ago,” he moaned. “Now I can’t stop thinking about her. What is going on?”

Xander dreaded every step he climbed toward the lecture hall. He wasn’t necessarily passive-aggressive but he didn’t like confrontation if it was avoidable. Unfortunately, he knew he couldn’t avoid it when it came to Jessica. It was one of her personality flaws that had always kept her in the “pseudo-girlfriend” category, rather than him committing fully to their relationship.
He opened the back door to the room and saw Jessica’s sorority sisters seated close together near the front of the room but he didn’t see Jessica. Turning at the back row, his heart dropped quickly in his chest. There sat Jessica directly beside Sammy. Though they looked deep in conversation, Xander could easily read Sammy’s pained expression.
“Hi ladies,” he said disarmingly. He managed to keep a calmer exterior despite his jittery nerves.
“Hi sweetheart,” Jessica said. Xander immediately felt like he was walking into a trap. “Pull up a seat and join us. I was just getting to know the new girl.”
With Jessica’s attention firmly on Xander and her back to Sammy, Sammy held up a piece of paper with the words SAVE ME printed in big letters across the page. Xander stifled a smile at the pleading sight.
His mirth disappeared when he looked at Jessica. He didn’t see the flirtatious girl he’d known since freshman year. All he saw in her eyes was the overbearing sorority girl who was used to getting her way. The sight of that blatant arrogance made Xander irritated.
“What are you doing, Jessica?”
“I’m not doing anything. The new girl and I were just discussing what you and she talked about all during class on Friday.”
Xander felt the hairs rise on the back of his neck. “First of all, her name is Sammy. You can at least fake civility and actually call her by her name. And second of all, it’s none of your business what we talked about.”
“I’m sorry,” Jessica said as she stood from her chair. “I didn’t mean to offend your girlfriend.”
“She’s not my girlfriend. She’s a friend who happens to be a girl. But you know what? Right now, you are sure not acting like my friend and I’m not entirely sure I want you as a girlfriend.”
Jessica’s eyes narrowed dangerously. “Are you breaking up with me?”
“I can’t break up with you, Jessica. We’ve never officially went out. You sit in the back of the room with me and flirt all day and then ask for my notes because you can’t be bothered to take any. As for the other part, about you being a friend who’s a girl, yeah, I guess I’m ending that too.”
“What’s gotten into you?” Jessica asked, genuine hurt reflected in her surprised expression. “This isn’t you.”
“Maybe it’s just time someone told you the truth.”
Xander mentally recoiled as Jessica flinched from his verbal barrage. While he couldn’t condone the way she was talking to Sammy, she was right about his attitude. He normally avoided confrontation like this but the sight of Sammy being harassed by Jessica made him want to be the knight in shining armor that rode to Sammy’s defense.
“Fine,” Jessica sneered, her eyes glistening with tears. “Then maybe you can take her to the spring formal instead!”
Jessica shoved her way past him. Instead of turning toward her sorority sisters in the front of the room—all of whom were turned around and watching the scene unfold—she slammed open the back door and left the lecture hall.
Xander sighed in frustration and collapsed into the seat Jessica vacated, directly beside Sammy.
“She seems nice,” Sammy said softly.
Despite his mood, Xander found himself smiling. “Yeah, she’s swell.”
They sat in silence while the room fell back into its normal rhythm. Slowly, all the other students turned around and returned to normal conversations before the professor arrived.
“Thanks,” Sammy said finally.
“For what?”
“For standing up for me. Don’t get me wrong—I can handle myself just fine. It’s just… it’s just nice to have someone stand up for you. You really are a nice guy.”
“It’s all a façade,” Xander joked, his humor hiding the concern he felt for the way he talked to Jessica. She may be self-centered but she didn’t deserve his condescension. “I’m just a normal college guy who’s trying to get into your pants.”
Sammy elbowed him playfully.
“I’m sorry,” Xander said. “You didn’t deserve to be pulled into the middle of our problems.”
“Is there still an ‘our’ with you two?”
Xander looked over his shoulder to the closed door. “No, I guess there really isn’t. I’m not entirely sure there ever was.”
“You shouldn’t have broken up with her for me.”
“What makes you think that was all for you?”
Sammy arched a perfectly sculpted eyebrow. “Of course it was. All I’m saying is that you just met me. You don’t even know me yet, not really.”
“Are you an axe murderer?”
Sammy stared intently into his eyes. He could see the mischievous sparkle glistening. “I don’t use an axe.”
“Then so far so good. I guess the only solution left is to get to know you better.” He had to steel himself before asking the question he’d wanted to ask since meeting her last week. “Maybe you’d like to go to dinner sometime?”
“I was thinking of something a little different. I was thinking that Jessica was right and you should ask me to the spring formal,” she offered. 
She quickly looked away, slightly embarrassed. Xander found the mix of brash confidence and coy modesty even more intoxicating.
“I’d love to take you to the formal.”
Her smiled broadened in relief. “Then it’s a date.”
Xander returned her smile as his mind began to race. He didn’t pay attention to a single thing the professor said during the lecture that day.




The White Halls Convention Center sounded far more remarkable than it truly was. The building, much like the rest of the town in which it resided, was anticlimactic when seen up close. Standing outside the glassed entryway, Xander thought it looked far more like a high school gymnasium. In a town like White Halls, however, there weren’t a lot of better options when hosting an event as large as the spring formal.
The event was themed—Alice in Wonderland, as Xander noted from the myriad of posters and banners hung around the building—but he wasn’t dressed for a part. He had rented a dark grey suit and tie, though the tie had been intentionally left behind in his car.
Other students filtered past him while he waited for Sammy. They wore assortments of bunny ears and stovepipe hats with hand-drawn playing cards stuffed into ribbon bands around their brims. A few girls arrived in the traditional blue dress with white apron, though the sheer number of homegrown Alices made the outfit far from special. There was one remarkable Queen of Hearts that entered but she was really only remarkable because the outfit left little to the imagination. Some strategically placed hearts on the Queen of Hearts were the only solid pieces of fabric on the whole ensemble.
Xander waved to a few friends he recognized as they entered. Some of the men had dressed up as well but most were variations of the Mad Hatter.
He admired the costumes as an excuse to keep his mind busy and stop waiting impatiently for Sammy to arrive. Since their class together on Monday, he had thought of little else but her. Sean had even remarked at his lack of focus when experimenting with his new powers.
Xander reached up and scratched his stubbly chin. Not two weeks before, he had discovered the ability to control the wind. Yet even that seemed to pale in light of his infatuation for Sammy. Xander wasn’t a stupid man. He could see that something was wrong. He had never been the type to grow infatuated with anyone. Even his attraction to Jessica had always been tempered with logic and common sense. Common sense had been the first thing to go when he met Sammy.
His attraction to her, he hated to admit, bordered on something supernatural.
Before he could follow that train of thought any further, his eyes saw a flicker of luscious blonde hair. Sammy wore a dress of layered lace that fell just above her knees. The upper part of her dress hugged her body like a corset before billowing again at the sleeves. Her milky skin flowed from the dress as she moved. Xander couldn’t take his eyes off her.
As soon as she saw him, a smile broke across her face. She hurried up to him, slipping past the other couples that slowly moved inside the convention center. Stopping just short, she placed her hands behind her back and smiled sheepishly up at him.
“Do you like my dress?”
Xander’s mouth moved but he couldn’t find the words. “You look amazing,” he finally stammered.
Sammy blushed. “I wanted to go with a more contemporary Alice, something a little different from the blue and white.”
“Mission accomplished,” he said. “You look ready to dive down a rabbit hole.”
“Maybe we can just start with a drink and dancing.”
Xander offered his arm, which she quickly took, and led her inside. The inside of the convention center had been transformed into its own Wonderland. A snack table to the left as they entered offered tea and small pieces of cake. Despite the general corniness of the event, Xander was genuinely impressed with their details.
His attention, however, kept drifting back to Sammy. “You look amazing.”
She smiled. “You said that already.”
“It’s worth repeating.”
They found a couple open seats at one of the round tables. An assortment of drinks in various stages of consumption was spread around the table but their owners were busy on the dance floor. A cascade of conversation topics ran through Xander’s head but he dismissed each in turn every time he looked at Sammy. 
She looked over and caught him staring, not for the first time that night. “You’re unusually quiet.”
Xander cleared his throat and chose to take a sip of his drink.
Sammy smiled. “Don’t tell me you’re the type of guy that only talks a good game right up to the point where the girl actually likes him.”
“This is our first date,” Xander finally said. “I don’t want to scare you away just yet.”
She placed her hand on his. Her skin seemed to burn against his clammy hand. “You’re not going to scare me away. I’m a big girl. If you have something you want to say, just say it.”
Xander turned his palm over and slid his fingers between hers. “This is going to be a horrible conversation piece for our first date but I really have to say it. Ever since I met you, I can’t stop thinking about you. I don’t want you to think I’m some crazy stalker or anything. This isn’t even really me. I’m normally so standoffish and—”
Before he could continue, Sammy grabbed a hold of his lapel and pulled him into a kiss. Her lips were warm and smooth against his. She pulled back as quickly as she had begun.
“You talk too much,” she said. 
Xander’s eyes were still closed but a smile was plastered across his face. “Yeah, you’re probably right.”
He risked opening an eye and caught sight of her coy smile. He suddenly felt more relaxed than he had in weeks.
“Do you want to dance?” he said.
She stood without saying a word and, with their hands still interlocked, pulled him onto the dance floor.
He felt awkward pushing their way past the dancing students. He wasn’t the best dancer and the fast pace of the music currently playing left him very self-aware. 
The song that was playing ended as they reached the center of the dance floor. The flashing multi-colored lights shut off and the room was cast into a dim glow. From the speakers around the room, a gentle melody began.
Sammy slipped her arms around his neck and laid her head on his shoulder. He slipped his hands around the small of her back and she let herself sink into him as they danced.
Xander wasn’t sure how long the song actually lasted. It couldn’t have been more than three or four minutes, but it felt like a blissful eternity while they shared their moment on the dance floor.
When the song finally ended, they both seemed satisfied and walked back to the table. Someone had walked around the room during the slow dance and lit candles in each of the centerpieces. The Wonderland decorations became hauntingly beautiful in the dim candlelight. Patterns danced on the faux trees. The cardboard smoke rings from the caterpillar’s pipe seemed to sway in an unseen breeze.
Before Xander could admire the ambiance for too long, Sammy nudged him to get his attention. Following her gaze, Xander frowned deeply. Jessica was walking purposefully through the crowd, followed closely by a stocky football player whom Xander only mildly recognized.
Jessica’s expression told him that her civility would be kept to a bare minimum. After the amazing evening he’d had thus far, the last thing he wanted was a confrontation with her.
“Let’s just leave,” Xander offered.
“No,” Sammy said adamantly. “There are some things that probably need to be said before we go.”
Jessica and her date stopped at the far edge of the table. The rounded table offered just enough distance between the two couples that physical contact was an impossibility, though Jessica’s spite knew no such bounds.
“That’s an awfully cute dress,” she said wickedly. “Did you make it yourself?”
Sammy stared at her but didn’t reply. Xander felt like the temperature in the room had suddenly been turned up by a few dozen degrees. Sweat began beading on his forehead and he was glad he had an undershirt to catch the moisture beginning to roll down his back.
“You know what?” Jessica continued. “You don’t have to answer that. I’d rather you didn’t talk right now and let me say what I have to say. I don’t know who you are. I don’t even know your last name.”
Xander frowned slightly. He was on a date with Sammy and he just realized that he didn’t know her last name either.
“But since you’ve shown up,” Jessica said, leaning across the table as far as the space would allow, “you’ve caused me nothing but trouble. I happen to be president of the largest sorority on campus. If I wanted to, I could make your life a living hell. And you may think to yourself that no one is that petty—but you’d be wrong.”
She leaned back a little, having said what she needed to say. “Now, is there anything you’d like to say before I walk away from here? An apology, maybe?”
Sammy nodded softly. “Your dress is on fire.”
Jessica looked down in horror as a small flame ignited the end of her sleeve. She screamed and her date grabbed the nearest drink and threw it on her. The cranberry juice soaked the entire front of her dress, staining the white apron. Jessica’s wrath toward Sammy was immediately forgotten as she stormed furiously away, her date trailing further and further behind.
“That was the best rebuttal I’ve ever heard,” Xander said in awe. “I don’t even think she realized she’d leaned across the candle.”
“I certainly wasn’t going to tell her,” Sammy joked, though the humor felt strained.
“Are you okay? That was a little harsh, even from Jessica.”
Sammy nodded. “Do you mind if we just get out of here? I don’t really think I want to be around when she gets back.”
“You got somewhere in mind?” he asked.
“I don’t live that far away,” she said. “Maybe you can walk me home.”

The cool night air felt wonderful against Xander’s flushed face. They hadn’t spoken since leaving the convention center but he was satisfied without meaningless conversation. They walked hand in hand, strolling down the vacant and quiet streets of White Halls.
He didn’t recognize the part of town through which they walked but that wasn’t entirely unusual. The town was pretty well separated by College Street and he rarely had a reason to come to this side of the small town.
Looking over, he saw Sammy’s distant stare. The jovial attitude he’d come to appreciate over the past week seemed curiously absent, as though she had a lot weighing on her mind.
“Penny for your thoughts?” he asked.
She shook her hair and reached up with her far hand. She brushed some of her hair out of her face but he swore she also wiped the corner of her eyes as though wiping away a tear.
Xander stopped and pulled at her hand, forcing her to stop as well. “What’s wrong? You’re not still bothered by Jessica, are you? I told you that you shouldn’t worry about her.”
“It’s not Jessica,” she replied sadly. “You’re just such a nice guy and you treat me so well. You’re just so different from what I expected when we met.”
“Shouldn’t that make you happy?”
“It should,” she conceded. “I’m just not a good person, Xander, I’m really not. I’m going to break your heart and you’re going to hate me.”
“Unless you tell me that our first date was really horrible or I’m a terrible kisser, I don’t think you’re going to break my heart.”
His attempt at humor elicited little more than a weak smile. Sammy looked down at her feet, unable to even make eye contact.
“Our date wasn’t all that bad, was it?”
“No, it was perfect.” She seemed nearly on the verge of tears.
“Then what is it?”
Sammy pointed to an abandoned house across the street. The windows were boarded over but someone had removed the planks from the front door. With only a few interspersed street lamps on the road, the house looked dark and foreboding.
“Come with me,” she said softly. “I have to show you something.”
He followed without question, eager to find out what was bothering her so badly. “You don’t live here, do you?”
She squeezed his hand as she led him across the street.
The front door opened with an ear-piercing screech as the rusted hinge fought against the intrusion. The smell of dust and mold assaulted his senses and he had to bite back a sneeze. A few footprints crisscrossed across the foyer but they looked old. New layers of dust and dirt had already settled into those ancient steps.
The hardwood floors groaned with each step they took, betraying the otherwise stagnant air of the abandoned house. Looking around, Xander appreciated what the house once represented. Despite most of the crystal having been stripped away, he could still tell that the chandelier above the staircase was impressive.
“Why are we here?”
Sammy didn’t reply but led him to the staircase heading upstairs. He could see her shoulders heave with emotion as she walked and a sense of dread settled into his gut. Good news didn’t come from an emotional woman in a decrepit building.
Each stair creaked in turn as they climbed the stairs. Debris—a collection of empty cans and stained bottles—littered the first stairwell landing. On the upper floor, he could see small scorch marks against the wall where the wallpaper had bubbled and peeled against the heat. More empty cans sat nearby, remnants of what Xander had to assume were small cooking fires.
Sammy led him to a back room, the door of which was already ajar. As they stepped inside, she turned toward him. Her eyes sparkled with tears and the mascara had run at the corners of her almond eyes. The sight was heartbreaking and he only wanted to reach out and comfort her.
“Wait here,” she said, placing a hand gently on his chest.
The room was empty, aside from the pair of young lovers. A set of windows was cut into the far wall but plywood had been placed over the glass ages ago. Only faint slivers of light from the streetlamps outside filtered around the edges of the wood and softly illuminated the room.
Sammy walked to the center of the room before stopping, her back facing him. Her shoulders rose and fell as she took deep breaths. Xander looked around, wondering what all this was about. He was so consumed with his curiosity that he almost missed her gentle whisper.
“I’m sorry, Xander,” she said in a barely audible voice. “I’m really sorry.”
She spun on her heel and the room suddenly illuminated with vibrant reds, oranges, and yellows. With a flick of her wrist, a ball of flame leapt from her hand and flew across the room. 
Her aim was slightly off and the ball struck the wall just beside Xander, showering him and the room in a blossom of sparks. He could smell the pungent aroma of sulfur mixed with the toxic scent of melting wallpaper and plaster.
Her hands were sheathed in flames and the flickering colors were reflected in her smoldering eyes.
Reflexively, Xander raised his hand and the room was filled with swirling wind. The flames on her arms danced wildly in the wind, alternating growing smaller against the breeze before flaring even brighter as it burned away the oxygen in the room.
Sammy raised an arm defensively in front of her face. The power swelled inside Xander, seeming to feed off his fear and adrenaline. As the wind flowed through him, he felt it pressurizing around her. He closed his hands into a sphere in front of him as he squinted against the gale-force winds. 
As quickly as they had begun, the winds died. The glow from the fires diminished as well as Xander realized that Sammy was completely encased in an air bubble.
She stared at him through the shimmering bubble but it wasn’t with animosity like he had expected. Her expression was deeply colored with sadness.
“What is going on?” Xander yelled as he approached the bubble.
“I’m sorry, Xander,” she cried. Tears rolled down her cheek. “I don’t have a choice.”
Pockets of flame began to ignite around her arms again but she had to cough as smoke began filling the bubble.
“I wouldn’t do that,” he said, feeling horribly deflated. “If you don’t burn all the oxygen out of the bubble, I’ll pull all the air out and let you suffocate.”
She looked at him again and bit back a body-wracking sob. The flames on her arms were reabsorbed into her skin, leaving them both in relative darkness.
He wanted to rail against her but all he could hear were her continued sobs. His mind fell time and time again to the flames that had engulfed her, seemingly without harm.
“Why?” he asked quietly.
She reached up and wiped away her tears with the back of her hand. “I don’t have a choice. I’m a Fire Warrior. I had to do this.”
“I don’t understand. What is a Fire Warrior? Why did you have to attack me?” He felt his ire growing. “You could have killed me!”
“I couldn’t,” she blurted out in the darkness. “I was supposed to. I was supposed to bring you here and kill you but I couldn’t. Please, you have to believe me. I couldn’t do it!”
Xander felt crestfallen, like he had been stabbed in the chest. This woman who he had fallen for so completely was his assassin.
“So this was all a lie. You toyed with me just to get me here?”
“Yes. No,” she cried out in the darkness and it took her a long moment to regain her composure. “I was supposed to get close enough to you to get you here. That was it. But we have a real connection. I know you feel it too and it’s way more than just love at first sight.”
“Stop,” he demanded.
“There’s something tangible and unnatural between us. I know you can feel it!”
“Just stop!”
He wanted her to stop talking, not because he was angry with her but because he knew she was right. Whatever they felt for one another transcended simple puppy love or physical attraction. 
His eyes finally adjusted to the gloom of the abandoned house and he could see her puffy eyes and streaks of tears that had been traced down her face. The woman he was staring at might be a liar but she wasn’t a killer.
With a wave of his hand, he dismissed the air bubble.
Sammy stared at him in surprise but he spoke before she could say anything else that would hurt him.
“Just explain to me why? Why did you have to do this?”
She stared at him as though he had asked her a trick question. When she realized he was serious, she tried to stammer through an answer.
“It’s the cycle of the elements. Earth gives way to the sea, the sea bows to the wind, the wind feeds the flame, and the flame burns the world of man down to the earth.”
Xander stared at her sternly. “You’re not making any sense.”
“The time of the Wind Caste is coming to an end. It’s the time for the Fire Caste to take over.”
“You’re not making any sense!”
“You’re a Wind Warrior!” she cried.
He shook his head. A part of his gut twisted as his mind began theorizing about the truth.
“What’s a Wind Warrior? What’s the Wind Caste?”
Sammy staggered in surprise. “You really don’t know, do you? This wasn’t all just an act. You really have no idea.” Her hand flew to her mouth as she stifled another cry. “Oh my God, I almost killed you and you don’t even know the truth.”
“Please, Sammy. No more games. Tell me the truth.”
“You’re a Wind Warrior, Xander. You can control the wind like a weapon. Your kind has protected the Earth for thousands of years but your time is coming to an end. It’s time for the Fire Caste to take over.”
“How…” he began, before choking back the question. He cleared his throat before continuing. “How does someone become a Wind Warrior?”
Sammy looked devastated as she told him the truth. “It’s passed down through your family. Someone in your family had to be of the Wind Caste.”
All the cryptic conversations between his father and grandfather came pouring through his mind. He stripped away every conversation he could remember, trying to put it into the context of what he had just been told. He felt his anger returning but not directed at Sammy.
“Go,” he said, motioning toward the door.
“What?”
“Go. Run, before I change my mind.”
Sammy didn’t need a second invitation. She skirted well clear of Xander as she rushed to the door. He heard her footsteps pull up short of the doorway.
“You weren’t like they said you’d be,” she said. “They said you’d be evil—an oppressor who would stop at nothing to keep us from claiming our right to reign. You’re a good man, Xander.”
Xander refused to reply and kept his back to her, though her words burned him deeper than her fire ever could have.
“I have to warn you before I go,” she said, the strength returning to her voice. “I didn’t come alone. If you have any other Wind Warriors in your family, their lives are in danger. You need to go warn them.”
Xander nodded without turning to face her.
She took another step but stopped and turned toward him again. “You wouldn’t really have sucked all the air out of the bubble, would you?”
When he didn’t reply, she turned sadly, walked down the stairs, and out of the house. 
He waited until he was sure she was gone before he whispered into the room, “No, I wouldn’t have.”
His anger was reignited when he thought about his family and the lies they’d told him. He wasn’t entirely sure he could make the same promise to them.
 


The car idled in the driveway as Xander leaned back against the driver’s seat. He lifted his head and stared at his parent’s house. The lights in both the living room and dining room were on and he assumed they were sitting around the table after dinner. A sense of betrayal washed over him as he stared at the unassuming house. His parents had gotten him ready for school every day of his life, sat around the table during meals, and tucked him in at night. The entire time they knew what he was and hadn’t told him.
It’s passed down through your family, Sammy had told him. As much as she had betrayed his trust as well, he had no reason to doubt her.
He turned off the engine and climbed out of the car. The night air seemed far cooler than it had been during the spring formal. A wind gusted around his legs, pulling at his suit pants. Xander frowned, suddenly not sure if the wind was natural or if he was creating it as a response to his bad mood.
The porch steps creaked as he climbed to the front door. He knew it would be unlocked; his parents rarely locked it until they were going to bed.
He turned the handle and the door swung open. Xander could hear the chairs being pushed back from the dining room table as the door opened, his family curious about their unannounced guest. 
His father was the first one around the corner but his mother and grandfather followed closely behind.
“Xander, thank God,” his father said. “We’ve been worried sick about you.”
“Have you?” he replied harshly.
His father seemed taken aback. He stopped in the hallway and stared at his son. “Of course we were worried. We haven’t heard from you since you left the other day. We wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“I’m not okay, Dad. I’m angry and I’m hurt.”
“What are you talking about?” his mother asked, stepping up beside her husband.
“What’s a Wind Warrior?”
The silence in the house seemed deafening. No one spoke but their expressions confirmed what Xander suspected all along. Slowly, his father turned toward his grandfather and they shared a knowing expression.
“Where did you hear that?” his father asked, surprisingly calm for the situation.
“From a Fire Warrior who tried to kill me tonight!”
“A Fire Warrior,” his grandfather said, though his inflection didn’t turn it into a question as much as a statement of fact.
Xander turned his attention back to his father. “You knew what I was this whole time, didn’t you?” He didn’t wait for a response before he continued berating his father. “I could have been killed tonight all because you were too egocentric to bother to tell me the truth! You could have been training me to use my powers! You could have been helping me prepare before something like this happened!”
“No, he couldn’t,” his grandfather said sadly. “He couldn’t because he’s not the Wind Warrior. I am.”
Xander felt deflated. “You?”
“It follows family lines but not every member of a family becomes one. It skipped your father. He’s just a normal man, like you were until a couple weeks ago.”
“Why?” Xander asked, unable to find a more articulate question. “Why didn’t you tell me the truth?”
“Because I asked him not to,” his father said. “I grew up the son of a Wind Warrior and it was a living hell for me. Your grandfather had a perpetual obligation to save the world but he never thought about what his responsibilities did to our family. We’d settle somewhere new and your grandfather would go off to right some wrong in the world. Next thing you knew, someone would claim they saw him flying through the air or making a hurricane to put out a forest fire. And just like that, we’d have to pack up our things and move somewhere new, somewhere where no one knew us so we could start a new life. I moved six times during high school alone. Six times!”
His father looked exhausted and aged. “I didn’t want that for you, Xander. I wanted you to have a normal life. You don’t know how hard it’s been for me since I found out you were one of them.”
“How hard it’s been for you?” Xander replied. He empathized with his father’s sadness but couldn’t ignore the fact that everyone seemed far more interested in controlling his life then letting him choose for himself. 
“What else did the Fire Warrior say before you killed him?” his grandfather asked.
“It was a she and I didn’t kill her.”
“You let her go? Even weakened like the Fire Caste is right now, she’s still a danger.”
“She’s not a danger to us. But she did say there were others with her that are looking for the rest of the Wind Warriors.”
“If there’s more,” his grandfather quickly said to his father, “then we need to get out of the house.”
“This is exactly what I didn’t want,” his father replied angrily. “Even now, after all these years, your life is ruining everyone else’s. Have you ever thought that maybe we don’t want to pack up our lives and leave? We have a good life here!”
“Don’t be a fool, Jack! You think the Fire Warriors care about the life you have?”
Xander shook his head sadly and turned back toward the front door. He slipped back outside before anyone even realized he was gone.

“Xander!” his grandfather yelled as the elder man hurried down the street to catch up.
Xander stuffed his hands deeper into his jacket pockets and kept walking. His grandfather caught up with a huff of exertion and fell into step beside his grandson.
“Come back to the house.”
“I don’t think so. You all have been lying to me my entire life. You, more than anyone.”
“Then where will you go?”
“Anywhere but here.”
“Quit being such a little kid, Xander. I know you’re angry right now but your life is in danger.”
Xander stopped walking and turned toward the old man. “Don’t you think I know that? I took a girl out on a date and she tried to set me on fire. No one knows the danger I’m in better than me.”
“I’m… I’m sorry. You shouldn’t even be going through this yet.”
Xander furrowed his brow. “That’s the second time you’ve told me I’m too young.”
“That’s because you are. Wind Warriors are born with our powers but they don’t manifest until you turn twenty-five. I don’t know why you suddenly got your powers so early. It doesn’t make sense. But if you got them, there’s a reason.”
Xander’s thoughts drifted to Sammy. He knew some people looked deceptively young but he doubted she was twenty-five either.
“What reason could there be for ruining my life?”
“Quit being a drama queen, boy,” his grandfather growled. “You may not appreciate it but you’ve been given a great honor.”
“I don’t appreciate it because I’m apparently the only person that doesn’t know what the hell is going on.”
“Sit,” his grandfather said, pointing to a bench on the outskirts of a city park. “Sit and I’ll try to explain it to you.”
Xander hesitated as the older man took a seat on the bench. With a sigh, he walked over and joined his grandfather.
“So what is a Wind Warrior?”
“You’ve already figured it out. We can control the wind—shape it into whatever we want it to be.”
“No, I understand that part. I mean what is a Wind Warrior? Why do we even exist?”
“To explain it in the simplest terms possible, we’re the guides for humanity. We’re part of one of the four elements: earth, water, air, and fire. Those four elements exist in the four elemental castes. You’re a part of the Wind Caste.”
“And Sammy is a part of the Fire Caste.”
“Exactly. The Wind Caste served as the spiritual guides for humanity, inspiring them to reach for the heavens. We were the wise old men sitting on mountaintops dispensing advice.”
“No,” Xander joked, his humor serving as a defense mechanism when he grew increasingly nervous. “You’re just an old man sitting on a park bench.”
“I used to be so much more. I gave it up.”
“Why?”
“Because your father was right. I was a terrible dad to him growing up, always putting the duties of the caste above my duties as a father. I think he knew that I was disappointed when he didn’t become a Wind Warrior. I swore that it wasn’t too late to be a decent father, so I became a father and grandfather rather than a warrior.”
Xander was surprised by the depth of his grandfather’s answer. He never considered the sacrifices the elder man had made—first for the caste and then after for his family.
“So if we’re Wind and Sammy is Fire, then there are whole other groups of Earth and Water Warriors running around too, right? How come I’ve never heard anything about them?”
His grandfather shook his head. “Because there are no Earth or Water Warriors left. There wasn’t even a Fire Caste until a few decades ago.”
Xander sat forward on the bench. “Where did the others go?”
“They died.”
Xander looked mortified but his grandfather dismissed his concerns with a soft chuckle.
“No one killed them, if that’s what you’re thinking. Each element serves its purpose, helping the evolution of the planet, but no two castes ever exist at the same time.”
Xander remembered something Sammy had said in the dilapidated house. “Earth gives way to the sea, the sea bows before the wind—”
“—the wind feeds the flame, and the flame burns the world of man back to the earth. I see you’ve heard it before.”
“Sammy said it to me—the Fire Warrior.”
“Well, she’s a smart girl. Dangerous but smart.”
“If no two castes can exist at the same time, how can there be Fire Warriors now?”
His grandfather looked solemn. “I think you can figure out that answer.”
“It’s because our time is coming to an end, isn’t it?” he sighed.
The old man nodded. “There used to be thousands of us but we’ve slowly been growing old and passing on without leaving new Wind Warriors to take our place. You’re the first new Wind Warrior in over twenty years.”
“How many of us are left?”
“Too few,” his grandfather replied sadly. “Far too few. The Fire Caste has been born because our era is nearing its end.”
“Wait, the prophecy says that the flames burn the world of man. What does that mean?”
The elder shrugged. “Exactly what it says. Don’t look so surprised. Nearly every religion has a prophecy about the end times, when the Earth as we know it is destroyed and reborn anew. Christians have Revelations. The Norse had Ragnarok. This is just our version of the same story.”
Xander stood and turned toward his grandfather. He couldn’t believe the man he’d known all his life, the man who showed so much compassion for everyone he met, was so calm about the end of the world.
“They’re planning on destroying the world. How are they not our mortal enemies?”
“Because they’re not,” his grandfather replied gruffly. “They’re not evil people. They’re fulfilling their role in the natural cycle of evolution.”
Xander leaned forward until his face was inches from the old man’s. “No, they’re not. They’re trying to kill us. There’s nothing natural about that.”
“I will admit that trying to kill us isn’t part of the plan. It sounds to me like there’s an offshoot of the Fire Warriors who don’t want to wait their turn, especially with a new Wind Warrior being activated after so many years. Before you, they might have just been content waiting out their turn for a few more decades.”
“How do they even know about me?” he said, walking away from the bench and staring up at the clear night’s sky.
“The same way I knew about you. We’re all connected through the elements. When one of us uses our abilities, everyone else can sense it. We used to use that ability whenever a new Wind Warrior reached the age so that we could bring them into the fold. I guess it makes sense that Fire Warriors have the same connection to us, though that’s just speculation.”
Xander cursed himself quietly for being so stupid. Everything made a lot more sense now. Sammy had shown up to his class the day after he saved that man from being hit by the bus. She had to have sensed his power and was sent immediately afterward. How could he have been so blind?
He sighed and turned back to his grandfather. “So what do we do now?”
“We run. We get as far away as we can and we keep you safe.”
“And then what? Never use our powers again? We know they can track us—so we just all live to a ripe old age until we die of natural causes and the Fire Caste takes over?”
“I didn’t say it was a good plan.”
“And what happens when they do take over? What happens to the Earth?”
His grandfather shrugged. “As each of the Wind Warriors die, I would assume volcanoes would erupt. There would be city-shattering earthquakes. When the last of us pass on, the Fire Warriors will be able to fully escape their prison and roam the Earth.”
Xander shook his head. “Then I’m not running. I can’t hide and save myself while knowingly damning the rest of the world.”
“You’re a stubborn mule of a boy, you know that?”
“I’m sure that’s hereditary too,” he replied with a smile. “So where do we find these Fire Warriors?”
His grandfather’s smile washed from his face. Xander felt it too, a sudden surge of energy like the static charge just before a lightning strike.
From out of the trees in the park behind them, dark-robed men emerged. In their hands, burning orbs danced in the darkness.
“I don’t think finding them will be a problem,” the old man whispered.




His grandfather launched into the air, carried upward on a sudden gust of wind, just as the bench ignited in flames and sparks. The wind died when the old man was nearly twenty feet in the air, leaving him hovering as he redirected the wind flow. A sudden downdraft of pressurized air slammed into one of the Fire Warriors, driving the man into the ground with violent force.
“Run, Xander!” his grandfather yelled. “I’ll hold them off.”
“No way,” Xander replied. “I can help.”
He was stepping toward the dark-robed men when the ground in front of him erupted in a wall of flames. The flames burned nearly white with an intense heat that washed over him. Xander staggered backward as his clothes began to smolder and the air burned in his lungs.
He could barely see his grandfather land on the far side of the flames. He heard, rather than saw, a roar of a tornado as it touched down, uprooting one of the trees in the park. Xander saw the silhouette of a man being launched high into the night sky and didn’t envy the painful landing he had in his future.
Beyond the wall of flame, sparks roared into the night air. Balls of flame exploded against the ground as they sought the agile old man. One of the Fire Warriors stretched out his hands and a jet of flame poured across the field. His grandfather rolled to the side but the flames ignited the side of his shirt. A quick arctic breeze froze the shirt and extinguished the flames but Xander could hear his grandfather’s labored breathing over the din of battle.
He waved his hand and a futilely small gust of wind crashed against the wall of fire. Instead of breaking through, the wind only fed the flames that grew more intense in response.
Frustrated, Xander stepped further away. Maybe his grandfather was right? He barely knew how to control his powers. Maybe he was a bigger liability by sticking around. Maybe he should run, like his grandfather had asked.
A scream split the air, a throaty yell that sounded close to a mix of pain and coarse coughing. Xander knew that sound and the cough that accompanied it. His grandfather was hurt.
He closed his eyes and bit back the tears of frustration. “Please, I know you can hear me. You used me as a vessel when you helped save that man from the bus. Help me save another of your children. Use me however you have to, just save my grandfather!”
The wind turned from a faint breeze to a gusting hurricane that nearly knocked Xander from his feet. The wind blew from behind him but never passed his body. It poured into him like water into a pail, filling him quickly to the brim. The gusting wind whispered to him as it filled his essence, speaking in a language he didn’t understand but telling a story he knew all too well. In that divine moment, Xander reached a point of celestial clarity.
With a wave of his hand, the wind crashed into the wall of flames. The fire swirled madly before burning down to hot coals on the ground. Xander stepped through, his eyes glowing a frigid white in the moonless night.
The Fire Warriors were frozen in a horseshoe around his grandfather, who knelt on one knee clutching his chest. Before the first Fire Warrior could turn toward the new threat, Xander formed a ball of air in his hand and whipped it outward. The ball crashed into the nearest warrior, lifting him from his feet and throwing him into the depths of the park. Xander heard him crash into a tree and heard the splintering of wood from the impact.
He easily turned the ball on the next Fire Warrior, striking him in the back and sending the warrior sprawling into the mud.
The rest of the Fire Warriors scattered as Xander continued his assault. From the corner of his eye, he saw a ball of flame soaring at him. A flick of his wrist turned the blowing wind into hurricane strength, which easily deflected the fireball. He turned the wind on the Fire Warrior that attacked him, sending him tumbling end over end into the woods.
“Stop right now!” a voice yelled from across the park. 
Xander turned to the sound and found a warrior holding his grandfather by the throat. In his other hand, fire roared between his fingertips. Xander could see the anguish on the old man’s face and knew that even the hand that held him in place had to be hot enough to burn his flesh.
“Turn down the wind or I’ll burn the old man to the ground.”
The smoldering white in Xander’s eyes faded and the wind that whipped his hair about receded into his body. 
“What do you think you’re doing here?” Xander asked, holding his arms out wide in a show of surrender. 
“We’re claiming what’s ours,” the Fire Warrior replied.
“By killing the Wind Caste? I may be new to this but I’m pretty sure that’s not how it works.”
The warrior laughed derisively. “And you think we should, wait another sixty years until you finally decided to have the decency to die? Lord Balor might have waited for this old man and his crew to pass on but you’re something different. We won’t wait for any longer before we take what’s rightfully ours.”
“It’s not yours,” Xander replied. “It’s still mine! I just found out that there’s this whole world that I never knew existed. I just found out I’m something far more special than just another slacker college student. I’m not about to give that up just yet.”
“You can’t stop us. Wind feeds the flame, remember? The best thing you could have done would have been to die when Sammy tried to kill you. Now you’re going to die and she’s going to suffer for her failure.”
The mention of Sammy ignited a flame in Xander’s chest. There was no reason why he should be so willing to protect her when she had clearly betrayed him, but the moment the warrior threatened her, he felt himself grow dangerously defensive.
“Not if I take away your fuel,” Xander growled.
A bubble appeared around the Fire Warrior’s hand. When Xander jerked both his hands backward, the air was sucked out of the bubble in jets of pressurized air. Without the oxygen to feed his flames, the fire on the warrior’s hand disappeared in a puff of smoke.
“What did you—?”
The warrior couldn’t finish his sentence as another bubble appeared around his head. Sammy had wondered if he could truly pull the oxygen from the bubble when he had her trapped. At the time, he wasn’t sure it was even possible, much less if he could have done it to her as a punishment. In this instance, he felt significantly more confident and justified.
The air escaped the bubble in an audible gush. The Fire Warrior gasped for air that no longer existed in the personal vacuum around his head. His lungs screamed for relief as the oxygen was pulled from them as well. Three seconds later, as the lack of oxygen reached his brain, the Fire Warrior released Xander’s grandfather and pitched forward, unconscious. Xander released the bubble before he hit the ground, making sure that the man lived while also making sure nothing blunted the impact as his face struck the ground.
“Who’s next?” Xander yelled to the few remaining warriors.
In response, they turned and ran into the woods, not eager to fight the newly minted Wind Warrior.
When he was sure it was safe, Xander rushed over to his grandfather’s side. The old man propped himself up on a knee with his hand pressed against the ground. Xander slipped his grandfather’s free arm over his shoulder and helped him to his feet.
“Can you walk?”
His grandfather nodded. “I’ve been through worse. Are any of them still around?”
Xander looked over his shoulder and shook his head. “There are some around but none that are in any condition to answer questions.”
“They’ll be back,” the elder man groaned. “They’ll come back with even more Fire Warriors and overwhelm us.”
“What would you have me do?”
“We run, like we should have done in the beginning.”
Xander shook his head. “You heard my dad. He won’t leave White Halls.”
“I know, Xander. I don’t plan on taking him with us.”
Xander would have stepped back in surprise if he hadn’t been bearing so much of his grandfather’s weight. “Just like that? You just want to leave them to face the Fire Caste alone?”
“The Fire Warriors don’t care about your dad and mom. They’re normals, not part of the Wind Caste. It’s you and me that they want.”
Xander looked over his shoulder and down the street. In the far distance, he could see the glowing porch light of the house he grew up in. Everything he’d ever known existed in that house and in this town. The thought of leaving White Halls scared him to death.
“Where will we go?” Xander asked.
“We’ll join the others Wind Warriors. We’ll need to warn them that the Fire Caste has declared war on our survivors anyway.”
“The Fire Warrior mentioned a name—Lord Balor. Does that name mean anything to you?”
“No, but it wouldn’t, would it? The Fire Caste didn’t even exist when I was doing most of my work as a Wind Warrior. But we’ll keep his name in mind. I don’t think we’ve heard the last of him.”
Xander’s gaze fell once again on the house in the distance. Beyond their street, they could hear the police and fire sirens screaming into the quiet night. Around them, the few houses that existed on their rural street were coming to life, with lights turning on in the windows of curious onlookers.
“I know you want to say goodbye, Xander. Make it quick. We don’t want to be here when the Fire Warriors come back and I sure don’t know how to explain this to the police. We need to hurry.”

His parents stood on the porch when Xander approached. He wasn’t surprised to see the tears gleaming in his mother’s eyes. His father’s tears, however, startled him. His father didn’t bother concealing his emotion and instead let the tears roll into his beard.
Xander felt a tightness growing in his chest as he climbed the few porch steps. He had returned to the house to angrily confront his family about their lies. Knowing the truth and knowing the danger it represented, he suddenly found an uncanny bond with the parents that had tried so hard to keep him protected from the truth.
“I’m sorry,” he sobbed as he reached the porch.
His father shook his head before wrapping his arms tightly around Xander’s back. Xander buried his face in his father’s shoulder. He felt his mother’s arm wrap around his back and she joined the two men.
When they finally broke their hug, his father wiped his eyes. “All I ever wanted was to keep you from this life. This,” he said, gesturing to the scorched and smoking ground in the park, “it’s just the beginning for you. Promise me something, Xander. Promise me you won’t let it consume your life. You deserve so much more than spending the rest of your life being a Wind Warrior.”
He placed his hand on his father’s shoulder. He wanted to say something reassuring but couldn’t find the words. In the end, Xander settled for a simple nod of his head.
He embraced his parents again, fighting against the strange sinking sensation in his gut. Their farewell seemed far too final for his liking.
“I’ll see you guys again soon,” Xander said but his words felt hollow even as he said them.
He could see his parents’ reservations reflected in their eyes as he spoke. They didn’t seem any more certain of his words than he did.
“We have to go,” his grandfather said from the base of the steps.
Xander half turned toward the older man. In the distance, he could hear the sirens of approaching police and fire vehicles. He was far more concerned about the sounds he wouldn’t hear, like the Fire Warriors returning to finish what they began.
With a sigh, Xander turned back to his parents and embraced them one last time.
“You can come with us, you know,” he whispered into his father’s ear.
His father shook his head. “Our lives are here now. The world you’re going into has no place for normal people like us.”
As they broke their hug, Xander turned toward the stairs. His mother clung to his hand a second longer before regrettably letting him go. Xander took the steps quickly and joined his awaiting grandfather.
“Take good care of him,” his father said reproachfully to his grandfather. “You keep him safe.”
To Xander’s surprise, his grandfather didn’t offer a scathing retort but instead nodded in agreement.
The pair of Wind Warriors walked away, turning down the street that led back to the park. Xander stole a glance over his shoulder and saw his mother leaning heavily against his father’s shoulder.
“I’m worried about them,” Xander said.
“I know,” his grandfather conceded. “I am too. I’m going to have another warrior come watch them for a while, just until I’m sure the Fire Caste is going to leave them be.”
He stole one last glance over his shoulder and thought about all he was sacrificing by leaving. He wasn’t sure he’d ever see his parents again. Jessica, for all her faults, had been a close friend for years. He wouldn’t have the chance to say goodbye to Sean, who had been his quirky best friend since they were children. All he could do now was pray that they remained safe long after he left.
“They’ll be safe,” his grandfather said, as though reading his thoughts.
“I know,” Xander said. “I just get the feeling I’ll never see them again.”
His grandfather sighed. “I hope you’re wrong—I really do.”
 


Xander held his breath as he and his grandfather flew over the puffy white clouds. The dense gust of air that carried them felt like traveling on a pillow. While the ride itself was comfortable, the fact that it didn’t appear that anything was holding them aloft left Xander feeling highly unnerved.
They passed quickly through the air. The wind stung Xander’s eyes, causing tears to streak down his cheeks. From the intermittent breaks in the clouds, he could see mountains giving way to wide expansive plains. In the distance, far beyond where the plains ended, rivers merged into a giant river delta that fed into the ocean.
The pair passed the time in forced silence. Neither had the urge to speak—not after their recent attack at the hands of the Fire Warriors. His grandfather’s throat still bore the scorched finger marks from where he had been held. Even had they wanted to talk, however, it would have been impossible. Every word was stolen by the roaring wind as soon as it left their mouths.
Xander used the time to retreat into his thoughts. Despite being angry at her betrayal, his thoughts invariably fell back to Sammy. He had seen the handiwork of the Fire Warriors firsthand and knew the ruthlessness that they would use to get what they wanted. Logically, he knew that he should have killed her in the house when he had the chance. Logic, however, lost time and again to the strong emotions running through his heart. The connection he had felt for Sammy could easily be explained away as the connection they shared between the elements. It would have been easy to tell himself that it wasn’t love that drew him to her—it was the evolution of the elements from wind to fire. He was made to fuel her power, which is why he was inexplicably drawn to her time and again.
Even if it made sense, Xander didn’t believe that explanation. From the first moment he had looked into her eyes, he knew that she was someone unique. To lose her meant to lose his heart forever. He knew that’s why he took her betrayal so badly. Before him was a woman he wasn’t sure he wanted to live without, even after knowing her for only a week. Yet her first instinct when they were alone was to try to burn him, to kill him, so that her kind could claim their rightful place as the prime element.
It all sounded so crazy in his mind. Strangely, the thought that he had a deep spiritual connection with Sammy was the least crazy thing in his life. The fact that he so openly thought in terms of ‘prime elements’ and ‘wind fueling fire’ was why he was concerned for his sanity. Never mind the fact that he was currently flying through the air at an insane speed, all thanks to the special powers of his geriatric grandfather.
He hadn’t been happy in school, but it had been a way to put off planning for his future. Now, he would have given anything to go back to being the oblivious college student, dating an annoying sorority girl, and hanging out with his geeky best friend.
Thinking of Sean made him almost as sad as thinking of his parents. At least his parents would understand why he had to leave. For Sean, Xander would just be there one day and be gone the next. He’d hear the stories about a wildfire in the city park and the rumors of a tornado touching down and he’d make assumptions, but never really know the truth.
His grandfather tapped him on the shoulder, pulling him from his revelry. He pointed below them, where the cloud cover had cleared and the crystal blue ocean sparkled in the moonlight. He knew the ocean was over six hundred miles away from White Halls and wondered again just how fast they were flying.
Xander wanted to ask where they were going but knew the attempt was futile. He would have to be patient, which clearly wasn’t one of his strongest attributes.

He wasn’t entirely sure if he fell asleep—or if his mind just began daydreaming to pass the time during the long flight—but Xander was startled by another impatient tap on his arm.
He followed his grandfather’s gaze out ahead of their flight path and his eyes widened in awe and fear.
From the depths of the ocean, a massive waterspout sprang high into the air. The swirling water was a cyclone formed over the ocean, sucking up the salty water into a funnel reaching above the clouds. The power of the waterspout was remarkable and stole his breath. Had Xander ever bothered with a bucket list, he would certainly have been able to mark this experience from the list.
He expected that they would fly past and continue on the way to their destination. When his grandfather didn’t veer away from the mile-wide waterspout, Xander began tapping his shoulder impatiently. His grandfather brushed away his impertinent complaining and continued forward.
Xander’s tapping quickly became a fervent shaking, against which his grandfather lashed out and knocked his hand aside.
The pair sped up as they approached the edge of the cyclone. Xander could smell the salty air mixed with an aromatic scent of fresh fish. The sea spray from the waterspout coated his face and soaked his clothes as they flew even closer. A much louder and more violent roar of the devastating swirling waves replaced the roar in his ears from flying—a sound to which he had grown accustomed.
Xander screamed despite himself as the duo crashed into the wave. He expected to be buffeted by the spinning water but was pleasantly surprised when he wasn’t. Daring to open the eyes he hadn’t even realized he closed, Xander saw a small bubble of air surrounding them as they passed through the water unfettered.
The trip through the cyclone was much quicker than Xander would have estimated. They emerged into the eye of the storm, a pillar of still air that opened to an incredible view of the stars above. The sound of the waterspout was greatly diminished in the eye as was the torrential winds.
The pair slowed considerable in the eye and began drifting downward. Xander stole a glance past his descending feet and was stunned by what rose to meet them.
In the eye of the waterspout, hovering above the choppy sea waves, an island floated in the air. The surface of the island was unnaturally flat and a giant marble keep rested on its top. Large pillars rose up to meet sloping rooftops. Ornate steps led down to flowering gardens. Mosaics were intricately designed into the walkways connecting the multitude of outlying buildings.
As they touched down in the center courtyard of the keep, a group of men and women emerged from the buildings to meet them. They were all similarly dressed in white shirts, pants, and sandals that reminded Xander reminiscently of a modernized-ancient Greek culture.
None of the men and women in the group was younger than their mid-forties. For once, Xander felt horribly out of place, like a volunteer in an old folk’s home during Bingo night. 
He smiled sheepishly and waved to them as they approached. 
“Hi,” he said and was surprised that he could hear himself within the waterspout. He had no doubt that this remarkable feat was their doing.
The gathered group smiled broadly at him, though Xander suspected most of their affection was directed toward his grandfather. Their gazes told of a great reverence to the old man.
“Everyone, I’d like you to meet my grandson and the newest Wind Warrior, Xander Sirocco.”
His grandfather turned toward Xander with a more confident smile than he remembered seeing on the elder man before.
“Xander, I’d like to introduce you to your aunts and uncles. They’re going to teach you how to be a legend.”




Near the foothills of the Rocky Mountains, somewhere outside Los Angeles, California, a small crevice led deep into the earth. No wider than a man, the small chasm belched soot and foul-smelling sulfur into the air.
Residents who lived nearby had complained to environmental organizations when the rift appeared a few months earlier but no one had yet been able to make it far inside. The heat within the crevice was intense. The residents were told that it was probably a result of tectonic shifting along a fault line and that it was a flume leading to an underground magma pocket.
The chasm led further into the earth than the environmental organizations believed. Beyond the entrance of the cavern was a dizzying series of natural and unnatural caverns leading deep into the earth. Natural lava tubes merged into carved stone tunnels that transitioned into rough chambers filled with a multitude of stalagmites and stalactites.
Beyond the furthest of these expansive chambers, the passages all became worked stone. Like the story of all roads leading to Rome, the carven passages all led to a massive central chamber. In its depths, lava flowed freely in a blistering swirl that caused the air throughout the rounded room to dance in the heat.
Hovering above the lava, suspended by a latticework of catwalks and support pillars, a gargantuan dark stone castle rose from its charred island.
Pale-skinned men and women, the only color on their skin coming from the ashy soot that settled on their bodies, crossed the catwalks and entered the castle.
In the heart of the castle stood an obsidian throne, on which sat Lord Balor. The tall man leaned back against the chair, his dark hair cascading over his shoulders in waves. His body was draped in crimson and black clothes that clung to him in the oppressive heat. His body was soaked in sweat, adding to his sour disposition.
A Fire Warrior stepped through the throne-room doors and hurried to the Lord’s side. Leaning close, he whispered into Lord Balor’s ear.
“My lord, Lady Sammy and her warriors have returned from their mission.”
“And?” he asked, his voice echoing in the long chamber.
The warrior shook his head. Lord Balor dismissed him with a wave before clenching the arms of his chair in anger.
“Send her in,” he ordered. The warrior with whom he’d been speaking before the messenger interrupted them stepped to Lord Balor’s side.
Sammy entered with a small entourage of Fire Warriors behind her. Her silky dress from the spring formal was gone, replaced by black leather pants and half-jacket. A similarly short shirt clung to her body beneath the jacket, exposing her midriff.
The group approached the throne and stopped at the base of the steps. As a group, they bowed before their Lord.
“We’ve returned, Lord Balor,” Sammy said. Her nervousness was evident in her tone.
She raised her head and looked at the pair of intimidating Fire Warriors on the raised throne dais. Lord Balor towered over the other Fire Warriors. His size and fighting prowess combined to solidify his place as Lord over their offshoot clan.
Sammy knew that not all the Fire Caste agreed with Lord Balor’s plans to assassinate the remaining Wind Warriors but none dared speak against him for fear a violent reprisal.
The man beside Lord Balor lacked the physical stature but scared her far worse. General Abraxas was virtually unparalleled in his fighting skill and ruthlessness in battle. Their clan had already lost a number of Fire Warriors just because of Abraxas’ displeasure.
“Did you succeed in locating the new Wind Warrior?” Lord Balor asked. Sammy knew he was leading her into a verbal trap but she dared not defy him or lie to him.
“We did, my Lord.”
“And is he dead?” The words were laced with a barely veiled threat.
“N-no, my Lord,” Sammy stuttered. She closed her eyes and tensed in anticipation of his retribution. “But I have left men in his town. We will succeed…”
Lord Balor opened his hand and a jet of searing white flame flew from his palm. The fire engulfed the Fire Warrior kneeling beside Sammy. The man screamed in anguish but the yell was short-lived. The heat from the flame turned him to ash almost instantaneously.
Sammy felt the waves of heat rolling over her and felt her hair threaten to ignite from the onslaught. She clenched her jaw tightly and bore the pain the heat caused on her exposed flesh.
When the punishment was done and the warrior burned to black ash, Lord Balor dismissed the flame.
“I won’t accept failure,” he stated angrily. “Were it not for the fact that you are my daughter, it would have been you I burned today.”
Sammy nodded. “Yes… Father.”
Lord Balor waved his hand and dismissed the rest of the Fire Warriors. “I wish to speak to my daughter alone.”
Sammy looked up as the booted feet of the other warriors quickly retreated from the chamber. General Abraxas still stood at his place of honor beside her father.
“Tell me of this new Wind Warrior.”
She swallowed hard, her throat parched from the heat. As much as she loathed lying to her father for fear of his reprisal, she knew she couldn’t tell him the whole truth. She couldn’t tell him that she had thought about him every night since meeting him. She couldn’t tell him that she hated herself for betraying him. She couldn’t tell him that she had cried herself to sleep that night after the spring formal and about how she longed to run back to him that very night and apologize profusely.
Sammy had never been anything other than a brashly independent woman but the connection she felt with Xander was far beyond anything she understood.
“He’s new to his powers,” she explained. “He’s still trying to figure them out but he’s a quick learner.”
“And yet he defeated you,” General Abraxas hissed. His voice was like a serpent, sliding between his sharpened teeth.
“I wasn’t prepared for his level of skill. I’d be better prepared if we met again.”
“I’m glad to hear you say that, my daughter. You’re going to have another chance to redeem yourself. You’re going to return to the surface and find this Wind Warrior. And this time, you won’t fail me.”
Sammy’s heart pounded in her chest. It was more than she could have hoped for. Her father was going to send her back to Xander, completely unaware that she couldn’t harm him if she wanted to.
“And to make sure you don’t fail me again, you’ll be accompanied by General Abraxas. He will ensure the Wind Warrior dies this time.”
Her breath froze in her throat. Abraxas was ruthless and unstoppable. There was no way Xander could survive against him.
“Is that absolutely necessary, Father?” she asked. “This new warrior is little more than a child. He doesn’t pose a threat to us. I expected him to be like you always described the Wind Caste to be: violent, unstable, and dangerous. He wasn’t any of these things. Couldn’t we just—?”
“Silence!” Lord Balor yelled. The room seemed to shake in response to his rage. “You will find this boy and this time you won’t come home until you succeed.”
General Abraxas smiled wickedly, his sharpened teeth glistening in the torchlight. He leaned dangerously forward from his place beside the throne. “And this time when you two meet, you’ll make sure that either he dies… or you do.”
Lord Balor shot an angry glance at his general before returning his glance to his daughter. “Don’t fail us again.”
“Yes, Lord Balor,” she replied sheepishly. Tears stung her eyes and she kept her head lowered so her hair concealed her face. Her heart ached and her stomach twisted itself in knots. She didn’t know how to save Xander, especially from someone as maniacal as Abraxas. If there was a way, however, she knew she’d figure it out. Somehow.

The large throne room doors swung shut as Sammy left. General Abraxas took a step down from the raised dais and stood before Lord Balor. The bald General ran a hand over his sweaty scalp and exposed his rows of filed teeth.
“She’s going to be trouble,” he told the Lord.
Lord Balor’s stern gaze remained on the closed door as though he didn’t hear Abraxas speak.
“When the time comes, she won’t do it,” he continued unabashed by Balor’s seeming indifference. “She has feelings for the Wind Warrior. She won’t be able to kill him.”
“Then you’ll do it yourself,” Lord Balor said finally as he rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “That should be the only thing that concerns you right now. Leave my daughter to me.”
“If she fails, our master won’t be happy.”
Lord Balor slammed his gauntleted fist down onto the arm of the throne. The sound exploded into the large room, echoing around its vaulted ceiling.
“Don’t you dare lecture me on the will of our master!” he bellowed. “And don’t you ever threaten my daughter again. Need I remind you of our master’s plans for her?”
General Abraxas bowed apologetically. “Forgive me, my Lord. I haven’t forgotten our master’s plans. Perhaps I overstepped my bounds. I meant only that Sammy walks a dangerous path.”
“Then it’s your job to keep her safe, Abraxas. Our master won’t accept any harm coming to her.”
Lord Balor stood from his throne and walked around behind the raised dais. He brushed aside one of the hanging tapestries, revealing the stonework wall behind it. He ran his fingers along the wall until they found a small, recessed gray stone amidst a sea of others. A grinding noise filled the room as he pressed the innocuous stone. The rest of the stonework before Lord Balor parted, revealing a secret passage that led deeper into the volcanic cavern. Heat far more intense than that within the throne room washed over the pair of Fire Warriors as they stood at the precipice.
He turned away from the opening and faced the General again. “You told my daughter that either the Wind Warrior dies or she would. I make you the same promise, General. If any harm comes to Sammy, I will give you a quick death, which is more than our master would grant you. Keep her safe or don’t bother coming back.”
General Abraxas bowed again, though his expression held nothing but contempt for the Lord.
Lord Abraxas stepped through the secret passage and the stonework closed behind him.
Abraxas dropped the pretense of piety and walked back to the dais. He climbed its narrow steps before turning toward the empty room. With a flourish, he collapsed into the hard throne. A wicked smile spread across his lips as he surveyed the room and imagined the Fire Caste prostrate before him in reverence.

Sammy watched through the narrow crack between the throne room doors. Her eyes widened as her father disappeared through the hidden doorway behind the hanging tapestry. Even from the great distance, she could practically see General Abraxas’ contemptuous snarl as the warrior took his seat on Lord Balor’s throne.
Ignoring the General, her gaze fell back onto the tapestry that now concealed the secret opening in the rock. She had lived in the castle for nineteen years, leaving only in her attempt to kill Xander, and yet had never seen that opening before. Whatever lay beyond, Sammy felt irrevocably drawn to it. It pulled on her in much the same way Xander had when they first met. It was a surreal feeling, as though forces outside her and beyond her control were pulling her through her own life like a marionette.
“What are you doing there?” a Fire Warrior guard asked as he approached her from behind.
Startled, Sammy spun quickly toward the man. When the guard realized he was addressing the daughter of Lord Balor, he quickly averted his eyes and his stern expression softened.
“Forgive me, Lady Balor. I didn’t realize it was you.”
Sammy cleared her throat, uncomfortable with being addressed as part of the Fire Caste royalty.
“What can I do for you?” she asked, her mind drifting again to the secret passage and whatever lay beyond.
“I was ordered to escort you to your quarters.”
Sammy looked longingly over her shoulder toward the crack between the doors before sighing. She nodded wordlessly and followed the guard away from the throne room doors.




The wail of fire sirens split the silent night’s air. Sean pulled back the apartment’s curtains and looked outside. In the distance, flickering flames illuminated the relatively dark town. The swirling red, white, and blue of fire trucks and police cars converged on the scene in a dense roar of sirens. As he watched, another fire truck rushed past his apartment complex.
A knot formed in the pit of his stomach as he looked out the window. The fire was clearly coming from the area of town in which Xander lived. With everything else happening to his best friend, it didn’t seem at all far-fetched to believe that Xander was somehow involved.
He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and dialed the number again. The phone rang over and over with no answer. Finally, the voice mail picked up with an automated tone.
“You’ve reached Xander,” it said. “I can’t come to the phone right now. Leave a message and I’ll call you back.”
Sean swallowed hard as his eyes fell on the firefighters battling the visible blaze. Sighing, Sean waited patiently for the beep. 
“Hey Xander. This is message number forty-six or so. Where are you? Give me a call when you get this.”
He hung up the cell phone and slid it into his pocket. Sean let the curtain fall back into place and he turned, sitting heavily onto the worn couch. His gaze drifted to the mound of clothes and college textbooks piled on the edge of the couch. Xander’s backpack was still discarded on the floor, in the last place it had been left before he disappeared.
At first, Sean had enviously assumed that Xander had gone home with Sammy after the spring formal. The fire, however, changed that. Seeing its budding beginning had been enough to send Sean’s mind down a dark path, one that assumed his best friend was in grave danger. The fact that Xander wouldn’t answer his phone only added to his growing fear.
Sean felt a nervousness building in his ample gut. It wasn’t like Xander to disappear. If there was one thing about his best friend, the man was unerringly predictable. That was before his powers appeared, Sean had to remind himself. 
He pulled out his cell phone once again and looked at the time. It was already past midnight and most of White Halls was sound asleep. Sean looked down the narrow hallway leading from the living room and saw his own bedroom door, still sitting partially open. His bed was inviting, and his body was certainly tired enough to sleep, but his mind was still blazing with concern. He knew that trying to sleep would be a wasted effort.
Instead, Sean picked up his keys from the coffee table and walked toward the front door. It might be late but he couldn’t go to sleep until he knew what was happening. If Xander wasn’t at the apartment, there was only one other place Sean imagined he would have gone. If Xander’s parents didn’t know where he was, then Sean would truly worry.
He hurried down the narrow steps of the apartment and let the small bell above the door jingle as he walked outside. The parking lot was full and dark; only a single lamppost illuminated the area and it resided on the far side from where he had parked. Had it not been for the insanely low crime rate in White Halls, Sean might have been concerned. As it was, he walked to his car with barely a glance upward.
He slipped behind the wheel of his car and started the engine with a loud sputter. A noxious cloud of black smoke that shot out of the tailpipe accompanied the rattling engine. The smell within the car quickly became atrocious and Sean rolled down his window as he backed out of his parking spot.
He put on his turn signal and prepared to ease onto the traffic-less road. He was so engrossed with checking on Xander that he never noticed the blonde-haired man watching his apartment from the deep shadows across the street. As Sean pulled away from the apartment building, the man stretched his fingers wide and a small flame erupted in his hand.

White Halls was hardly big enough to necessitate a long drive. He could have just as easily walked the mile and a half to Xander’s house but it wasn’t Sean’s style to walk when there was a perfectly capable car handy.
As he turned onto Xander’s street, his vision filled with the twirling lights from atop a sea of police cars and fire trucks. Firemen in gasmasks dragged hoses across the narrow street and sprayed pressurized jets of water into smoldering trees and bushes. 
The once vibrant green grass of the park was scorched and charred, leaving the ruined ground exposed beneath. Rivers of water rushed down either side of the street and poured like an angry waterfall into the narrow metal drains. The ground was muddy and large pools of water still soaked the grassy field.
“What did you get into, Xander?” Sean muttered.
With a renewed sense of urgency, Sean tried driving down the street. As he approached, a police officer stepped in front of his car and shined a flashlight through the windshield. Sean squinted and raised a hand to block the light. As soon as he had come to a complete stop, the officer approached his open window. 
“Did you see all the emergency vehicles?” the officer asked, gesturing to the haphazardly parked cars. “You can’t drive through here.”
Sean looked past the officer. He could practically see Xander’s house from where he was stopped. “I just need to get to my friend’s house. It’s right down the street.”
The officer shook his head. “You can’t drive over these hoses. You can park back here and walk down there, if you need to. Just stay away from the firefighters while they’re working.”
Sean begrudgingly parked his car against the curb. The scene was controlled chaos as he skirted across the far side of the road. He did his best to avoid the thick hoses attached to the fire hydrants he passed but generally kept his head down as he passed the scene, as though the police would be able to tell just by looking at him that he had a relationship to one of the men involved in the fire.
Xander’s car was parked in the driveway as Sean approached but the house itself was dark. No light bled through from the kitchen or dining room. There wasn’t even the typical flickering glow from the television, which Xander’s grandfather watched fairly religiously.
As he climbed the steps, he sidestepped piles of dirt and soot that coated both the edges of the stairs and the porch landing in front of the door. The scene only reignited Sean’s concern for his best friend. Reaching out cautiously, he knocked on the door.
For a long minute, he stood on the porch waiting for someone to come answer. When he didn’t hear any movement inside, he rang the doorbell as well.
Sean turned his back to the front of the house while he waited and looked out over the street. The other houses in the neighborhood were equally quiet, though he could see lights glowing through a few of the windows.
Sighing—his fears not abated, as he would have hoped—Sean started to walk back down the stairs before he heard the door handle behind him turn. He quickly turned back toward Xander’s house as the door opened a crack. Despite the gloom within the house, he could see Xander’s father staring out at him.
“Mr. Sirocco?” Sean said. The man looked horribly aged. His eyes looked sunken and his skin had an oily texture that looked like he was unwashed.
“Sean,” Xander’s father said. His voice was slightly hoarse as though thick with emotion. “Xander’s not here.”
Sean felt taken aback by his bluntness. “Do you know where he is? I’ve been trying to call him but he’s not answering. He left some stuff at my place.”
“He went out of town with his grandfather for a while,” Mr. Sirocco replied quickly. “I’ll have him give you a call when he gets back in town.”
Xander’s father tried to hastily close the door behind him but Sean stuck out his foot and blocked it from closing completely. He grimaced as the door slammed against his foot. Looking exasperated, Xander’s father opened the door a little wider again.
“Sean…”
“Can you at least tell me where he went? Something strange is going on.”
The elder man’s expression softened as he looked at Xander’s longtime friend. “Sean, the best thing you can do is leave it all alone for a while. I know you’re worried but there’s nothing you can do for Xander right now. Go home. Go back to school. Go on with your life and I promise that if Xander comes back, I’ll make sure he calls you.”
“If?” Sean said suddenly. “If he comes back?”
“Go home, Sean,” Xander’s father repeated more sternly.
Crestfallen, Sean turned away from the door and took a few hitched paces down the steep steps. He expected to hear the door slam behind him but instead he heard a telltale creak as it opened slightly wider.
“Sean.”
He turned and saw Mr. Sirocco standing half out of the door. The older man looked around nervously before his attention fell back to Sean.
“Sir?”
“I know you don’t know what’s going on right now. And I’m really glad that Xander has such a good friend as you. Just… just be careful out there right now. I know this sounds like elementary school advice but don’t talk to strangers. There are some dangerous people in town right now.”
-“Do they have to do with Xander? Are they why he had to leave?”
“Goodbye, Sean.”
The door shut solidly behind Xander’s father as the man disappeared back into the enveloping darkness of the interior. Sean shook his head and turned back toward his car. This trip was supposed to put his mind at ease. If anything, he was even more nervous now than he had been when he thought Xander had just slept over at Sammy’s house.
The fires in the park seemed mostly under control by the time Sean reached the sidewalk in front of the house. Firefighters were busy rolling up hoses and a number of the vehicles had already pulled away. Their absence gave Sean the chills. He hadn’t realized how much the police at the end of the street had set his mind at ease, especially with Xander’s father’s cryptic warning about dangerous strangers in White Halls. As the last of the trucks were getting ready to depart, the street suddenly seemed eerily quiet, as though all the other residents on the street had closed proverbial shutters and pulled their curtains just a little tighter against the windows.
Sean pulled his jacket tight around his body, trying to ward off a chill that was coming from within. He lowered his head and hurried toward his car, hoping to reach it before the last fire trucks left. To his dismay, the firefighters loaded their hoses and climbed into the cabs while he was still about a block away. They pulled away hurriedly, leaving him in the disturbing night’s gloom.
“Excuse me,” a voice said softly behind him. 
Sean clutched his chest and turned, holding his other hand up defensively in front of his face. A man seemed to materialize behind him as he emerged from the deep shadows. The stranger’s blonde hair glistened in the faint moonlight but the rest of his body was swaddled in dark clothes that looked almost like leather. The man held his arms behind his back and smiled—but he looked like a stereotypical vampire, eagerly awaiting his next meal.
“It’s awfully late to be walking the streets,” the man said.
Sean couldn’t place the odd accent but it clearly sounded like English was the man’s second language.
“I could say the same thing to you,” Sean replied.
The man chuckled to himself before looking over his shoulder, toward Xander’s house. “I noticed you just came from the Sirocco residence. What did you talk about?”
“Listen buddy. I don’t know you and we’re not having this conversation.” Sean hoped his false bravado was good enough to fool the stranger.
The man’s smile vanished from his face. “Tell me where I can find Xander Sirocco.” 
“Never heard of him,” Sean replied, swallowing hard.
The man clucked his tongue disapprovingly. “I can make this difficult for you, if that’s what you want. Either way, you’re going to tell me what I want to know.”
Sean glanced around nervously, hoping some concerned citizen would suddenly appear and rescue him. The houses around him remained dark, though, and no one seemed likely to save him.
The man withdrew a hand from behind his back. His palm seemed to glow with an inner light. It radiated heat and the smell of sulfur washed over Sean.
“This is your last chance before we make this harder than it needs to be. Tell me what you talked about! Tell me where I can find the Wind Warrior!”
Sean glanced suddenly over the stranger’s shoulder and his eyes widened in surprise. The Fire Warrior followed Sean’s gaze and he turned to look at what approached from behind him. The area was completely empty, though. As the Fire Warrior turned back angrily toward Sean—upset at the obvious ruse—Sean’s punch caught him across the jaw.
The Fire Warrior staggered before dropping painfully onto his back. Sean immediately clenched his hand and shook it.
“Ow!” he yelled into the night air. “Man, that hurts. Who knew doing that hurt so bad?”
The Fire Warrior shook his head and blinked heavily as he cleared his vision. Seeing the man recovering, Sean turned and ran toward his car. He huffed as he hurried across the street and was soon reminded of the myriad of reasons he hated running. He realized, however, that he always said the only way he’d be caught dead running was if someone was chasing him.
He reached the far sidewalk and turned toward his car when a ball of flame went flying by his head, missing him by inches. He felt his hairs curl from the heat, withdrawing from the scorching fireball. The flame struck his windshield and exploded in a shower of sparks. The fire quickly caught on his hood and on his worn fabric interior. Within moments, the car was consumed in flames.
Sean turned nervously toward the stranger. Another ball of flames started growing between the hands of the advancing man. The previous smile on the Fire Warrior’s face had become a snarl of rage.
Turning again, Sean ran into the yard next to him, dodging between the young trees that dotted the landscape. White Halls’ main crossroad ran parallel to Xander’s road, which meant that if he made it through just a couple of interconnected yards, he would reach the main road and, hopefully, flag down a passing car.
The yard he ran through wasn’t fenced and bled seamlessly into the rear of the next yard. Despite the strain in his chest from his heavy breathing, Sean picked up his knees and pushed himself forward.
The world behind him lit up as a ball of flames struck the muddy ground. He could feel the intense waves of heat and saw the sparks settle on the grass around him but he didn’t dare slow or even look behind him.
Sean ran past the next house but frowned as he approached the road. The house had a tall, privacy hedgerow separating it from the road. He couldn’t see the cars passing, nor could they see him. More importantly, he would have to push through the hedge before he could get to the relative safety of the road.
Lowering his head, Sean slammed into the hedge. His weight drove the branches aside. They scratched at his skin and pulled on his clothing as he pushed forward. Despite the burning in his legs, his biggest fear was stopping halfway through the hedge and being exposed to the maniac chasing him.
To his relief, the hedge finally gave way and he saw the cool night’s sky over the street beyond. As he took a step out of the hedge, his foot caught on the smashed branches. His shoe came cleanly off his foot and he staggered out and into the street.
Sean looked up as headlights fell over him. He could hear the screeching of tires as he threw his hands up in front of his face and closed his eyes. For a long moment, he waited for the inevitable impact. Slowly, as he realized he hadn’t been hit, he stole a glance through a narrowly opened eyelid.
The car had stopped just a few inches away from him.
With a sigh of relief, Sean hobbled around to the passenger’s side of the car. He threw open the door and slid inside without caring who was behind the wheel or where they were going.
“Thank you, thank you,” he gushed. “You really saved my…”
His words froze in his throat as he looked over to the driver. Jessica frown deepened as her eyes grew dangerously narrow.
“No,” she said angrily. “No, no, no. Absolutely not. Get out of my car, Sean.”
“Any other time, I would. Trust me. But now, I just need you to drive!”
She let go of the steering wheel and shoved against his considerable weight, trying to force him out of the partially opened car door.
“Get out of my car, Sean! I’m not joking with you. Get out!”
Sean was forced to grab hold of the handle above the door as a last ditch effort to keep from being forced out of the car. For a thin woman, Jessica wielded considerable strength when she was angry.
“Get out!”
“Stop pushing me,” Sean yelled.
The Fire Warrior burst through the hedgerow and staggered out in front of the car. He turned his gaze to the arguing occupants and the sneer returned to his face.
“There you are!” the warrior bellowed as he leaned on the hood of Jessica’s car. “No more running. Tell me what I want to know!”
“What is wrong with you people?” she screamed. “Get off of my car, you freak!”
She stopped pushing Sean long enough to slam her hand down on the car’s horn. The roar of the horn overwhelmed the loud, three-way conversation. 
Startled, the Fire Warrior staggered off the hood and looked in horror at the vehicle. He stretched his hands above his head and they began to glow white-hot. Flames licked his fingertips seconds before he slammed them down on Jessica’s hood. 
The fire spread across the hood and rolled up over the windshield, blinding Jessica and Sean to what lay beyond the front of the car.
In a panic, Jessica screamed and stomped down on the accelerator. The car leapt forward and they both heard an unpleasant thud as the car sped away.
Blinded, they swerved from side to side across the road. Sean leaned out of his partially opened door and saw them coming up quickly to an intersection.
“Stop, Jessica,” he said as calmly as his nervous body would allow. He could see them still accelerating dangerously, so he reached over and placed a hand on her arm. “Stop the car, Jessica.”
She released the gas pedal and slammed down instead on the brake. Sean jerked forward and his forehead struck the edge of the doorframe. He rocked backward as the car came to a stop and grabbed his head.
“Gah!” he yelled, actual words eluding him.
Jessica’s chest heaved as she struggled for breath. Her hands were clenched tightly around the steering wheel so tightly that her knuckles practically glowed white. As they sat in the car—Jessica clutching the wheel silently and Sean clutching his head and groaning—the flames flickered down and died away on the hood of the car. Only a layer of soot remained over the windshield, blurring, but not obscuring, their vision.
“Did I hit him?” Jessica squeaked in a nearly inaudible voice. “It sounded like I hit him.”
Sean groaned and leaned his head back against the headrest. “If you did, good for you.”
Her cheeks went from a pale white to a flushed angry in the span of a breath. “This is all your fault!”
Sean opened one eye and immediately regretted the movement as another stab of pain rolled through his head. “I think I have a concussion.”
“I don’t care! I hit a guy with my car! Do you even know what this means?”
“You really are a man-killer?”
She let go of the steering wheel and shoved against Sean’s body again. “That’s it! Get out of my car! I’m serious this time!”
Begrudgingly, Sean stepped gingerly out of the still-open door. Every movement made his head scream in pain. He leaned down and looked apologetically at Jessica.
She shot him a glance that fully expressed her feelings. “Close the door and get away from my car. You’ve done enough damage already.”
Sean closed the door and looked through the open window. “I really am sorry about this, if it makes a difference.”
“It doesn’t, Sean. Don’t ever talk to me again!”
She drove quickly away, leaving Sean standing abandoned in the middle of the road. He stole a glance behind him but he couldn’t see the Fire Warrior. 
Suddenly realizing just how exposed he was in the middle of the road, he turned toward his apartment building and jogged slowly away.




“These,” his grandfather explained, “are you aunts and uncles.”
Four middle-aged men and women stood on the tiled mosaic on which Xander and his grandfather had landed. They looked as different from one another as they did from him and he doubted they were truly related by anything more than the power that coursed through them all.
“Hi,” he offered weakly.
A long-haired man stepped forward. His black hair was pulled back into a loose ponytail from which wisps of hair escaped. Xander extended his hand to shake but the man brushed his hand aside and embraced him in a massive hug.
“My name is Giovanni,” the Wind Warrior said, his thick Italian accent making him hard to understand. His words came out in a broken cadence that told Xander that English wasn’t his first language. “We have been waiting for you for a long time. Welcome.”
Xander smiled at the warm welcome. In turn, he was introduced to the three others. A tall, muscular woman was introduced as Aunt Thea. Her posture and graceful movements left Xander feeling intimidated in her presence.
The other woman was Alicia. She seemed far more the doting grandmother type than dangerous warrior. She flashed a disarming smile as she hugged him.
The final man was introduced as Uncle Patrick. His flaming red hair matched his fiery personality. Instead of a hug from the enthusiastic Irishman, Xander was punched playfully in the shoulder.
As they resumed their places around him, Xander had the chance to look at the gathered group. His smile faded slowly and sadness crept into his eyes.
“Is something wrong, dear?” Alicia asked. Xander wasn’t entirely sure if she would pinch his cheeks or offer him cookies if he seemed upset.
“I just expected more of you,” he said. 
His heart felt heavy. Just the small group of Fire Warriors that ambushed him and his grandfather greatly outnumbered the small group sitting on the floating island.
“This isn’t everyone,” his grandfather said, placing a comforting hand on his shoulder. “There are two more of us.”
Xander frowned. “Just two more?”
“I warned you that we were a dying breed. You don’t know how much it means to see a young Wind Warrior joining our ranks.”
“So where are the other two?”
Giovanni jerked a thumb over his shoulder. Xander followed the gesture to the domed marble building that sat in the center of the island. “Robert keeps the island afloat.”
Xander turned slowly and admired the wall of water that was drawn upward by impossibly strong winds. “Just one man is doing all this?”
“We may be few,” Thea said without humor, “but we’re more than a match for a handful of Fire Warriors.”
“Your Uncle Bart is watching your parents,” his grandfather said.
Xander’s heart fluttered with relief at the news. He hugged his grandfather, who groaned as Xander pushed against the minor burns on his chest and ribs.
“Thank you,” Xander said.
“They’re my family too. I didn’t want to leave them, but I sure wouldn’t leave them undefended. Bart will protect them for us.”
Looking behind him, Xander noticed an outcropping of marble shaped haphazardly like a bench. He walked over and collapsed onto the seat.
“Is something the matter, lad?” Patrick asked.
Xander rubbed his hands together furiously, as though trying to remove a stubborn smudge of dirt. 
“I appreciate you guys bringing me here and this place is amazing. It’s just… there are so few of you. Even with the other two, there are only eight of us left? Against the entire Fire Caste?”
The aunts and uncles all exchanged nervous glances. His grandfather nodded solemnly and took a seat beside Xander. Xander knew this wasn’t a conversation he was going to want to hear.
“I didn’t bring you here to form an army. I brought you here to learn to control your powers, so you could reach your fullest potential as a Wind Warrior.”
“They’re going to destroy the planet,” he pleaded. “How can you all just sit here and accept that?”
“Because it’s the way it’s supposed to be,” Giovanni said as he came over and knelt before Xander. “You are young and, as you may have noticed, we are not.”
The aunts and uncles laughed amongst themselves.
“We’ve had a lot of time to prepare for this. Before you came, we were ready to grow old and die, knowing that the reins had been passed to the Fire Caste. With you, it changes things. You’re another chance for the last of the Wind Caste to make a difference in the world before we go.”
“How can you be so calm about it?” Xander asked. Gone was the vitriol in his voice. He spoke instead with a quiet reservation.
“Because it doesn’t matter if we like the next stage in the world’s evolution,” Thea replied. “We’ve done our job over the past few thousand years. Our kind has been the inspiration and the muses for humanity. We’ve breathed the life of creativity into their minds. We’ve helped them build skyscrapers that reach toward the heavens. We’ve helped them build planes that let them feel the wind in their faces. We’ve inspired them to fly to the stars. But our time is coming to an end and the Earth needs to be reborn. That’s the role of the Fire Caste.”
“But they’re willing to kill us to get there,” he said softly. He wasn’t yet ready to accept the end of the world so easily.
“Aye,” said Patrick, “and if it’s a fight they want, then it’s a fight they’ll get. We’ll accept the Fire Caste when we’ve all grown old and died but I’ll be damned if we’re going to let those greedy buggers kill us off before our time.”
Xander smiled—glad to hear the fire still burned in the bellies of the other Wind Warriors. “Then train me.”
“We will,” Alicia said, again flashing her disarming maternal smile.
“Come,” his grandfather said as he stood from the bench. “Let’s get you cleaned up, changed, and, most importantly, rested. You’re going to have a lot of work ahead of you.”

That night, sleep refused to come. Despite the exhaustion he felt, Xander’s mind swirled with hundreds of individual thoughts. He climbed up the stairs of his small, two-story marble cottage and opened the shutters, letting in the cool night’s breeze. Within the flume of water, the roar was barely noticeable. It sounded like a distant waterfall, soothing and peaceful. In the heart of the hidden island, it was easy for him to forget that an entire army of supernatural people were trying to kill him.
Of all the thoughts flitting through his mind, the thoughts of Sammy emerged time and time again to the forefront. He should hate her, he knew, but he couldn’t help but feel drawn to her.
Xander climbed out the window and onto the red clay shingled roof. His sandaled feet clicked against the shingles as he climbed toward the pinnacle of the house. Just short of the peak, Xander sat down and laid back. Far above his head, he could faintly see a circle of twinkling stars. He had often looked out the window of his home in White Halls and admired the stars on cool nights like this. On the island, however, there were virtually no lights. The painted strip of the Milky Way was framed behind the brightly glowing stars. Somehow, he knew that Sammy would have loved sharing this view with him.
He was so engrossed in his stargazing that he didn’t realize someone else had arrived until he heard the click of feet stepping on the loose tiles.
Xander sat up hastily and began summoning an orb of air between his outstretched hands.
“Calm yourself,” Uncle Giovanni laughed, his arms held out wide defensively. “It’s just Uncle Giovanni.”
Xander sighed and shook his head. Giovanni had scared him nearly to death, which was exactly what he didn’t need after the past couple days.
“Can I sit?”
Xander nodded and the Italian took a seat beside him. For a long moment, he didn’t say a word. Giovanni craned his neck backward and enjoyed the same stars that Xander was admiring.
“I used to come up on the rooftop too, when I was younger. But when I was younger, I came up here usually to get away from my brothers and sisters.”
Xander looked over at the older man. “Did you have a lot of brothers and sisters?”
Giovanni laughed into the still night air. “We are Italian. Of course I had a lot of brothers and sisters!”
He smiled at the Italian. Like he had always felt with his grandfather, Xander instantly felt a connection with the man.
“What happened to them?” Xander asked hesitantly. 
Giovanni waved a hand dismissively. “They passed away some time ago. We have many brothers and sisters because we don’t live long enough. Too much good Italian food and wine.”
“Were they all Wind Warriors?”
“Some. Not all. But we loved each other like we were all of the same caste.”
Xander smiled at the man. He tilted his head back and stared back up at the stars. He couldn’t imagine what it would be like to have a huge family, wrestling and joking together. There was a time when he really thought he wanted a family. Granted, Xander knew he was too young now but sometime when he was older, he could envision kids of his own. Of course, that seemed less and less likely now. Inexplicably, his thoughts drifted again to Sammy and a small smile spread across his face.
“What is her name?” Giovanni asked.
“Excuse me?”
“When a man comes out here on his own and stares up at the stars with a wistful smile on his face, he is always thinking of a woman, no?”
Xander blushed in the darkness. “Her name is Sammy.”
“Sammy,” the Italian said. “It’s a good name. So tell me about this girl.”
“It’s complicated.”
“So, make it simple for me,”
“She’s a Fire Warrior.”
Giovanni whistled into the night air. “Oh, yeah, that makes it complicated. It’s a good thing you have me for a teacher.”
Xander propped himself up on an elbow. “Why? What is it you’re going to teach me?”
“First thing I will teach you is how to pick a better girl,” Giovanni laughed. “But later, I teach you how to fly.”
“You’re going to teach me how to fly?” Xander asked, sitting straight up on the rooftop.
“Of course. How do you think I got onto the roof?”
Xander hadn’t considered it before. He had just assumed that Giovanni had climbed out the window, like he had.
“Teach me now.”
“About the girls or about the flying?”
Xander smiled. “The flying.”
“Okay. Come to the edge of the roof.”
Together, they cautiously slid down the sloped shingled roof until they were at the edge of the rooftop. Xander looked over the edge as he stood and realized the ground was a dizzying distance below. In the gloom of the night, he could barely make out the tall bushes below.
“So what do I do? Do I make a wind to keep me aloft? That seemed to be what my grandfather did.”
“Sure, do that,” Giovanni said.
The Italian shoved him from behind and Xander tumbled from the roof. He tried to focus on creating wind but his mind was gripped with panic as he fell head over feet. With a crash, he slammed into the bushes before landing hard on the ground.
Giovanni floated down to the ground and landed lithely beside him.
“How do you feel?”
Xander groaned. “Like I just got run over.”
“It was a good start. We’ll do better next time.”
He pushed himself up until he was on his hands and knees. His ribs ached and his shoulder was bruised but he didn’t seem to have any other injuries.
“What do I need to do different next time?”
Giovanni scratched his chin. “Next time? Focus less on falling and spend a little more time flying. Now, back to the roof.”
Xander groaned as he walked back into the house and climbed the stairs back to the second floor.




Sammy sat in one of the tall towers of the underground castle, staring out her narrow window. The cavern beyond was swelteringly hot. The heat rolled up the tower in waves. Each scorching pass stole the breath from her lungs and left her mouth dry.
Her room lacked any lights but it was strongly illuminated by the glow of the lava flow far below the castle’s precipice. By the light of the flowing illumination, Sammy could see countless men and women moving hurriedly around the castle grounds. They were clad in dark leathers, their blonde hair—like Sammy’s—was pulled back in functional buns and ponytails. 
As she watched them from her tower, she was surprised by the overwhelming sense of sadness she felt for her fellow Fire Warriors. Only a select few had ever left their cavern, as Sammy had. Most lived their entire lives within the sweltering cave, awaiting the death of the last of the Wind Caste and their chance to rule the Earth. They had been told their entire lives that the Wind Warriors were evil; that it was their job to eliminate them to make way for the new elemental rule. 
She felt sorry for them because they would probably never have the chance to learn the truth as she had learned it. The Wind Caste wasn’t evil, as she had been led to believe by her father and General Abraxas. Of course, that same misguided belief was evident in Xander as well. He judged all the Fire Caste by the actions of a few under General Abraxas’ command. He had no idea the sheer number of Fire Caste that were dispersed throughout hundreds of underground castles just like this one.
Her heart ached at the thought of Xander. She had genuinely felt connected to him in a way she didn’t think possible. The knowledge inside her throughout their short-lived relationship that she was going to betray him ate at her core. She wished she could see him again, at least under better circumstances than her pending mission with General Abraxas. He deserved to know the truth about how she felt and not just remember her for trying to kill him.
Sammy slid from her seat at the window and walked over to her bed. It barely yielded at all as she sat down. She stared around the barren room without really seeing the sparse and utilitarian decorations. Her mind was lost in its own memories as her eyes passed over the room.
She replayed her father’s reproachful gaze in the throne room over and over in her mind; the way he callously killed one of her fellow warriors for the failure that she alone brought about. A sting of tears caused her to blink heavily in the smoky room. She blamed it on the soot in the air, something she had grown accustomed to living without over her month away. In her heart, though, she knew the truth.
A swift knock on the door was all that preceded Lord Balor as he opened the door and entered Sammy’s room. She quickly wiped away the threatening tears and coughed politely to clear away any semblance of emotion that might remain when she spoke.
She quickly climbed to her feet in the presence of the castle’s Lord.
“Sit,” he ordered as he closed the door behind him.
Sammy did as she was told, taking her place back on the firm bed. Lord Balor retrieved the room’s only chair and sat across from her. 
They sat in silence as Sammy eagerly waited for her father to speak. It was unusual for him to visit her in her room. Most of their interactions were reserved for when she was kneeling before his throne.
Lord Balor cleared his throat and crossed his arms over his chest. “I don’t think I need to tell you how disappointed I am at your failure. Your mission was instrumental in us assuming our reign of the Earth.”
Sammy felt her ire rise in her chest. The father who had once been so doting and loving as she grew had become so incredibly distant recently. He spoke to her now as though she were a common warrior instead of his only child and heir to the throne.
“I can’t have you fail me again. I may have kept General Abraxas’ wrath at bay this time but I don’t know what will happen if you fail again.”
Sammy huffed. “My day was fine, Father, thank you for asking. And I’m fine too. I appreciate your obvious concern.”
“We don’t have time for your childish tantrums!” he yelled as he stood before her. The chair, upended by his sudden movement, slid across the stone floor. “It’s time for you to grow up and assume your place as a Fire Warrior!”
“I am acting like a Fire Warrior. But right now, I’m also trying to have a conversation with my father.”
“Right now, I need competent warriors far more than I need a daughter,” he replied harshly.
“Why are you acting like this?” Sammy cried, the tears spilling past her cheeks. “You never used to be like this. It’s like I got my powers early and now you want nothing to do with me.”
Lord Balor turned away from his daughter and pinched the bridge of his nose, as though warding away a budding headache. 
“Sammy,” he said, his tone quite a bit softened from the start of their conversation, “there are things going on that you don’t understand.”
“Then explain them to me.”
Her father sighed. “I can’t.”
Sammy stood and walked to the window. She gestured outside, toward the cavern beyond. “Then go explain it to the other High Lords. The other clans of the Fire Warriors are as confused as I am about what you’re trying to do. Why are you suddenly so interested in killing the Wind Caste? We’ve spent all this time waiting our turn. Now, all of this sudden, they can’t die quickly enough for you.”
“I don’t care what the other clans think,” Balor replied angrily. “Our clan has been chosen to lead the way for the rest of the Fire Caste. You should be proud!”
“Chosen by whom?” Sammy asked, perplexed.
“By powers that you couldn’t possibly begin to understand!” he said angrily, turning sharply toward her. 
Sammy’s expression softened and confusion crept into her eyes. “What powers? What could possibly hold power over one of the Fire Lords?”
Lord Balor waved his hand dismissively. “We’re done here. You’ll leave tomorrow with General Abraxas. Don’t fail us again.”
He walked to the door but paused in the entryway. Slowly, he looked over his shoulder to where his daughter still stood by the windowsill. 
“Is there anything else you need before you leave?” he asked with genuine compassion.
When Sammy didn’t respond, Lord Balor walked out of the room and closed the door softly behind him.
After he retreated, Sammy turned back toward the room.
“Yeah, there is something,” she said softly. “I need my father back. And I think I know where to go to find out where he went.”

The castle was silent as she crept down the hall leading to the throne room. The heavy oil on the buckles of her leather armor kept them from creaking as she moved, leaving her silent as she slid down the hallway. Despite the faint glow from the lava outside, most of the castle was asleep, adhering to an obscure sense of day and night within the perpetually lit cave.
She peered around the corner of the hall and toward the large, throne room doors. For a brief moment, she held to the hope that the doors to the throne room would be unguarded. Sadly, a pair of guards stood stoically to either side of them, their gazed affixed firmly ahead.
Sighing, she stepped around the corner and approached the men. The guard closest to her shifted his gaze but he relaxed visibly as he recognized her.
“Lady Balor,” the guard said as she approached. “What brings you here at this late hour?”
“Lord Balor wishes me to retrieve something left behind in the throne room,” she replied, hoping her nervousness wasn’t evident in her voice.
The second guard cleared his throat. “I’m sorry, my Lady, but we have strict orders not to let anyone into the throne room without either Lord Balor’s or General Abraxas’ direct authorization.”
Sammy felt herself sweating beneath the form-fitting armor, though she realized it had little to do with the heat. This would be her only chance to explore before she left again in the morning. If she couldn’t convince the guards to let her pass, then she would never have another opportunity like this one.
She thought about how her father might react in a similar situation. He had an uncanny ability to convince Fire Warriors to do his bidding through a combination of confidence and unspoken threats.
“I told you,” she said, assuming a more regal tone, “that I’m coming on my father’s behalf.”
The nearest guard swallowed hard and Sammy immediately knew that her presence was affecting their resolve.
“I—I can’t let you in,” he stammered. “Not without Lord Balor explicitly telling me to do so.”
Sammy frowned, a move that was as much a calculated expression as one of general disappointment. She knew her options were fading quickly away, which left her only with one final gambit.
“Fine,” she said angrily. “Then let’s go wake up my father. Let’s go wake up Lord Balor and tell him that you’ve refused to follow his direct orders and denied his only child entrance into his throne room at his behest. Which of you is brave enough to be the one to tell him? You? Or maybe you?”
The two guards looked at one another nervously. Sammy knew she was following a dangerous path. If either guard called her bluff, then she didn’t even want to fathom the reaction and punishment she might receive from her father.
After what seemed like an eternity, the closest guard turned back to her.
“My apologies, Lady Balor. Please go right ahead.”
They opened the doors for her and she stepped into the vaulted throne room. As the doors clicked loudly into place behind her, she released the breath that she didn’t even realize she’d been holding. Her heart raced in her chest and she was forced to lean against a pillar for support as her legs threatened to give out beneath her.
Steadying herself, Sammy hurried across the throne room until she reached the raised dais. She slid past the ornate stone throne and pushed aside the hanging tapestry behind it. 
She immediately felt crestfallen. She had assumed that after watching her father disappear into the secret passage, the trigger to open the door would be obvious. To her dismay, it wasn’t. She stared at the towering gray cobblestone wall, knowing that one of these stones was the one that needed to be pressed to open the secret passage.
Sammy leaned in close to the stonework and examined the varyingly sized stones. Some were nearly the size of her head, while others were carved to fill in gaps, leaving them slightly smaller than her fist. There were literally hundreds of possibilities standing before her and her time was far too short to search them all.
Nervously, she pressed against some of stones around her head level. From where she had spied through the crack in the door, she had seen her father pressing a stone higher on the wall. Her efforts offered nothing in return.
She wanted to bang her fists against the rocks in frustration but didn’t for fear of alerting the guards. Sammy chewed on her bottom lip and tugged absently on the end of her long braid as she stared at the wall.
“Come on, Sammy,” she whispered. “Think! This is a secret passage behind the throne of one of the Fire Lords. Maybe…”
She paused as she looked at the wall again.
“Maybe the trigger stone gives off heat?” she said, without much hope of success.
She closed her eyes and held her open palm out before her. Slowly, she ran it past the stones, concentrating on detecting any heat emanating from the stonework.
As her hand passed a stone just above her right shoulder, she felt a violent tug in her gut, as though the cobblestones were pulling at her very soul. The tug grew stronger and she felt her power flowing unbidden through her hand.
She tried to pull her hand away but it seemed transfixed over the now glowing stone. It shone with an inner light, like magma was boiling right underneath its surface. Sammy felt drained and she tried in vain again to pull her hand back.
The heat in her hand grew more intense, to the point that it was causing her physical pain. Flames poured soundlessly from her hand and were as quickly absorbed into the cobblestone wall. Sammy coughed, as the stone seemed to drain even the air from her lungs. 
When she thought she couldn’t take any more and unconsciousness threatened at the corners of her vision, the flow of power suddenly stopped. The burning stone flared a quick, vibrant red before returning to its lackluster gray.
The wall before her shifted and grated across the floor as the secret passage revealed itself. Sammy groaned and was forced to sit on the steps of the dais to regain her composure before daring to enter the tunnel.
Whatever was down this tunnel, she had to remind herself, it had drastically changed her father. It had stripped away the compassionate man that had existed before her powers manifested when she turned eighteen. Whatever was down this tunnel, she swore it had caused Lord Balor to show fear when she asked him about it in her room. Anything that caused her father to fear wasn’t to be taken lightly.
When she felt confident that she could walk without stumbling on weak legs, Sammy stood and entered the narrow tunnel.

The heat within the tunnel was oppressive, far more than she was even used to within the lava-filled cavern behind her. Her nervous sweat evaporated as soon as it left her skin, leaving her feeling parched and lightheaded. It only grew hotter and more stifling as she walked down the gently sloping tunnel.
The way ahead was completely dark and she was forced to create a small flame in her hand to illuminate the passage. The tunnel was made of worked stone and she passed massive rock support pillars every few feet, causing her to turn sideways to fit between them.
She followed the tunnel for a long ways, constantly wandering deeper and deeper into the earth. The heat grew more intense until her skin seemed to crawl. Sammy found herself absently scratching the exposed skin around her forearms and neck as it itched more and more in the heat. Her breathing became labored and she felt lightheaded, as though the oxygen were being burned out of the air around her.
Heaving, Sammy paused and leaned against one of the support pillars. She leaned her head against the stone, hoping the coolness would alleviate some of her discomfort but even it radiated heat.
She glanced over her shoulder, wondering if it was worth discovering what at the end of this tunnel had so greatly affected her father. Coughing loudly in the narrow stone passage, she wondered if it would be worth discovering it if she lacked the energy to make it back to the castle alive.
The difference between the loving father from her youth and the callous man who now sat on the throne drove her forward again. Sammy pushed away from the pillar and staggered back down the descending hallway.
She wondered how long she had been walking. Ten minutes? Thirty? An hour? The guards surely had noticed she wasn’t coming back by now. She wondered who they would tell; if her father or General Abraxas would be the first person they awoke to warn about her betrayal. Even if she made it back to the surface, she might face a short-lived victory before facing either or both of their wraths.
As she wandered down the hall, she wondered why she was putting herself through this. She was betraying everything she’d known, everything she’d been taught since birth. Despite her concerns, she knew why she was searching for answers. Xander. Just the thought of his name sent relieving chills all over her body. It made no sense that she’d long for him after only a few days together but being apart from him was leaving her in anguish. Whatever was pulling them together, it was far more supernatural than a normal attraction.
While her thoughts were consumed with memories of Xander, she reached the end of the narrow hall. The passage gave way to a cavernous room. The walls of the room stretched to either side of her, disappearing in shadows far beyond reach of the meager flame in her hand. Glancing upward, she could barely tell the curve of the ceiling before it, too, vanished into gloomy darkness.
Nervously, she caused the flame in her hand to grow until the tips of the flames licked high above her head. Even with the intense flame burning in her hand, the massive room swallowed her light with its darkness well before it lit to either the ceiling or any other nearby walls.
The light slowly faded back to flickering candlelight in her hand before she extinguished it completely, casting the entire room into blinding darkness.
It wasn’t the intimidation she felt at the dauntingly enormous room that caused her to extinguish her flame. Instead, it was a feeling in her gut—an inordinate sense that she wasn’t alone in the room. In such a dark chamber, her flame was a beacon for the creature that resided within.
Sammy reached out and gently touched the wall behind her. She slid her feet on the stone floor to make sure she didn’t trip as she backed against it. Each scrape of her booted foot sounded like steel grating against steel to her heightened hearing. Her own heartbeat sounded like a drum pounding as it rushed past her ears. She could feel her eyes dilating as they tried to adjust to the inky blackness but she couldn’t see anything this far underground.
“I hear you breathing, fleshling.”
The voice sounded like a whisper but was full enough to fill the cavernous room. It sent shivers of fear washing over her.
“Come closer,” the unseen voice hissed. “I can already taste your fear in the air. It’s intoxicating.”
“Who’s there?” Sammy said, her body shaking uncontrollably. “Show yourself!”
A jet of flame roared across the far end of the room. Its sudden brilliance was blinding after the complete darkness in which she’d been standing. Sammy raised a hand to block away the sudden light but it faded as quickly as it had come, leaving her once again in the all-consuming black.
Sammy’s heart pounded and she slid along the wall toward the passage, eager to be gone from this living nightmare. Her foot nudged against a loose rock on the ground and it tumbled away, bouncing loudly against the protruding stonework.
Across the room, a single, massive orb of an eye opened and stared at the frozen Fire Warrior. The reptilian eye glowed a sickly yellow; its vertical pupil contracting as it stared across the cavern. The draconic orb blinked once, disappearing momentarily before reappearing and staring at Sammy.
“Leaving so soon, fleshling? I’ll see you again.”
Ignoring her previous concerns about her light, Sammy ignited a flame in her hand and ran into the narrow passage. Mocking laughter followed her as she fled quickly.
The trip back up the inclined hall was far quicker than she remembered on her descent. The secret doorway was still opened and she handily knocked aside the dangling tapestry before staggering back into the throne room.
She sobbed loudly and collapsed onto the dais’ staircase. Burying her face in her arms, she let the tears flow until she was certain she could risk standing again.
Sammy dusted herself off and hastily wiped at her eyes. Clearing her throat, she walked as confidently as possible toward the throne room doors. No one had met her when she emerged from the secret passage but she knew it was only a matter of time before she had to confront the elder Fire Warriors.
She pushed on the throne room doors and exited. The two guards were still at their post and nodded politely to her as she walked past them. Neither tried to stop her, nor did anyone else emerge to confront her.
Sammy maintained her composure until she reached her room. When the door clicked closed behind her, Sammy’s knees went weak and she slid down to the floor.
Something was definitely controlling her father, she realized with horror. Only it was far more terrifying than she would have ever believed. Whatever it was, she and the Wind Warriors now had one more horrifying thing to worry about.
 




Xander parried Thea’s downward swing. She quickly stepped back, far quicker than Xander would have believe possible from an older woman, and dropped into a sweeping kick. He leapt into the air and caught an updraft that launched him over her head. He landed gracefully behind her and spun in a swing that should have connected his wooden training sword with the side of her head. 
Instead, his sword cut through empty space as Thea dropped into a crouch. She drove her own training sword forward and jabbed him in the gut with the blunted tip.
Xander exhaled loudly and doubled over. His sword tumbled from his limp hand and clattered onto the tiled floor seconds before he joined it.
“Are you okay?” Thea asked, though Xander doubted she really much cared.
He held up a finger and begged her to wait a moment as he regained his breath. When he could finally catch a breath through his deflated diaphragm, he pushed himself up onto his knees and blinked away the tears in his eyes.
“Are you okay?” she repeated.
“Yeah, great,” he groaned. 
He stood against his body’s protests. His legs felt like jelly, not just from the sparring he’d been doing with Thea but also from the flight lessons with Giovanni, the wind sculpting with Alicia, and the defensive techniques with Patrick. His training was nonstop, leaving little time for rest. Most opportunities to sleep were stolen from him with thoughts of Sammy, Sean, and his family.
“What’s the point of learning to swing a sword?” he asked as he rubbed the spreading bruise on his stomach. “We’re Wind Warriors. Shouldn’t I be learning another skill involving wind?”
“This is a lesson that involves your power. The biggest difficulty when learning to swordfight is being able to keep a clear mind and think through your parries and counterattacks. What you’re learning with the others is important but it won’t keep you calm in a fight. If you can’t keep your thoughts straight when fighting for your life then it won’t matter how many wind skills you’ve mastered.”
Xander sighed but she shook her head unapologetically.
“Again,” she demanded.

He snuck away in between his lessons and slipped into the middle dome of the island. The dimly lit interior was cool compared to the sunbaked exterior. The marble outside reflected the bright sunlight, which left the exterior of the buildings hot but left the interiors comfortably cool.
Xander paused in the entryway and let his eyes adjust to the dim light. As the room came into focus, he could see his grandfather moving around a seated figure. The man in the middle of the room had a beard that reached past his knees as he sat. His hair was long and unkempt, though his grandfather affectionately brushed out some of the knots that had formed. Gray streaked the man’s hair and his skin was wrinkled and peppered with liver spots. 
He hadn’t realized anyone in the clan was older than his grandfather until he met Robert. As far as Xander could tell, he never left the chair and probably hadn’t seen the sun in years. It was his power alone that kept the island afloat and the waterspout concealing their location.
The energy in the air was palpable. He could practically taste the electric charge as he moved toward the two elder men.
His grandfather looked up as he came close and the old man flashed a smile to his grandson.
“How is your training going?”
Xander shook his head and laughed to himself. The simple chuckle hurt his body. “It’s going well. Brutal, but good.”
His grandfather looked down as he pulled the brush through Robert’s hair once again. “You look worried.”
“I guess I am,” Xander said. He walked over to one of the crates nearby and sat down with a grimace. “I’m worried about my mom and dad. I just wish I knew they were okay.”
His grandfather nodded. “Bart’s been watching them closely. If they were in trouble, he’d let us know right away.”
Xander didn’t seem relieved.
“Would you like me to bring Bart back and let you know they’re still safe?”
“No,” Xander admitted. “I’m glad we have someone taking care of them. It’s just… well, a month ago I was a normal, unmotivated college student. I couldn’t even decide what to do with my life. Now I’m thrust into the middle of an ages-old war between elemental powers. It’s just a little daunting.”
“I wish I could say it’s going to get easier.”
He nodded. Looking over, he gestured toward the seated warrior. “Can he hear us?”
His grandfather looked down as he pulled the brush through Robert’s long hair. “Of course. He’s deep in concentration but he still knows what’s going on around him.”
“What if he stopped concentrating?”
His grandfather arched an eyebrow. “I guess the island would crash into the sea and everyone who couldn’t fly would be killed.”
Xander swallowed hard.
“It’s a good thing everyone on the island can fly, huh?” his grandfather joked.
Xander stood and walked back toward the door, squinting as he emerged into the light. He looked back over his shoulder into the cool depths of the room.
“I’m glad you’re here with me, Grandpa.”
“I’m glad I’m here with you too.”
Smiling, he turned back toward his next Wind Warrior trainer.




Sammy and General Abraxas emerged from the chasm in the rock face and looked out on the barren landscape. The glaring desert sun beat down on them but neither Fire Warrior minded the intense heat.
Abraxas raised a hand to block the sunlight as he scanned the horizon. The California desert was empty as far as he could see.
“This is what they’re willing to die to defend?” the General grumbled. “It doesn’t look like much.”
Sammy looked toward the General. His clean-shaven head was marred by a series of clan tattoos. His beady dark eyes looked down the length of a hawk-like nose. The point of his nose was mirrored in the downturned points of his mouth, perpetually frozen in a disapproving frown.
“This is the desert,” Sammy tried to explain. “The residential areas look quite a bit different.”
General Abraxas huffed in displeasure. “Let’s complete our mission and be done with this place. The next time I look on the surface, it should be at the head of a conquering army.”
Sammy nodded but didn’t reply. Her mind spun with her memories of the horrifying eye deep in the cavern. She tried to rationalize what she had seen, that it had been part of her paranoia as she searched the hidden passage, but she couldn’t get the memory of that roaring voice out of her mind.
“Find us a mode of transportation,” Abraxas demanded.
“Excuse me?” Sammy said as she tried to brush aside the disturbing memory.
“I told you to find us a mode of transportation.”
Sammy looked around the empty desert and sighed. It would be a long walk before she could find a car but at least it would give her a chance to think in peace. Aside from the monster in the cavern, she still had a maddening swirl of thoughts about Xander bouncing around in her mind. She almost welcomed the chance to be left with her thoughts, far away from General Abraxas.
With a sigh, she began jogging out into the empty desert.
When she was far out of sight, Abraxas motioned back into the cavern and a squad of masked Fire Warriors emerged.
“You know your mission,” he said to the lead warrior. “Find the rest of the Wind Warriors and kill them all.”
The Fire Warriors nodded in unison before turning the opposite direction Sammy ran and disappearing quickly into the expansive desert.
A few hours later, the pair was driving down Interstate 40 on their way out of California. Sammy sat behind the wheel and let the wind from the open window whip through her long blonde braid that hung over her shoulder. She set her arm on the windowsill and let her hand catch the wind as it blew past the car. The metal on the windowsill was incredibly hot and she heard the sizzle on her skin but she didn’t remove her arm. Fire Warriors were incredibly resistant to the heat but they were far from immune to the flames that they wielded. She just taught her mind to ignore the pain until it became unbearable.
“This was the best vehicle you could get?” Abraxas asked. He frowned as he looked around the interior of the 1985 Buick.
“Beggars can’t be choosers.”
“And you killed the owner so we couldn’t be traced?”
Sammy’s frown matched that of Abraxas. She could have told him the truth—that she had merely stolen the car when it was left unattended—but he wouldn’t have approved of leaving potential witnesses.
“Where are we going?” she asked, avoiding his question altogether.
“Don’t concern yourself with that.”
“I am concerned and you should be too. Unless you suddenly learned how to drive in that cave of yours, I’m going to be driving us the whole way. I’d like to know where we’re going.”
General Abraxas turned toward her and smiled. His pointed teeth made his smile look more like a predatory sneer. 
“East,” he said finally.
Sammy sighed and turned her attention back to the road. In the distance, between the wavering heat lines coming off the road, she could see a few small structures and some cars parked along the interstate. Abraxas noticed them immediately after she did and he turned sharply toward her.
“What is this? Did you betray me?”
“It’s nothing,” Sammy replied. “Just a highway patrol checkpoint. They’re normal when you leave California.”
“If you or they try anything,” he said, leaving the threat hanging in the air.
“That won’t be necessary. Just let me do the talking.”
She slowed the car to a decelerating coast as they approached the checkpoint. California Highway Patrol officers stood beside the road, asking questions of the drivers as they passed out of the state.
When waved forward, Sammy drove up beside the officer.
“Good morning, ma’am, sir. We just need to ask you a couple questions before you go on your way.”
“No problem, Officer,” Sammy said with a confident smile.
“Are you transporting any fruit?”
“No.”
“Are you transporting any live animals?”
“Nope.”
The officer tilted his hat back as he looked at the low-cut half-shirt that Sammy was wearing. “Where are you heading?”
Sammy smiled but her gut twisted. “East.”
She was relieved when the officer smiled, thinking her answer was a joke.
“Really, now? What are you and your father heading East for?”
General Abraxas leaned across the seat and smiled his sharpened teeth at the officer. “The end of times, Officer.”




Sean pulled back the curtain and glanced outside the window for the hundredth time that day. Nothing obscured his view of the parking lot and the road beyond. Despite the densely parked cars in the lot, he saw no sign of the blonde-haired fire wielders who had attacked him and Jessica. The strangers seemed to have gone as they came.
He let go of the curtain and let it fall back into place. Though it seemed as though the Fire Warriors hadn’t followed him to his apartment, Sean refused to let go of the nervous breath he was holding.
After all the time that had passed since the fire in the park near Xander’s house, no one had heard from his best friend. On the few rare occasions in which Sean ventured out from his apartment, he had asked some of Xander’s former classmates if they had seen him, which none had. He hadn’t been to the school nor returned to his parent’s home. His friend had, for all intents and purposed, vanished.
Pushing himself off the couch, Sean walked toward the kitchen. His refrigerator was running dangerously low on food but there was always enough to make into a decent snack. He knew the jokes Xander would make about eating as a nervous habit but Sean felt justified in being nervous.
As he opened the refrigerator and started pulling out lunchmeat, he heard a gentle knock on the door. He froze, his hand unmoving around the plastic turkey container. 
“Go away,” he whispered into the room.
He didn’t know who was at the door but he honestly didn’t care. He doubted Xander would knock so gingerly and no one else would be bringing him good news. 
Sean slid the turkey package out of the refrigerator as quietly as possible and softly closed the door. Logically, he knew that the person on the other side of the door couldn’t hear his refrigerator closing. Normal people couldn’t hear that, he had to remind himself. His best friend could control the wind. The people that were hunting him could throw fire from their hands. There was no telling if super hearing was another of their hidden super powers.
As he reached toward the stack of bread, the same person knocked again at the door. Glancing around nervously, his eyes fell on the bottle opener magnet hanging from the fridge. Sean pulled it off the fridge and held it in front of him defensively. He left the kitchen and walked toward the door.
When the person knocked for the third time, it seemed far more insistent.
“Who’s there?” Sean asked, trying to force some mock confidence into his voice.
“It’s Jessica.”
Sean visibly sagged with disappointment. He almost wished it were one of the Fire Warriors.
“What do you want?”
“Can you open the door?” she said pleadingly. “Please?”
Sean sighed as he reached out and unlocked the door. As he pulled the door open, he was surprised to see a fairly disheveled Jessica standing before him. Loose tendrils from her shoddy ponytail hung over her face. She didn’t seem to be wearing any makeup, aside from the obvious lip gloss that caused the unnatural shine on her lips. She wore a loose-fitting blouse that was heavily wrinkled. Sean couldn’t remember ever seeing her looking anything less than fully composed. Despite her obviously harried expression, she still found the reserve to frown at her nemesis.
“Sean,” she said.
“Wicked Witch of the West.”
She opened her mouth to offer a sharp retort but quickly thought better of it.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“I didn’t know where else to go,” she admitted sheepishly.
“You don’t have GPS on your broom?”
Jessica smiled humorlessly. “Are you done?”
“Not by a long shot,” he replied.
“Go ahead. Get them all out of your system.”
“You figured the inside of my apartment would keep you out of the life-ending rain? Your flying monkeys ran out of likely candidates to kidnap? You do realize I don’t even have a dog named Toto, right?”
“Can I please come in now?” Something in her voice caught Sean off guard and the humor seemed to bleed out of the situation. He nodded and stepped out of the way.
As she entered the apartment, he closed and locked the door behind her.
She walked a few steps inside before turning toward him. Glancing down, she noticed the bottle opener in his hand.
“What’s that for?”
Sean looked down and seemed equally surprised to see it still clutched in his hand. “I don’t know. I figured I could stab someone with it if I had to.”
“You got that from the kitchen?” she asked. “Why didn’t you just get a knife?”
Sean was genuinely dumbfounded by the question, especially since he didn’t have a logical answer. He tossed the bottle opener onto the couch angrily.
“Shut up. You still haven’t even told me why you’re here.”
“I told you, I didn’t know where else to go. I’ve been totally freaked out ever since the other night. I’ve barely slept. I’ve barely eaten.” Her voice lowered to a soft whisper. “I think one of those blonde guys has been following me.”
“And you came here?” Sean yelled before throwing a hand over his mouth to silence himself. 
“You came here?” he said again in a harsh whisper.
“I told you. I didn’t know where else to go. No one else would believe me if I told them some guy set my car on fire using only his hands. You have no idea how hard it was to explain what happened to my car to my dad. I had to give him some totally crazy story about a drunk homeless guy.”
Sean stormed past her before pausing in the doorway to the kitchen. “Did you even stop to consider what would happen if you really were being followed? You could have led them right to me!”
“Oh, yeah Sean. You’re practically 007. Everyone’s trying to hunt…”
The words faded from her lips as someone knocked on the door. The stern knock was the complete antithesis to Jessica’s soft knocking from earlier.
Jessica started to whimper but Sean stepped forward and clamped his hand down over her mouth.
“Stay quiet,” he whispered.
Sean slipped past her and eased his way to the door. Leaning forward, he glanced out the peephole. The man on the other side of the door was unmistakable. His close-cropped blonde hair and dark leather tunic looked identical to the man that tried to kill Sean at Xander’s house.
“Is it?” Jessica asked, leaving the end of question hanging.
Sean nodded as he inched his way back to her. The Fire Warrior banged loudly again on the door.
“Let’s just not answer,” she offered. “He’ll go away eventually, right?”
“He followed you here, remember? If he wants in, he’ll just burn the door down.”
“Then what to do we do?”
Sean stroked his hairless chin. “You’re going to open the door.”
“Oh no, I’m not!” she replied sternly. Jessica placed her hands on her hips and flipped the few hanging tendrils of her blonde hair out of her face. “If you want the door open, you’ll have to be a big boy and do it yourself.”
Sean frowned. “You’re going to open the door so that I can attack him. Unless you want to attack him, that is.”
Jessica quickly shook her head. “No, that’s fine. I’ll get the door.”
Sean disappeared into the kitchen as Jessica moved to the door.
“Ready?” she asked.
Sean leaned around the corner and nodded. She held up three fingers and silently counted down. When she dropped the last finger, she unlocked the door and threw it open.
The Fire Warrior on the other side seemed temporarily startled. He quickly overcame his surprise and stepped into the room, chasing after the retreating Jessica.
She stumbled backward and fell into the middle of the room. The tears already threatened to fall down her face as she stared at the frightening warrior entering the room.
The Fire Warrior smiled wickedly and extended his hand. The tips of his fingers ignited as flames danced over his hand.
“Sean?” Jessica sobbed.
“Here I am,” he replied, stepping through the kitchen door. He held up the large red cylinder in his hands and pointed the nozzle at the confused Fire Warrior. 
“Suck on this, dude.”
Sean squeezed the handle to the fire extinguisher and the far end of the room was consumed in white powder. The cloud sprayed over the Fire Warrior, extinguishing the flames on his hand, as he was covered from head to toe in white foam. Sean held down the handle until the small extinguisher ran dry and sputtered in his hand. As the cloud settled, the entire room was coated in white foam, to include an undignified Jessica who sat sputtering on the floor.
The Fire Warrior coughed loudly as he seemed frozen in confusion. Sean paused, realizing that he hadn’t thought through his plan beyond spraying the man with the extinguisher. Despite him being coated in inflammable foam, Sean was still facing a vastly physically superior man.
“I really didn’t think this through,” he muttered as the Fire Warrior reclaimed his wits and stormed toward Sean.
Sean gulped and dropped the extinguisher, as though releasing the weapon would alleviate him of the blame.
The warrior reached Sean in a few large strides and grabbed him by his shirt. Despite Sean’s weight, the Fire Warrior lifted him from his feet and pinned him against the wall.
“Can’t we talk about this?” Sean said meekly.
The blonde warrior merely growled at him. The Fire Warrior leaned in, his nose mere inches away from Sean’s face. Sean could practically see the fire burning behind his dark eyes.
A hollow thud suddenly echoed through the room. The smoldering glare in the warrior’s eyes disappeared as his eyes rolled up into his head. The Fire Warrior pitched to the side, his arms going limp and releasing Sean in the process.
Jessica stood behind the warrior, clinging to the extinguisher like a club. She looked nervously at the unconscious Fire Warrior.
“You think he’s going to be okay?” she asked.
“Who cares?” Sean replied, laughing nervously. 
Jessica dropped the extinguisher and smiled weakly. Sean returned the smile before spreading his arms and motioning her forward.
“You did great,” he said as they hugged one another in relief.
For a long moment, they stood straddling the unconscious blonde man, embraced in each other’s arms. Suddenly, as though remembering her surroundings, Jessica stiffened.
“You know that we’re only hugging because I’m so relieved to still be alive, right? Nothing more?”
Sean nodded quickly. “Of course. Sure.”
“I mean,” she continued, “if it weren’t for the fact that someone just tried to kill us, we wouldn’t even be caught dead in the same room, right?”
“Sure,” he said softly as he took in the smell of her hair cascading past his face.
She paused and turned her face toward him. “Did you just smell my hair?”
Sean arched an eyebrow as his face flushed in embarrassment. “No, no, of course not,” he laughed nervously. “That would have been weird!”
“This moment’s over,” she said sternly, pushing him back.
As they separated, Sean inadvertently kicked the unconscious Fire Warrior. The man groaned softly. The pair looked at each other again, suddenly remembering what brought them together in the first place.
“What are we going to do about him?” she asked.
Sean shrugged. “I guess we tie him up?”
“He makes fire out of the air, Sean. What’s to stop him from just burning through his ropes?”
“Then we put him in the shower?” he offered. Her withering stare ended that train of thought. “No, you’re right. That was a stupid idea.”
Jessica shrugged. “Yeah, but I don’t really have a better one.”

They returned to the living room, both exhausted from the exertion of moving the large Fire Warrior. In the background, they could both hear the faint sound of running water.
They both collapsed on the couch. Sean leaned his head back and closed his eyes, wishing he could just go to sleep. There was always the chance that when he woke up, this would have all just been a miserable nightmare.
Sean rubbed his eyes before stealing a glance at Jessica. Despite her wrinkled clothing and the layer of extinguisher foam that clung infuriatingly to her body, she still looked amazing. She was every bit the sorority girl he had found so attractive and equally despised.
“So what do we do now?” he asked.
“You could start by telling me what this is all about.”
Sean sat upright. “What makes you think I have any idea what’s going on here?”
Jessica narrowed her eyes. “Because they were chasing you when they set fire to my car. This is all your fault.”
“Time out!” he replied angrily. “The only reason they were after me was because I went to talk to Xander’s parents. This all started because he discovered he…”
Sean quickly shut his mouth after realizing he was sharing far more than he should.
“He discovered what?” she said threateningly.
“Oh, nothing.”
“Oh no, you don’t. Spill.”
Sean glanced over his shoulder, almost hoping the Fire Warrior would emerge from the bathroom. When the blonde man didn’t appear, Sean scowled in his direction.
“Let’s hear it, Sean,” she said.
Sean sighed and turned back to her. “All right, but you can’t tell anyone what I’m about to tell you.”
“Sure, whatever.”
He took a deep breath. “You may want to sit down for this.”
She looked around at the couch on which she was currently sitting on. “I am sitting down.”
“No, I mean like sit down sit down.”
“You’re an idiot. And you’re stalling.”
“Fine,” Sean replied. “These guys are after Xander because… because he’s a superhero. There, I said it.”
Jessica stared at him unblinking. The pencil thin line of her lips didn’t turn up or down but remained emotionlessly bloodless as she pressed them together.
“I’m sticking to my previous statement. You’re an idiot.”
She started to stand but Sean was quicker. He jumped to his feet and moved in front of her.
“Oh, sure. You have no trouble believing that a bunch of psychotic pyromaniacs are trying to kill us but the fact that your ex-boyfriend is a superhero is just much too far-fetched.”
“I know Xander. He’s no superhero.”
“He was also completely devoted to you up until some new blonde wandered by. Did you know him well enough to know that was going to happen?”
Jessica frowned but her eyes quickly watered. She angrily reached up and wiped them away rather than let him see her cry.
“Listen, Jessica,” he said, suddenly feeling guilty. He extended his hand. “That was cheap of me. Can we call a truce for a little while, at least until we figure out what’s going on?”
She glanced at the hand before reaching up and shaking. “We still need to figure out what we’re going to do next. We can’t really leave a guy in the shower forever.”
Sean turned and walked over to the desk on the other side of the living room. His laptop was sitting closed on the desktop and he flipped it open. The soft white glow of the screen washed over him as he took a seat. Jessica stood from the couch and walked over. 
“What are you doing?”
Sean opened a new browser window and began typing. “There’s got to be something on these fire guys somewhere on the internet. People with super powers don’t just suddenly appear without someone noticing.”
She leaned over his shoulder, genuinely impressed. “You really think ‘guys who can use fire’ is really going to turn up a decent search?”
“Well, what would you recommend?”
Jessica shrugged before gently pushing his hands off the keyboard. She typed “strange fire phenomenon” into the search window and hit enter. The browser filled with results on spontaneous human combustion and fire rainbows. Jessica pointed to the bottom of the search window where there was an article about unexplained fires erupting throughout an Italian town.
“That one,” she said.
Sean clicked on it. As the window loaded, Jessica began reading intently. Sean stole a glance at her out of the corner of his eye. He hated himself for thinking it, but even without makeup Jessica was still incredibly attractive. He couldn’t believe she was actually in his apartment.
“If you keep looking at me like that, I’m going to poke you in the eyes.”
Sean flushed. “Look at you like what?” he replied indignantly.
Jessica looked away from the screen and flashed a condescending smile. “Like I’m a hamburger.”
“Really? A fat joke? Real mature, Jessica.”
Jessica’s gaze turned back to the computer screen. “I call them like I see them.”
Just like that, his attraction to her faded and he was reminded why he disliked her so much.
Before he could reply again, she reached past him and started typing. “Check this out.”
The screen became a map of the Earth with large sections marked with a series of overlapping red dots. 
“I just did a search for strange fire-related natural events and this is what I got. These are tons of forest fires in California. There are the fires in Naples, Italy. There are currently three volcanoes erupting around the world.”
“Isn’t that what volcanoes do?”
Jessica shot him a warning glare. “Yes, but these have been dormant for a long time and are suddenly waking up at the same time.”
“So what? We can’t stop a volcano. We were lucky to beat up a single one of those fire guys. We don’t exactly have a big enough shower to hang over a volcano.”
“We really only have one choice,” Jessica replied, pushing away from the computer. “We need to find Xander.”




The Buick rumbled down the narrow street. It pulled dangerously to the right and the wheels connected with the rumble strip. A loud buzz sounded for a second before Sammy pulled the car back into her lane.
“Are you okay?” Abraxas asked, though she doubted he asked for anything more than concern for his own well-being.
“I’m fine,” she said. Her words were choked with emotion as she drove down the familiar streets.
“Good.”
She swallowed hard, trying to force down the ball of fear that was lodged firmly in her throat. “Why are we here?”
Abraxas grinned wickedly. “We’re hunting a rodent. It’s not always possible to chase a rodent, especially when they decide to hide from you. Therefore, if they won’t come to you, you bait them. Give them something worth chasing and then crush them when they’re in the open.”
Sammy looked up as they drove past the city limits sign. She saw the large painted sun and the broad white letters that read, Welcome to White Halls.
“If you’re out there, Xander,” she whispered quietly enough not to be overheard, “please come home. I can’t do this alone.”

She pulled the Buick over and parked against the curb. A few other cars passed the Fire Warriors as they sat in the car in silence. 
A group of college students walked past on the sidewalk, laughing and teasing one another as they strolled toward the restaurant a few blocks away. In the front of the group, a guy and girl walked with their arms linked and broad smiles plastered across their faces. The sight caused a pang in Sammy’s chest. It hadn’t been that long ago in this town that she and Xander had walked into the spring formal, linked arm in arm like the college kids she now watched.
From the corner of her eye, she stole a glance to General Abraxas. The remorseful longing that she felt was nowhere to be seen on his face. He instead scowled at the kids, as though their happiness was a personal affront.
“What are we doing here?” she asked again. 
He ignored her question and continued staring out the window. Reaching over, he rolled down his window and let the cool breeze wash over him. His nostrils flared as he took in the odor of the small town. After a brief smell, his brow furrowed in disgust and he spat out the window.
“This place stinks,” he said.
“It’s called fresh air.”
The General shook his head. “It’s not fresh. I can smell it, haunting just below the surface. It’s there, hanging like a poison cloud just below the breeze. It’s the toxin of humanity. It’s the smell of strip-mined mountains. It’s the smell of polluted rivers. It’s the smell of noxious clouds of smoke billowing out of their factories. It’s permeated everything they touch.”
Sammy huffed. “You’re just spouting the same rhetoric I’ve heard from my father since I was born. I’ve seen the surface world. It’s not nearly as bad as you seem to believe.”
“It doesn’t matter what you believe,” he said, smiling wickedly. “The Wind Caste will fall and we will ravage the world of man. Burn it back to the Earth. Nothing will stop us.”
“He’ll try,” the words slipped out before she could stop them. Sammy immediately flushed with embarrassment.
Rather than seeming upset, General Abraxas’ smile widened. “You mean the Wind Warrior. He’ll try. And he’ll die, just like all the rest of their kind. And when the last of them die by my hand, then the rest of the world will share their fate.”
Angrily, Sammy opened her door and climbed out of the car. She slammed it behind her and stormed across the street. As she walked, she heard the soft click of his door being opened as well.
She didn’t know what to do. Abraxas was right—the Wind Caste didn’t stand a chance against the Fire Warriors. Their power was created to feed the flames, meaning that it would take an exceptional amount of power to defeat a trained group of warriors. The fact that they defeated her warriors previously only proved that her warriors were inexperienced and overly confident—it hardly proved that the Wind Warriors were truly that powerful. 
The General crossed the road and walked up behind her. “You can’t stop the inevitable.”
She kept her back to him, choosing instead to watch him through the reflection in the glass storefront. She watched him turn away from her and sniff the air once again. He smiled as he caught the scent of what he was looking for. Suddenly, she felt it as well. She felt the small twinge in her stomach, like something crawling across her skin. She had felt that sensation once before, when Xander first used his powers. Someone was using elemental powers nearby.
“There’s a Wind Warrior in town,” he whispered.
Sammy paled. She couldn’t imagine Xander would be foolish enough to come back home so soon after she tried to kill him but the General wasn’t wrong. Someone in the town had used elemental powers. It wasn’t one of the Fire Warriors; the power used had a different sensation, one to which she wasn’t accustomed. It had to be a Wind Warrior.
“Tell me, Lady Balor,” the General said as he smiled and showed his rows of sharpened teeth. “Where did your young Wind Warrior live?”
Sammy shook her head as beads of sweat broke out across her forehead. She suddenly knew what the General had in mind.
“I don’t know,” she lied. Though she had never been to his house, she had seen his house after following him home after school.
General Abraxas’ smile disappeared and he glowered at Sammy. “Don’t lie to me, girl!”
He reached out and clenched her arm, his fingers searing against her skin. She screamed out in pain and her knees buckled as his grip tightened.
“Hey,” a voice called from behind the General. “Leave her alone!”
She looked over the General’s shoulder and saw a man standing on the curb behind Abraxas. He wore a White Halls College football jacket, which he filled out with his large physique. Under normal circumstances, he would have been a great champion to come to her aid. Unfortunately, this wasn’t a normal situation. He was in grave danger from the General and didn’t even know it. His attempt to be a knight in shining armor could easily cost him his life.
General Abraxas released her arm and turned toward the stranger. As he smiled, the football player backed away from his pointed teeth.
“Say it again,” the General hissed through his clenched teeth. Behind his back, a ball of flame began to form in his hand.
“Leave her alone,” the man repeated with significantly less bravado.
“Oh, I will. I’ve found a much better plaything now.”
The General whipped his hand around from his back. The ball of flame gripped in his palm burned a blindingly vibrant yellow. He reared back to throw the fireball at the young footballer.
Sammy lunged forward and struck the General’s wrist as the older Fire Warrior was preparing to release. The flying ball went askew as it flew, narrowly avoiding the brave stranger. Instead of burning the young man where he stood, the ball of flame crashed through the pane of glass beside him before exploding against the interior display wall. The windows all along the storefront exploded outward in a shower of broken glass and roaring flames.
The football player threw up his hands defensively as the glass poured over him. As quickly as it had begun, the sudden burst of flames died away and the glass fell to the ground in a glistening rain.
The young man looked up with bewilderment. His feet seemed affixed to the ground as he stared at the homicidal Fire Warrior.
“Run!” Sammy yelled.
Her words cut through his stupor and he turned and ran. His sneakered feet crunched the glass underneath as he quickly disappeared around a corner.
Sammy stared toward the man as he retreated but her mind was swirling with confusion. She didn’t know why she just saved that man’s life. She didn’t know him; hadn’t seen him before just now. Instinctually, she knew that the Fire Warriors were going to burn away humanity so that the Earth could begin anew. Yet when faced with taking the life of a single human stranger, she couldn’t bring herself to do it. It was a mirror to her experience with Xander when they were alone in the abandoned house. Something within her overrode her common sense and upbringing.
The General spun on Sammy angrily. Reaching out, he grabbed her wrists painfully, squeezing until she swore the bones underneath her skin would break. She whimpered in pain but refrained from crying out again.
“No more games, you stupid girl! Tell me where he lived!”
Sammy shook her head softly. Despite knowing he wouldn’t think twice before killing her, she was beginning to accept that she couldn’t betray the Wind Warriors to such a megalomaniac.
The heat on her wrists increased until she could hear the sizzling of her flesh underneath. She groaned loudly and her knees grew weak. The General leaned forward, his eyes smoldering with hatred.
Just when she didn’t think she could take any more, she felt an invisible tugging on her gut. Like the butterfly feeling from before, this feeling was quite a bit stronger.
The General felt it too and quickly let her go. Sammy fell to the ground and curled into a ball, cradling her burned wrists against her chest. She knew the skin would heal; she always healed quickly from burns. 
“He knows we’re here,” the General said. “I guess I won’t need you to lead the way to them after all.”
Reaching down, the General pulled her to her feet and shoved her ahead of him as they marched toward Xander’s house.

The street was quiet as the pair walked down the sidewalk. The air was filled with the lingering smell of soot and ash, a remnant of Xander and his grandfather’s battle against the Fire Warriors in the nearby park.
Though the feeling in their gut was gone, the Wind Warrior’s actions had done their damage. General Abraxas had been able to narrow down the location of Xander’s house by following the elemental power. Standing now on the same street as the young Wind Warrior’s home, the sly smile returned to the General’s face.
“I know you’re here,” Abraxas yelled into the cool air. “Come and face me, Wind Warrior. Come and meet your doom.”
Sammy held her breath, hoping the unseen Wind Warrior wouldn’t be foolish enough to show himself against such a powerful Fire Warrior. She wanted to wave him away; to warn him about the danger. Unfortunately, General Abraxas had seen fit to tie her wrists with a leather cord, the other end of which was attached to his belt. He had given her just enough length on the leather rope to walk ahead of him but not enough to raise her hands above her head.
“You’re a coward, like all the rest of your kind!” he yelled. “What is your plan? Stay out of sight until I leave? Rush off to warn the others? Your plan won’t work because I’m not leaving!”
General Abraxas drew back his hand and flames enveloped his arm. The flames flickered and swirled as he formed them into a stream. The jet of flame leapt from his hand and struck a parked car nearby. The glass windshield shattered as the interior of the car burst into flames. Fire rolled out the broken side windows, spilling putrid black smoke into the air.
“Take a good look, Wind Warrior! I’ll burn this entire street to the ground if you don’t come out and face me. I’ll kill every innocent person in this town until I flush you out! I’ll…”
He stopped in mid-sentence as a biting sensation spread in his gut. A man leapt nimbly from a tree in front of a two-story house. The rosy-cheeked man glided fluidly through the air before touching down lithely in front of Abraxas. A cyclone of wind struck the General in the chest, lifting the surprised man from his feet. The leather cord jerked on Sammy’s hands and she found herself jerked from her feet as Abraxas flew backward.
Before the Fire Warriors even hit the ground, the man had launched back into the air and disappeared into the nearby trees.
The General stood angrily and yanked Sammy back to her feet.
“Is this how you fight?” the General yelled. “You’re only delaying the inevitable!”
A rustle of leaves warned the General seconds before a second cyclone struck him in the back, knocking him face first into the concrete. Sammy was jerked forward but managed to keep her feet. She dropped to a knee as the leather bit into her wrists. Slamming his fist into the ground, Abraxas raised his head just in time to see the Wind Warrior disappear once again into the tree line.
“Coward!”
General Abraxas climbed back to his feet hastily and extended his hands toward the nearby trees. Flames leapt from his hands, igniting the leaf-laden branches. The vibrant green leaves curled and blackened quickly in the heat. The still-living wood sent pillars of white smoke into the air as the trees caught fire.
Turning, the General set tree after tree on fire. As he reached the end of the row of trees, the Wind Warrior emerged from the tree canopy. In his hand, the air shimmered as he prepared another air onslaught. Having prepared for the attack this time, the General held his ground and merely smiled at the confident Wind Warrior.
The floating Wind Warrior coalesced another miniature tornado in his hand and launched it at Abraxas. The General threw his arms out wide and let the cyclone hit him full force in the chest. Rather than staggering or falling like he had done before, General Abraxas absorbed the swirling air into his body. 
The flames enveloping his arms burned even brighter as they were fed by the wind.
“Wind feeds the flame, or have you forgotten?” Abraxas laughed.
The Wind Warrior’s eyes widened in surprise and he turned to flee. 
Abraxas summoned dozens of small flaming orbs around his arms. He launched them in rapid succession toward the  fleeing man. The Wind Warrior danced nimbly through the air, avoiding shot after shot. As he touched down on the ground and prepared to launch skyward once again, his foot slid momentarily in the muddy earth. The pause was brief but more than enough time for General Abraxas.
A pair of flaming orbs shot out at blinding speeds. They struck the Wind Warrior along his ribs, burning quickly through the man’s thin shirt and scorching the skin beneath.
Sammy could smell the burned flesh from where she stood and her stomach soured. Despite her hands being bound, she managed to turn away so she wouldn’t have to look.
The Wind Warrior dropped his arm to his side, protecting his wounded and exposed skin. On unsteady legs, he pushed off and flew straight upward.
General Abraxas followed his ascent but dismissed the flame orbs rather than throw them at the retreating figure.
“That’s right,” Abraxas muttered to himself. “Run home. Warn the others that I’m coming for you all.”
The General’s gaze dropped from the Wind Warrior and he scanned the houses nearby. Despite the supernatural battle that took place on the public street, most of the homes were dark and their curtains drawn tight. As he turned toward the two-story house in front of which the Wind Warrior had been hiding, he saw a pair of figures silhouetted in the window, watching the battle transpire. 
Abraxas smiled to himself. He knew it would take a special type of person to stand at the window and watch elemental wielders battle one another. The parental type, unless he was mistaken.
“You let him go?” Sammy said in surprise. “Why didn’t you just kill him?”
“Bait, dear Lady Balor,” he grinned in response.
“So that’s what the Wind Warrior and I am to you?” she replied insulted. “Bait?”
The General turned away from the window and the couple drew the curtains. “You misunderstand, my Lady. You and the Wind Warrior are the hook.”
He snarled wickedly as he pointed to Xander’s house. “They are the bait.”




Patrick launched a ball of pressurized air at Xander. The younger man easily sidestepped and created a gust that sent the ball flying back at the Irishman. Patrick dove aside, narrowly avoiding being struck. As he tried to climb back to his feet, Xander slammed a downdraft on top of him, driving him onto the mosaic floor. Patrick groaned and managed to lift a hand just far enough to tap on the floor, ending the sparring match.
Xander released the driving wind and stepped back, his chest heaving with exertion. He was exhausted from day after day of training but he had never felt more alive. Everywhere he went, the wind whispered to him. He felt connected to every inch of the island.
The aunts and uncles clapped from the seats around the open courtyard.
“He’s getting better,” Alicia said.
“I taught him all he knows, you know,” Giovanni added with a wink.
Thea guffawed. “Then it’s your fault he still has so far to go.”
Giovanni laughed heartily. “You know you are impressed, principessa. You do not have to be coy with Giovanni.” 
Xander walked over, beaming with pride. Patrick walked up behind him and patted him firmly on the back. “You did good, lad.”
“Did you see the match, Grandpa?” Xander asked as the elder man walked out of the central building.
“I saw the important part. I watched you beat up that poor old man.”
Everyone laughed as Patrick’s jaw dropped in mock indignation. “You know I’m not the only old man around here, right?”
His grandfather opened his mouth to respond but froze with his mouth partly agape. The others stopped laughing as well. Even Xander sensed it—a subtle shift in the drifting of the island. It was so subtle that its meaning would have normally been lost but those gathered in the courtyard knew its meaning all too well. Robert was warning them that someone was approaching the island!
The group scattered, taking refuge behind or inside the nearby buildings. Xander could sense the mixture of excitement and fear in the air. If the Fire Warriors had found them already, then this very well could be a fight for their very existence.
Behind him, Alicia drew the air to her like a vacuum, creating a small vortex around her body. Xander could hear the hum of building air pockets around the perimeter of the courtyard. They were going to be prepared for whatever was coming.
Nearly thirty feet up the wall of water, the swirling waterspout parted and a single, round-faced man emerged. His flight was unsteady and he dipped dangerously close to one of the red-roofed buildings. At the last possible moment, his angle changed and he shot upward again. Near the peak of his ascent, the man lost his concentration and plummeted back toward the island’s surface.
Giovanni broke from his hiding spot and shot skyward, catching the man only a few feet before he struck the tiled mosaic floor. The Italian drifted to the floor with the man cradled in his arms.
The other aunts and uncles retreated from their cover and rushed to Giovanni’s side as he touched down on solid ground. Xander saw his grandfather hurry over as well and followed the old man’s lead.
The Wind Warriors formed a circle around the plump man. His full cheeks were rose colored from exposure to intense winds. He had clearly been flying at an incredible pace to reach the island as quickly as he had. It wasn’t the man’s labored breathing or wind-swept face that concerned Xander. The side of his shirt had been burnt black and the soft skin beneath was blistered and scorched.
“Give him some air,” his grandfather demanded. 
The aunts and uncles took a reserved step back but their worried expressions didn’t leave his face.
“Who is that?” Xander asked as his heart sank in his chest. He knew only one other Wind Warrior existed that he hadn’t met before but he had been on a special assignment, guarding Xander’s parents. If he was here, and burnt as he was, it could only mean bad news for his family.
“Who is that?” he repeated when no one responded.
“It is Bart,” Giovanni answered, placing a comforting arm around Xander’s shoulders. “It’s your Uncle Bart.”
Bart slowly opened his eyes and coughed hoarsely. Every breath seemed to cause pain through his body but he forced himself into a seated position. He looked up through red-rimmed eyes and stared at Xander’s grandfather.
“I’m sorry,” he said over and over again. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
“You don’t have to be sorry,” his grandfather said. “Just tell me what happened.”
Bart took a deep breath and grimaced. With a slow exhale, he continued. “I was watching your son and daughter-in-law when I was ambushed by a Fire Warrior. He was far stronger than anything I’d seen before. I tried to hold him off but he burned me right through my strongest defenses. I wanted to stay, I really did, but I couldn’t.”
Tears streaked down his face. “I couldn’t fight him so I came here as quickly as I could to warn you.”
Xander staggered before collapsing onto a marble bench. The Fire Warriors clearly knew where Xander and his grandfather lived. Without Bart to defend them, there was no telling what damage someone like that would do to his parents.
“You did the right thing, Bart,” his grandfather said. “You wouldn’t have done any good staying there getting yourself killed.”
“I’m sorry,” Bart muttered again.
Xander’s sorrow turned to a burning anger. He pushed away from the bench and wiped the threatening tears from his eyes with the back of his sleeve.
“It’s a trap,” Thea said. “You know it is. There’s no possible way that a Fire Warrior defeats Bart so handily and then lets him live. He wants to draw you out.”
“Let him try,” Xander said to the gathered warriors.
His grandfather frowned. “I know you’re worried but Thea’s right.” He shook his head before Xander could reply. “But so are you. We can’t leave your parents undefended. I’ll go and check on them.”
“I’m going too.”
“Take a look at Bart. He is far stronger than you are and this Fire Warrior easily defeated him. We’re not dealing with the cannon fodder you and I fought in the park. Whoever this man is, he’s dangerous.”
Xander stepped forward, clenching and unclenching his fists. “That’s all the more reason why we should go with numbers on our side. They’re my parents. You can’t stop me from going.”
“He’s right,” Giovanni said. “I am the fastest of the flyers, no? I will go with the boy. If there is danger, no one will get you to safety faster than me.”
“I’m going too,” Bart said, pushing himself up from the ground.
“You can barely walk, Bart,” Thea said. “Don’t fool yourself.”
“Lay back down, sweetie,” Alicia said, patting Bart on the shoulder.
“It’s my fault his family’s in trouble,” Bart bellowed, his voice suddenly strong. “This happened on my watch and I’m going to make it right. End of discussion.”
“Then we all go,” Patrick said. “The whole bloody lot of us.”
“No,” his grandfather said quickly. “No, Thea’s right. This feels like a trap. If it is, I’d rather we not all be caught together. If something happens to us, we have to ensure some of the Wind Caste survives.
“You three will stay here on the island and protect Robert,” he continued. “If the Fire Warriors are moving against us, they may know about the island as well. Stay alert.”
His grandfather stepped away from the others and walked to Xander’s side. “Whatever happens, whatever we find, promise me you’ll stay alive.”
“If something has happened to them,” Xander said, “there won’t be a single Fire Warrior strong enough to stand in my way.”
They nodded to Giovanni, who created a strong gust of wind beneath their feet. The quartet lifted off the ground and launched into the air, passing smoothly through the wall of water and emerging out over the vast ocean. They accelerated faster and faster, quickly exceeding the speed he and his grandfather had flown on their way to the island.
The wind whipped in Xander’s face, blowing his dark hair behind him and stinging his eyes. He narrowed his eyes and focused on the landmass quickly approaching. His family was in danger and he was coming to their rescue. He clenched his fist and prayed Giovanni could get them to White Halls before it was too late.




A dark pallor of old smoke hung in the air, visible for miles away. The plume of black smoke no longer billowed from a burning fire but hung in the air as an artifact from one recently extinguished.
None of the four spoke as they skimmed over the rooftops of the houses in White Halls but they shared a sense of foreboding. Xander wanted to vomit. Despite telling himself that there was still hope, something deep in his mind knew the truth. His limbs felt heavy despite not exerting his own powers on the flight. Giovanni must have been exhausted from carrying the group over the thousands of miles but he still seemed determined as they rushed toward the smoke.
When they reached the road leading to Xander’s parent’s house, Giovanni glided down to the street. As soon as his feet touched the asphalt, Xander sprinted toward his house.
He could smell the stinging smoke long before he reached the house. The acrid smoke filled the street, burning his lungs as he ran. He didn’t know if the tears streaking down his cheeks were from smoke irritation or fear. 
He knew the others were following as quickly as they could but Xander swiftly left them far behind. The asphalt at his feet became dark with water. Puddles pooled in the pockmarks in the road and flowed like a stream against the curbs on either side of the street. The fire trucks were long gone and their hoses retracted but Xander could still see the cover left off from the fire hydrant across the street from his parent’s home.
Xander’s foot caught on the asphalt and he sprawled onto the road. His hands and knees scraped across the ground and skinned away the flesh. He wanted to climb back to his feet but his body felt weak. Slowly, he lifted his head and looked at the house.
Bright yellow police tape cordoned off the house. The roof had collapsed from the heat. Charred support beams were all that remained—now exposed to the afternoon sun. The front porch he had sat on so many nights, talking with his parents or grandfather, was buried underneath rubble from the second floor. The house had been gutted by flames, leaving blackened, hollow eyes where windows once stood. Nothing survived the destruction.
Xander pushed himself to his feet before the others caught up to him and walked unsteadily toward the house. Reaching out, he grasped the police tape in both hands and tore it in half.
His tennis shoes sunk into the muddy ground that was still saturated from hundreds of gallons of water. Beneath the smell of charred wood and broiled paint, he could smell a faint underlying scent of sulfur. He had only smelled something that pungent once before, when Sammy had cornered him in the abandoned house. 
Xander clutched his chest as a wave of anguish washed over him. The Fire Warriors had been here—this was their fault. The sulfur smell was their calling card, left there for the Wind Warriors to find.
“Hey, you can’t be here,” a police officer called out as he approached the house. “It’s not safe.”  
Xander turned toward the officer and wiped away the tears with the back of his sleeve. Seeing the sorrow in his eyes, the police officer relaxed and dropped his hand from the pistol on his belt.
“Are you okay?” the officer asked as he stepped onto the sidewalk. “Did you know the family that lived here?”
“They’re my parents,” Xander replied, unwilling to use the past tense when talking about them despite his burgeoning fears. “Where are they? What happened?”
“Oh, son, I’m so sorry. I’m not sure I’m the right person to be talking to you about this.”
“Please,” he said, pleading. “Please tell me what happened.”
The officer sighed. “A fire started in the kitchen. Both your parents were asleep upstairs.”
Xander swallowed a threatening sob. From the corner of his eyes, he could see the other warriors approaching.
“What happened to them?” he said softly.
“There was a lot of smoke in the house. They… they never woke up. It was painless—they went in their sleep.”
His knees grew weak and his grandfather materialized by his side. Xander’s deep loss was reflected in his grandfather’s face but the elder man kept a stoic visage in front of the police officer.
“I’m here,” his grandfather whispered into his ear. “I’m here.”
“I’m really sorry to be the one to tell you,” the officer said as he removed his hat and ran a nervous hand over his scalp.
“Thank you, Officer,” Giovanni said, shaking the man’s hand. “We appreciate your help.”
The officer nodded at the men before walking back to his patrol car. The engine roared as the officer turned the key.
Xander felt a chill wash over him as the engine rumbled to life. It felt like electricity pouring through the muddy ground under his feet, coursing up through his legs before spreading through his core. Goose bumps rose on his arms and the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end as though statically charged.
He had felt something similar once before, seconds before the Fire Warriors ambushed him and his grandfather on the park bench.
His grandfather clenched his arms around Xander tighter, holding him closer. “Not now. Not while the police officer is still here.”
Xander’s tears quickly dried while he glanced from side to side, scanning for the Fire Warrior. He could sense Bart’s palpable fear, having faced this warrior before. The fear Xander thought he’d felt was gone, replaced instead by an overwhelming need for revenge.
The police car pulled away from the curb and rolled down the road. Giovanni waved politely with a smile painted on his face. As it turned at the end of the otherwise empty road, the Italian dropped his hand. His grandfather released Xander, who staggered away from the older man before finding his balance.
The trees around them bent as the wind kicked up furiously. Xander’s hair blew first into his face before the wind shifted directions chaotically, knocking the loose strands of hair back over his forehead.
From the side of the house, a single figure emerged. General Abraxas’ shaven head glistened in the afternoon sun. His dark tattoos traced patterns down his cheeks before disappearing beneath his thick armor and fur-lined cloak. 
“So these are the mighty Wind Warriors?” the General mocked. “I’m not impressed.”
“You did this,” Xander growled. “You killed my parents. I’ll kill you!”
The power washed over and through him, coalescing in his hand in an orb of maddeningly swirling air. The wind was raw and untamed. When it launched from his hand, it surged through the air with a primal force rather than the disciplined technique he’d been practicing. The orb rocketed across the front lawn, aimed directly at the warrior’s chest.
Abraxas’ arm ignited in flames as he laughed. With a wave of his hand, he batted the orb harmlessly aside.
“You can’t hope to defeat me. Wind feeds the flames, or have you forgotten so soon?”
Xander closed his eyes and tears squeezed from the corners of his eyes. He heard a concerned yell behind him but he ignored their warnings. This Fire Warrior killed his parents for no other reason than to draw him out of hiding. That sort of senseless brutality deserved the punishment Xander had in mind. 
The wind built around him in a swirling vortex. He could hear his grandfather yelling at him from a great distance away but the roar of the growing tornado made his words inaudible.
Chunks of grass and mud were pulled from the ground by the swirling winds. He heard the fabric of his shirt tear as the howling winds pulled at his body from all angles. With a cry of anguish, Xander drove the tornado forward.
General Abraxas stood his ground with a wicked smile that revealed his pointed teeth. He crossed his arms in front of his face and both burst into flames.
The tornado struck him with a deafening crash. Shingles from the house’s ruined roof cascaded onto the yard. A support beam, weakened from the fire, cracked on the porch.
Exhausted, Xander dropped to his knees. The swirling grass and mud slowed until it seemed to freeze in the air. At once, the debris collapsed into the yard in large, dirty piles.
In the center of the chaos, General Abraxas laughed again. He lowered his arms and Xander realized the man was completely unscathed. He wanted to cry again. The Fire Warrior was taking everything he had and brushing it aside. Xander’s hopes of vengeance for his family were growing further and further away.
He forced himself back to a standing position and let the wind build around him again.
“Xander, don’t,” his grandfather said from behind him. “He’s too strong.”
“Listen to the old man, boy! There’s nothing you can do to stop me.”
“Then I’ll die trying!” Xander yelled. He concentrated again and the winds grew stronger around him. The energy pulled at his very essence, drawing its strength from his core. It felt like he was draining his life to fuel another assault.
“I wouldn’t do that, if I were you,” the General said. “Not if you want to keep your girlfriend alive.”
Xander froze. The winds still swirled around him but the power ebbed from him.
Abraxas reached around the corner of the house and his hand closed around someone concealed there. With a tug, he pulled Sammy to the front yard. Her hands were tied in front of her with a leather thong. The General had the other end tied to his belt, keeping her tethered to him. His hand was clamped firmly around the back of her neck and she whimpered as the General squeezed against her throat.
“It’s a trick,” Bart said. “She’s a Fire Warrior too. He wouldn’t harm her.”
Xander looked at the stern reservation on the General’s face and panned to the pained fear on Sammy’s. He knew instantly that this wasn’t a bluff. The General was more than willing to kill her as a way to the Wind Warriors.
“Don’t hurt her,” Xander said. The wind around him died away.
“Xander,” his grandfather said harshly. “Don’t be a fool. He’ll kill you.”
“Let her go,” Xander said, ignoring the protests. “Let her go and you can have me.”
“No,” Sammy said sternly. The fear faded away on her face. “Your grandfather’s right. He’ll kill you.”
“Shut up, girl,” Abraxas hissed.
“I screwed up with you,” she said. A small flame appeared in front of her bound hands, burning through the leather thong. “I know that. But I can’t stop thinking about you and I won’t let you throw your life away for me.”
“I told you to…” the General began before Sammy drove her elbow into his gut. 
He doubled over in pain but kept his grip on her neck. As he righted himself, he jerked his arm backward. Sammy was pulled from her feet and launched through the air. She slammed painfully into a tree and slid down to the ground. 
From where he stood, Xander couldn’t see her moving. His worry turned to a searing rage. His eyes turned white and the wind roared around him. The power came from somewhere beyond him, like he was tapping into the fundamental nature of the elemental power.
“Sammy!” he yelled.
“Enough of this!” Abraxas said. 
He raised his hands and the ground around Xander erupted in a cyclone of flames. They built into a pillar, swirling madly around him. The heat was oppressive, stealing the very oxygen from the air. Xander’s clothes smoked as they threatened to ignite.
A bullish figure broke through the side of the burning pillar and knocked Xander free of the flames. He and Bart both coughed as they collapsed onto the ground, their skin blackened from the soot.
Bart rolled off him as Xander climbed to his feet. His grandfather and Giovanni had already engaged the General. Giovanni flew by the Fire Warrior, buffeting him with gusts of wind. His grandfather shot wind at him like spears, trying to pierce through his thick armor. 
The General brushed the assaults aside. As Giovanni passed by again, Abraxas’ hand shot up and grabbed the Italian’s shirt. He flung the Wind Warrior aside and Giovanni crashed into the ground before rolling out of sight around the side of the building.
Seeing Xander back on his feet, Abraxas turned his attention back to the young warrior. A flaming sphere grew in his hand, burning from blue to green to red to virtually white. When the orb was practically too bright to look at any longer, the General pulled back his arm to throw.
Something triggered deep inside Xander, something primal and powerful. The wind surged within him far stronger than he had felt before. It saturated his body with energy until he felt unable to contain its purity. His eyes flashed a blinding white as he lost himself in its enveloping embrace.
The General launched his flaming orb and the wind leapt from Xander’s body in response. The two elemental forces collided with enough strength to shake the ground. Sparks mixed with driving wind, sending shards of flames in all directions—like a firework exploding between them.
With the fireball destroyed, the power withdrew from Xander, leaving him weakened. His breath was ragged and his limbs felt heavy. His head sagged toward his chest. With an effort, he looked up in time to see the General throw a second orb of flame.
Xander raised his hand to deflect it but lacked the energy. He could do nothing as it spiraled toward him.
	Just before the flame struck him, Bart threw himself in between Xander and the assault. The orb struck him in the chest and he fell limply to the ground.
The ground beneath Xander’s feet shook as an earthquake rocked White Halls. He dropped to his knee for support as the shaking threatened to knock him from his feet.
The house shook violently. Wood creaked and shattered. Broken glass rattled in the ruined home. With a thunderous crack, the foundation split and the house caved in on itself. Clouds of dust and debris spewed across the front yard, engulfing the warriors.
“No!” he heard his grandfather yell from somewhere in the concealing smoke.
A bright red beam filled the air, illuminating the dust like lightning within a cloud. A single scream split the air before falling silent.
Xander was overwhelmingly exhausted. He lacked the energy to push himself up from his knee. Bart lay on the ground in front of him, smoke still rising from the wound on his chest. He couldn’t see any of the others, though he strained to find a silhouette through the choking dust.
“Grandpa!” he yelled before being overwhelmed with a coughing fit. “Giovanni!”
A figure stepped through the smoke. Xander looked up hopefully but his hopes were crushed as he saw the dark armor and tattooed face of General Abraxas.
“They won’t answer your calls,” he said. “No one’s left to rescue you.”
Xander was crestfallen. He rocked back on his knees until he sat on his feet. He placed his hands on his lap, knowing that he had nothing left that could harm the General.
“Get it over with,” he muttered.
“With pleasure.”
The General raised his hands and a swirling maelstrom of fire grew between his palms. The ball grew beyond the size of his hand, expanding until it was over a foot across. Xander could feel the intense heat and he flinched involuntarily away from the flames.
“Your time is over, Wind Warrior. Long live the flame.”
“I couldn’t have said it better myself,” Sammy said from behind him.
She placed her outstretched hand on the back of his cloak and the garment caught fire. He spun around in a panic, trying to control the growing flames but Sammy wouldn’t release the cloak. She slid her other hand to his pants leg and set it on fire as well.
General Abraxas screamed as the fire quickly spread across his pants and up into his armor. It spread unnaturally quick as Sammy fed the flames with her power. Her beautiful blue eyes turned vibrant red as she focused, pushing her body to its limit.
The General finally broke free from her grip as she grew dizzy from exertion. Fully engulfed in flames, he turned away from the warriors and fled into the woods.
Sammy dropped beside Xander and cradled his face in her hands. Her hands were painfully hot but he didn’t push her away. Blood trickled from a gash at her hairline and a faint bruise was growing along her cheek.
“Xander, I’m so sorry,” she sobbed. “I tried to stop him. I tried.”
“I know,” he said weakly. He slid his arms around her neck and pulled her into a tight embrace.
They held each other for a long moment until they both felt strong enough to stand again. 
As they stood, tears filled Sammy’s eyes. “Xander, I’m so sorry. I didn’t…”
Her words were lost as he kissed her. He could feel the heat radiating from her body and could taste the saltiness of the tears on her lips. The tension fled from her as she melted into his arms. Sammy slid her arms around his neck as he cradled her close to him.
As their lips parted, Xander felt at least some of the weight of the last few days’ events lifted from his shoulders.
Sammy rested her head on his chest and nuzzled under his chin. Glancing past her, Xander looked over at Bart, who hadn’t moved since the attack. Reaching up softly, he pulled Sammy’s hands free from his neck and walked over and knelt beside him. His hands shook as he reached out and put his fingers against Bart’s wrist, searching for a pulse.
“Is he…?” she asked.
Xander shook his head sadly and gently placed Bart’s hand over his chest. Though he was tired, Xander summoned a wind and blew away the rest of the clinging dust cloud that blanketed the area. 
With the air clear, he saw Giovanni crouched over his grandfather. The Italian was shirtless and his long hair was coated with mud and dirt. As the wind cleared away the rest of the dust, Giovanni looked over and saw the younger warrior.
“Xander!” Giovanni said, relieved. “Hurry here!”
Xander rushed over and froze short of his grandfather. The old man’s face was painted with anguish and sweat mixed with the tears in his eyes. Giovanni’s shirt was draped over his grandfather but Xander could still see the burnt arm jutting from underneath. He feared to pull the shirt aside and see what other damage had been done.
“Grandfather,” Xander whispered.
“Hush,” his grandfather said. “Don’t you worry about this. I’ll be back on my feet in no time.”
Xander smiled politely but didn’t believe the elder man. “I’m sure you will.”
“We Siroccos are stubborn.”
“To a fault,” Xander joked with a strained laugh.
“Is Bart…?”
Xander shook his head. His grandfather let out an exasperated sigh, closed his eyes, and fell silent. For a moment, Xander feared he was going to lose his grandfather as well.
His grandfather opened his eyes again and looked at Sammy standing by Xander’s side. “Is this her? Is this the Fire Warrior that you won’t stop talking about?”
Sammy blushed and Xander nodded. “This is Sammy.”
His grandfather smiled. “She’s just as beautiful as you described.”
Sammy slid her hand into Xander’s and he clenched it tightly, for fear of ever letting her go.
“We need to leave here,” Giovanni offered. “People will be coming soon. We can’t let them find us here.”
“Can you carry my grandfather and… and Bart?” Xander asked, fearing that Giovanni was too exhausted to make the trip back.
“I will make it happen.”
He turned toward Sammy and looked into her blue eyes. Reaching up, he brushed aside some of the blonde hair that had matted in the blood on her forehead.
“Come with us,” he said. “I don’t know what it’ll mean for us. I don’t know where we’ll go or what we’ll do but at least we’ll be together.”
“Yes! But you have to know they’ll come for us,” she said. “They won’t stop coming for all of you.”
“Then we’ll face them together,” he said, squeezing her hand.
She slipped her hands around his neck and he created a buffer of wind beneath them. Giovanni cradled his grandfather carefully in his arms before pushing off from the ground and joining the other two in the air. Bart’s body floated gently behind him, wrapped lovingly in the wind that held Giovanni aloft. As a family, they flew back to the island.




The Fire Warriors walked through the dense undergrowth of the woods, pushing aside clinging tree limbs. The trail of burnt ground and foliage was obvious as it cut a swath through the forest.
Leaves were curled aside from the heat. Limbs were blackened overhead and embers on the ground still smoldered red hot beneath their quickly cooling white exteriors. The woods were silent as all the animals had fled ahead of the fire.
The warriors crested a shallow ridge and found the valley consumed in thick, black smoke. They slid nimbly down the muddy slope on the back side of the ridge and entered the heart of the small forest fire. 
The flames burned in a ring, consuming brush and tree bark in waves of crackling fire. In the wake of the flames, the ground was charred black. The warrior’s boots shattered burnt plants as they stepped through the forest fire and into the soot-filled aftermath.
In the center of the burning ring, a man lay prostrate, his face buried in the ash. More soot and ash filled the air around him, settling over his naked form.
The closest Fire Warrior removed his cloak and placed it carefully over the burnt man, concealing the twisted and scorched skin underneath. At the touch of the cloak, the man stirred and opened an eye.
Slowly, the man pushed off the ground until he was standing on mangled legs. He looked up at the evening’s sky through his one good eye. He huffed at the stars that were emerging as dusk settled over the valley.
“General Abraxas,” the Fire Warrior said.
“Did you follow them?” Abraxas said through lips that had partially fused together in the flames. “Did you find them?”
“We lost them when they flew out over the ocean.”
“But?” the General said dangerously.
“But the fishermen around the shore remarked that there has been strange weather far out in the ocean. We’ll find them there, I’m sure of it.”
“You had better be,” Abraxas said. “Your life depends on it.”
He closed his hand into a tense fist. “We’ll find them, then I’ll have my revenge!”

Don't miss the next installment in the World Aflame series!  Flame Caller is available now on all platforms!

Here's a sneak peak of the first few chapters…




Xander Sirocco laced his fingers behind his head and lay back on the bed. His gaze drifted to the marbled ceiling above him and the faded mosaic that had once been elaborately painted on its surface. The images had faded until they were barely recognizable as people. Only the image of a man and woman holding hands hadn’t been worn away from constant exposure to the sun and salt water. The older couple stared at one another romantically amidst a boiling storm.
Reaching up, he wiped away tears that welled in his eyes. The woman in the painting had long, dark hair that cascaded over her shoulders as she looked up at the man. The older man also had dark hair similar to Xander’s.  Both of their features had been worn away from exposure and age, but they reminded him remarkably of his parents.
A knot grew in his throat. He was forced to roll onto his side and look out the window before the emotion overwhelmed him. Outside the window, bright sun glistened off a wall of water that surrounded the narrow island. The red-tiled roofs baked in the warm sunlight and the white marble walls of the buildings reflected the light, bathing the entire island in its glow. At another time, it would have been a tropical paradise; a piece of ancient Roman architecture transplanted to the Gulf of Mexico. Xander didn’t have the heart to admire its beauty, however. He brought his knees up to his chest and stared out the window without seeing anything beyond its open shutters.
While he was staring out the window lost in his thoughts, he heard the faint click of footsteps ascending the marble staircase outside his bedroom door. He rolled toward the door as the footsteps came to a stop on the landing and a hand gently knocked. Without awaiting a response from Xander, the door opened and Sammy entered.
Her blonde hair was pinned up with small ringlets resting on the back of her neck. An airy, white blouse that was tied closed around her narrow waist had replaced her dark leathers. Her alabaster skin was marred only by the faint pink of sunburn. 
“You’re not even dressed yet?” she asked. “We’re going to be late.”
She looked at him, noting the puffiness around his eyes. With a sad smile, she walked over to the edge of the bed and sat down beside him. She placed an abnormally warm hand on his bare shoulder and squeezed gently.
Xander reached up and wiped away the fresh tears. Sammy leaned forward and kissed him gently on his forehead. As she leaned back, he stared into her crystal blue eyes. Flecks of gray pierced the rims of her irises, giving her eyes a steely appearance.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” she said.
Her words were like a knife twisting in his gut. He cringed and shook his head.
“Please don’t say that,” Xander said. “If one more person tells me that they’re sorry my parents died, I think I’m going to explode.”
Sammy frowned and quickly looked away. Xander reached out and took her hand.
“I’m sorry, Sammy. I didn’t mean to snap at you.” He blinked away the newest wave of emotion. “It’s just that I miss them so much. And every time I think about getting dressed and going to their funeral, I get this wrenching in my gut. It’s like a constant reminder that they’re dead because of me.”
“Xander,” Sammy said. “It’s not your fault they died.”
Xander sat up in the bed so that he was eye level with Sammy. His eyes smoldered through the tears. “They died because I’m a Wind Warrior. If I hadn’t become one or if I hadn’t left them—”
“Then General Abraxas would have killed you too,” she finished. “You’re a good man, Xander, but you don’t understand the type of people you’re dealing with. Most of the Fire Caste aren’t evil like Abraxas was but men like him exist and they’ll stop at nothing to see you dead. If you had been at your parents’ house instead of here with the other Wind Warriors, then we’d be burying you today too.”
Sammy cradled the side of his head in her hand. “You lived, Xander. You lived so you can stop the Fire Caste from killing anyone else.”
Xander reached up and pulled her hand away. Shifting his weight, he turned his back to her and stared out the open window. Sea spray settled over the red tiles just outside the window and rolled off the roof in small rivulets.
“I’m not trying to pick a fight but what’s the point? A single Fire Warrior killed my parents, Bart, and nearly killed my grandfather. One man! If it hadn’t been for you, he would have killed me too. How could we possibly stop an entire army of them?”
Sammy laid her head on his exposed back and listened to his quickened heartbeat. “I don’t know.”
Startled by her honesty, Xander glanced over his shoulder.
“I don’t know how,” Sammy repeated. “But you’ll find a way. You and the other Wind Warriors will find a way to save the world, I know it.”
“I wish I could believe that.”
Sammy slid off the side of the bed, taking his hand in the process, and pulling him with her. “We have time to convince you later. Right now, we have a funeral to attend. Don’t let survivor’s guilt keep you from honoring their memory.”
Xander sighed and threw his legs over the side of the bed. As he placed his feet on the cold floor, he pulled her into a tight hug. She turned her head to the side and buried her face in the crook of his neck.
“All right,” he said, his voice rumbling against her ear as she lay against his chest. “Let me get dressed.”

They paused as they left his house. Sammy reached down to a basket set beside his door and pulled out a bundle of fresh lavender stalks. The smell was intoxicating, compared to the normal, overwhelming scent of the ocean. She handed the stalks to Xander, who took them with a look of surprise.
“What are these for?” he asked.
Sammy smiled sweetly. “I found a patch growing on the far side of the island. I figured they’d be a nice gesture to lay on the graves.”
Xander’s smile was mixed with a tinge of sadness at the mention of the graves. “Thank you. This is really nice.”
He slipped his hand into hers as they walked. He squinted against the bright sunlight and felt the first bead of sweat roll down his back. Despite the thin, loose-fitting shirt he wore, the sun and humidity was oppressive on the island. 
Xander closed his eyes as he walked and concentrated on the still air around them. A soft breeze coiled around his sandaled ankles as he walked and the wind surged into his body as though being soaked up through his pores. The breeze whispered to him as it flowed through him, cooling him off. It spoke in a language that was completely alien, yet strangely familiar. He didn’t understand the words but the message was unmistakable. 
“Thank you,” Sammy said from beside him. 
Xander opened his eyes and saw the same breeze curling lazily around Sammy. Her hair whipped playfully in the air before settling back onto her shoulders. The slight flush in her porcelain skin seemed to fade away as the cold air washed over her.
Despite the sad event, he felt more alive when he was controlling the wind. It was part of his birthright, one that he wasn’t willing to give up just because the Fire Caste was eager to replace the Wind Warriors.
“How are my aunts and uncles taking everything?” he asked as the wind faded slightly, receding until it became just a faint whisper of air that seeped through their thin clothing.
He felt slightly guilty asking the question. The other remaining Wind Warriors—his “aunts and uncles”—were certainly suffering the loss of Bart as surely as he was suffering the loss of his parents, but he hadn’t bothered to visit with any of them since returning from White Halls. He had locked himself in his room instead, seeing only Sammy when she came to visit. 
Sammy shrugged. “I don’t know, honestly. I mean, they’re obviously sad about what happened, but only Giovanni and Alicia will actually talk to me. Patrick and Thea just give me looks like I’m the devil every time I’m around. And Robert is always in the dome. I guess they’re taking it all in stride.” 
He couldn’t imagine how they must be feeling. They just lost a friend they had known closely for thirty or forty years. He wondered if it had become easier for them over the years, though. His parents were the first people he truly lost that were close to him. The other Wind Warriors had once been part of a group that numbered in the hundreds. Surely, other Wind Warriors had died throughout the years.
“How are you doing, now that we’re actually going to the funeral?” she asked.
Xander shook his head. “I don’t know. I’m kind of numb right now. I’m just trying to hold it all together but I feel like a puzzle with a few pieces missing.”
She gave his hand a firm squeeze. “We’re here. Are you sure you’re okay?”
Xander sighed. “As good as I can be. Let’s go.”
As they rounded the last building, the stone walkway gave way to lush, green grass. The park before them stretched to the edge of the island, ending at the wall of sea spray rising to the sky above. A gentle mist of salt water cascaded over the pair as they left the protection of the marble buildings.
Three figures stood at the far end of the park, flanking three graves. The tops of the graves were covered with piles of stones, creating makeshift cairns. 
Xander froze at the sight. He thought he’d prepared himself enough for this moment but he was quickly overwhelmed at the sight of the graves. The one to the far left concealed the body of Bart. The other two were actually empty graves; they were symbolic markers for Xander’s parents. Their bodies were still with the White Halls coroner. Though he had wanted to retrieve them to give them a proper burial, he knew the Fire Warriors who had accompanied General Abraxas would be waiting for him.
Despite knowing the graves were empty, it didn’t lessen the severe heartache he felt. 
Sammy slipped an arm into his, giving him support as he walked forward. Xander looked quickly away from the graves and instead stared at the three older Wind Warriors who stood stoically behind the cairns. Only Patrick, Thea, and Giovanni were present, another reminder of all they had already lost since the Fire Caste declared war on them. Bart was gone. His grandfather had been badly burned and still hadn’t awoken since their return. Alicia tended to him practically day and night, meaning that another Wind Warrior was incapable of defending against the Fire Warrior invasion.
Not that they cared to fight back, Xander realized sourly as he and Sammy approached the graves. All the elder Wind Warriors—even the ones that seemed to support him the most like Giovanni and Alicia—seemed apathetic when it came to fighting back. It was as though the transition from the wind to the fire was a foregone conclusion. Xander and Sammy seemed to be the only ones that were willing to stand up to the advance.
As he caught Patrick’s eye, the Irish Wind Warrior scowled and opened his mouth to speak. Thea’s quick elbow to his ribs quickly silenced him and left him cringing. He didn’t need to speak for Xander to know what he was going to say. It wasn’t Xander at whom Patrick was scowling. It was Sammy, walking at his side. 
He and Sammy stopped on the far side of the graves and stared at the others. Despite Patrick’s obvious displeasure at Sammy’s presence, all the Wind Warriors looked saddened by the occasion.
“Would anyone like to say anything?” Giovanni asked, breaking the awkward silence. “I don’t really know if any of us are truly qualified to oversee a funeral, so I thought we could just speak what was on our minds. Assuming that’s okay with you all, yes?”
So many different thoughts crashed through Xander’s mind. He tried to think of something meaningful to say but everything he thought of seemed paltry under the circumstances. No one cared like he did that his mother was always compassionate and loving. It seemed insignificant that Xander always knew the affection his father felt, even when the man was being a strict disciplinarian. He tried brushing aside the thoughts of his mother and father lying to him his entire life about the existence of the Wind Warriors, but even that invasive thought kept creeping back into the forefront of his memories.
The more he thought of everything they had been, the more he realized they were gone. Their love and affection would only be a memory; a shadow of what it had once been and what it had meant to him. A knot quickly formed in his throat and he had to swallow hard before the emotion rolled out of him.
Across the gravesite, Patrick cleared his throat. Xander could see the same deep emotion in the Irishman’s eyes as he prepared to speak.
“Bart was a good man and a good friend,” he began, his words thick with sadness. He laughed softly in the way people do when they don’t know what to say in an uncomfortable situation. “I still remember when we met nearly, God, thirty years ago now. I was fresh from the Isle and had an accent thicker than you wouldn’t believe. The poor lad couldn’t even understand me when I spoke.”
Patrick paused and wiped away a tear. “We always said we were terrible friends; that it would be ridiculous for us to grow old together because we never really got along. We argued like a married couple. But I never in a million years thought that we wouldn’t grow old together, you know?
“He deserved better,” he muttered, as much to himself as the others gathered around the graves.
The five men and women stood in silence, lost in their own thoughts and generally avoiding eye contact with one another. Xander knew the loss he felt but couldn’t imagine what it must be like to lose a friend like Patrick had—someone he had known for longer than Xander had even been alive.
Again, he sought the right words for his parents’ eulogy but nothing came. His mind became a white sheet, completely blank.
Giovanni raised his head and made the sign of the cross over his forehead. Looking toward Xander, he caught the younger man’s gaze.
“Would you like to say anything?”
Xander opened and quickly closed his mouth. He knew he should say something in this moment but nothing was able to break through the blanket draped over his thoughts.
“I…” he said, before stopping. The utterance of that single word opened the floodgates of his emotions. Tears rolled out of his eyes as he looked down at what he knew were the two hollow graves for his parents. They were simple piles of stone, strategically placed until they made a perfect ridge along the middle like an elongated pyramid. No headstones marked the ends of the graves; the larger stones had been too hard to carry from the mainland where the other rocks had been retrieved.
The breeze around them kicked up sharply and angrily, echoing the torrent of emotions rumbling through Xander.
Instead of speaking, Xander raised the lavender in his hand. Stepping forward, he laid a stalk on the peak of each of the stone gravesites before stepping back to Sammy’s side. The young Fire Warrior slipped her hand back into his and he savored her comforting warmth.
“If there’s nothing else,” Giovanni said, “then thank you all for attending today.”
The Italian Wind Warrior turned away, his black ponytail trailing behind him. Thea placed a hand on Patrick’s shoulder and began to step away but stopped when she realized the Irishman wasn’t coming. Patrick’s scowling gaze remained affixed on Sammy.
“Not now,” Thea said harshly, her permanent frown deepening as she stopped beside the redheaded man. “There’ll be time for this later.”
Patrick turned but quickly shrugged off Thea’s guiding hand. He stormed back to the graves and pointed at Sammy.
“She doesn’t belong here,” he said angrily. “This was a sacred event and it didn’t deserve to be sullied by her kind.”
Xander wiped away the tears with a brief swipe of his loose sleeve. 
“Her kind?” he said. “She betrayed ‘her kind’ to save our lives. Giovanni, my grandfather, and I would have all died if it hadn’t been for her.”
“Aye, she did. And for what? Because she loves you? After you’ve known her for only a few weeks? After she already tried to kill you once?”
“So what if she does?”
“She’s a Fire Warrior, you daft bugger. You don’t just stop being a member of your caste. I wouldn’t be surprised if the whole thing was staged just so she could get close enough to kill us all.”
Thea grabbed Patrick’s arm roughly and started pulling him away. “This isn’t the time for this,” Thea said.
“Keep away from us,” Xander yelled.
“Why don’t you tell them the truth, lass? Tell me I’m wrong.”
Thea pulled him away until they both disappeared around the corner of one of the island’s empty houses.
Xander fumed, staring angrily at the retreating Irishman long after he had disappeared from view. When he glanced over at Sammy, she stood with her mouth agape as though still contemplating the right response to all Patrick’s accusations.
Angrily, Xander took her hand and led her away from the funeral.



Xander and Sammy walked in silence.. He shoved his hands in his pockets and frowned deeply. He glanced over at Sammy but she refused to return his gaze. She stared off into the distance as she walked by his side and a faint flush rose to her cheeks.
His stomach churned as his emotions rolled between sadness for his loss, anger at Patrick, and sympathy for the displaced Fire Warrior.
“I’m sorry about what he said back there,” he said, reaching out for her hand. She slipped it into his. “He was way out of line.”
Sammy shook her head and sighed. “We both know he wasn’t. I don’t really belong here. No one actually likes me here. Giovanni and Alicia only tolerate me because of you.”
She squeezed his hand and looked over with tears in her eyes. “Maybe I should just go.”
Xander’s heart dropped in his chest. “No.”
Sammy arched an eyebrow as she waited for him to say more.
Xander stopped walked and turned her toward him. “Sammy, I made the mistake of letting you go once before. I’m not going to do that again.”
He pulled her close and slid his arms around her waist. She leaned in closer and rested her head against his chest.
“Everything that’s happened,” he continued, “has been some crazy whirlwind ride.”
Sammy chortled at his unintentional pun. He felt her shoulders shake with suppressed laughter and forced a smile.
“Laugh if you want but very little about all this makes sense to me. I barely understand my powers. I barely know my aunts and uncles but they all look to me like I’m some prodigy... like I’m supposed to change the world. Right now, you’re the only thing in my life that makes sense. You’re the only thing I actually understand. I can’t do this without you. If you leave, so do I.”
“It’s sad that I’m the only thing that makes sense to you,” she replied, “since I’m the only one here that’s tried to kill you.”
Xander sighed. “Yeah, but at least I know where I stand with you.”
Sammy laughed weakly again. He could still feel the tension in her body and the obvious sadness and indecision that coursed through her.
“Don’t you worry about ‘us’, though?” she asked.
Xander stepped back from her so he could look into her eyes. “What do you mean?”
Sammy tried to smile but the mirth fell far short of her eyes. “Patrick was right about us, too.”
“No, he wasn’t—”
“You just don’t want to admit it to yourself, Xander, but he was,” she replied adamantly. “Think about it. We’re from opposing castes. For God’s sake, I tried to kill you.”
“What do you want me to say?” Xander asked angrily. He didn’t understand where all this was coming from or why she would chose this painful day to bring it all up, but he just wanted the conversation to end.
“I want you to admit that something is off about our relationship,” she said. “I don’t think it’s wrong, exactly, just strange. I spent my entire life training for the sole purpose of eliminating the Wind Warriors and razing the Earth. Yet the second I meet you, I’m willing to throw away the life I knew. And you, you immediately forgave me for attempted murder. I don’t know about you but when we were apart, you were all I thought about; all I thought about after only a couple weeks of knowing each other. I was trained to be physically tough and emotionally distant. You broke through nineteen years of training in an hour.”
“Maybe love makes us do strange things,” he replied flatly.
“Is that it, Xander?” Sammy grabbed his hand and squeezed it, the entire time her eyes never leaving his. “Can you honestly tell me right now that you love me?”
He wanted to tell her he did but those words had never come easily for him. He finally shrugged. “I don’t know if it’s really love or not. But I do know that Patrick isn’t right. We have something special. Call it an infatuation or an obsession. Call it whatever you want. I don’t really care what we call it, so long as we’re together.”
Sammy looked away and turned toward the sea wall surrounding the island. He stood behind her and lost himself in the wave of curls that fell from her pinned-up hair.
Xander was surprised when he heard Sammy laugh. It was a nervous laugh. “God, we’re so messed up. What kind of future can we possibly have together?”
He hadn’t lied to her when he said he didn’t know if it was love between them. What he did know was that now that she was in his life, he couldn’t imagine how he survived without her. Maybe that made him blind to the truth. At this point, with so much loss, he just didn’t care if he was blind, just so long as he didn’t lose her as well.
Xander slipped an arm around her waist and pulled her to him. She rested her back against his chest and they stared at the glistening waterspout. 
“Whatever future we want,” he finally replied. “I’m not saying it’s going to be easy but the feelings I have for you aren’t suddenly going to go away.
“Patrick wasn’t right, no matter what doubts you might have in your mind,” he reiterated. “If he wants to force you off the island, he needs to be ready for me to go as well. You’re stuck with me. Where you go, I go.” 
Sammy turned back to him, her face streaked with tears. “You’re a good man, Xander Sirocco. I hope you know what you’re getting yourself into.”
“We’re going to find out… together.”
She stepped into him and buried her face in his chest once more. Xander smiled and leaned forward, kissing her softly on her perfectly coifed hair.
“Do you have plans for the rest of the day?” he asked.
“You’re stuck with me, too,” she replied. “I go where you go.” 
“Then there’s someone we need to go see.”



They walked down one of the cobblestone streets that led off from the central dome of the island. The roads were all laid out like the spokes of a wheel, converging at the rounded building. The dome towered over the nearby structures, reaching four stories into the air at its pinnacle. It was large enough to house the city hall building of White Halls but it was inhabited by only a single man: his uncle Robert.
Xander had only seen Robert once before. The man had a destitute appearance; his long hair and unkempt beard accentuated his pasty complexion. He was cared for by the other aunts and uncles, since he was unable to leave the cushioned seat on which he rested.
Robert controlled the waterspout that surrounded the island. His unconscious mind kept it aloft even during his sleeping hours. Likewise, he kept the island floating hundreds of feet above the surface of the ocean below. His task was repetitive but necessary. Keeping the island so high in the air ensured any Fire Warriors that sailed nearby couldn’t detect his outpouring of elemental power, since the elemental wielders could only detect the individual, not the result of their power.
Xander and Sammy turned before they reached the dome and walked to one of the more squat outlying buildings. A thin tarp had been pulled across the entryway, keeping out the misting rain and glaring sun but letting through the day’s cool breeze.
Alicia stood in front of the thin veil, smiling at the approaching young lovers. Deep wrinkles carved across the surface of her face and deepened considerably as she smiled. Her back was slightly stooped from age and her silver hair was pinned up into a loose bun on the top of her head. She looked grandmotherly, though Xander knew her looks were very deceptive. As one of the last Wind Warriors, she wielded considerable abilities.
“How is he?” Xander asked matter-of-factly.
“He’s as good as can be expected,” Alicia replied. “He’s still sleeping.”
Xander frowned. Though she called it sleeping, he knew his grandfather was actually unconscious, as he’d been ever since being attacked by General Abraxas.
“Should we come back another time, then?” he asked. “I don’t want to wake him up.”
Alicia shook her head. “You don’t need to worry about waking him up. It’s better that you come to see him.”
She pulled the cloth tarp aside, revealing the cool darkness of the one-room building. Xander looked to Sammy, who only shook her head and gestured for him to go inside. She knew as well as Xander did that this was something he needed to do without her.
Xander stepped past Alicia and was swallowed by the deep shadows in the room. His eyes strained to adjust to the dim light; a single lantern was the only light source in the room. As his eyes came into focus, he saw his grandfather lying on the room’s sole bed.
The elder man’s chest rose and fell unevenly as he clearly struggled for breath. The left side of his face and part of his exposed left arm were heavily bandaged in white linen but Xander could see spots of red and yellow, as the fresh burns oozed through the wrapping.
Xander fought the urge to throw up. The emotional turmoil within him reached an apex as he stared at the man he had loved his entire life. His grandfather had lived with him and his parents since he was a child. Though Xander had never known the Wind Warrior secret his grandfather had harbored, he had always shared a special kinship with the old man. To see him injured and—though Xander was loathed to admit it—dying on the bed left an unending ache in his chest.
Alicia closed the tarp behind her as she followed him into the room. She moved wordlessly past Xander and retrieved a bowl of water from a nearby table. Dipping a rag into the cool water, she patted his grandfather’s forehead.
“How… how is he?” Xander stammered.
Alicia looked up at him and smiled meekly. “He’s dying, Xander. He’s a strong man, one of the strongest among us, but he’s old just like the rest of us, too. His body just can’t take abuse like this.”
Looking around, Xander found a chair nearby. He pulled it over to the bedside and sat down heavily. Reaching out, he took his grandfather’s uninjured hand and squeezed it tightly.
“There has to be something we can do,” he whispered, without looking up at his aunt. “Take him to a hospital or something. There’s a really good burn hospital in Texas, I think.”
Alicia shook her head sadly. “If it were an option, we would have done it. He’s just too weak. He’d never survive the flight. To be honest, I’m surprised he made it all the way here. He’s obviously holding on for something important. I’m assuming that something is you.”
Xander leaned his head forward and rested it on his grandfather’s arm. He squeezed his eyes shut tightly as a tear rolled off his eyelashes and fell to the floor.
“You guys keep saying that,” he muttered. “I’m not special. I’m just a kid trying not to lose the only family member he has left.”
He didn’t hear Alicia move from the far side of the bed but she placed a compassionate hand on his back.
“You are special, Xander. There’s a reason you were chosen to be a Wind Warrior when it seemed like our time was done. Even if you don’t believe in yourself, you’ve ignited something in the rest of us that we all thought had died. You’ve given us hope for the future, not just our own but all of humanity’s.”
Xander lifted his head and turned it toward his aunt. “You may believe that but the rest of them are still ready to lie down and die.”
“Give them time,” she replied. “They’ll come around.”
“We don’t have time. The Fire Warriors are coming for us.”
Alicia sighed and retrieved a second chair. She placed it next to his and sat down so they were eye level with one another. 
“Xander, dear, you have to remember that we’re old and stubborn. We’ve been Wind Warriors for decades now. We became warriors back in a time where there were literally hundreds of us living on this island alone, and we were only one clan of many throughout the world. Over the years, we’ve watched our loved ones, our friends, and our fellow warriors die of old age. We’ve seen so many of our kind simply fly back to their homes to live out their days alone. And all because we knew our time was coming to an end. We spent so much time being Wind Warriors that we never stopped to consider starting families. And those of us who did start families never had our children activate.”
Xander was surprised to see her reach up and wipe away a tear. He’d been so saddened by his own loss that he had trouble remembering how painful this must be for everyone else.
“We all knew the signs,” she continued. “Our time was coming to an end. That was probably the most painful thing of all. We knew what it meant when we were gone. It meant that nature had decided humanity wasn’t a good fit for the Earth any longer. It meant that… that it was time to wipe the slate clean and start again.”
Xander sat in silence, letting the weight of that realization sink in. He remembered how surprised he had been when he found out what would happen when the Fire Warriors rose to power. He couldn’t imagine what it must have been like to have that realization while actively a Wind Warrior; to realize that the world had suddenly decided you were obsolete.
“Then why didn’t you fight back?” he asked. “Why didn’t you do everything you could to stop the Fire Warriors?”
Alicia laughed softly. “Oh child, you sound so much like your grandfather. That’s exactly why he became our leader.”
Xander frowned at the implication. “So you did fight back? But it didn’t work, did it?”
“Humanity had progressed too far beyond our help. We were its spiritual guides but humanity no longer had a need for spirituality. The world prayed to technology and cared less and less about its impact on the world around it.”
She stood and moved her chair back against the wall. “You have to appreciate that we’ve had years to realize that we were going to die and no Wind Warriors would take our place. I guess, eventually, we just gave up trying. That’s why you’re getting so much resistance from the others. They were content thinking that this was the end for them. They were resolved in the thought that they were going to die and there wasn’t anything they could do to change the world for the better.
“And then you came along. You’re giving them hope, but that hope has to break through some pretty resistant barriers.”
She slipped her hand under his arm and helped him to his feet. “Just don’t stop trying, okay? Give us a chance and we won’t let you down. It’s what he would have wanted, out of you and out of us.”
Xander looked over at his grandfather before turning back to Alicia. He wrapped his arms around the elderly woman and pulled her into a tight embrace.
“Thank you,” he whispered.
“My pleasure, dear,” she replied as he released her.
Xander looked back at his grandfather once again, taking in the sorrowful image of the wounded man. He hated to see the older Wind Warrior that way and just wished there was something he could do to make him better.
“Promise me you’ll let me know as soon as he wakes up,” he told his aunt.
Alicia nodded. “On my honor.”
Xander nodded and walked back out through the draped tarp. He had to squint momentarily as he was assaulted by the glaring sunlight. As his eyes cleared, he saw Sammy watching him intently from beside the doorway.
“How did it go?” she asked pensively.
Xander managed a faint smile. “It went well.”
“So where do we go from here?”
“I’m going to fight back,” he said sternly, finding a strength in his voice he hadn’t heard in a while. “I’m going to train and I’m going to convince the other aunts and uncles to help me.”
Sammy stepped up beside him, a beaming smile on her face. “I’m so glad to hear it. There’s something I didn’t tell you before but I think you need to hear it now. You’re something special—”
“Don’t you start with that, too,” he interrupted.
Sammy shook her head. “I’m serious. You told me before that you didn’t see the point in fighting since one Fire Warrior did so much damage. But that Fire Warrior was one of the strongest and deadliest I’d ever seen. And you’re fighting at a disadvantage since your caste was created only to bolster our abilities. But when you and General Abraxas faced off, he threw some of the most powerful fire attacks I’d ever seen and you stood your ground. You were able to tap some reserve of power, even without any real training.”
Xander felt a hollowness inside of him that wasn’t related to his depression. He remembered the fight with Abraxas and the power that flowed through him, how it seemed to pull from his very soul as it poured from his body. Could Sammy be right about him? Could they all be right?
“Great,” he said, “now I just need to convince all the others.”
Sammy cringed as she looked over his shoulder. “Looks like you’re about to have your chance.”
Xander looked over his shoulder and sighed heavily. Of all the people to approach, Thea was probably his last choice. The stern Wind Warrior looked set to walk past him when he stepped into her path.
Thea arched an eyebrow, expressing her displeasure. “Yes?”
Xander took a deep breath. “I want you to train me.”
“We tried that already,” she replied curtly. “You’re not very good. And frankly, I don’t have the time right now.”
She pushed her way past him, glowering at Sammy as she went.
“Please,” Xander called after her.
Thea stopped. She turned sharply on her heel and stared at the young man. “Why should I?”
He swallowed the hard lump in his throat. He looked at Sammy from the corner of his eye but she was staring off into the distance, either oblivious to the conversation or not eager to get involved.
“Because I want to make a difference.”
“Like you did with Bart?” she retorted.
Her words stung far worse than if she had struck him. He took a step back but kept his gaze locked on Thea.
“No, not like Bart,” he replied softly. “But because of him. And because of my grandfather. And… and because of my parents. And because of the billions of other people on this planet who are all in danger right now. Because if I don’t do something—if we don’t do something—they’re all going to die. The Fire Warriors are going to cleanse the world so it can start again. And I don’t know about you, but I’m not ready to lie down and die just yet.”
Thea stood tall but he could see her resolve faltering in her gaze.
“Did you ever have children?” he asked.
Thea’s hard gaze quickly returned before she shook her head. “No.”
“But you did have family, right?” He didn’t wait for her response. “Parents, of course, and maybe some siblings. Maybe even some nieces and nephews?”
He could see his words cutting through her rough exterior.
“I know you don’t like me and you don’t want to help me, if you can avoid it. And I know you don’t like Sammy. If you won’t do it for me, though, then do it for all the family of yours that probably still exist out there, all your family that’s still in danger.”
He took a step forward and was surprised when she didn’t back away. “I don’t know if we can actually stop the Fire Warriors but I’m sure not going to give up without a fight. Will you help me?”
Xander could see her jaw muscles clenching and unclenching as she considered her options. Finally, she nodded sharply.
“Meet me in the courtyard in fifteen minutes,” she said before turning away.
As she walked away, she called over her shoulder, “And Xander, you won’t enjoy this.”
Xander didn’t care about her thinly veiled threat. He smiled broadly as he turned back to Sammy.
Sammy didn’t meet his gaze. She stared past him in the direction of the retreating Thea. He glanced over his shoulder quickly to make sure Thea wasn’t giving Sammy a sour look but only saw the back of her as the older Wind Warrior walked away.
He turned back to the Fire Warrior. “Sammy? Earth to Sammy.”
Sammy blinked hard as her eyes came back into focus. Reaching up, she wiped away a thin sheen of sweat from her forehead.
“Sorry,” she said before coughing politely. “I was off in my own little world.”
Xander couldn’t blame her for wanting to avoid any confrontation with Thea. Only Patrick would have been a more unpleasant encounter.
“Thea’s going to train me again. Do you want to come with me?”
Sammy smiled weakly. “I’ll be there in a little bit. You go on ahead.”
Xander nodded and stepped forward. Pulling her close, he kissed her gently on the forehead, feeling the heat that radiated from her skin.
“I’ll see you soon,” he said before hurrying away.

Sammy watched Xander disappear around a building before turning her gaze back to the wall of water that surrounded the island. She knew Xander assumed Thea distracted her. She only wished it were that simple.
Hovering behind the curtain of water, a giant reptilian eye looked down on the island and stared intently at the wayward Fire Warrior. Sammy shrunk from its gaze and felt her temperature rising, as though her skin would burst into flames at any moment.
She had seen that eye in a hidden chamber behind her father’s throne room. It had frightened her so badly then that she had fled, never looking back. Despite knowing the threat it posed, she hadn’t seen it again outside of her dreams since. To see it hovering behind the water left her heart pounding in her chest.
Sammy was so intent on watching the eye that she didn’t hear the tarp being pulled aside behind her.
Alicia stepped into the bright light and stared at Sammy. The elderly woman followed her gaze toward the wall of water and furrowed her brow in confusion.
“Is everything alright, dear?” she asked, turning back to Sammy.
Sammy jumped and let out a slight scream of surprise. She looked to Alicia just as the grandmotherly Wind Warrior looked back at the waterspout. Despite looking directly at the spot where Sammy had seen the eye, she clearly didn’t see anything out of the ordinary.
Sammy nodded and looked back to Alicia with what she hoped was a disarming smile. “I’m fine. It’s just been a really long day, you know? I probably just need to go rest for a little while.”
Alicia smiled. “It’s been a hard day on all of us, love. Why don’t you go lie down for a while? Let me know if you need anything at all.”
“Thanks, Alicia.”
The older woman disappeared back inside and Sammy exhaled a breath she didn’t realize she’d been holding.
Turning back toward the waterspout, the eye was gone.




The people that helped me put this book together are practically too numerous to mention.  A tip of my hat goes to Josh, who will always hold the title of “my first fan”.  He, Amanda, Matt, and Justin read my works when I was nothing more than a hobbyist and have stuck with me ever since.
More recently, heartfelt gratitude has to go out to my amazing editor, Cynthia Shepp.  Without you, I’d still be using, what I would consider, to be far, too, many, commas.
I think the greatest amount of gratitude has to be extended to the amazing ladies that run Clean Teen Publishing: Rebecca, Courtney, Dyan, and Marya.  This book was only written on a whim as part of one of their anthology competitions.  They read my novella and saw the potential for a true series.  They were willing to take a risk on me and I can only hope I can repay their kindness.  And from the marketing, web design, advertising, and cover artwork, they’ve been nothing less than amazing.
Finally, I wanted to say thank you to all my fellow indie authors, of which you really ARE too numerous to name.  They’ve listened to my story lines and helped me work through troubling story arcs.  They’ve cheered my successes when so many others were willing to put down my accomplishments.  I can only hope I can stand by each of their sides as they cheer their own successes.





Jon Messenger, born 1979 in London, England, serves as a United States Army Major in the Medical Service Corps.  Since graduating from the University of Southern California in 2002, writing Science Fiction has remained his passion, a passion that has continued through two deployments to Iraq and a humanitarian relief mission to Haiti.  Jon wrote the "Brink of Distinction" trilogy, of which "Burden of Sisyphus" is the first book, while serving a 16-month deployment in Baghdad, Iraq.  Visit Jon on his website at http://www.JonMessengerAuthor.com. 


Promotional Chapters










For more information about our content disclosure,
please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com





Dad twisted away from the steering wheel and glared, the veins in his leathery neck and temple bulging. 
“You can’t keep carrying on about it, Shane,” he yelled. “She’s dead! That’s the short and sweet.”
“Bill! Look where you’re going!” Jackie, his dad’s girlfriend, put one hand on the roof and one on the dash, bracing for a collision.
Spinning forward, Dad jerked the wheel. The tires screeched, and the car veered into its lane. Shane’s six-foot-tall body whipped hard to the left, and then right, his head slamming into the upper part of the doorframe with a loud thunk. A lifted four-wheel drive almost flattened the ancient station wagon. It swerved toward the opposite shoulder, roaring by with its horn blaring and the driver hanging his finger out at them. Cursing and rubbing the lump growing on the side of his skull, Shane almost wished the truck had put him out of his misery.
By the time Dad got his window down and hurled a mouthful of slurred insults back at the truck, it was already a quarter mile down the road. 
“Such a tough guy,” Shane muttered under his breath. 
“What did you say, boy?” Dad shouted, his knuckles white from gripping the steering wheel so hard. At least this time, he kept his eyes forward.
“Nothing,” Shane replied and looked out at the rolling hills covered in brown fescue, pastures separated by stands of twisted pine trees and rusting barbwire.
Jackie lit a Virginia Slim with trembling hands. She took a deep drag and rolled her window down a crack to pull out some of the disgusting smoke. 
“You have got to be the worst driver alive,” she seethed between puffs. 
“Well, it’s that one’s fault,” Dad retorted with a defensive whine in his tone, like he always did when she laid into him. Pointing his thumb at the backseat, he glared at Shane in the rearview mirror, the car drifting across the centerline again. “You still cry’n?” 
Shane was, but it wasn’t like he sobbed inconsolably. Silent tears clung in his eyes for two very good reasons. One—Shane loved Granny. She was the sanest person in his jacked-up family. She had always been there when he needed a place to run to, a place where he could find a minute of peace. And now she was gone. It felt like a round bale of hay—those big ones full of moldy thistle they fed to cattle—sat on his chest. Reason two—Shane’s boiling anger towards his dad made him want to punch something. With each passing moment, the pressure of his bottled-up rage increased. Dad getting drunk and being a prick to him in private was one thing. Spewing so much crap about Granny at the reception—for that, he deserved to have his nose busted. And he didn’t even have the decency to wear a suit to the funeral, showing up in his greasy, blue work Dickies with his stupid name above the shirt pocket. 
Dad slammed on the brakes and swerved off onto the shoulder. Gravel tinged against the corroded bottom of the musty, old car, and a cloud of dust engulfed it as it skidded to a halt. He jumped out and ran around the front to get to Shane’s door, leaning over so he could glower at him the whole way. He pulled it open so hard that it was a miracle it didn’t come off its creaking, thirty-year-old hinges.  
“Get the hell out!”
Shane stared up at him, unsure how to proceed. 
“I said get out, damn it,” Dad repeated, spittle flying from his mouth. “I won’t have a sixteen-year-old boy bawl’n like a little girl all the way home. Man up or walk.”
Too much wine had left Dad’s teeth and lips stained red, and Shane could smell the alcohol, even over the foul stench of Jackie’s cigarette. His aunt had whispered an apology to Shane at the funeral reception, saying she’d only put wine out because she didn’t think his dad would drink it. What she didn’t realize was Dad had become such a raging alcoholic that he would’ve drunk turpentine if it were on the table. 
His father’s eyes widened, and his fists balled up. Shane thought he would grab him and try to drag him from the car. 
“You know what?” Shane shouted. Gritting his teeth, he climbed out. He had grown a lot in the last two years; he wasn’t the little boy scared of the big man anymore. Speaking quieter, Shane put all the meanness he could into each word, “I hate your stupid car.”
Standing there with his arms crossed over his chest, Shane stared down at his father’s sunburned baldhead. Dad pulled his oil-stained hand away from the door and straightened up in an obvious attempt to be taller. He huffed, his breath smelling like another DUI in the making. 
Was he daring Shane to hit him? Why not? It might do him some good, Shane thought. And if he could knock him out, he’d be keeping him from driving drunk. It’d be a community service. 
Dad leaned back. The whiskers of his thick, red-and-gray mustache pulled down on the sides and twitched. The muscles in his forearms, swollen from twenty years of work as a mechanic, rippled. His big, scarred knuckles protruded outward as his fists clenched tighter. Shane braced himself. He’d taken a thousand hits on the football field; he could handle one from this old man.
“Don’t come home ‘til you’re done blubber’n,” Dad growled with faltering bravado. 
“I wasn’t planning on it,” Shane replied, slamming the door so hard the car’s decrepit suspension complained with loud, reverberating squeaks. 
Dad hesitated and then he pivoted away, stomping back around the front of the car. He hopped in and must’ve floored the accelerator, because the engine groaned for a moment, threatening to stall. With a noxious puff of black exhaust, it roared to life and spun the rear tires in the dusty gravel on the side of the road. 
Shane turned away and covered his face just in time. Once the rocks stopped pelting him, he picked one up and threw it with all his strength at the smoke and dirt cloud into which the car disappeared. Dust stinging his eyes and nose, he stumbled away from the road to get out of the choking plume and fell. Rolling to a stop at the bottom of the ditch, he lay there on his back in his Sunday finest. 
Granny bought him the black suit to wear on special occasions, getting it a little on the big side so he’d get use out of it for a few years. She’d be sad to see it abused like this. It upset Shane something fierce. He felt more important when he wore the suit, felt like he was going places, like he could escape Loserville and see the world. Of course his dad had to ruin it, just like he ruined everything else.
After Shane calmed down and caught his breath, he decided it felt good just to lie there on the cool ground for a minute. Granny had always loved dirt, saying it strengthened her connection to God when she touched it. She liked to walk barefoot around her small garden where she grew most of her food. He remembered sitting next to her on the strip of grass that grew down the center, listening to crickets and counting the stars. How could he have known Saturday was the last time he’d ever get to do that with her, that she’d be dead two days later?
Biting the side of his tongue and rubbing his nose, Shane suppressed the tears. Granny was in a box, in the dirt, and there wasn’t jack he could do about it. The idea of being buried after he died gave Shane the heebie-jeebies, but it didn’t bother Granny. On that last night, sitting in the yard, she said she didn’t even need a coffin, that she’d rather have the cool soil right up against her skin. It was like she knew she’d die soon, even though she seemed more fit than Shane at the time. 
Against Granny’s wishes, his aunt flew in from New York, bought the finest box she could afford, and spent a mint on the reception. He knew it was just her way of doing something nice for Granny, but he wished she hadn’t provided booze. Dad wouldn’t have acted like such an idiot if it weren’t for the wine. In this small town, it seemed everyone knew everything about everyone else. Shane expected the commotion Dad created would be popular gossip for the next few months. 
Before, when Dad was being a jerk, Shane would go to Granny’s house. She’d feed him some fried green tomatoes and buttermilk biscuits the size of a cat’s head, or sometimes a fresh cucumber sandwich, and listen to him vent until he’d calmed down. Then he’d help her in the garden or they’d play board games, until Dad sobered up and called sounding all apologetic, on the downside of one of his rollercoaster rides. 
Standing up and making a futile attempt at brushing his suit clean, Shane wished he could go to Granny now. The smoldering heat called for a few glasses of her sweet iced tea. He took off his jacket and his light blue, clip-on tie and hung them over his arm, cursing at the sight of a tear in the left sleeve. 
He’d been dropped off in front of a creepy, kudzu-covered lot. The vines blanketed a deserted structure so completely that he couldn’t tell if it was a house or a barn. The kudzu also engulfed a couple of trees, making them look like giant, green ghosts looming on either side of the unidentifiable building, warning all to stay clear. Shane heard a long time ago that the stuff grew a foot a day. He could almost sense the creepers stretching out toward him, wanting to entangle and strangle him. A hot breeze rustled the kudzu’s broad, dusty leaves, and it sounded like the wicked plant was hissing at him. In a hurry to get away from the desolate lot, he started down the side of the pothole-riddled road, heading in the opposite direction Dad had gone. 
Might as well stop by Granny’s, he decided. There was nowhere else to go. Regular clothes and shoes awaited him there. And he reckoned the fridge still harbored a pitcher of sweet tea. Tears welled up in his eyes knowing she wouldn’t be there, and his heart ached realizing how lonely her little, white cottage would feel. An image of her vacant property ten years from now, swallowed by the kudzu, struck him. The thought made his skin crawl and the knots in his gut cinch tighter.     





After the scorching August sun passed its peak, it shined directly into Shane’s eyes, making him squint so hard his face hurt. Perspiration soaked his white, button-down shirt and rolled down his cheeks in little streams. The muggy heat demanded shorts and a T-shirt, and the thick, black slacks made his legs feel like two suckling pigs being slow roasted in a barbeque pit. Sweat drenched his stiff, leather dress shoes as well, and his useless polyester socks kept sliding down into them. 
Within ten minutes, painful blisters swelled up on Shane’s ankles. He stopped in the shade of an old oak tree growing in an empty field alongside the road, its gnarled branches reaching well across the fence. Four miserable miles stood between him and Granny’s house, an easier walk if he had his sneakers and if he knew she’d be there to greet him. 
He settled on a large clump of grass, crossed his arms over his knees, and rested his head on them. Closing his tired eyes, he contemplated hiding under the protection of the oak for the rest of the day. If he sat there long enough, the sun would be lower, and it would cool a bit. But the low, drawn-out rumble of thunder off in the distance warned he’d better keep moving. They’d had a lightning storm every afternoon for the last month, typical for North Georgia in the late summer. The rain would feel good, but he doubted his slacks and dress shoes would be any easier to walk in for it. And he didn’t relish the idea of being struck by lightning, a likely occurrence if he stayed out here in the open and even more probable if he sat under the tree for too long.
An ominous humming caught his attention, and Shane looked up to see a beach-ball-size hornets’ nest engulfing several branches about ten-feet overhead. The black-and-gold hornets were three times as big as a normal wasp, and they looked angry, buzzing around as if someone had thrown a rock at them. Shane stiffened. He’d been stung by one of the massive insects once when he was little, and it had left a welt as big as a golf ball on his arm that took weeks to heal. He slowly rose to a crouch and slipped out of the shade of the tree, not daring to breathe until he was twenty feet away. Once he no longer heard the threatening drone of their beating wings, he stopped and glanced back. 
They acted crazy agitated, swarming around the oak’s canopy in a threatening way. A stray one buzzed past his ear and he ducked, then turned and hurried down the road, not risking another look. 
After a few minutes, the adrenaline wore off, and the heat made Shane worry less about the hornets. His pace slackened. He gave up on walking on the gravelly shoulder, finding limited relief for his blistered ankles on the flat surface of the asphalt. Shane raised his hand, attempting to shield his face from the blistering sun, though even more heat seemed to be reflecting off the blacktop. 
A sudden roar came from behind him, accompanied by the blare of an air horn. Shane leapt off the road onto the shoulder, hurdled over the ditch, and then landed next to the fence. A semi loaded with ill-fated chickens barreled by in a blast of wind, no doubt headed for the processing plant. It disappeared around the corner, leaving the grass dancing and little, white feathers floating down in the black diesel smoke of its wake. 
Shane’s pulse raced from the near miss. In his rush to get out of the big rig’s way, he’d almost fallen onto the heavy gage electric fence containing the Douglas’ pasture. Down the hill, he saw the cattle stampeding around in a peculiar way. Usually, during this hottest part of the day, they would find shelter under a tree or wade in the stagnant water of their pond. Instead, they ran in wide circles as though a pack of wild mutts nipped at their heels, but he didn’t hear any barking and couldn’t see a single dog. They came up the hill and charged at the thick, aluminum cables of the fence, heading straight for Shane with such fury that he expected they would plow through it and trample him. He tensed, ready to sprint across the road and jump in the opposite ditch, but the cattle changed direction abruptly and headed the other way, down the hill toward the barns. 
Stunned, Shane watched the herd rumble away. He figured a few would die of heatstroke if someone didn’t calm them soon. Because Kelly Douglas—the hottest girl in the twelfth grade and his future wife when hogs learned to fly—might answer, he entertained the temptation to go down to the palatial farmhouse and knock on the door to offer his assistance. A glance at his sweaty, dirt-covered clothing made him decide against it. He’d have to make the varsity team before he’d have a chance with Kelly anyway. Not to mention, it was unlikely she’d give a junior the time of day. And there wasn’t much he could do to help with the cattle dressed like this. 
Thunder boomed, and mountainous purple clouds moved in from the west. The wind started to blow harder, and he hurried down the road with more haste. The approaching storm must’ve been putting the cattle on edge. Shane knew that sometimes animals acted rash before a tornado struck. The notion of being stranded outside in a twister put even more speed in his pace. 
Not more than ten minutes had passed before a rustling sound in the deep grass on the left side of the road startled Shane again. Hundreds of rats leapt out of the ditch and scampered onto the scorched asphalt a few feet in front of him, stopping his progress. They paused in unison and all turned their beady eyes toward him, raising their noses and twitching their whiskers as if to smell him. A sudden rush of fear caused him to freeze. Before he had a chance to take a step back from the abnormally bold rodents, they continued on, vanishing as quickly as they appeared into the cornfield on the other side of the road. Angry hornets, stampeding cattle, and now this—one heck of a storm was surely brewing. Or, he feared, the heat was getting to him, and he was starting to hallucinate. 
The sky took on a light green hue, a sickly color that preceded really nasty weather. With a mile and a half to go until he made it to Granny’s house, Shane started a limping sort of jog, knowing he’d better get into her cellar soon or he could be in big trouble. Sharp pain exploded in his feet and ankles with each step, and he expected half of the moisture in his shoes might be blood. He didn’t dare stop and look, knowing the pain would only get worse once he exposed his ruptured blisters to air.
The sound of an engine downshifting behind him made him run off onto the shoulder. The car’s horn beeped, and he turned to see his aunt’s rental slowing down as it approached. Relief flooded through him, and his legs suddenly felt too rubbery to keep him upright.
“What in heaven’s name are you doing out here?” his aunt asked once she came alongside him. Her eyes were red and moist, likely from crying over her mother’s death.
“Dad kicked me out,” he replied, immediately wishing he’d lied and said he just thought it was a nice day for a stroll.
“Oh Shane, I’m sorry to hear that,” she said with an unsurprised, though compassionate tone. Smiling kindly, she had the decency not to pursue the issue. “You’d better get in, looks like we’re in for some inclement weather.”
“It does, don’t it?” he said, rushing around to the passenger side. 
“Where are you heading?” she asked once he’d climbed into the car and buckled his seatbelt. She didn’t have the thick, southern accent everyone else Shane knew did, having escaped hickville to go to Yale just after she’d graduated from high school. She sounded so proper and intelligent to him.
“Granny’s,” he replied, leaning closer to the air conditioning vent and peeling the saturated, button-down shirt away from his chest to dry it. 
His aunt gazed thoughtfully at him for a long moment, her sad, brown eyes so much like his mother’s that it made his chest ache. “That’s where I was going too.” She shifted the car into gear. “I have to help settle her estate before I return to New York.” 
It was hard not to stare at his aunt while she drove; she reminded him so much of his mom. She had the same wavy, black hair, pointed nose, and always-tan skin. But his aunt had a more sophisticated and well-traveled air about her. Shane had always been in awe of her and found it hard to talk to her because he felt ignorant and backwoods in her presence. Wisps of gray twisted through her hair now that he didn’t remember seeing when she visited last Christmas. He wondered if his mother would have some too if she were still around—though his aunt was two years older than his mom, who would’ve been forty-five this year.
She glanced over, and he looked out the window. His mother’s death still hurt like it happened yesterday. Adding the pain from losing Granny made him expect he’d never smile again. How the heck do people ever get over stuff like this? he wondered. Maybe they never did. Maybe they just acted like they did because it was what was expected. 
The car weaved through the curviest part of Rural Route 2. He always felt a little carsick when he passed through here.
“You’ve grown so much since the last time I saw you,” she said. “You look just like your grandfather.” 
It was a nice compliment; the pictures he’d seen of the wiry Green Beret soldier impressed him. Granny said he was a stern man who didn’t smile much, and Shane reckoned his grandfather must’ve seen some things in the wars he’d fought that would kill the joy in anyone.
“He was tall, with a darker complexion too. You have his brown eyes and his dimpled chin.” She retrieved a green, glass bottle from the center console and took a sip of water from it, and then offered it to him. “Good thing. Not to sound rude, but I never thought your dad was overly handsome.”
“It’s okay,” Shane replied, graciously accepting the bottle. “I’d have to agree with you. Dad’s not much of a looker.” The carbonated water tasted bitter, but he was parched. Not wanting to look unsophisticated, he tried not to grimace after taking a sip.  
He wished he had met his grandfather. Granny told Shane lots of stories about him. He was a real, live war hero—had even won the Congressional Medal of Honor in Vietnam. 
“It must be hard for you, losing your mom and now Granny,” his aunt said distantly. 
Tears flooded Shane’s eyes again. He nodded and looked out of the window, so his aunt couldn’t see his face. He was used to being strong and stoic around everyone except his grandmother, and his aunt’s pity made him uncomfortable. 
“You know I’m always here for you if you want to talk,” she said. “You can call me anytime.”
“Thanks,” Shane replied. 
He wished he could talk to her, now more than ever before, but he couldn’t relax around his aunt, no matter how hard he tried. The closest they’d ever been was that night in the hospital, when his mom passed. Since then, he and his aunt hadn’t really bonded. Loneliness settled over him, a dark cloud pressing him down into his seat.
His aunt chuckled. “Remember that time when—” She cursed and slammed on the brakes, turning the wheel hard to the left. 
Shane glanced up at a fat dairy cow standing in the middle of the road. The little rental car’s tires screeched, and it slid at an angle toward the animal. The car slammed into the cow with a sickening thud and a metallic crunching sound. Split seconds seemed long as minutes, and the hood pressed into the animal. Then, its soft belly rebounded as the sharp metal made an incision. Shockwaves emanated from the impact, rippling across the flesh of the cow’s hip and shoulder. Its head whipped toward the car, and then away, its dark, blue-black eye wide with shock. The hood folded as Shane’s face approached the windshield. Time made a sudden return to the normal pace, and the seatbelt punched into his chest. The airbag exploded with the sound of a shotgun going off, smashing Shane back into his seat. 




“Oh my God,” his aunt gasped. She looked over at Shane. “Are you okay?”
“I think so,” he replied hoarsely, having trouble getting air. “But your nose is bleeding.”
She wiped it and studied the blood on the back of her hand, stunned. Her eyes widened, and her tan skin turned whiter than he’d ever seen it. 
“Here,” Shane said, handing her the handkerchief he had stuffed in his inside jacket pocket. 
She held it to her nose, and they climbed out. Blood covered the car’s crumpled front end. Jagged bits of bone, burst organs, and shredded meat lay in a quivering pile entangled in the front bumper. Shane stared down at the twisted carnage, his body shivering from the shock of the accident. What was left of the cow’s legs twitched, and its mouth opened and closed like it struggled to take a breath.
His aunt had her phone out. “I’m calling 911,” she said frantically, turning her back to the wreck. The howling wind whipped her hair into a rat’s nest and made it hard for Shane to hear her.
Shane couldn’t stop looking at the dying cow. He wanted to do something to help but didn’t know where to start. Its crimson blood flowed across the hot asphalt toward him, mixing with neon-green radiator fluid trickling out of the car. He inched back so it wouldn’t get on his dusty, leather dress shoes.
“Come on, come on,” his aunt said, “why isn’t anyone answering?”
It may have been a minute or five before the cow stopped trying to live and lay still. But to Shane, watching and imagining how much suffering the poor animal was enduring, it seemed like a torturous eternity. Pacing back and forth on the other side of the car, his aunt dialed again and held the phone to her ear. Shane tore his eyes away from the dead animal. The metallic smell of blood mixed with the chemically smell of the car’s fluids started his head spinning. He stumbled to the rear of the car and put his hand on the trunk. Leaning over so he wouldn’t get any on his clothes, he waited for the vomit to come up. 
“Are you sure you’re okay, sweetie?” His aunt walked around and put a trembling hand on his shoulder, the other still holding the phone to her ear. Her voice had a hysterical pitch, like she was about to lose control.
“Yeah,” Shane lied. Too dizzy to stand, he squatted down. The hot, tar smell rising from the asphalt didn’t help his nausea. “I’m fine. Just a little shaken up.”
“911 isn’t answering,” she said worriedly. “I’ve tried three times, and it just keeps ringing and ringing.”
“Maybe we should call the police station directly,” Shane suggested, pulling out his phone.
“You have the number?” she asked, incredulous.
“Granny made me put all the emergency numbers in my phone,” he replied. 
“Sounds like her,” she said with a weak grin and leaned back against the car’s trunk, putting his handkerchief up to her nose. 
Shane dialed the number for the police. After twenty rings and no answer, he tried the fire department. No one there either.
“That’s so odd.” His aunt crossed her arms over her chest and hunched forward, looking ill.
“A tornado might’ve struck town,” Shane said, studying the horizon to the west. The sky was still the eerie lime color, and the wind blew even harder now.
“You may be right. We should get to Granny’s house.” His aunt surveyed the front of the car, its tires twisted out at opposite angles. “I don’t think we’ll be able to drive.”
“It’s only about a half mile from here,” Shane replied, trying to keep his eyes from drifting back down to the twisted carnage. “We can walk.” 
He hooked his arm through his aunt’s. They started down the road, leaning forward and shielding their faces against the dirt and dust the wind whipped up. She looked so awkward and delicate with her fancy, black dress, high heels, and expensive purse tucked under her arm. Being a city person, she seemed as skittish and out of place here in the middle of nowhere as a horse in a henhouse.  
They passed the sprawling walnut tree Granny said her father planted when she was born, and the wind died down. The electrified quiet made Shane worry a twister would strike at any second. He eyed the drainage ditch, knowing they could take refuge in it if need be, or even crawl into one of the large, concrete pipes running under the road if things got really bad.
“This is way too creepy,” his aunt said and walked faster. “This is why I’ll take New York over Georgia any day.” 
“Do you hear that?” Shane asked. A deep humming caught his attention. He glanced back, but he didn’t see anything.
 “Yes, weird. But at this point, I don’t care to find out what it is.” She kicked her shoes off and started jogging on her panty hose-covered feet. “We just need to get to shelter.” 
Shane jogged beside her, and the humming grew into a near-deafening drone. Off to the left, he saw a dark cloud moving straight toward them, hovering a few feet above the dry, brown grass in the pasture. Horror gripping him, his skin tingled from head to toe.
“Hornets!” he shouted.
“What?” his aunt asked.
“Run!” 


Click here to learn more about The Last Orphans!




Wolves of the Northern Rift

John Messenger

In a world of science, magic is an abomination.

Magic is an abomination. It spread from the Rift, a great chasm hundreds of miles long that nearly split the southern continent in two. The Rift was a portal, a gateway between their world of science and the mythological world of magic.   

On the northern continent of Ocker, King Godwin declared that no magical monstrosity would be allowed within their borders. The Royal Inquisitors were formed to investigate reports of mystical occurrences and, should they be found, to destroy them. 

  Inquisitor Simon Whitlock knows his responsibilities all too well. Along with the apothecary, Luthor Strong, they’ve spent two years inquiring into such reports of magical abominations, though they’ve discovered far more charlatans than true magical creatures. When assigned to investigate Haversham and its reports of werewolves, Simon remains unconvinced that the rumors are true. What he discovers in the frozen little hamlet is that the werewolves are far more real than he believed; yet they’re hardly the most dangerous monster in the city.

Click here to learn more about Wolves of the Northern Rift!




Voodoo Moon

June Stevens

A sinister magic is sweeping across Nash City...

To Fiona Moon, it’s just another day at work. And some days, well, they’re a helluva lot worse than others. As a member of the elite Black Blade Guard, Fiona is tasked with hunting down the most-dangerous Paranorm criminals. To find out who is kidnapping mages and sucking the life energy from their bodies, she has to work with the one man that embodies everything she despises.

Master Necromancer Ian Barroes, a rich professor of Necromantic Studies, wants only one thing in this world… Fiona.

They each hold secrets that could destroy them, but ones that could also be the key to destroying the evil Voodoo priest, Bokor. They must learn to trust each other and track down Bokor before more innocent lives are lost. When Fiona becomes a target of the evil madman, she is lured into his trap. Now, she and Ian have to fight for survival… and their very souls.

Click here to learn more about Voodoo Moon!






Subscribe now and never miss a release!  


