

A Paranormal Collection

by Clean Teen Publishing


THIS book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the authors' imagination or are used factiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

NO part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission.  Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights.  Purchase only authorized editions.

Worlds Between
Copyright ©2014
All rights reserved.

Cover Design by: Marya Heiman
Typography by: Courtney Nuckels
Editing by: Cynthia Shepp




Haunting Zoe
The Mind's Eye
Kindling Flames
Reluctant Guardian
Aftershock: An Aftermath Short Story

Promotional chapters:
Hidden Monster
The Eye of Tanub
The Awakener
Angus MacBain
River of Bones







As I stand there, looking down at my body, I can’t help but wonder where my clothes went. I suppose the dude hosing me off took them, but I can’t be sure. I blink as he flicks on a large, round light overhead. It’s cold in here, or maybe it’s just that standing in a morgue, watching some random stranger poke and prod your lifeless corpse, is enough to give even a dead guy the chills.
I should leave. But there’s a twisted need to watch over myself, make sure nobody mishandles my body. Stupid, I suppose, but undeniable.
He finishes the hose bath just as his assistant, an older woman with gray hair and rectangular glasses, walks in, completely oblivious to my nudity, and hangs a suit on the coatrack. “His father just dropped this off,” she says curtly, leaving the room without a second glance. 
As she rounds the table, her arm brushes through me. I don’t feel it at all, and she doesn’t seem to either. I glance down, not at my body, but at myself as I stand there. My dark denim jeans are loose around my waist, supported by a thick, brown leather belt. My grey t-shirt is clean—considering—and my brown boots are tied tightly. Basically, I look the same as I did two days ago… when I woke up and found myself hovering over my corpse as police fished it out of the river. 
The shock and panic has faded into a dull ache, a numbness I can’t quite explain. Nothing feels real anymore. I close my eyes, thinking of my best friend Bruno. In a heartbeat, I feel the air around me change, warming. The smell of cherry pie wafts through the air, and I know I’m gone. When I open my eyes, I’m in his kitchen—a place I’m very familiar with. How many days had we sat at this granite counter and talked about sports, homework, and girls? How many nights did he have massive pizzas delivered while we studied for tests and worked on projects? Now he sits in his chair, shoving a single cherry around his crumb-filled plate with his fork while holding his head up with a balled fist. He’s not smiling, but he’s not crying either. Unlike the scene at my house where my mother wails constantly, and my father barely leaves my bedroom. The grief can be overwhelming. Somehow, watching them suffer makes this whole thing worse. 
Taking a seat beside him, I slide into the chair without having to move it. I wish he could hear me. I need someone to talk to—someone who can help me figure out what’s going on.
I never thought much about death when I was alive, I suppose I just took for granted that I would have plenty of time for that later. There was never a doubt in my mind that when you died, you went to heaven or whatever came next. But this isn’t next, and it certainly isn’t heaven. 
There’s a white card beside his plate. Leaning over, I see the words, which are embossed in gold.
Shenendoah Funeral Home
Sunday, September 7th. 2pm.
Please join us in saying farewell to Logan Cooper.
Wake from 2-3pm. Graveside service at 4pm.
September 7th? 
I stand up, walking right through the counter to the stainless steel refrigerator, where a paper calendar is held up with magnets. That’s tomorrow.
How long have I been dead? Days maybe, though I have to admit the passage of time is a little harder to keep track of now that I don’t sleep anymore. Even so, the last thing I remember was…being at a summer pool party with my friends. That had to be weeks ago. 
I turn back to Bruno, who reluctantly eats his last bite of food, and then stands up.
“What happened to me?” I ask out loud, knowing he can’t hear me.
His eyes snap up. For a frantic moment, I think he’s looking right at me. Then I realize he’s looking through me, at the calendar. He sets his plate in the sink and walks through me. Taking the marker out of the little holder on the side of the calendar, he leans forward, crossing off the date.
Correction. My funeral is today.
I close my eyes again, opening them in Kaylee’s bright pink bedroom. She’s lounging on her bed in a tank top and shorts. Her feet are propped up on her fluffy pillows, and her hand hangs off the end while she talks on the phone.
“I don’t know if I can make it,” she says with a deep sigh. 
I can’t hear the conversation on the other end, but she rolls her eyes.
“I know,” she responds. “But I don’t think I can do it. I mean, sit there and stare at his casket. It’s not… I still can’t believe it.”
I sit next to her on the bed. Her face is flawless, not red or blotchy, even though her eyes are rimmed in pink, a telltale sign that she either has been crying, or is about to. Goodness knows I’ve seen those eyes enough over the last year. I glance at her nightstand. The large, blue frame that used to hold a photo of us at the winter formal last year now sits empty. In typical Kaylee fashion, she’d probably burned it after we had a fight, using the ashes to put some kind of crazy girlfriend hex on me. That happened often enough too. 
“Are you going to be there?” she asks, the ghost of a smile crossing her lips. “I should be there too. I’ve got to put this whole thing behind me and move on.”
She hangs up without saying goodbye, tossing the phone onto the bed beside her. 
I frown. Moving on sounds great. If only I could do the same.
“I suppose I’m dead,” I say out loud, as she flips over onto her stomach. I see for the first time that there’s a little box on the floor at the end of the bed, full of photos. She picks one out. It’s a photo she took of me at the beach last summer.
“And I know you can’t hear me but… I want to say I’m sorry.”
She stares at the photo, oblivious.
“I mean, I wasn’t a great boyfriend. I know that. And you… well, let’s face it, you sucked as a girlfriend. But you were always special to me, I guess.” I rub my eyes. “God, I suck at this. I guess I just want to say goodbye.”
As if in response, she grabs the photo by the corners and tears, ripping my face in half.
“Goodbye, Logan,” she mutters and tosses the ripped picture aside.

***

I stand outside the funeral home for a long time, just watching people gather. There are a lot of people, half of them I don’t even recognize. Even a small group of local reporters has gathered. 
Whatdya know? My death might just be the biggest news story to hit this stupid little town since that year the feral pig got loose in the supermarket. It’s hard to miss the headlines plastered all over the local papers. Heck, even the 5 o’clock news ran a feature about me and how a ‘tragic accident had cut my promising young life all too short’. And people just ate it up.
I guess folks love a good tragedy.
What really bugs me about it is that I can’t even remember what happened. I close my eyes, reach back in my mind, and there’s nothing. Just darkness. It feels like having something just on the tip of your tongue but not being able to get it out. Basically, it’s a very special kind of hell. The kind where you get a song stuck in your head but you only know half the words, or you know there is something you are supposed to be doing but your schedule is blank. 
I can’t help but wonder what I did to deserve this.
I mean, ok. Maybe I wasn’t a ‘good’ guy. Not like Bruno, or Captain Perfect as I jokingly called him sometimes. I screwed up all the time, with Kaylee, with my friends, with my parents. But I always tried to be kind to animals and little kids. I feel like that should count for something. I mean, so what if I didn’t recycle? So what if I hosted the occasional kegger while my parents were out of town? Who cares if I drove too fast and ate too many bacon double cheeseburgers? So what if I screwed up on the little things? I never killed anyone, made fun of handicapped people, cheated on an exam, or stole anything. And those are the big things, right?
Ok, so maybe this is my punishment. Maybe this is what happens when people live a half-assed life. If so, you’d think there would be a whole lot more of us hanging around. As far as I can tell, it’s only me.
My parents arrive in a black town car. Mom is in the same dress she wore to the Black and While Gala—last year’s fundraiser for the local Civil War Museum and Historical Society—and Dad is in a charcoal grey suit that almost perfectly matches his salt and pepper hair. His expression is stern, but I can’t tell how Mom’s doing, thanks to the black sunglasses she is wearing that are so large they cover half her face. They walk slowly up the stairs, arm in arm. It’s as if they are somehow holding each other upright as they walk into the foyer.
A slender woman in a soft, blue dress greets them at the door, a black folder in her hand. The entrance is decked out in while lilies and greenery. A long line has formed just outside the chapel, where a large book sits on a podium. I breeze past them to get a look at what’s inside.
It’s a memory book. People are signing in. Beside their name, they are leaving little messages like, “Miss you, buddy” and “I will never forget that time you scored that goal in overtime.”
I recognize some of the faces in line. Cassidy and Becker are already here, standing in line, their faces solemn. The twins are here, and Bruno. Even a few of Kaylee’s devoted followers are clustered in a large group near the back.
More people funnel in, my teachers, my lacrosse coach, and even my dentist and his family show up. The more people arrive, the more stifling the room becomes, until I’m hot and I can’t breathe. Can ghosts have panic attacks? I clutch my chest. The pain is deep, like my heart is trying to push its way out of my chest. Even though no one can see me freaking out, I break into a sprint, running from the room and down an empty hallway. Behind me, the organ begins playing and it’s like the whole world is crashing down around me. I can’t think straight. To my right, the door to the coatroom is cracked open so I rush inside, hoping to drown out the sound. 
I don’t so much hear the door open as much as I feel it, that nagging sensation of being watched. Turning slowly, I come face to face with the last person on the planet I expect to see.
Zoe Reed.
She’s standing there in torn jeans and a light brown sweater, a grey scarf hanging in loose drapes around her neck. Her brown hair is pulled back in a loose bun with undone strands hanging wildly around her face. 
I don’t think we’ve been in a room alone together in maybe four years—not since middle school. We used to be best friends; she was the one person who knew all my secrets. Then, her father died and she sort of pulled away, retreating into this little shell I never could break her out of. Eventually, I quit trying, and we went our separate ways. I’m amazed she even bothered coming to the funeral. The last few times I’d caught her eye in school, she was glaring at me like I was a gallon of month-old milk. Sort of like the way she’s looking at me now.
As if she can see me.
Reaching around, she grabs the door and slams it shut with a loud thud.
“What is your freaking damage, Logan?” she demands.
I’m so stunned that, for a moment, I’m totally speechless. Looking around quickly, I make sure there’s not someone else she’s yelling at.
“Excuse me?” I manage finally.
She squints, glaring at me. 
“I’m being punked, aren’t I? This is some stupid reality TV show or something right?”
I can’t believe it. She is talking to me. I have a nearly irresistible urge to throw my arms around her and scream halleluiah. Only her enraged expression keeps me still.
“Does your family know you’re alive? I mean, seriously, if this is some dumb publicity stunt for the reporters out front…” She trails off, making a disgusted noise deep in the back of her throat. “Say something, Logan. Please. Find the magic words to make this whole mess not be the most horrible thing a human being has ever done in their entire life, ever.”
“Zoe?” I ask, unable to keep the pleased grin off my face. She really can see me. So why is she so pissed? Shouldn’t she be happy I’m alive? Or maybe not alive, but you know. Here. “What are you talking about?”
“You are a giant douche hammer, you know that? I mean, what is this? Some idiotic attempt to get extra credit in English class? Tom Sawyer 101? I mean, those people think you’re dead! We all thought…” She trails off again, and I can feel the tension radiating off her like heat waves. This is the Zoe I remember. Once, when we were little, she got so mad that a GI Joe she left in the yard got mowed over that she had a fit and took the whole mower apart piece by piece with a screwdriver. If I can’t calm her down—and fast—she is going to go completely nuclear.
I tilt my head to the side, offering her a relaxed smile. I’d forgotten how pretty she is when she gets really mad. A flush of color rises to her cheeks, and her eyes widen as she presses her lips into a narrow line. I’m still so amazed she’s here that I can’t help but whisper, just to make sure.
“You can see me?”
And that’s when she flies off the handle.
 “Okay, that’s it. I’m not falling for this… whatever this is. I’m going to march in there and tell your mother right now.”
Her tone is so high that I can’t help but laugh a little. 
“You’re going to go tell my mommy on me? What, are we five again?”
She flips me off and spins on her heel, pulling the door open and charging out of the room. I try to grab her, but my hand goes right through her arm.
“Wait!” I holler down the hall, but she’s speed walking for the chapel. I follow her as she steps into the center of the aisle, catching sight of the coffin for the first time. Her pace slows as she approaches it, her steps faltering as she sees me lying in the casket.
In the back of the room, Bruno gets to his feet, as if he’s going to go after her, but her mother and her friend Carlos both jump up and rush to her side. I step back into the hall, out of her sight. Bruno is watching her with worried eyes. I forgot—he had a thing for her a while back. He’d even asked me for her number once. I’d blown him off then, partly because I didn’t actually have her number anymore, but also a little because she was mine once, and even though that was years ago, I couldn’t quite stomach the idea of sharing her with anyone, even now.
I step behind the door as Carlos and her mom leads Zoe out of the foyer and outside, watching as they gather her and load her into the passenger seat of her mom’s car. When I finally walk out onto the front steps, Zoe glances over Carlos’ shoulder, catching sight of me again. This time she doesn’t look angry, just shocked and confused.
They pull off, and I stuff my hands in my pockets. I decide to give her a couple hours to calm down before I go see her again. I mean, there has to be a reason she can see me. And maybe, she knows what’s going on with me—why I’m stuck here. Maybe she can help.
As I turn to head back inside, all I can think is, Why did it have to be Zoe?

***

I watch as the storm clouds gather in the dim afternoon sky, the air grows thick with the promise of rain, and the first shard of lightning streaks across the sky. The workers hastily operate the wench, lowering my shiny black casket into the hole at my feet. My family has long gone home, all that’s left now are the piles of flowers and the two men in blue jumpsuits. One hops in the bobcat and begins scooping large bucketfuls of dirt to fill it in.
They finish their work quickly and scurry to the shelter of a crude building near the rear of the cemetery. Just as they step inside and close the door a roll of thunder echoes across the sky and the rain lets loose. I don’t feel it, not the drops hitting my skin or the bit of the cold water. It might be because I’m too numb—too overwhelmed for the day—to feel anything. Or it might just be a perk of being dead. 
After Zoe had seen me at the wake, I’d been so sure there would be someone else, anyone else, who would have the same ability. I should have known it was too much to hope for. 
Zoe and I had been best friends as kids. We’d made mud pies, had secret forts in the woods behind my house, she’d even been my first kiss. As innocent childhood kisses go, it had been pretty memorable. But all that changed after her dad died. I remember knocking on her door every day that summer, only to be sent away by her mother because she didn’t feel like company.
Every. Single. Day.
She ended up homeschooling for a while and by the time she came back, we were in high school. I had new friends and new hobbies. We just didn’t fit in each other’s lives anymore. I got popular, and she got bitchy.
And that was being generous.
For the most part we’d managed to stay clear of each other, until the end of school last year when my best friend Bruno had asked me for her number out of the blue. Even as an unexpected feeling of jealousy and possession had flared up inside me, I’d jokingly slapped him on the shoulder and told him he’d be better off asking out a pit viper. 
I close my eyes, trying to remember what the inside of her house looks like. The air around me changes and when I open my eyes, I’m in her kitchen. The storm is still raging outside and above me the simple chandelier flickers. Zoe is standing there, her back to me. Her long, messy brown hair is hanging in loose strands and she’s in what I assume are her pajamas, her feet bare.
The lights flicker again, harder this time, and she turns to face me, a glass of milk and a plate of pizza in her hands. I watch as her eyes focus on me and I can’t help the momentary feeling of relief. 
She really can see me, even now. Whatever had happened at the funeral home hadn’t been an isolated incident. Then as I stare into her doe eyes, they widen, her face pales, and I see her mouth open. The plate and glass slip from her fingers and crash to the floor, shattering in every direction.
I hold out my hands in front of me.
“Don’t move,” I say calmly. 
Then she screams.

***

Zoe steps backwards, which is exactly the wrong thing to do, and I hear the glass crunch under her foot. She cries out, lifting her foot and getting off balance. She falls backward into the shards of white plate and clear glass.
“Stop moving,” I order. “You’re going to cut yourself to shreds.”
She screams again, this time the sound is hoarse, like she can’t quite get her vocal cords to cooperate. I sigh, rolling my eyes.
“Will you please stop screaming? Seriously Zoe.”
Her mouth clamps shut, but she’s still breathing heavy, her face flushed. I wait, folding my arms across my chest, for her to relax and process.
“What are you doing here?” she manages finally.
I don’t miss a beat with my response. 
“What am I doing here, as in in your kitchen, or do you mean here in more general terms? As in why am I not—”
She cuts me off.
“Rotting in the ground somewhere?”
I feel my nose crinkle at the thought.
“I was going to say dead, but thanks for the vivid.”
She frowns at me skeptically then turns her arm to examine the damage. A thin line of blood is dripping from her elbow, a small sliver of glass stuck in the skin.
“I’m bleeding,” she complains.
“That’s what happens when you fall into a pile of broken glass.”
She shoots me a nasty glare.
“Shut up Logan.”
Ah, yes, that’s the Zoe I remember. Brave, yes. Clever, yes. And with a mouth that could make a sailor blush.
She grabs the glass sliver with two fingers and pulls. The blood flows faster, but she doesn’t seem to be too bothered by it. She tosses the sliver aside and sets her forearm against the floor, using it to push away the remaining glass and clear a path.
She examines her cut foot for only a moment before grabbing the fridge door and hoisting herself to her feet. She steps around the glass carefully, her eyes trained on the slate grey tile floor, and limps down the hallway to the bathroom.
I follow and turn the corner just in time to see her close the lid on the toilet and take a seat, a large white plastic box on her lap. Silently I watch her clean a large gash on the bottom of her foot then tend to her arm. I lean against the counter and cross my ankles.
“That probably needs stitches,” I offer softly, not wanting to freak her out anymore than I already have.
She doesn’t look up but I swear she looks a little green. I didn’t know that actually happened to people. If I had to guess, I’d say she was trying very hard not to puke.
She puts a band-aid over the cut on her arm then closes her eyes tightly. Though she doesn’t make a sound, I can see her lips moving as she counts to ten before opening her eyes again.
“Still here,” I say, waving my hands.
“Why?” she asks, and her tone isn’t angry or afraid, it just sounds tired.
“Why what?”
“Why are you here? And what exactly are you?”
She finally looks up, and her eyes are rimmed with red, the tip of her nose pink, like she’s about to cry. I swallow.
“I’m here because for some weird reason you can see me when no one else can.”
I try not to let my irritation leak into my voice, but it’s hard. Why, of all people, did it have to be Zoe? This is like some bad cosmic joke.
“Why can I see you?” she asks.
My brow furrows as I realize she has no idea what’s happening any more than I do. 
“Do you see dead people often?” I ask tensely.
She tilt her head, giving me a duh look.
“No. You’re the first.”
I throw my hands in the air, beyond frustrated. I’ve spent days like this—the invisible dead guy—and now that someone can see me, not only is it the last person on the planet I want to deal with, but she’s completely useless to boot.
“Great. Just freaking great. The one person who can see me, and she has no idea what’s going on.” I don’t realize I’m speaking out loud until I catch her eye, and see the silent hurt swimming there. I soften my tone. “I was really hoping you’d have some answers.”
The hurt in her eye is quickly replaced with a flare of anger.
“Well, I don’t. So maybe you should just,” she hesitates, waving her hand. “You know. Go.”
I raise one eyebrow. 
“Go where exactly?” This wasn’t exactly a vacation. My options were pretty limited at the moment.
She stands up in a huff. “I don’t know! Go into the light or something. Shit, what do I look like? A ghost expert?”
I try to keep calm. 
“You look like the only person who can see or hear me,” I answer honestly. What I should have said was thank you, I realize a moment too late. Thank you for seeing me, because, it means I’m not crazy. And I’m not alone.
She sighs and pinches her nose.
“This isn’t happening. This is some bad dream.”
My face falls into a frown, the last of my anger dying away in a wash of relief. 
I’m not alone anymore. 
I hold onto that thought.
“Yeah, that’s what I told myself too. For days I stood in my living room screaming at my parents while they sobbed over my picture. I thought I was losing my mind. Then I followed them to the funeral. And I saw you.”
And you saw me. I don’t say it out loud, but the words hang between us like an invisible white flag.
She motions for me to move and I step aside. She puts the first aid box away under the sink and leads me to her room. It hasn’t changed much over the years. Same thick emerald green comforter, same old high backed floral print chair in front of a tiny TV. The only changes are a large oak desk and a laptop. As I step further inside I realize the room even smells like her, a distinctive smell something like honeysuckle, but not quite. It brings back a lot of memories, things I hadn’t thought of in years.
She flops into the old chair and kicks her feet over the arm.
“This is exactly why I don’t go to funerals,” she mutters. 
My eyebrow arches again, this time in disbelief.
“This is why you don’t go to funerals?”
She shrugs, brushing her hair over her shoulder with a flip of her hand.
“Fine, not this exactly. But nothing good ever comes from funerals. People are always like, you should go, get some closure. But that’s all a load of crap. All it is, is another way to traumatize yourself.”
I don’t want to stop her and tell her that I disagree, so I just let her rant.
“Just more bad memories to heap onto the pile,” she says finally, her voice small at the end. I know from her far away expression the funeral she’s thinking of, and it isn’t mine. We’d been young when her dad died. Zoe’s mother had given her a single red rose to put on his coffin. Though I was sitting across from her, I watched her clutch the stem so tightly, that tiny crimson drops leaked from between her clenched fingers. But her face was always placid, clam, as if she were a million miles away. I thought it was brave. It wasn’t until much later that I recognized the expression for what it really was.
Broken.
I sit on the edge of her bed and relax into the soft mattress. Her black cat Brimstone, which had to be a million years old by now, arches her back and hisses right at me before leaping off the bed and darting from the room.
“Looks like you aren’t the only one who can see me,” I say jokingly.
“That bi-polar cat is not proof that you aren’t just a figment of my over caffeinated, over Poe’d imagination.”
I shake my head. 
“This is getting old. How can I prove I’m really here?”
She sits up, looking at me like she wants to shoot darts into my face.
“I don’t know. Being haunted is new to me, can you give me a minute to come to grips, please?”
I lean back, “Fine. One minute. Clock starts now.”
Sitting up in the chair she grabs a small pillow from behind her back and lobs it at me, only instead of impacting me, it just passes right through.
“Well, I suppose I should have expected that,” she mutters with a frown.
I roll my eyes.
“What are you in such a hurry for anyway? You kind of have, forever, right?”
She pauses, a look of utter terror crossing her face.
“Oh my God. You aren’t going to haunt me forever, right? I mean, this isn’t going to be my life now. Being followed around by an arrogant, pain in the ass ghost?”
I grin. 
“Keep up the flattery and I just might.”
She leans back in the chair.
“I hate my life,” she complains.
Her words are like a swift slap in the face, sharp and quick.
“You know, that’s a pretty bitchy thing to say in front of a guy who no longer has one.”
She sits up quickly, her eyes snapping open. I see the guilt wash over her. Maybe it’s just because I’ve known her so long, but her face is an open book, every emotion raw and expressed in the tilt of her chin or the curve of her mouth.
“Sorry,” she says quickly.
I shrug, though the sting of her words linger.
“Are you cold?” she asks, her head cocked in a funny angle.
I look down at myself trying to figure out what would make her ADD little brain wonder that.
“Nope. I don’t really feel temperature at all.”
Her puzzlement continues.
“Why are you wearing clothes?” she asks out of nowhere. 
It takes me a minute to recover. I smile provocatively. “Why? Were you hoping for a naked haunting?”
She huffs. 
“Please, you don’t have the figure for nudity.”
I snort. I may not be a Hollister model, but even I knew better than that.
“Oh, I really do.”
She bristles uncomfortably.
“Well, I see your ego is still intact.”
I lean to the side, stretching out across her bed, staring at her playfully.
She glares. “No offence, but would you not do that on my bed?”
I grin again. “What? Be sexy?”
Her words are quick, a knife to my stomach.
“No, be dead.”
I stand up quickly, wishing once again that it had been anyone else on the freaking planet that I could communicate with. Because dead or not, I was going to throttle the girl.
I open my mouth to tell her as much but she’s making that funny face again, like a kid trying to figure out a magic trick. 
“Oh, go ahead. I can practically see the hamster wheel in your brain smoking. Ask me whatever.”
“Do you eat?”
I shake my head. “No. Not hungry either. Which is good, since I can’t actually touch anything.”
“What are you standing on?” she asks relentlessly. “If you can’t touch anything, what keeps your feet on the floor?”
I look down at my boots. That’s a really good question. 
“Good question. I don’t know.”
I take a deep breath, and imagine myself falling through the floor. Suddenly, I’m sinking.
“Huh,” I mumble when the floor is at my waist. Then I think of being above the floor and I float back up, my feet hovering a few feet off the carpet.
I look at Zoe, expecting her to be pleased, but she’s waving at me like a crazy person.
“No, no. Stop that. That’s too creepy to process.”
I shrug and allow myself to float down until my feet are once more on solid ground.
“How do you get around? Do you just walk?”
I shrug again. 
“I can ride on things, in cars. I rode around with Kaylee for a few hours at first, in her Camaro.”
I frown at the memory. Kaylee Greely was my girlfriend of two years, yet it seemed like my death was barely fazing her at all. I knew she was cold, but that, I had to admit, was pretty low even for her.
I push the thought away and continue. “But, after I saw you leave the wake, I waited around to see everyone pay their respects.”
“That must have been strange,” Zoe offers.
I nod just a little. 
“People wanted to say goodbye. I figured I should give them the chance.”
She nods too.
“I’m sorry,” she says, her tone sincere.
“Why?” I can’t help but ask.
“I dunno. For calling you a douche wrench at your own funeral,” she answers.
“Douche hammer,” I correct her. “You called me a douche hammer.”
She shrugs, “I knew it was some kind of tool.”
I can’t help but grin. “Well, we weren’t exactly close.” 
“And face it, you are a tool.”
I can tell by her expression that she’s joking so I smile.
“I guess the million dollar question is – What exactly do you want from me?” she asks seriously.
I cross the room, squatting down at her feet.
“When you saw me at the funeral, I was terrified. Because that means I was really dead, not just having some prolonged nightmare.” I begin slowly. “But then I was relieved too because, I guess I hoped that you could help me.”
She takes a deep breath, her shoulders relaxing. I’d forgotten how pretty she was. Her round chin, the way her dark eyes are set perfectly in her face, the light dusting of freckles barely visible across her nose. She is stunning really, and if she ever let someone get close enough without biting his head off, he would surely see it too.
“Help you what?” she asks.
I scratch my chin, still balancing on the balls of my feet. 
“I dunno. Help me figure all this out. Help me just…not be so alone.”
She leans forward. Her voice isn’t mean, but her words hold a simple truth.
“Why should I? Like you said, we aren’t friends.”
I sit back on my heels, surprised by her question.
“We used to be,” I say.
She makes a face, as if she’s unimpressed with my answer.
“That was a long time ago.”
I stare at her and watch her crack a grin. She’s messing with me. I breathe a sigh of relief.
“How about this,” I offer. “You’re going to have to pee some time. And when you do, I’ll be there.”
She makes a disgusted face.
“Fine. Where do we start?”
I nod to her computer.
“Where all strange and possibly evil things begin. Wikipedia.”







So what if Logan was dead? I mean, it’s not like he owed me money or anything. I pause at the top of the stairs, letting my mom move around me and walk inside. To my left a group of girls are holding each other and ugly crying. I try to assure myself that the display is genuine and has nothing to do with the swarm of reporters behind me, their cameras clicking like insects. 
“I bet not one of those girls even knew Logan,” I grumble.
“Firstly, everyone knew Logan. And secondly, quit being such a judgy-Mc judge-sickle.”
To my right, Carlos holds out his hand, which I take and allow him to lead me inside and down the hall. Leaning over he whispers in my ear.
“I can’t believe you wore that.”
I look down at my dark jeans, carefully tucked into tall brown boots. My steel grey scarf hangs over my light tan sweater. I’d even taken the time to throw my long brown hair into a messy bun. 
“We can’t all afford to look like movie stars,” I mumble back.
Carlos, with his rich brown skin and dark hair looks like he should be on a billboard somewhere, and the dark fitted suit he’s wearing only enhances the effect. He’s gorgeous. One of those genetically gifted boys who could bat his eyelashes and have any girl he wanted. You know, if he actually wanted girls. He weaves our arms together and pulls me up to a tall pedestal with an open book laying on it. A few people in front of us are signing in like they are registering for a giveaway at the mall. I shift uncomfortably.
“Relax, Zoe. It isn’t a funeral. Just a viewing.”
I shake my head, “That’s even worse.” I lower my voice so no one else can hear, “Who would want to look at a dead body? I mean, it’s just kinda twisted, right?”
He pats my hand. “Closure, darling. It’s a chance to say goodbye.”
“I said goodbye to Logan a long time ago,” I say while looking ahead at the room beyond the pedestal. Rows of neatly assembled chairs are nearly filled with people from our quiet little town. Some are talking, most crying. A few are just texting or playing on their phones. I feel my breathing pick up as a warmth spreads under my skin and wraps tightly around my chest.  I shudder and it slices down my spine like electricity. 
“You guys were friends, right?”
I feel the frown on my face. Friends. Yeah, right.
“Our parents were friends when we were little,” I say dismissively. The truth is, once we hit middle school, everything had changed between us. He got popular, and I got weird. We went our separate ways and never spoke again. Here we are, getting ready to start our senior year, and Logan would have been the reigning king of the school. I, however, am doomed to spending another year eating lunch in the drama department with Carlos while he updates his vlog, watching the school lacrosse games from under the bleachers, and spending my Friday nights reading in my bedroom. Not that there’s anything wrong with any of that. A shove from behind pushes me into the group in front of me. Kaylee Greely brushes past us. She and her entourage of well dressed clones don’t bother to wait in line, they go straight to the front and the crowd parts for them. Scribbling quickly like she’s signing an autograph she strides into the main viewing room, not even bothering to remove her large sunglasses as she takes a seat in the front row. As Logan’s girlfriend, I feel a genuine twinge of sympathy for her. Right up until she pulls out her compact and reapplies her lip gloss with a loud smack of her lips.
Carlos tilts his head and sighs deeply. For a split second I think he’s admiring her ass, then I realize his eyes are laser fixed on her designer handbag and I chuckle out loud. Everyone in line turns to stare at me. I can actually feel the blood rush into my face. Carlos turns, blocking me from view and I can breathe again. He fiddles with my scarf, twisting it and tucking it until it’s sitting perfectly against my small chest. 
“I really don’t want to do this.”
Carlos tugs on my earlobe. “Don’t worry Zoe Bowie, I’m here.”
I shake my head. “Let me rephrase. I’m not doing this. I don’t even like half of these people. Hell, I didn’t like Logan when he was alive, and I’m not going to sit here and pretend like I miss him now that he’s gone.” I swallow. Imagining myself sitting in one of those black folding chairs, listening to crying girl after crying girl get up there and whine about what a great person he was and how he changed their lives. I throw up a little just thinking about it.  “If my mom asks where I went, tell her I had a nervous breakdown and had to go home.”
He smiles deviously. “I’ll tell her that you, being the delicate flower you are, were overcome with grief and had to excuse yourself to the fainting couch,” He says in a thick southern accent.
“Why thank you Miss Scarlett.”
I can’t help but grin. I know it’s been his dream to play the lead in the local theater company’s production of Gone with the Wind since he was five. My remark earns me a kissy face and a wave as he turns to go inside.
I’m all ready to make a break for it, when I get a glimpse of something out the corner of my eye. As I turn to get a better look, I see a boy walking away and into the coat closet at the other end of the hall. I don’t know why I follow him, but my feet are moving before I can fully rationalize it to myself. My boot heels clack on the stone tile floors and sounding  like a heartbeat, slow and steady. I run my fingertips along the beige walls as I pass by what I hope is the casket showroom and not some sort of demented waiting room for whoever’s next in line for viewing, then a room full of comfy looking floral chairs, and finally an office. At the very end of the hall, the door to the coat room is ajar. As I reach out and push it open, an army of shivers march up my back.
If this was a horror movie, this is the part where I would die. 
As soon as I step inside the door, the boy turns and my heart sinks into my feet. For a minute, I just stand there, staring at him like an idiot. All I can feel is icy cold air from the vent in the ceiling blowing down on me, chilling me to my core. Then the anger flows in, replacing the cold shock with a flush of heat. I reach behind me and slam the door shut.
“What is your freaking damage, Logan?”
He stares at me, his green eyes wide. “Excuse me?”
My eyes narrow. I know what’s going on here. “I’m being punked, aren’t I? This is some stupid reality TV show or something right?”
He just stands there looking confused.
“Does your family know you’re alive? I mean, seriously, if this is some dumb publicity stunt for the reporters out front…” I’m so angry I don’t even know what to say. Logan has always been a bit of an attention whore, but this is a new low. My hands are balled onto fists at my hips.  “Say something, Logan. Please. Find the magic words to make this whole mess not be the most horrible thing a human being has ever done in their entire life, ever.”
“Zoe?” his voice is soft and he has a dumb half grin on his face that I remember from when we were kids. I have a desperate urge to remove it with my fist. “What are you talking about?”
Oh, sure. Like I’m the crazy one. “You are a giant douche hammer, you know that? I mean, what is this? Some idiotic attempt to get extra credit in English class? Tom Sawyer 101? I mean, those people think you’re dead! We all thought…” I trail off again, the words jumbling in my brain before I can get them out. I’m so angry I’m bordering on incoherent. My pulse is racing and my whole face feels hot. I need to calm myself before I completely lose it. I take a deep breath, hold it for a second, and then release it slowly.
He takes a step toward me, tilting his head curiously. “You can see me?”
“Okay, that’s it. I’m not falling for this…whatever this is. I’m going to march in there and tell your mother right now.”
He straightens, a cocky grin spreading across his face. That’s a look I’m more used to seeing on him recently. “You’re going to go tell my mommy on me? What, are we five again?”
I grunt and flip him off, throwing the door open.
“Wait!” I hear him call behind me but I keep going. Inside the main room his parents have taken seats next to Kaylee in the front row. Ignoring the minister speaking from the pulpit I stride up the center aisle, stomping angrily. I’m almost to the front when I realize something. The dark brown casket is open. My pace slows and I see Logan’s face, his eyes are closed like he’s sleeping inside the white satin lined box. I spin, looking behind me, but he’s gone. I spin back around and take the final steps to the coffin, clutching the sides for support.
Up close, I’m not sure what I’m seeing. He looks kinda puffy and waxy. Maybe that’s how he’s doing it. Maybe it’s some kind of wax dummy. I reach out to touch his face when a sob from behind me snaps me out of it. Two pairs of arms grab me from either side, Carlos on my left and my mother on my right. They quickly usher me back down the aisle to a chorus of sobs and camera snaps. I’m shaking. Around me there is a thick white fog clouding the very edges of my vision. 
“Mom?” I ask. 
She’s soothing me, patting my hair and rubbing my back. Outside they lead me to the car amidst more cameras clicking. I can barely walk. My knees are like Jell-O and I feel like I’m breathing through a straw. I gasp and the fog gets worse. I feel Carlos slip me into the passenger seat of mom’s old Camry then he thrusts a bottle of cold, sweaty water in my hand. 
“Are you okay Zoe?” My mother asks, kneeling in front of me. 
She has her nurse face on and I know if I say the wrong thing, I’m going to end up spending the night in the hospital. 
“I think she’s in shock,” Carlos says, patting my hand gently. I pull it away.
“Not helping, Carlos.” I look over at my mother who is clearly on the edge of panic. “I’m fine. Just, overwhelmed. Can we just go home?” She nods, patting my knee before moving to the other side of the car. Carlos gently turns me in my seat, trying to help me buckle. Behind him, on the steps to the funeral home, Logan is standing in the sunlight. Only, the reporters are all ignoring him.
I grab Carlos by the lapel and jerk my head towards the stairs.
“Do you see that?”
He turns and looks over his shoulder. “What?”
“Do you see anyone on the steps?”
He frowns, “No. Why?”
I shake my head, squeezing my eyes shut. “Never mind. I think my breakfast grape juice fermented. I’m gonna go home and lay down for a bit.”
He shuts the door and I lean out the window to give him a peck on the cheek.
“Take care, sweetie. Call me later when you are feeling better.”
I tug my hair out of the bun and let it fall around my shoulders. A familiar ache is growing inside my skull and I know if I leave it in, it’ll only make it worse. “I will.”
He steps back onto the curb and we speed off. I don’t open my eyes all the way home, I just let the cool wind blow knots into my hair and try not to think of the thousands of pictures of me freaking out coffin-side that are hitting the web as we speak, or of Logan’s face in that coffin.
I fail on both counts.

***


By the time I open my eyes, the sun is shining full strength through my bedroom window. Somehow I’ve made it out of my clothes and into my soft blue pajama pants and grey tank top. I groan, rolling over and glancing at the alarm clock. The flashing red 4:13 makes me jerk up, tossing off the warm green comforter and leaping to my feet. I open my door, but the house is completely silent. A piece of paper is taped to my door. 

Zoe-
Working a double shift. Call me if you aren’t feeling better soon. Don’t forget to pick up what you need for school!
Love, 
Mom

I rip the paper off the door and wad it into a ball, tossing it over my shoulder as I step into the hallway. The first day of school is in less than a week, but I almost can’t bring myself to think of it. It’s not that I hate school, per-se, but it’s tedious and boring. Not even my advanced classes really challenge me, and let’s face it, I’m probably going to spend the bulk of the year in the library anyway—which I’d rather do without a bunch of other people annoying me. I’m supposed to be there tomorrow since I volunteered to help set up for back to school night, but I’m actually debating blowing it off.
Then a pang of guilt sets in and I think better of it.
Mrs. Jackson had been kind enough to let me spend most of my summer there, helping out at times, or just devouring the new books. As I’m rummaging through nearly barren cabinets my cell rings on the counter. Putting on the Ritz, Carlos’s ring tone, echoes through the house. I snatch it up.
“Hey Carlos. What’s up?”
“Not much. How are you feeling? I called earlier but your mom answered. She said you were still sleeping.”
I stifle a yawn. “Yeah. Sorry about that. I don’t know what happened. Panic attack or something?”
Yesterday’s events seem so surreal, I can’t make sense of any of it. I suppose grief does weird things to the body. 
“As long as you are feeling better now.” His voice is hesitant, like he’s waiting to gauge my reaction.
I cringe and drop the bag of Cheetos I’m holding as I remember my scene at the viewing.
“Oh shit. How bad is it?”
There is a short pause at the other end of the line. “Not terrible. Though you started quite a trend. About 30 girls threw themselves on the coffin and wept like idiots after you left.”
I sigh as relief settles into my chest, releasing the tension. “Well, I suppose that’s good at least. Better to be considered an attention whore than a lunatic, right? Any viral videos yet?”
“A few of the other girls posted pics, but none of you.”
I frown and switch the phone to my other ear. 
“I can hear you frowning, Zoe.”
Now I grin. He knows me so well.
“Would you really rather be a crazy, attention grabbing, wannabe?”
I pull open the bag and stuff a cheesy poof in my mouth, crunching on it as I answer.
“Better than being invisible. I could strip naked and ride a horse down the hall in Lady Godiva style and no one would even notice.”
I can hear him laughing. “Oh, honey, you don’t have the figure for nudity.”
I roll my eyes. “Thanks for that.”
“Well, if you’re quite done with the pity party, I could use some help picking out my back to school wardrobe. I’m driving to the city to hit Bloomies. Wanna join?”
“When are you going to get over your crush on the hot guy at the Bloomingdales counter?”
He huffs, “When he quits looking so good in a pair of slacks. Come on, don’t crap out on me. If I go alone he will think I’m stalking him.”
“You are stalking him,” I say around another Cheeto.
“Well, yeah, but I don’t want him to know that I’m stalking him.”
I shake my head and take my bag of powered cheese awesomeness back to my room. “Sorry. You’ll just have to go with your plastic.”
“Fine. I will let my credit card be my guide. But you owe me one.”
“Put it on my tab,” I say, unable to keep the smile off my face as I end the call.
Brimstone, my lean black kitty, leaps onto my desk and demands affection the way only cats can. 
“Well, Brim. We both knew this day was coming. Today is the day I stay in my pajamas and do nothing but glut myself on Cheetos and read books.” I say it as if it’s the first time that it’s ever happened rather than being a semi-regular occurrence. 
She rubs her head against me, unimpressed by my slothful declaration.  I grab my dog-eared copy of The Collected Works of Edgar Allen Poe and settle in. It’s a bit darker than what I’ve been reading lately, but it’s by far one of my favorites. As I curl into my comfy old reading chair, Brim leaps up and curls into a ball on my lap. Soon I’m lost in the pages. I don’t look up again until a clap of thunder shakes the house. Carefully moving Brim onto my bed I pull back my sheer curtains. The sky is dark and droplets of rain cover the glass.
I glance at the clock. It’s almost seven now and my stomach growls, taking advantage of the break in my reading to remind me that one can’t live on Cheetos alone. Setting my book beside the still sleeping cat I head back to the kitchen. The kitchen light flickers but manages to stay on. I grab the long black flashlight from the junk drawer, just in case. A flash of light bursts through the windows over the kitchen sink followed quickly by a roll of thunder so loud that the tiny hairs on the back of my neck jump to attention. I shiver and pour myself a glass of milk and toss a few slices of leftover pineapple pizza onto a plate. As I turn back to my room, the lights flicker again. When the flickering stops I’m no longer alone in the kitchen. I don’t scream. I think I’m too startled for that. I can’t even draw in a breath. I’m frozen, unable to think beyond the face staring back at me. The glass and plate slip through my fingers, crashing to the floor and shattering at my bare feet. Logan stands in front of me with his hands held out .
“Don’t move,” he says urgently.
Then I scream.




The scream rips its way up my body and explodes like a volcano out my mouth. I take a step back and feel bits of glass cut into the bottom of my foot. Lifting my weight off the foot I tumble backwards, landing in a pile of glass and porcelain. 
“Stop moving,” Logan commands. “You’re going to cut yourself to shreds.”
I take a deep breath and scream again, only this time my voice is strained so the sound comes out ragged and strangled.
“Will you please stop screaming? Seriously Zoe.”
My eyes are wide. My heart is pounding against my ribcage so hard I think I might actually throw up. I take another breath, but this time I hold it in until I can’t anymore and it expels in a hot rush.
“What are you doing here?”
He folds his arms, looking smug. “What am I doing here, as in here in your kitchen, or do you mean here in more general terms? As in why am I not—“
“Rotting in the ground somewhere?”
He wrinkles his nose. “I was going to say dead, but thanks for the vivid.”
Slowly my senses start coming back into focus. The pain in my foot is intense, but not enough to distract from the sliver of glass stuck in my forearm. 
“I’m bleeding,” I say, watching the crimson leaking down my arm and off of my elbow as I inspect it.
“That happens when you fall into a pile of broken glass.”
I glare at him, “Shut up, Logan.”
I grab the sliver of glass with two fingers and pull it out quickly. The blood flows more freely, pooling beside me. I toss the toothpick sized sliver aside. Using my other arm like a mop to clear a space, I slide myself back out of the glass and press my back against the wall. Bringing my foot up for inspection, I see the cut. It’s shallow and there is nothing in the wound. My hands shake as I pull myself to my feet, using the handle of the fridge door for support. I skirt around the glass, stepping carefully as I maneuver around Logan without looking up at him, and make my way, limping, to the bathroom. 
Scooping the first aid kit from under the sink I flip the lid down and sit on the toilet. I can feel Logan staring at me as I clean the cut on the bottom of my foot and stick a bandage over it. My arm is still bleeding, but it’s not too bad anymore so I wipe off the excess blood with a wad of toilet paper.
“That probably needs stitches,” he says. I can see that he’s leaned up against the counter, his feet crossed at the ankles. But I don’t dare look up. Looking him in the eyes is like feeding the delusion. 
Ignoring him, I slap a band-aid over the cut. When that’s done I just sit there for a minute with my eyes fixated on the spring behind the door. I’m trying to decide what to do, what to say. I squeeze my eyes shut and count to ten. 
“Still here,” he says when I open them. I sigh.
“Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why are you here?” I ask, finally looking up. “And what exactly are you?”
“Well, I’m here because for some weird reason you can see me when no one else can.”
I sit back, still clutching the plastic first aid box to my chest.
“Why can I see you?”
He cocks his head, “How am I supposed to know?” He rubs his hand down his face in frustration, then glares at me. “Do you see dead people often?”
I make a face. “No. you’re the first.”
He throws his hands up. “Great. Just freaking great. The one person who can see me, and she has no clue what’s going on.” His eyes fall back to mine, “I was really hoping you’d have some answers.”
“Well, I don’t. So maybe you should just…you know. Go.”
“Go where exactly?”
I stand up. “I don’t know! Go into the light or something. Shit, what do I look like? A ghost expert?”
“You look like the only person who can see and hear me.”
I let out a deep breath and squeeze the bridge of my nose with my thumb and forefinger. “This isn’t happening. This is just some bad dream.”
“Yeah, that’s what I told myself too. For days I stood in my living room screaming at my parents while they sobbed over my picture. I thought I was losing my mind. Then I followed them to the funeral. And I saw you.”
I flick my hands and he moves so I can toss the kit back under the sink. I turn and walk to my room with him following me. 
“This is exactly why I don’t go to funerals,” I huff and flop onto my chair.
“This is why you don’t go to funerals?” he asks, one eyebrow arched. 
I shrug. “Fine, not this exactly. But nothing good ever comes from funerals. People are always like, you should go, get some closure. But that’s all a load of crap. All it is, is another way to traumatize yourself. Just more bad memories to heap onto the pile.”
He sits on the edge of my bed, Brimstone stands, arches her back in a stretch, then looks right at him, hisses and runs out of the room. 
“Looks like you aren’t the only one who can see me.”
“That bi-polar cat is not proof that you aren’t just a figment of my over caffeinated, over Poe’d imagination.”
“This is getting old. How can I prove I’m really here?”
My head is beginning to ache. “I don’t know. Being haunted is new to me, can you give me a minute to come to grips, please?”
He sits back on his hands. “Fine. One minute. Clock starts now.”
I throw a pillow at him and it passes right through. “Well, I suppose I should have expected that,” I mumble. He rolls his eyes.
I squint. “What are you in such a hurry for, anyway? You kind of have, I don’t know, forever, right?”
Then something dawns on me. “Oh my God. You aren’t going to haunt me forever, right? I mean, this isn’t going to be my life now. Being followed around by an arrogant pain in the ass ghost?”
“Keep up the flattery and I just might.”
I lean my head back and close my eyes. “I hate my life.”
“You know, that’s a pretty bitchy thing to say in front of a guy who no longer has one.”
My head snaps up and I stare at him. I hadn’t really thought of it that way. From his perspective, he must be miserable, in a special kind of hell.
“Sorry.”
He shrugs it off, but I can still see traces of pain etched in the curve of his jaw.
His white and blue plaid shirt is open and exposing the grey t-shirt beneath. He’s wearing a pair of khaki shorts and sneakers. 
“Are you cold?” I ask without really thinking. Autumn air has come early and with the rain, it’s probably below sixty degrees outside. 
He looks down at his outfit. “Nope. I don’t really feel temperature at all.”
I tilt my head, “Why are you wearing clothes?”
His expression is surprised, then melts into a sly smile. “Why?  Were you hoping for a naked haunting?”
I decide to take a page from Carlos’s playbook. “Oh, honey, you don’t have the figure for nudity.”
He grins widely. “Oh, I really do.”
I look him over and realize that he’s right. He’s not the skinny little boy who used to make mud castles in my back yard anymore. Even under his shirts, I can see the tell tale ribbons of muscle in his chest, shoulders, and arms, taught but defined. His jaw has squared in the last few years, filling out into a very masculine face. I look away when I see him staring at me as I appraise him. I try really hard not to look impressed. 
“Well, I see your massive ego is still intact.”
He leans to the side, sprawling out across my bed. 
I glare, “No offense, but would you not do that on my bed?”
“What? Be sexy.”
“No, be dead.”
His face falls and he stands up. I immediately feel bad, but this whole thing has me so weirded out that I have no idea what to say next.
“Oh, go ahead. I can practically see the hamster wheel in your brain smoking. Ask me whatever.”
“Do you eat?”
“No. Not hungry either. Which is good, since I can’t actually touch anything.”
“What are you standing on? If you can’t touch anything, what keeps your feet on the floor?”
He looks down at his sneakers and puckers his lips. “Good question. I don’t know.”
He squints and slips halfway down into my floor, only his upper half still visible. “Huh,” he says, then floats up so he’s hovering a few feet above the floor.
I wave my hands in front of my face. “No, no. Stop that. That’s too creepy to process.”
He shrugs and once again his feet are firmly on the ground.
“How do you get around? Do you just walk?”
“I can ride on things, in cars. I rode around with Kaylee for a few hours at first, in her Camero.”
Probably screaming at her too, hoping that she, that anyone, could hear him. Oh, lucky me.
“But,” he continues, “After I saw you leave the wake, I waited around to see everyone pay their respects.”
“That must have been strange.”
Uncomfortable, awful. Or, maybe in his case, a huge ego trip. The face he gives me tells me my first thoughts are closer to accurate.
“People wanted to say goodbye. I figured I should give them the chance.”
I nod. “I’m sorry.”
He frowns, “Why?”
“I dunno. For calling you a douche wrench at your own funeral.” For not caring that you died. I want to say the words, but I can’t get them out. 
“Douche hammer. You called me a douche hammer.”
I shrug. “I knew it was some kind of tool.”
“Well, we weren’t exactly close.”
“And face it, you are a tool.”
I take a deep breath. The summer before middle school my parents took me on vacation to visit my uncle in Paris for the summer. It was amazing, but when I got back, Logan had a new group of friends. And I was the odd girl out.  Then, a few months into school, my father got in a car accident and died. Mom pulled me out  to home school for the rest of that year. I just couldn’t face anyone for a while. By the time 8th grade began, Logan and I were like total strangers. He was Mr. Popular. And I was nobody. 
“I guess the million dollar question then Is - What exactly do you want from me?”
He squats near my feet, looking up at me. “When you saw me at the funeral, I was terrified. Because that meant that I was really dead, not just having some prolonged nightmare. But then I was relieved too because, I guess, I hoped that you could help me.”
“Help you what?”
He scratches his chin. “I dunno. Help me figure all this out. Help me just…not be so alone.”
I lean forward. “Why should I? Like you said, we aren’t friends.”
He rocks back on his heels.  “We used to be.”
“That was a long time ago.”
“Well, how about this. You’re going to have to pee some time. And when you do, I’ll be there.”
I make a face. “Fine. Where do we start?”
“Where all strange and possibly evil things begin. Wikipedia.”




I take a long gulp of my energy drink. My room is dark except for the blue glow provided by my computer screen. Sitting back in my desk chair, I stretch and roll my head to the sides and crack my neck. 
“Anything?” Logan asks behind me.
I spin in my chair. “If I’d found something I would have said Hey. I found something.”
“You know, you’re really cranky for being the only person in the room who has a body.”
I turn back to the screen and flip him off over my shoulder, “Keep flapping your lips and you’ll spend the rest of your afterlife haunting hipsters at Starbucks.”
“Oh, sure. Threaten the dead guy.”
I sigh and lower my head onto the keyboard. It’s after 4 a.m. and even after sleeping all day, I’m exhausted.
“Isn’t there someone else you can haunt for a few hours.”
He stands beside me, leaning over the desk. “Everyone is sleeping. Besides, it’s just depressing.”
I roll my face to the side to look at him. “Being dead?”
He frowns, not looking at me. “Watching everyone else be alive.”
I sit up, slapping my hands down on either side of the keyboard.
“Okay, I have a plan.”
I spin in my chair and accidently graze him. Well, graze is the wrong word. I move through him. A chill runs up my skin and goosebumps erupt across my arms like tiny volcanoes. 
I pull back, rubbing my arms. “Well, that was disturbing.”
He shakes his head. “The plan?”
“Oh. Right. I think we should try going to the cemetery.”
He leans back, looking worried. “Why? You want me to try to climb back into my body?”
I think about that for a second. “No. I don’t think that’s a good idea. I mean, the goal isn’t to make you a zombie, right? Just to find your light or whatever.”
“My light?”
“Yeah, you know.” He stares at me like I’m an idiot. “When people die they see a light. Go into the light and all that.” 
“I don’t remember a light.”
I fold my hands on my lap. “What do you remember?”
“About dying? Nothing. I remember opening my eyes and the police were dragging my body out of the water. I remember screaming and no one hearing me. Then I thought about my mom and suddenly I was in my house, standing beside her. She was on the floor, crying.”
That’s interesting. “How did you get into my room?”
He rubs his forehead. “I was thinking of you, how you saw me at the funeral. Then, I was just here.”
Convenient. 
“Okay. I think we should go to the cemetery because, well, maybe there are other ghosts there who can help you. You can’t be the only person who ever took a wrong turn heading for the afterlife.”
He looks up, considering it. “And you think you could see them?”
“No, but maybe you can.”
He nods, “That makes sense.”
I stand up and head for my closet. “It’s a place to start, at least.”
Grabbing a pair of pants and a t-shirt off the hangars I turn to see him staring at me.
“Let’s do it.” He says, clapping his hands together.
I pucker my lips. “Yeah, well, I have to get dressed first so you should, you know, turn around. Or go outside. Or something.”
He slaps his hand over his eyes. I put a balled up fist on my hip. “Nice try Casper.”
With a frustrated sigh he vanishes and I hear him calling from my kitchen. “Prude.”
“Perv,” I call back, slipping into my jeans.
Once I’m fully dressed, I grab my car keys and head out. It’s a good thing Mom is working a double shift. She’d kill me if she knew I was heading out to the cemetery in the middle of the night. And if I tried to explain why, she’d have me committed.
“What are you thinking about?” Logan asks as we drive slowly up to the front gate of Stone Hill Cemetery. 
I lean over the dash, looking at the towering wrought iron gate and the thick chains binding it closed. “You really want to talk about my feelings, Logan?”
He slides through the door without opening it and stands in front of my head lights. “Pathetic as it is, talking to you has kind of been the highlight of my week. So, yeah.”
I kill the lights and slam the door of my old yellow VW Beetle closed. “Aw, that’s kinda sweet. You know, in a not really sort of way.”
He rolls his eyes. In three long strides he steps toward the black iron bars and runs right into them. Stepping back, he looks stunned. In my mind something clicks into place.
“Ghosts can’t pass through iron,” I say, feeling smug. He turns and stares at me. I shrug. “I saw it on TV.”
He reaches for the bar and wraps his hand around it. As soon as he does his hand begins to smoke like its burning. He yelps, pulls his hand back and rubs it.
“I guess I can feel some things.”
I nod and walk up beside him. “Yeah, iron is like ghost kryptonite. Hey, we should dig up your body, then pour salt on it and light it on fire.”
He stares at me, his nose crinkled up. “Why?”
“To release your spirit.”
“I’m pretty released, thanks.”
“Still.”
“We are not desecrating my corpse based on something you saw on TV.”
I frown. “You have no sense of whimsy, you know that?”
He rolls his eyes and points to a stone wall. “There, we can get in over there. You’ll have to climb it.”
Of course I will. I run back to the car and grab a flashlight off the floorboard, tucking it into my back pocket. As I watch, he steps through the wall.
“All clear,” he whispers.
“You don’t have to whisper, no one can hear you.”
“Oh, right. I forgot.”
I shake my head. This has got to be the absolute top of the list of the stupidest things I’ve ever done. As a matter of fact, this might actually be the list. Clinging carefully to each stone, I climb up. Luckily it’s not very high, but my arms still feel like lead weights when I jump over the other side and land gingerly on my feet.
“Like a ninja,” I whisper as Logan smiles. It’s a warm, sincere smile, something I haven’t seen him wear in a long time—which is a shame because it looks really good on him.
“Where to now?” I ask, dusting off my hands on my jeans.
He shrugs and starts walking. Not sure what else to do, I follow him. We wander past the old, battered headstones toward the newer part of the cemetery which is in the very back. The paths are all old cobblestone, giant obelisks and weeping angels looking down on us as we walk. We pass by a small crypt and I shine the flashlight on the entrance. Over the gate, carved in stone is the phrase, Verum non est in morte.
“What does it say?” Logan asks from behind me.
I know the translation, not because I can read Latin, but because I’d asked my mother the same question as we were leaving my father’s funeral.
“It says, In death there is truth.”
Lowering my light, I shine it around, over the headstones. “Do you see anything?”
He shakes his head. “No. Nothing.”
I sigh, defeated. We walk on until we see a big yellow back hoe parked next to a fresh grave. Logan freezes but I walk closer, shining the light on the name etched into the stone.
Logan Wayne Cooper.
I turn, shining the light on Logan. “Wayne, really?”
He looks away, “My dad likes old westerns.”
“Huh.” I step around the grave, careful not to disturb the freshly mounded dirt or the stacks of fresh flowers. “I hear they take these flowers and give them to the old people at the nursing home,” I say, desperate to break the silence. He doesn’t answer. When I glance up his back is to me. The moonlight is hitting him at an odd angle, making him almost glow. It’s so beautiful that for a moment I’m transfixed by it. He looks over his shoulder at me and all I can think is how beautiful he is. Like an angel.
Then he opens his mouth.
“What are you staring at?”
I roll my eyes. “Just wondering if you’re going to do something or just stand there sparkling like an idiot.”
“What do you want me to do?” he asks, throwing his hands in the air.
I inhale slowly. “You said you thought of me, and then you were just there, in my room, right?”
“Yeah.” He turns, walking toward me.
I shift from one foot to the other. “Well, maybe you should think of…I dunno…heaven. Or whatever.”
“Heaven?” He snorts. 
“Don’t get an attitude with me, there buddy. I’m standing in a cemetery at five in the morning next to a fresh grave talking to a dead guy. My tolerance has its limits.”
“Fine.” He grumbles. He closes his eyes takes a deep breath and…
Nothing.
He opens one eye. Then his face falls. “This was a stupid idea.”
“Your face is stupid.”
He stomps away, tugging on his hair. Then he spins back, pointing at me. “You know, you are such a joy to be around. I can’t imagine why you don’t have any friends.”
That hurts. “I have friends,” I whisper.
“Oh, I forgot. Gay Carlos tolerates you. That doesn’t make you his friend. It makes you his hag.”
The pain from his words is so quick and so sharp it feels like he slapped me in the face. I recover quickly, the pain feeding my already growing anger.
“Listen up you pompous ass waffle. Number one, don’t you ever talk about Carlos that way again. He’s worth ten of you. And two, you can take your afterlife drama and shove it. Don’t come to my house, don’t ever bother me again. I mean it. You are on your own.” Turning my back on him I march out of the cemetery, scale the wall, and drive home, fighting back tears of rage the whole way.
By the time I’m settling into bed the sun is rising, casting a red-orange glow into my room. I grab the curtains and pull them closed, falling into bed still in my clothes. A knock at my door wakes me.
“Hey Zoe Bowie. You up yet?”
I glance at the alarm. 8:46 Am. Son of a—
“Come on in Carlos.”
He pokes his head around the door, his eyes covered by his hand. “You decent?”
I shrug, “As decent as I ever am.”
He laughs and walks in. He’s holding a drink carrier with two tall Starbucks cups and has a bag of croissants tucked under his arm.
“I brought fuel.” He hands me the cup. I can tell from the smell its Earl Grey tea with honey and cream.
“Bless you, kind sir.” I murmur and take a sip. It’s hot enough to burn the tip of my tongue a little—just how I like it.
“Oh honey, what did you get up to last night?”
I arch an eyebrow. “Why do you ask?”
He waves his hand over me, “Well, you look like you’ve been held in a basement for three days and you have bags under your eyes the size of cantaloupes.” 
“Yeah, I didn’t sleep much.” I play with the lid on my drink, unsure what to say. No way in hell am I going to admit that I’ve been seeing Logan. As much as I love Carlos, it just feels too crazy to admit out loud. Still, I kind of need to talk to someone about it. 
“I’ve been thinking about Logan.”
He looks surprised. Pulling off his grey canvas jacket he scoots down beside me. 
“I thought you didn’t care about all that.”
I shrug. 
“I don’t. It’s just… I dunno. Maybe it’s bringing up old feelings…of when dad died.”
Carlos lays a hand on my knee sympathetically.  He came into my life just a few months after Dad’s funeral. He moved in down the block and my mom made me take over a welcome to the neighborhood pie. I remember how scared he was, how freaked out about being in a new town, at a new school. But Carlos is braver than me. He stepped in on day one and made himself known. He never hid who he was or what he wanted. I wish I had that kind of courage. 
I take another drink. My head is writhing with questions, questions I know Carlos can’t answer. 
His face lights up, “I know what you need.”
Yeah, a nice long vacation somewhere with padded rooms and happy pills. 
“That makes one of us,” I mumble.
“How about we take a drive up Skyline, have a picnic, then go down to the Tea Room?”
I feel the sides of my mouth turn up slowly. “That actually sounds really nice.”
He grins, looking quite pleased with himself. “I know.” Then he lowers his gaze at me, pointing up and down. “But first you shower and change. I’m not taking you anywhere looking like that.”
I agree and he goes off to the kitchen to scavenge some food for our picnic. Knowing what’s in my cabinets, we might be dining on mustard and old soda crackers. 
Forty five minutes later I’m clean and dressed in my soft tan cargo pants and a black tank top and Carlos has plaited my hair into a long French braid. 
The drive up Skyline is a soothing one, even with Carlos’s indie rock blasting through the speakers of his dad’s Four Runner. The sky is clear and blue—the shade of blue you can’t find anywhere else on earth—and the sun is bright and warm on my arm as it dangles out the window. We drive until we hit the very top of the mountain, a place called the Garden of the Gods.  It’s a large field filled with trees as big around as a truck. I spread out a plaid blanket while he retrieves the picnic basket and a bottle of sparkling wine from his trunk. 
“Fancy,” I say realizing that this day’s events weren’t as spur of the moment as he’d led me to believe.
“It’s a celebration. To the first day of the rest of our lives.”
He twists off the top and bubbles ooze out, sliding down the side of the bottle, which he hands me. “Sorry, I forgot to pack glasses.”
I shrug and take a small sip. It’s smooth and tastes vaguely like apples. “Not bad.”
He winks and takes the bottle from me.
“You sure you should be drinking?” I ask, knowing that the drive down will be a windy one.
“I’ll just have a touch. Besides, I’m used to it.” He takes a small sip and hands it back to me before opening the basket. His family is one of those European types who have wine with every meal, even the kids, so his tolerance is pretty high. 
As it turns out, he was able to make quite a little feast with leftovers and creativity. By the time the food was gone we’d drank about a third of the bottle and were lying back, relaxing in the sun. 
“Do you think people can haunt you?” I ask quietly.
Carlos rolls onto his side, propping his head on his elbow so he’s practically pressed against me. With anyone else the closeness would feel intimate, but with Carlos it just feels comforting.
“Yeah, I do.”
“Really?”
“Sure. I think sometimes we hold onto people so tightly, we can feel them around us all the time.”
I sigh. That’s not quite what I meant. 
“What about, like ghosts?”
“Ghosts?” his tone is concerned.
Ah, crap. 
“Yeah, I mean, do you think that sometimes when people die, they can just, sort of…I dunno. Still be here?”
He rolls onto his back, clasping his hands behind his head.
“If the Sci-fi channel has taught us anything, it’s that ghosts are everywhere.” He chuckles. “All those poor souls and their unfinished business.”
I look over at him. “Unfinished business?”
“Yeah, that’s what keeps them here, at least according those guys on the ghost hunting show. They have stuff they still need to do or something.”
“I didn’t know you watched that crap,” I joke lightly, letting his words roll around in my head. 
“Don’t judge me.” He chuckles. “Why do you ask anyway? You feeling haunted?”
I decide to be as honest as I can. “I feel like, sometimes, I can still hear him. Logan I mean. Or I see him out the corner of my eye.”
“I was that way when my little brother died. For the first little while, it was like I could feel him in the house. Every once in a while, I was sure I’d seen him, but it was always just my mind playing tricks.”
I remember the feeling. That had happened when my dad died too. Rolling over I nuzzle my head into his chest and let him rub my back until I fall asleep. 
I’m dreaming of the cemetery, of Logan’s face as I screamed at him. Behind him, one of the stone angels was walking forward, sword in hand. She stopped behind him and lifted the sword over his head like she was going to cut him in half. 
The crash of thunder wakes me an instant before the now dark sky opens up and begins to pour. I grab the basket as Carlos grabs the blanket and we race for the car, laughing. As soon as I’m in and buckled I look out the window and see Logan standing on the side of the road, staring at me. The smile falls off my face. 

***

By the time we make it to the Tea Room I’m mostly dry. We pull into the narrow lot and park. Carlos reaches into the back seat and pulls out his guitar. 
“Open mic?” I ask hopefully. 
He smiles widely. 
Inside, beyond the initial sitting room that’s all decked out in long red velvet couches and high backed Victorian chairs, the space opens into an area stuffed with small round bistro tables. The walls are covered in gold and bronze gilded mirrors and shelves that are overflowing with ornate vases, candle sticks, and other antiques. I head straight for the table in the back corner, the dimmest corner of the room. On the table, a single candle flickers in a frosted glass mason jar. Out of nowhere Lana ,the owner and resident tea expert, appears.  Lana is about four and a half feet tall, with her long raven hair rolled along her hairline in a 1950’s style wave. Her skin is creased with age, her eyes narrow and warm brown. She throws her arms around me—something she does to all the regulars—and the smell of her thick lavender perfume sticks to me even after she moves on to embrace Carlos. 
“I’m so glad to see you!” she says warmly, just a hint of a Korean accent in her voice. “Sit, sit.”
We slide into our chairs and she gently takes the guitar out of Carlos’s hand. 
“I’ll put this by the stage for you.” 
Taking her free hand to her chin she squints at me. 
“You’ll try the mango ginger tonight, I think. And you, raspberry and honey?”
We both nod and smile. The first time we came I made the mistake of asking for a menu and she just rambled off about fifty teas before telling me what I would have. Since then we never actually get to order for ourselves, she just sort of chooses for us. I don’t really mind. Three years of coming here and she has yet to serve me something I don’t like.
Carlos watches her carefully lean his guitar next to the old jukebox near the stage. The stage is little more than a four foot square of tile with a microphone plugged into an old amp and a faded red stool on it. But this is Carlos’s favorite place to play. It’s quiet and intimate and the acoustics are somehow perfect. 
Turning back quickly, he jerks his head over his shoulder. “He’s here.”
My head snaps to attention. For one idiotic second I think he means Logan. I glance around and don’t see him. “Who?” I ask, confused.
“Behind me to the left. No, my left.”
I glance over. The hot guy from Bloomingdales is here with two friends. 
“Did you…?”
He bristles. “I may have mentioned that I come here to play sometimes. But I certainly didn’t invite him.”
“Why not?”
He tugs the front of his grey vest. “If I’d known he was coming, I would have—“
“Chickened out?”
He raises a shoulder, touching it to his chin in a sassy gesture, “Worn my good blue shirt.”
“Are you still going to sing?” I ask, sitting forward with my elbows on the table.
He rakes a hand through his dark hair. “Of course I am. Maybe. After my tea.”
No sooner does he say the words than Lana comes tottering over with a silver tray. She carefully sets two empty cups on the table in front of us, places a copper tea ball in each one, then lays out the cream, sugar, spoons, and a small plate of fresh lavender scones. 
“Let them steep five minutes,” she orders before turning around and heading to another table to deliver a ticket.
We add the hot water from the small white kettle and wait, knowing full well not obeying her recommended steep time will earn us sharp looks from her later.
Stirring a spoon of sugar into his tea Carlos begins telling me about his audition for Rhett in this year’s production. He wants me to run lines. I smile and agree, knowing that for the third year in a row he will end up as Ashley. Not masculine enough for Rhett is what they tell him. I think they’re just assholes.
“So I was thinking of growing out a beard,” he says, finally taking a sip. “Not a weird hillbilly beard, but one of those, oh I just didn’t have time to shave this week beards.” 
I’m only half listening. Part of my brain is still thinking about what he said earlier, about unfinished business. Could that really be what’s holding Logan here? And if so, what does he need to do to resolve it? I must be staring off into space because the next thing I know, Carlos is snapping his fingers in my face.
“Hello, earth to Zoe?”
“What? Sorry.”
“I asked if you had a back to school entrance strategy.”
I take a long sip of my tea only to pucker when I realize I’ve forgotten to put any sugar in it. “You make it sound like we’re planning a military invasion.”
He sits back, resting his chin in one hand. “Oh, Zoe. You are so sweet. That’s exactly what it is. An invasion of a hostile country. You can try for diplomacy, or you can just go in with guns blazing.” He pauses, giving me a pointed look. “You realize that you could have your pick of any guy in school, right?”
I raise one eyebrow. “Did someone spike your tea?”
“I’m serious. Honey, listen. You have this sort of shell of bitchiness that you hide behind. If you would just open up and let the rest of the world see you the way that I do…”
He trails off. I make a face and stick out my tongue.
“Okay, maybe not exactly how I see you, but you get my drift. I mean, you’re smart, funny, pretty. If it weren’t for your acidic mouth you could be the most popular girl in school.”
I roll my eyes.
“He’s right.” Logan chimes in and I nearly drop my teacup in my lap, choking on the hot liquid.
“You alright there Zoe?” Carlos asks.
I cough into my napkin. He stands to pat my back but I wave him off. 
“I’m fine. Wrong pipe. Sorry.”
“You sure you’re ok? I could Heimlich you if you want.”
He sits back down, his eyes are glinting mischievously. 
“Thanks but I’ll pass.” I nod to the table up front. “Maybe Bloomie Hottie will choke and you can Heimlich him.”
Carlos sighs wistfully. “We can only hope.”
Logan takes a seat in the empty chair beside me, passing through the table to get to it. I try not to look at him.
“Ignoring me now?” he says lightly.
I frown but don’t answer.
“Blink once if you can hear me,” he says with a chuckle.
I scratch the side of my head with my middle finger. He laughs harder. 
This is getting old fast.
I nod to the stage, “Alright, enough stalling. Go sing for me.”
With a wide grin Carlos gets up, leaning over the table to press a quick kiss on my forehead before heading for the stage. He sits down and settles himself in. As soon as he plucks the first chord I’m transfixed. The entire room falls into silence, the only sound is the melody he plays. Closing his eyes he sings one of my favorite songs, a cover of All We Are We Are by Matt Nathanson.
I take a deep breath and let the sound of his voice wash over me.
“He’s really good,” Logan says. 
I don’t even look at him.
“Ok, you are still pissed. I get it. And…I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said those things. I didn’t mean any of it.”
I take my last sip of tea and slide my cup back.
“Come on, Zoe. Please don’t shut me out. I was upset. I didn’t mean it.”
I shift in my seat, letting my hair fall forward into my face as I whisper.
“Yes, you did.”
“No, I really didn’t. Carlos is a good guy, and he’s lucky to have a friend like you.”
I shake my head slowly, not ready to forgive him just yet.
“Carlos is right, you know. You do have this armor around yourself. You should let people in more.”
I turn and glare at him. “Why? All people ever do is let me down or abandon me. Why should I let anyone in? It’s not worth it.”
“You let Carlos in.”
“I let you in too. Look how well that worked out.”
He frowns and lowers his chin. It looks like he wants to say something, but can’t quite figure out the words.
“Do you really want to live that way?” he asks finally.
I shrug and turn back to Carlos. He finishes the last chords and the room erupts into applause.
He stands up and takes a quick bow. Before he can step off the stage Bloomie Hottie stands and stops him, they chat and Carlos busts out his million dollar smile. That poor cashier is toast.
I sigh. “I’m sorry too, Logan. I’m sure being dead is very stressful. Look, I think I might know why you’re still stuck here. Meet me at my house in an hour and we will talk then.”
“Where should I go in the mean time?” his voice is tight, on the cusp of whiny. “Not that I’m having tons of fun hanging here with you.”
I glare at him for a second. 
“I can make a suggestion, but you’ll need a handbasket.”


Need more?  CLICK HERE to continue reading Losing Logan by: Sherry Ficklin.




K.C. Finn


Clean Teen Publishing






For more information about our content disclosure,
please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com.


For Jackson Freeman:
Henri’s biggest fan.



“Wish me luck as you wave me goodbye…”
That’s what they were singing, all along the train. Hordes of children much younger than me, singing and dancing in their drab school uniforms, flinging their gas masks at each other like catapults. Some of them had lost the name labels that were supposed to be pinned to their lapels, those little white tickets that told the billeting officers where they’d come from and where they were going. But they didn’t care; they just went on singing.
“… Cheerio, here I go, on my way…”
I didn’t feel much like singing. It was all too sad and too sudden, leaving Mum at the station in London, being herded onto the great grey engine like cattle. Leighton didn’t understand my thoughtful expression as he stood beside me, rocking with the motion of the carriage. He wanted to sing, I could tell. But he was only ten, a full five years younger than me; he didn’t even know how to feel the way I did. He didn’t worry about when we’d be able to see Mum again.
Or Dad, for that matter.
“Go and join in Leigh,” I pressed, “I’ll be all right without you.”
My little brother didn’t seem sure about that, but he took the opportunity he’d been waiting for all the same. I watched his skinny legs skip into the throng of children until I lost sight of his brown bowl-cut head of hair in the crowd. I looked around hopelessly, confirming once again that I was the only teenager on the train. I cursed under my breath. I’d forgotten to tell Leighton to take care of his label. It didn’t matter so much for the other kids, now trampling on a sea of white paper name tags on the train floor, but our labels were important. Ours were green.
I took another careful look at the train. The guard had passed through our carriage quite some time ago, which meant that the children who had been initially well behaved had now worked themselves up into a frenzy. They were chattering excitedly about where they were being sent, asking the ones that were good at reading to read out notes from their parents, hanging their heads out of the window to catch a taste of the bitter September breeze flying by. They hadn’t noticed me. Nobody really did. So they wouldn’t notice if I were to do something odd.
I closed my eyes, lifting my arms until the base of my palms rested on my forehead. I took two slow breaths. In and out and in and out. I brought my hands gently down over my face until I could feel them casting a shadow against the light streaming in from the window. The chatter of the children faded into a low hum as I began to concentrate hard on Leighton.
A cold shiver passed through me. When I opened my eyes I was four feet tall and standing in the middle of a mass of giggling boys and girls. One girl with curly blonde ringlets gave the shoulder I was attached to a push. I felt her pinchy grip. 
“What’s your name then?” She demanded with a lisp.
“Leighton Cavendish,” I heard my brother’s voice reply.
“Are you goin’ on your own?” The girl asked.
I felt a little dizzy as my brother shook his head.
“No I’m with my sister, Kit,” he explained, “she’s back in the other part of the carriage.”
“Oh yeah,” said the little blonde girl, who I was beginning to think was a rather nasty piece of work. She screwed up her piggy face and shoved Leighton again. I felt the jab harshly. She had hurt him. “Where are you goin’ then? I bet it’s not as good as my place. I’m going to An-jel-see.”
Anglesey, I thought, but I tried my best to keep it to myself. Leighton was fidgeting with his lapels, confirming my worst fears when he dropped his head down to look at them. Through his eyes I saw the pin that should have been holding his green paper label.
“Oh, um,” he stammered, starting to look around.
I followed his gaze in deep concentration, trying to ignore the piggy girl’s laugh as I helped him search the floor of the crowded carriage. I could feel the tension building in his little body, like he knew how angry I might be at him for losing his paper after all the warnings Mum had given him that same morning. His glances became more erratic and harder to follow as he twirled around, but I caught a flash of something in a pea green shade on one of his twists. But I couldn’t make him move back to it and he didn’t seem to want to turn that way again.
Frustrated I thought harder, pushing myself deeper into his head, until I could hear him fretting so loudly in my skull I thought my head would burst. I let out a breath I didn’t know I was holding, trying just to whisper the words in my mind.
Behind your left shoe.
Leighton turned, looking to see where the voice had come from. 
Left’s the other way.
He turned again and to my relief he immediately saw the paper on the ground. As my brother bent to retrieve it I let him go, sinking back into a dizzying blackness for a few seconds until I could see my own hands over my eyes. I let my arms drop, taking a lungful of oxygen in desperately. My head ached and my arms were limp at my side, but I smiled at the sight of Leighton skipping back up the corridor towards me with the slip of green paper in his hand.
“Kit, this came off,” he said as he waved it in my face, “Can you pin it back on please?”
“Perhaps I’d better keep it until we get off,” I suggested, after which he immediately handed the paper over. I didn’t miss the look of relief on his face.

***

Most of the children had settled into sleepy little heaps by the time we finally crossed the border into North Wales, which gave me some time to recover from my little trip into Leighton’s head. I wasn’t supposed to do things like that in public places. Nobody had ever told me so, exactly, but then nobody else knew what I could do. I just knew that the closed-eye deep breathing thing would look odd to me if I saw someone else doing it, and God only knows what I looked like when my mind was otherwise engaged. 
Probably like some great gawking ape, with my bristling curly hair the colour of ginger biscuits flying out in all directions, my indigo eyes dark and dead to all in my immediate space. I laughed to myself silently so I didn’t disturb the sleeping masses. If those kids had seen me use my ability, then they were likely to forget it, perhaps write it off as teenagers just being odd and doing strange things. So long as no-one important ever caught me, I’d be safe.
The train guard re-entered the carriage with the jangle of keys, stepping gently down the central aisle and shaking his head at the carpet of labels under his feet. He caught my eye and gave a “Tsk, tsk”. I just nodded politely whilst he approached.
“We’ll be at your station in a few minutes, Miss Cavendish,” the kindly old guard informed. He had a voice as smoky as the puffs passing the train window. “You’d best wake your brother and I’ll help you alight.”
“Thank you sir,” I said with a small smile.
I could feel the tremble in my chest as I gave Leighton a little push. He was curled up on the seat beside me with his head in my lap. He unfurled himself like a cat and rubbed his sleepy blue eyes as I told him the news from the guard. When he’d got himself together he nodded and climbed off of the seat so I could shuffle over to the edge in preparation. Sure enough the train slowed a moment later and the watchful guard crouched down beside me. 
“If you’ll pardon me, Miss,” he said as he put one hand under my knees. I said nothing, feeling terribly awkward as I put my arm around his shoulder, letting him lift me out of the seat. “Come along young Mister,” the guard said to Leighton in haste, “you’ll have to carry the chair.”
The strong old guard took me down the steps from the carriage onto the platform. Over his shoulder I watched Leighton scrambling down in pursuit of him, clanking my poor metal wheelchair along behind him. It hit every step on the way down, making me shudder.
“Can you stand for a moment Miss, whilst I work out this fancy folding chair of yours?” asked the guard with a patient smile. I panicked instantly. Stand? Fall was far more likely. But Leighton saved me with an outburst.
“Oh it’s easy!”
Leigh was already well away attacking the chair, pushing it to and fro until he could slam down the middle and put the tubular frames in the right places. The old guard looked relieved and impressed at the same time as he set me down into the seat. I felt the redness rising in my cheeks at his kindness. He patted me on the head and straightened up.
“I’ll fetch your bags Miss,” he said with a smile, “You wave those green tickets about until the billet man sees you.”
I looked around the dirty, smoky railway platform into the mass of unlabelled children now wandering aimlessly along in clumps. The billeting officer wasn’t hard to spot at all; he was the tall one in the middle of a particularly large clump of younger children, most of whom were crying. The billet man looked like he wanted to cry too. He was an older man, though not as grey and bristly as the train guard and as the bawling children were shuffled to and fro I realised that he was wearing a policeman’s uniform under an open beige jacket. I waved my green label towards his field of vision just as the train guard said, but he didn’t notice us. The green was supposed to signal us as a special case because of my chair. He should have been looking out for us, but now I could see he was too busy in the throng of cry-babies to even look up.
Eventually we were introduced when the guard took us and our one suitcase over into the eye of the child storm. I was wet from the explosion of tears instantly, pulling a handkerchief from the pocket of my knit jumper to wipe my face. It was always awful being at the same eye level as small children and large animals. On this occasion I would have preferred the large animals over this noisy mess of kids who had just realised they wouldn’t be seeing Mummy again for a while now that their train adventure was over. I couldn’t hear a word that the billet man said over the din, but eventually he took control of pushing my wheelchair and made off for the station exit. 
I turned weakly in my chair to wave goodbye to the kind old guard, feeling the noise of the busy platform fade away. My head felt normal again at last.
“I’ve just got to transfer my duties to Officer Jones, then I’ll be accompanying you two up to the village.”
His accent was a terribly thick Welsh one and it was actually several minutes after he had gone back to the station before I could translate exactly what he had said and tell it to Leighton again. We were in a little car park where a cold wind nipped against my stockings, making my knees ache under my pleated skirt. I should have worn something warmer. Mum was always telling me to worry about the weather more. But then she wouldn’t have abandoned me in a car park in the first place. 
The flustered officer assigned to help us on Evacuation Day was Officer Lewis. When he returned, I was wheeled into the back of a large hospital car especially built for the purpose. I had to admit the shiny white car filled me with a little excitement. When Leigh came to sit opposite me on a bench inside the back of the vehicle, he looked around him with a big smile.
“Nice this Kit,” he mused, “Do you think it means the people looking after us are rich?”
“No such luck young man,” said Lewis from the front passenger seat, “This is the doctor’s private car, this, you’ll only see it when you’re going up his office.”
Again it took some time to translate, the way Lewis mashed all his words together into a melodious jangle was hard on our London ears, but I got enough words from the mix to know I shouldn’t expect a chauffeur. Although I probably would be in this car quite often, given the circumstances. The pin in my jumper where the green label clung to me was starting to itch. I took it off gently, saving the pin against the fabric strap of my gas mask holder and tried to read the address we were destined for.
Ty Gwyn, Bryn Eira Bach
That was it. No borough, no postcode, not even a house number. I stretched forward to give the paper to Leighton whose little eyes were craning to see it. A lot of good it’d do him. He scrumpled his face at the address.
“Tie goy-un?” he asked, “What kind of address is tie goy-un?”
Lewis curved his head round his seat, looking at the paper over Leigh’s little shoulders.
“Tie indeed,” he tutted, “That’s Ty Gwyn that is. Lovely big farm house on the edge of the village. You’ll love it there.”
He said it as Tee Gwin. I tried to remember it, murmuring it on my lips. It would be so rude to say it wrong to the people who were kind enough to take us in for the duration of the threat in London, perhaps even for the duration of the war. Tee Gwin. The thought of a farm house didn’t appeal in the least to me, all I could think of was how cold and drafty it would be in the winter months, but Leighton was all over the idea, scrambling up the bench to turn and talk to Officer Lewis.
“A farm!” he squealed, stamping his feet, “Will there be pigs and chickens and things to chase around?”
“I don’t know if they’ll appreciate you chasing ‘em much, bach, but yes there will be animals about the place.” Lewis’s round face smiled at Leighton before he turned his brown eyes on me. “Oh it’s a lovely village this, you’ll have everything you could ever want in Bryn Eira Bach.”
I felt a bitter taste in my mouth, but I smiled back before I looked out of the window. Unless this distant village could somehow make me able-bodied again and then give me a handsome young chap to go dancing with, I knew that Lewis’s promises, and my hopes, couldn’t ever come true. 


The doctor’s private car took us an awfully long way from the station, over sparse grassy hills and down little brown roads that led to yet more hills. We had gone over so many bumps that I could feel the restraints on my chair starting to loosen, but just as I began to worry that I’d be flung out of my seat at the next bend, the car finally stopped. Out of one window I saw a mass of misty fields with the vague shadow of mountains in the background. From the other I just caught sight of a lot of out buildings ranging in shape and size. Barns and things, I supposed.
Ty Gwyn was straight ahead of us, so I didn’t see the huge white building until I was properly out of the car. Officer Lewis started to wheel me up to it over the bumpy gravel path, jarring my spine with every pebble. I tried to keep smiling and made sure my clothes and hair were neat as we approached. When Lewis rang the doorbell the ancient sound echoed out of the cracks in the wood around the window panes. A few birds roosting in the eaves of the big white farm house suddenly took flight, making Leighton jump. He shuffled from foot to foot, biting his little pink lip. 
The tiniest girl I had ever seen answered the door. She was short and willowy with huge blue eyes and tawny brown hair sticking up at funny angles. Her plain little dress was stained with something that looked like blueberries. She clung to its hem as she looked up at Officer Lewis, then she suddenly broke into a great beaming smile, showing off her stumpy white teeth.
“Ble mae Mam?” Lewis asked the little girl.
I tried to pick out the English as usual, but this time I couldn’t. Leighton gave me a wide eyed look, scrunching his nose.
“Yn y gegin yn paratoi cinio,” the little girl replied. I marvelled at the complex language falling out of such a tiny mouth. 
“Dod â Mam yma!” Lewis added with a flick of his hand.
The little girl scampered away, leaving the door wide open. I would have waited, but Lewis seemed to take that as the invitation to go inside. He wheeled me in over the bumpy threshold of the wide farmhouse door and into a big reception space, adjusting Leighton until he stood up straight beside me. Everything in this part of the house was either black or white. Black tiles lined the cold stone floor. White lacy doilies covered the shelves of an old black dresser in the corner, next to an even older metal coat stand that was ready to fall over with the amount of coats flung upon it. 
I looked at the steep, black stairs fearfully. If I was expected to climb them every day and night, I would surely die before I even reached breakfast tomorrow. My joints ached at the very prospect of it. 
“Nawr te, who do we have yur then?” 
The woman’s accent echoing down the corridor was thankfully much clearer than Lewis’s. She almost sang the words as she appeared from under a white doorway right in front of us. The woman had a rosy face and the same tawny hair as the little girl, though hers was pulled back into a more practical style. She was older than Mum but younger than Granny, with a cooking apron tied over her broad, rounded figure. She had the kindest smile in the world as she approached, rubbing her coarse hands together excitedly.
“Oh aren’t you just lovely, the pair of you!”
She dropped to her knees before us and pulled my shoulder forward for a hug. My chair gave me a little space at least from her lovingly iron grip, but Leighton had no such luck. He was pulled straight into her ample chest where he could hardly breathe from the warmth of her embrace. He emerged red-faced a moment later, stumbling backwards.
“Leighton, Catherine,” Officer Lewis explained, “This is Mrs Gladys Price, your new guardian.”
“Call me Mam if you like,” she added, “Everyone does round yur.”
Mam stayed at eye level with me, crouching on the floor with her warm hand on my knee. She smelled like cakes and biscuits and her voice had a soft melodic note, like there was music in every word she spoke. 
“Thank you Mam,” I said and Leighton repeated me. I was embarrassed at how stiff my voice sounded, but Mam didn’t seem to notice.
“Well come in, come in!” she said, yanking herself up to her full height, “You must be starving after that journey!”
The mention of any kind of food had won Leighton over immediately. He bounced on his heels as Mam circled him to take the back of my chair. We said goodbye to Officer Lewis as he doffed his hat, then suddenly we were off at Mam’s brisk pace down a dark corridor until we emerged into a massive kitchen. A huge oval table made of dark wood sat in the centre of the space, already laden with cakes, sandwiches and a big jug of fruit cordial. Leigh’s jaw dropped to the ground.
“Oh sit down love, tuck in,” Mam said to him as she wheeled me up to the near end of the table. I could already see the space where a chair had been moved away to accommodate me.
My little brother wasted no time in heeding her. He took off his cap as he dropped into a wooden chair near me and reached out for a sandwich the size of a doorstop, taking an impossibly large bite compared to the size of his mouth. Mam sat herself down just opposite me and the tiny little girl who had answered the door came running up to her. Scooping her up with warm, wide arms, Mam set the girl on her knee and caught my eye.
“Is this your daughter?” I asked, giving the little girl a grin. She shied away, but she was smiling too.
“Yeah,” Mam nodded proudly, “this is Vanessa. We call her Ness Fach. My little miracle she is!” She cuddled Ness close before setting her down again. 
“What do you mean?” asked Leighton with a mouthful of bread and cheese. I made a point of remembering to tell him off for bad manners later.
“Well yur’s me with three grown up children, then suddenly Ness comes along out of the blue! I didn’t even know I was pregnant for a while!”
Mam sat back with a happy sigh, watching Ness Fach, who was eyeing Leighton with interest. She put her nose up to the edge of the kitchen table and stood on tiptoe to look at him.
“Do you speak English?” Leighton asked her.
“Yeah,” she said unsurely. I could see the fascination in her little face. Girls always liked the look of Leighton. It was going to be a problem when he got older, I knew. “How old are you?” Ness mumbled.
“Ten,” Leigh replied, “What about you?”
“Three,” she said more strongly.
“You’re a tall girl for three,” I observed with extra enthusiasm, and she turned and beamed at me. “This is Leighton, and I’m Catherine.” Ness nodded her tiny tawny head. “And my friends call me Kit. If you like, we can be friends, then you can call me Kit as well.”
Ness Fach took a moment to take in the proposition.
“Kit,” she said shyly.
“That’s right,” I replied.
Ness suddenly scampered off again, disappearing out of the kitchen door and back down the dark corridor. Mam watched her go, shaking her head.
“She’ll be getting her Dolly to show you now,” Mam explained, “Everyone has to meet Dolly. You haven’t touched your food yet love.”
I started to fill a small plate with food, feeling my heart settle like it was being laid on a fluffy pillow. The situation could have been so beastly for Leigh and me, but things were definitely on the up. I wanted to be as polite and likeable as possible for Mam, hoping that Leighton’s evident delight in her cooking was enough to ingratiate him for the moment.
“You said you had three other children Mam?” I asked, taking a bite of a cucumber sandwich.
“Oh yes,” she answered with great warmth in her tone, “My two eldest, the boys, they’re with their father in the RAF, learning to fly at Porth Neigwl.  It’s a bit of a way from yur, too far to visit like, but it’s nice to know they’re still on Welsh soil, isn’t it?”
“Do you suppose they’ll be training for the war?” I asked, fascinated.
A softness came to Mam’s eyes, her smile faded just slightly before she brushed off her apron. “Oh if they’re as brave as their father, they’ll be out there battering the Germans in no time,” she exclaimed, “He was in the first war you know, my Clive.” She smiled again proudly as I ate. “And,” she continued, “I have a daughter, who is in the house somewhere. I don’t know where she’s got to, actually, I did tell her you were coming.”
Even as she was saying the words there came a clattering sound and a voice answered her: “She’s been all over the house, actually, because her mother gave her a million impossible things to do before lunchtime.”
The young woman who entered the kitchen was carrying a large stack of washing which she dumped onto a counter with a huff. She was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen, with pale skin and blonde curls and sparkling blue eyes. I envied her instantly, most especially her strong, slender legs. I’d have bet any money in the world that she was good at dancing. 
“Blodwyn, this is Catherine and Leighton Cavendish,” Mam said in her sing song voice, “They’re just arrived from London.”
“Pleasure,” said Blodwyn without smiling. Her voice didn’t quite have the same melody as her mother’s. “I’d be more welcoming, of course, if someone hadn’t worn me out asking me to do every bloody chore in the house, whilst she set about making a ridiculously big lunch that the five of us couldn’t possibly bloody eat.”
“What’s all this language, Blod?” Mam chided in a shrill tone. She seemed more amused by her daughter’s moaning than annoyed. She turned to me with a knowing look. “I thought she’d grow out of this attitude when she stopped being a teenager, you know, but she turned twenty last month and there’s been no change.”
The beautiful girl gave a frustrated groan so loud that it startled Leighton, who spilt the cordial he was drinking on his shirt. He looked at the pink stain with a frown.
“Oh dear!” Mam said kindly, “Let’s get that cleaned up quick, come with me love.”
Leighton obeyed, exiting the kitchen by the far door. I saw him take Mam’s hand as they went and I smiled, content that he was going to be well looked after at Ty Gwyn. When they had gone I realised that Blodwyn was watching me. She was leaning her perfect frame against the sink with a thoughtful look clouding her eyes. 
“I’d love to be twenty,” I said awkwardly, “I bet you’ve got all kinds of freedom about the village.”
“Not any more,” Blod said, her rosy lips turning to a sneer, “Thanks to your arrival, I might add.” She folded her arms sharply. “Now that you’re here, Mam says I have to pick up the slack, because she’s going to be busy seeing to you all the time.”
I got the distinct impression that she didn’t mean ‘me and Leighton’ when she said ‘you’. She was looking at my wheelchair disdainfully and I felt like I wanted it to fold up and swallow me whole. Blod approached me suddenly, her blonde tresses flowing like some vicious goddess. Her blue eyes hardened as she looked down into my face.
“So don’t go thinking we’ll be like sisters, or friends, or anything like that,” she snarled, “Because all you mean to me is more bloody work.”
She stormed away after that, nearly knocking Ness off her feet as the little girl appeared in the doorway. She groaned that loud groan again in anger. “Out the way, pest!”
Ness stumbled around her so she could continue to parade from the room in fury. The little girl blinked in surprise, but she didn’t seem upset by her sister’s remarks. Instead she caught sight of me and started to smile again, ambling up with her hands behind her back. She bit her lip, then brought her arms around to her front to reveal a little ragdoll with ginger-brown hair the same shade as mine.
“Dolly!” she said proudly.
I tried to smile for her, but it was suddenly difficult again.


I needn’t have worried about where I was going to sleep; it seemed Mam had thought of everything when it came to taking on an evacuee with an illness. She had turned her husband’s sitting room at the back of the house into a bedroom for me so that I would never have the stairs to tackle. There was a fireplace, a wash basin and some basic ablutions to help me stay comfortable and plenty of space around the single bed for my chair to get around the room. I rather thought the bed had come from a hospital, but I didn’t like to ask too many questions on the first day. 
Mam left me to change for bed, which I could manage alone most of the time. I hauled myself out of my chair by leaning on the bed frame, then sat on the edge of the bed and shuffled out of my day clothes and into my nightie. My stockings were the hardest thing to get off; I realised sadly that Mum had always been the one to pull them off at the toes. But I managed eventually and I was rather proud of myself when Mam returned and found me wriggling in under the warm white covers. 
I knew right away though, that she could see the pain it had caused me to get about half a foot from the chair into the bed. I could feel my cheeks glowing red, my arms aching from putting all my weight on them, but I didn’t like to think about the pain, much less to talk about it. Mam helped me with the last of the covers as I put my head on the pillow. She put a small glass of water and a biscuit on the bedside table.
“My bedroom’s right above yur,” she said softly, “so if you get into trouble you give me a shout.”
“Thank you,” I answered, stifling a yawn.
“You get a good rest love,” she continued, “I had a telephone call tonight. They’re sending a car for you tomorrow to go and meet your new doctor.”
The news was not the kind that encouraged a good night’s sleep. I thanked Mam politely and she put out the light, closing my door with a gentle hand. But when she had gone I shuffled my aching legs restlessly and rubbed my upper arms where they had taken on the strain. I didn’t relish the idea of being prodded and poked by a new physician, it was bad enough being examined once a month by Doctor Baxendale in London and I’d known him since I was twelve when all the pain began. I wondered idly what the new doctor might be like, but the more I wondered, the more I worried, and I decided instead that my mind needed a different occupation tonight.
Aside from Leighton and my mother, I had never been able to use my secret gift to intentionally enter anyone else’s head. I had always supposed it was familiarity that allowed me such easy access into their minds, but I also knew that my psychic ability sometimes had a farther reach. Most especially when I was sleeping, in fact. It had started to happen when I was around eight or nine, but of course for a long time I thought they were dreams. Dreams where I was in someone else’s head, looking through their eyes, hearing them speak and feeling their innermost emotions like they were my own.
Now as I lay in my new bed of my new home, I closed my eyes, hoping that something interesting would come my way as I surrendered my mind to slumber.

***

Generally I didn’t like looking through the eyes of men, and I knew this one was a man as soon as I saw the huge black boots crossed on the desk in front of me. He was clipping the end off of a cigar with two great hairy hands that looked rather old in a pale blue room with expensive-looking paintings on every wall. He lit the cigar and I felt the wave of satisfaction he got from the first long inhale he took. I was grateful at least that my powers did not extend to having to smell the smoke from the beastly thing, and I hoped that they never would.
The smoking man wasn’t alone in his room for long. He turned my viewpoint to a set of doors painted in blue and gold as another man entered the room. My man leapt out of his seat so fast I felt sick from the transition; he was standing upright and saying something to the new chap in a language that I didn’t understand. I saw the new arrival properly then, in his grey-green suit and trousers. No, not a suit. A uniform. His collar had two red rectangles sticking out under his fat chin, each covered in golden leaf patterns. A row of coloured medals adorned the man’s chest and his hat bore the symbol of a bird of prey in flight, with a u-shaped golden laurel thing and what looked like a target in the middle. And under the bird of prey was a symbol I knew. A swastika.
“Generalfeldmarschall,” said the man whose head I occupied. I felt him give some kind of salute; his heart was suddenly pounding in my ears. 
Even as I dreamed, I knew I was seeing something I shouldn’t be. I drifted in and out of consciousness as the men began their conversation in what I now knew had to be the German tongue. There was a trick to maintaining focus in my sleep that I had not quite mastered; it was hard to stay alert when I knew that I was actually already unconscious. I noticed that the man whose mind I held also had the grey-green sleeves of the military uniform on. The other more superior man had ordered him to clear his desk, after which he laid out a map for him, and me, to see. 
I had never been any good at Geography, even when I was still healthy enough to attend school. The map was a funny looking coastline with all sorts of jagged bits that didn’t make sense, as though someone had taken a knife to the country and cut long deep valleys of water into it, with other valleys jutting off to the sides. If it was a country I knew by name then it wasn’t one I’d ever bothered to look up on a map, but through my man’s eyes I was forced to study it closely and carefully. I could feel his nerves rising the more his superior talked at him, until the high ranking man slammed a strong, old finger down on the map at a space on the coast.
Oslo.
I knew the city’s name, but the country was still lost on me. As I tried to pull the information from my conscious memory I felt the familiar cold shiver start to creep up my spine. I tried to resist, tried to stay with the mind I had found, but I knew really that it was too late. The connection was fading. I was falling into a proper sleep.

***

I awoke the next morning to the sound of birds outside the window, which alarmed me at first. The only birds to ever wake me in London were the pigeons, and whatever was outside in the farmland right now was much louder and less considerate than they were. As I lay flat looking up at the black beams of the ceiling my mind drifted back to the German viewpoint I had discovered the night before. It was such a fabulous possibility, to be able to see right into the war. I sighed heavily, knowing that it would be pure luck to ever get back to it again. 
I jolted my spine as I heard my door starting to open, but I was relieved to find it was only Leighton stumbling in. The sight of him in his stripy red and white pyjamas made me ache for Mum and home suddenly. He had a sad look on his usually cheeky face that made me suspect he was feeling the same way. Leigh said nothing as he rounded my bed and clambered in, taking the biscuit Mam had left me the night before and starting to munch. He cuddled up next to me very slowly; he knew how difficult my morning stiffness was. It hurt to bring my arm down and put it around him, but I did it anyway.
“Is your bedroom nice?” I asked him as I felt his little jaw chewing against my side.
“It’s bigger than at home,” he answered with his mouth full, “But I had strange dreams.”
“Don’t blame the room for that,” I soothed, rubbing his back, “That’s just you stuffing your face with cheese all day.”
Leighton giggled for a moment, but it faded away. “Do want help to sit up?” he asked.
I felt a pang inside. Mum had always been the one to hoist me up in the morning. I wasn’t even sure that Leighton would be strong enough to pull me. 
We had just about managed it between us when Mam arrived in the room, looking very smart in a pink dress that clung to her round shape. She thanked Leigh for helping and told him to dress before breakfast, which he found very odd indeed. At home he and Mum had always eaten jam on toast upstairs in my room whilst I tried to get my strength together for the day. The smell of cooked breakfast food wafted in as he stood there in doubt and I smiled as it tempted him away to find his clothes. 
“Do have something smart to wear Kit?” Mam asked as she gently brought me nearer the edge of the bed.
I was about to ask what for until I remembered with dread. The German in my head had pushed out the appointment, but now I knew once again that I had a date with the doctor not long from now.

***

Leighton was invited to stop at home and explore Ty Gwyn whilst we went over the hill to meet the doctor. Though I didn’t like the thought of Blod’s version of looking after him, he seemed keen to have a wander round the out buildings in search of chickens and things, so I put my faith in Mam and let him stay. It wasn’t fair really to drag him out to sit in a doctor’s waiting room anyway, no matter how much I needed a familiar face with me. I knew Mam had sensed my nerves because she put her warm hand over mine all the way to the surgery in the car. Every time I looked at her rosy face she was smiling, which made me feel a tiny bit better when the lovely white car pulled up outside a little cottage.
It certainly wasn’t the whitewashed, sterile office in Bethnal Green that I was used to. When Mam wheeled me inside I was fascinated by the photographs of happy miners and farmers on the walls and the cosy collection of various armchairs that had been donated to make up the waiting room. The secretary that took some information from me was a dear old lady who offered me sweets as she starting telling Mam all the latest news from the village itself. I tuned out of the conversation, settling into the place and enjoying the smell of fresh flowers and peppermints as I waited.
“Catherine Cavendish?”
“Oh hello Doctor Bickerstaff,” Mam said, wheeling me round to the source of the voice.
My first thought was that he looked like Robert Taylor the film star, except that he was much more fair-haired. Mum had taken me to see A Yank In Oxford last year in Leicester Square for my birthday treat. Doctor Bickerstaff couldn’t have been a day over 30. He was smartly dressed with big blue eyes that landed on Mam. He gave her a polite nod, and when he spoke again I realised that he was English.
“Ah Mrs Price, good day. I’d like to see Miss Cavendish alone for the initial assessment if you don’t mind.”
“No, no, whatever you think is best Doctor,” Mam answered. It was clear that she revered the young professional a great deal.
Bickerstaff looked down at me, but he didn’t move to take my chair. I didn’t move either, of course, which left us in a strange, awkward staring contest for a moment. The fair doctor folded his arms.
“Well?” he demanded, “Can’t you wheel yourself?”
There was something terribly harsh in his voice like a schoolmaster. I felt my nerves rising again.
“No of course not,” I answered, half anxious and half annoyed. Couldn’t he see how incapable I was?
Doctor Bickerstaff sneered, and suddenly he wasn’t so much like a film star.
“How disappointing,” he observed. 
He walked with disturbingly brisk strides to take my chair and wheeled me very quickly into his office. I had to hold on to my armrests so as not to slide out of the chair when he stopped short of his desk. Instead of sitting behind it he pulled up a chair opposite me and took a paper file from his desk, ignoring me for several uncomfortable minutes as he consulted it.
“Juvenile Arthritis,” he concluded, snapping the file shut.
“Excuse me Doctor,” I said quietly, “But Doctor Baxendale called it Still’s Disease. Is that the same thing?”
“Your Doctor Baxendale’s an idiot.” Bickerstaff hardly looked at me when he spoke. “He doesn’t know his ilium from his olecranon. Now, I want to see you stand. Get up.”
He said it like it was an easy thing to do. The blonde sat back in his chair expectantly, making it quite clear that he wouldn’t be giving me a pull to help me to my feet. I steeled myself, reaching both hands out to grip his desk ready to make the effort. When my feet found the ground I could already feel the pinch where the skin around my ankles was swollen, when I pressed a little weight onto them the sensation was like somebody inserting a screwdriver right into the joint and twisting it hard. I cried out at the first sharp moment of pain, looking at the doctor viciously.
“I can’t,” I said through gritted teeth, “I’m sorry Doctor, but I can’t.”
“Get up,” he repeated.
I felt the hotness of water rising behind my eyes but I did my best to bite back the tears that wanted to come pouring out. I felt like his stern face might just break into a smile if I did. The only way to win the argument was to prove myself right. With an almighty force I hurled myself onto my feet as though I was shifting my weight onto a bed or another chair, but instead I used the desk to push all of my weight onto my legs. My knees buckled under me after just a few seconds and I felt myself dropping to the floor like a crumpled sack of vegetables.
And Doctor Bickerstaff let me fall.
He actually let my head hit the lino floor in his office before he even moved a muscle. After I had landed the impact sent a shockwave of pain through me so hot I’d have sworn I’d been set on fire. It was then that Bickerstaff got up to assist. He lifted my weak little frame with ease back into my wheelchair in seconds. I kept my head down, determined to show him no gratitude for the aid, since it was his fault I’d fallen in the first place.
“I told you I can’t do it,” I spat, seething as blood flushed into my cheeks.
“How interesting,” he said. 
Out of the corner of my eye I could see him offering me a tissue. I snatched it out of his hand like a child in my rage. Interesting? I’m sure he’d find it terribly interesting if he fell flat on his face and nobody gave him any sympathy. After I had dried my eyes I managed to look at him again, but he had his nose back in the file and he was writing something down. Then without even checking on me he got up and went to call Mam into the room. To my great relief she came in in a flurry as soon as she saw me red-faced and teary.
“What’s this now?” she demanded as she pulled up the chair the doctor had been using and wrapped one matronly arm around my shoulders.
“Nothing to worry about Mrs Price,” Bickerstaff said casually, “Catherine’s had a bit of a strain from the physical test I gave her.”
A bit of a strain? Rude as it was for a young lady, I wanted to slap him across the face. If I had had the strength, I might have. The young doctor took his place behind his desk and pulled open a noisy drawer, producing four large objects made of fabric and wood. There were two boards about the length and width of shoe boxes with fabric straps attached to them, followed by two more that were only about the length of a domino box. The smaller ones had two boards each on them with a strap going all the way around, as though they were designed to be wrapped around something. 
“What are those?” I asked, my nose turning up against them.
“Your treatment,” Bickerstaff replied in that same clinical voice. He turned his attention to Mam. “Catherine’s condition is quite serious, I’m afraid, and her previous doctor has done very little to improve her chances in the last three years. We must resist the contractive fusing of her joints overnight before it becomes permanent.” Mam was hooked on every word he said, nodding profusely. “Every night for the duration of the night, Catherine must wear these splints on her knees and elbows to keep the joints straight and prevent contraction.”
“Every night?” I exclaimed, looking at the horrible hefty things with loathing. 
“And I want her to practise propelling herself in the chair,” Doctor Bickerstaff continued as though he hadn’t heard me at all, “So give her some old gloves to handle the wheels and encourage her to move short distances alone. Don’t be tempted to help her.”
Don’t help me. Had he really just said that? 


I told Leighton about the horrible Doctor Bickerstaff when we got back to Ty Gwyn and he called him some names that I didn’t know were even in a ten year old’s vocabulary. I should have told him off for them, but in truth it made me happy to see Leigh go for him. He promised me that when he grew big and strong he’d punch the nasty doctor on the nose, but as he mimicked the punches I noticed his hands were pink and pruney. I made him come closer so I could take a look.
“What have you been up to?” I asked him, looking at the crinkly skin on his little palms.
“Blod made me wash up the dinner service,” he said with a scowl, “There were loads of dishes. She says someone special is coming to dinner.”
“And I’ll bet Mam asked her to do it, not you,” I added with a frown.
We were in the kitchen having a drink when the culprit returned to the scene of the crime. Blod strode in wearing a flowing cotton dress and high heeled shoes. She had a sunhat on and a magazine and I knew exactly what she had been doing whilst Leighton was enslaved with her chores. 
“Enjoy yourself catching the last bit of summer, did you Blod?” I asked.
She turned with a wicked grin, taking off her hat. “I’m trying to keep my legs a nice colour for the harvest dance,” she explained, “Not your kind of concern, I suppose.”
I had tried to reason that Blod might come around to our presence in time, but twenty four hours with the young woman had done nothing to support that idea. Blodwyn Price was a cow, and that was that.
“Listen you,” I said, channelling all my rage from the Doctor Bickerstaff encounter into my voice, “You don’t tell my brother what to do. Only Mam’s in charge of us here. Not you and not anyone else.” 
“Oh really?” Blod answered, “And what are you going to do? Leap out of that chair and knock me down if I’m mean to you? I don’t think so somehow.”
I was all the more angry because she was right. If there was ever a time to learn to propel myself in this chair it was now. Perhaps if I got good enough I could run her over. 
“No, but I’m sure Mam would have something to say about the state of Leighton’s hands,” I countered.
Blod’s beautiful face faltered for just a moment. “Well, if you want me to get on with the chores so badly, then clear out the pair of you. Bampi’s coming for dinner and he’s not going to want to see you scruffy articles cluttering up the place.”
Leigh took the handles of my chair and pushed me out of the kitchen slowly. When we made it to the black and white hall I told him to stop and open my bedroom door. As he did so I reached down beside my leg and produced the old pair of leather driving gloves that Mam had fished out of her husband’s old trunk. Leighton watched me from the door. I put on the tough gloves and gripped the wheels of my chair, starting to push.
But nothing happened. The pressure wasn’t enough. I pushed harder, feeling my elbows start to strain. When they were stretched so far out that my shoulders started to tense I felt movement at last, but the pain was too much to push again. I had to stop for breath. I had wheeled half an inch, perhaps less, and already my bones were creaking. I dropped my arms, exhausted. I could feel my heart banging on my ribcage in protest at the effort.
“Honestly that Doctor’s got no clue,” I sighed, “How does he think this is even possible?”
Leighton made his punching motions again and I laughed, taking off the gloves.
“Shall I push you then?” he offered.
“Yes please,” I replied, “You heard Evil Blod; we have to get scrubbed up for dinner with a Bampi, whatever that is.”
It turned out that Bampi was the pet name for Blod and Ness’s grandfather, Idrys Pengelly, who was the owner and operator of the farmlands around Ty Gwyn. He was Mam’s father and he lived in a cottage on the far side of the pasture behind the house where the cows grazed, so Ness Fach was the first to spot him coming when she was playing outside that evening. At her announcement that Bampi was walking through the field, Mam helped me into the sitting room so Leighton and I could be introduced. 
The first thing we knew of him was his booming voice as he entered Ty Gwyn; I could hear him greeting Ness in the wide hallway. He came into the sitting room at Mam’s call carrying her under his arm like a briefcase whilst she giggled. Idrys Pengelly was a tall old man with the same rosy face as his daughter. When he smiled he had several missing teeth at the sides of his mouth, which was surrounded by a reddish beard and moustache. The hair on his head was much more grey and nestled largely under a flat-cap, which he took off as he dropped Ness onto the sofa beside him.
“Well now,” he said loudly, patting his knees with a thump, “Who do we have yur then?”
He spoke almost exactly like Mam save for the deep, echoing tone that threatened to shake the roof from its rafters. I instantly liked him with his warm smile and the fact that he had worn his bright blue farmer’s overalls to dinner, he reminded me of my own Granddad, who had died when I was eight. 
“I’m Catherine, Mr Pengelly, but people call me Kit.”
“Short for Kitty, isit?” he asked. I nodded happily, then nudged my brother in the side.
“Oh! I’m Leighton,” he said with a start.
“Are you indeed?” Idrys replied. “Well come yur and let me look at you.”
Leigh gave me a nervous look but I pushed him in the back, grinning. He approached the old man very slowly until he was close enough for Idrys to take hold of his shoulders. He looked at him carefully with an approving smile. 
“Ie, ie,” the old man said, “you’re a strapping boy all right. But what’s this behind yur yur?”
“Behind my what?” Leighton asked, but Idrys had already put his hand up to my brother’s ear. He pulled back his hand to reveal a shiny sixpence, grinning at Leigh. 
“I think this must be yours mate,” he supposed, “I wouldn’t keep it back there, if I were you.”
Leighton took the coin with a look of amusement on his face.
“Say thank you,” I pressed and he did, but very shyly. 
“Blod and I’ll get the dinner on,” Mam said from the doorway, “We’ll call you when it’s ready Da.”
“Ta love,” Idrys replied.
He settled back comfortably into the sofa and Ness crawled onto his knee and lay down, looking up at the ceiling. Idrys tickled her belly until she ran away to the corner with a huge grin. 
“It’s lovely to have young people in the house again,” the old Bampi remarked, “Ness is too young to yur my stories, see?”
“What stories?” Leighton asked, learning forward eagerly in his armchair. 
“Well I was in the first war, see, the Great War, but I must’ve told Blod a hundred times and well, she’s grown up now init? She’s yurd it all.”
“I’m sure we’d love to hear some stories before dinner, Mr Pengelly.” It wasn’t just that hearing about the war would be interesting; the mention of Blod made me feel the need to escape from the present moment for a little while. 
“Well then,” Idrys said happily, “D’you want to yur about the battles or the spies?”
“Ooh!” Leighton exclaimed, raising his hand like he was in a schoolroom, “The spies please!”
“In that case, I’ll tell you something you’d never believe and you tell me if you think it could be true.” Idrys leaned forward and steeped his fingers together, his loud voice becoming softer as he started his tale. “When I was in Dover waiting to be sent out to France, there was a spy billeted with us, sleeping in our barracks, like. It was his job to infiltrate the German forces and look at their top secret plans, but he did it all without ever leaving Dover.”
Idrys paused for effect.
“What? How?” Leighton asked impatiently. I found myself eager for the answer too.
“Well, he was what you’d call a psychic,” Idrys answered, “He said he could travel, in his mind’s eye, to see things on other continents.” 
I felt my breath catch in my throat.
“But that’s ridiculous!” Leighton exclaimed, slapping his leg, “That’s like a fairy-tale thing!”
“Ah well,” Idrys said, holding up a finger emphatically, “I thought that too, so did all the fellas, so we asked this psychic if he’d prove it to us.”
“And what did he do?” I asked, finding that my voice was trembling. I had never met anyone who talked about things like this before, never heard anything even slightly similar to my secret gift outside of fiction.
“Well we locked him in the loo see, where it was pitch dark and he couldn’t talk to no-one, then we sent our mate Billy into the billet. Billy went round taking things out of everyone’s packs and cupboards and putting them in new places. Then we sent Billy away so he couldn’t give no hints and brought this spy fella back to the billet. He stood at the door and he told us everything that had just happened. He told us exactly where to find every object that Billy had moved, he told us how Billy had swapped some things over and changed his mind, then swapped them back. He told us all sorts of things. And Billy came back and said it was all true. Well if you can tell me how that’s possible, you’re a better man than I am, Gunga Din!”
Leighton sat scratching his chin thoughtfully and Idrys gave us a satisfied look. I knew, of course, exactly how it was possible. If you locked me up somewhere and had me tell you what Leighton had been up to all day, I’d be able to rattle off every action as though they’d been my own. What fascinated me was not the demonstration, but the fact that someone else out there had what I had, knew what I knew.
“Suppose it’s true that this friend of yours was psychic, Mr Pengelly,” I began carefully, “Did he tell you how he did it? What was his process to travel with his mind?”
“Ah, you’re a scientific one, are you?” Idrys said with what he thought was a knowing grin. Clearly he thought I didn’t believe him. “Well Kit, he told me and the boys that all he had to do was close his eyes and think.”
“Think about what?” I pressed.
“About where he wanted to go, or who he wanted to find,” Idrys answered.
“And was it easier to reach people he knew, but harder to find strangers?”
Idrys quirked a grey eyebrow at me. “That’s a funny question,” he said with amusement, “Are you thinking of trying it sometime?”
It was hard not to be flustered by the accusation, so I tried to laugh it off.
“I’m just interested,” I lied, “It’d be nice to think we have people who can spy in on the Germans now, in this war, wouldn’t it?”
“I wish I could do it,” Leighton said excitedly beside me, “I’d give all of Hitler’s secret plans to the Prime Minister!” I wished I could tell him that it wasn’t as simple as that.

***

Idrys moved on to his battle stories at the dinner table, which caused Blodwyn to groan regularly between bites of her roast. She only perked up when her Bampi told her how pretty she was looking. I was totally lost to my own thoughts as I chewed aimlessly on a piece of chicken at the far end of the table, wondering about the psychic spy of the Great War and his special skill. If it were true, then that meant other people out there could do what I could do. If it were false, then people who could pretend to be psychic were making a fool out of the military. But the military wanted them, needed them even, to gather their information.
It was silly to think that a girl like me could ever be of use in the grand scheme of the world war, but it was also quite possibly true. If I could hone my focus into people and places further away than just Leighton, there was a chance that I could actually be useful to someone. I thought back to the German man from my dream the night before and spoke without thinking, interrupting one of Blod’s little rants.
“Where’s Oslo?” I asked.
Blod shot me a stabbing look across the table. Idrys swallowed his mouthful of potatoes as he turned to look at me.
“Norway, love,” he answered, “It’s the capital city.”
“Why’d you ask Kit?” Mam said, shifting more vegetables into the available space on my plate.
“I, um, I heard it in a dream,” I answered, realising seconds later how stupid I sounded.
“That’s funny,” Mam remarked with a kind smile.
“Yeah, she’s a funny girl, isn’t she?” Blod added. She too was smiling, but not in the same way. The urge to slap people’s faces was apparently quite a popular one for me today.


Leighton started school again in the village the week after our arrival, so I was left in peace in the sitting room most mornings in order to practice propelling myself in the chair as the rotten Doctor Bickerstaff had ordered. But with the luxury of time without supervision all I could think of was Idrys’s tale of the psychic spy and the soldiers I had seen in my dream. If I was going to get back into the head of the German man talking about Oslo, I would have to stretch my mind a lot farther than it had ever deliberately travelled.
The first thing to practice was finding Mum. I had been able to do it with ease when we were at home, when she was in another room or even down the end of the street chin-wagging with the local gossip, but I had never attempted to reach her any farther afield than that. Now was the time to try. I raised my hands up for the heel of each palm to touch my forehead, my eyes slipping shut. Two big breaths. In and out and in and out. And I thought hard, thought of Mum and her short, curly hair the colour of autumn leaves, her eyes the same navy blue shade as mine, her smart brown hat with the pretty white bow that she wore to go out and about.
I opened my eyes to a familiar scene: Blackwell’s Post Office in East London. I could see my mother’s slim white hands holding a small stack of letters. She was waiting in a noisy little queue. I congratulated myself very quietly on a job well done. My gift had taken me all the way back to London, though it was still into a head that I already knew I could reach, it was something. Distance was possible.
“Hello Gail,” said a woman behind my mother in the bustling queue. She turned and through her eyes I was overjoyed to see the familiar sight of Anne, my mother’s childhood friend who lived not far from us. 
“Oh Anne,” Mum said, giving the woman a hug with one hand whilst she clasped her letters in the other, “How are you dear? Did Bobby and John get off okay?”
“Yes everything was smooth as you like,” Anne replied with a smile, “They sent me a letter from Merthyr.”
“I thought they were going to the Rhondda something-or-other?” my mother pressed.
Anne waved a casual hand. “Oh there was a terrible mix up, too many kids in one place and not enough homes to put them in!”
“How awful,” Mum said. I thought the same thing.
“No harm done, the boys are all right with the new family. Have you heard from your two?”
As I felt a wave of disappointment wash over Mum, the crushing guilt grabbed me like those awful splints Bickerstaff had given me, except this time the hard boards were cramping around my heart. I hadn’t even thought to write to Mum yet, everything had been so busy here and I had set off on this new psychic mission without even thinking about her as more than a practice target. It made me feel a little sick. 
Mum was trying to smile; I could feel the movement in her face. “I’m just sending them a letter now,” she said, indicting her pile of mail as the queue shifted forwards, “So I’m sure they’ll send me all their news then.”
Too right we would. I would make a point of sending pageloads to tell her how much we missed her and make sure Leighton did the same. 
“I have heard from her doctor though,” Mum added, “He wrote as soon as he’d seen her the other day.”
I froze, hating Doctor Bickerstaff all the more for pipping me to the post with my own mother, especially before I could give her my own impression of him.
Anne asked the question that was on my mind. “And what did he say?”
Mum had reached the front of the postal queue. I waited in anguish for her to pay for her letters and get her change. She took Anne by the arm and guided her out of the post office before she spoke, so I spent every moment trying not to project any of my worries too close to her thoughts. The last thing I wanted her to do was catch my voice in her head. It was all right with Leighton, he had no clue what was going on when I injected a thought here and there, but Mum, I felt, would not handle my voice in her mind in quite the same way. When they were out on the street Mum and Anne stood browsing the postcard stand away from everyone else, where finally my mother was willing to let slip the doctor’s verdict on me.
“Well, you know he’s a specialist don’t you?” Mum began.
Anne nodded. “That was the point of sending her to middle of nowhere, wasn’t it?”
Mum nodded too. “He’s a forward thinker, this Steven Bickerstaff, very brisk and proper on the phone, you know?” I could already imagine his emotionless tone talking to Mum. She would no doubt be impressed by it, thinking it ever so professional. “And he said…”
I could feel a strange warmth rising in her chest. Her heart was quivering just a little when she spoke, and I recognised the hotness building under her eyes. Anne looked quite concerned and took my mother’s arm.
“He said it might not be too late.”
Now I was concerned. Had it been too late for me already at some point that I wasn’t aware of? And too late how exactly? Too late for what? Was my nice old Doctor Baxendale really the idiot Bickerstaff claimed he was? Had he handed me a sentence that I didn’t have to serve?
“Well that’s wonderful!” Anne said, rubbing Mum’s arm. “Gail, why are you so upset? Isn’t this good news?”
“Of course it is,” Mum answered, fishing a tissue from her bag to dab her eyes, “He said he’s started her on a new treatment and this Mrs Price that’s got her is going to make her to stick to it, but-” Her voice collapsed there and her sadness overwhelmed me. It was a heavy kind of sorrow, like her heart was tied to a brick. “But it should be me there helping her,” she whispered, “I feel so helpless now I’m so far away.”
It was my turn to feel sad again, because I couldn’t tell her how close I really was. I contented myself that a speedy reply to her letter would have to suffice.
“But think of it this way,” Anne soothed, her kind face framed with blonde strands, “The next time you see her, she could be… well, she could be a lot fitter.”
“She could also be thirty the rate this war’s going,” Mum sobbed bitterly, “I wish they’d get on and clobber the Krauts so we can get back to normal.”
“But the longer she’s with that doctor, the better a chance she’s got,” Anne reminded her. 
I didn’t agree. So far all Bickerstaff’s night splints had done were give me bruises behind the knees and inside the elbows that Mam had to cover up with make-up. If anything I was moving my joints even less than before. But my mother’s high hopes for me were not unfounded, especially if there was a way to put my real talents to good use. 
Anne soon changed the subject of conversation to shake my mother from her guilt, and though it pained me to have to leave her I let my mind slip back towards Ty Gwyn until the connection was broken. When my eyes flickered open I found I was crying. As I rifled in my pockets to fetch a tissue my head ached terribly as it often did when I’d been visiting Mum. Even though the little brown sitting room was much darker than the other rooms of the house, the light streaming in through the small windows was far too bright. I closed my eyes, hearing my pulse in my head as the door opened gently.
“Oh dear,” Mam said as she rushed in from the door. She crouched in front of my chair and helped me dry my tears, rubbing my arms. She clearly thought I had been trying to propel myself in the chair. “Oh Kit, love, you mustn’t strain yourself. Only do what you can manage, eh?”
I just nodded, feeling as though my head was about to explode. What I could manage just wasn’t enough. 

***

The whole Price family went to chapel in the village every Sunday, which was a strange experience for Leighton and me. We had both been christened Church of England, but Mum and Dad were never big chapelgoers except at Christmas and Easter. Mum always made us sit in front of the wireless and listen to something religious on a Sunday after breakfast, but that was a nice, peaceful affair. Sunday after breakfast at Ty Gwyn was something else entirely.
The routine started with Idrys arriving at eight o’clock in his best chapel attire and complaining that Mam was never ready when she said she would be. Mam was in her smart white chapel dress but she still had her apron on and half a dozen rollers curled into the back of her head. Every time she tried to go up to her room to finish getting ready, something would interrupt her, like Ness appearing with her socks on her hands instead of her feet, or Blodwyn storming through the house complaining that all of her stockings were laddered. Idrys watched the whole fiasco with amusement for about the first twenty minutes, until he realised that the family would actually be late for chapel if he didn’t do something soon.
At that point he disappeared with Ness and reappeared about five minutes later with her properly dressed, then wheeled me out in front of the door and set the little girl on my knee where she was quite happy to sit and discuss dolls. He then marched back into the house and let his booming voice loose on the remaining populous; promising them that if they didn’t assemble outside in five minutes flat, the preacher would condemn them all to Hell. The first time Idrys said it Leighton came running out of the huge door like a greyhound, standing next to me in his little powder blue waistcoat. 
“I bet you don’t remember what church is like, do you?” I asked, “You didn’t even come with us last Easter.”
“Of course I do,” Leigh answered with a look of protest, “It’s a bunch of old people and boring stories and all the singing’s out of tune.”
He was right on two counts out of the three, but I did rather enjoy the hymns for a change. Most of them were in Welsh, which I think made God and faith sound a little more uplifting, but that might have been because I didn’t understand the words. The actual service itself was a dull one, but being in the little chapel did give me a chance to see the collected mass that was the rest of the village. Judging by the sizeable crowd, it seemed that Bryn Eira Bach was the kind of place where absolutely everybody went to chapel, so I was glad to be part of the experience.
That was until we were outside the chapel gate afterwards, when the familiar frame of Doctor Bickerstaff started approaching us. I was stood with Mam as she adjusted her hat against the bright autumn sun, so I saw him coming first. He caught my eye with a familiar look of disdain, his gaze extending to my elbows, at which I immediately crossed my arms. I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction of seeing the badly-disguised bruises his contraptions had caused. 
“Good morning Mrs Price,” he said as he stopped before her.
“Bore da, Doctor,” Mam replied happily, “Lovely service today wasn’t it?”
“Hmm,” Bickerstaff answered thoughtfully, “the preacher speaks well on the progress of man indeed. I actually came to check on some progress of my own.” His round blue eyes settled on me. “How are you doing with the new treatment, Catherine?”
Thankfully Mam’s exuberance spared me from having to answer him.
“Well we’ve had the splints on every night and not a word of complaint,” Mam began, “and she’s had time every day to practice moving herself around.”
Bickerstaff didn’t look impressed in the least. “In that case I look forward to seeing your progress on Friday,” he said.
“Friday?” I repeated.
“Your next appointment,” the doctor replied.
In her attempts to make me sound good to the doctor, Mam had dropped me smack bang in the centre of an awkward situation. The mornings I should have spent trying to strengthen my arms to move the chair had been reserved for stepping in and out of Mum’s head in London and Leighton’s at the village schoolhouse. I was surprised that Mam hadn’t noticed I was in exactly the same place where she’d put me every time she came back to the room. Or perhaps she had and she was just more sympathetic than the suited cretin now judging me at the chapel gate. 
“Same time as before, isit?” Mam asked. 
Bickerstaff nodded, which meant I had exactly 120 hours to learn how to move more than half an inch across the floor without having a heart attack. It was a much more daunting feat than learning to infiltrate war-torn Europe with my mind, that was for sure, but I would have to make a serious go of it now before the doctor caught me out.
“Are we going then or what?” said a balshy voice approaching us. I twisted my neck to see Blod ambling down the cobbled path in her heels.
“Don’t be so rude in front of the doctor, Blodwyn,” Mam chided, and this time it was a proper chide, one with no amusement in her tone. 
“It’s quite all right, I was just leaving.” The words came rushing out of Bickerstaff’s mouth faster than Leighton had moved when he thought he might be sent to Hell. He said good day to us all, put his head down and moved off at his usual brisk pace back towards his shiny white hospital car. I watched him go; already regretting that the next time I would see him was so close at hand.
“Honestly I can’t take you anywhere,” Mam grumbled at Blod, “Make yourself useful and push Kit back up to the house. It’s not fair us letting your Bampi do it both ways.”
Blod grumbled, contorting her pretty face into a dramatic frown. She gave me a nasty look and put her hands on her hips.
“What have you got a face on for?” she demanded.
I opted for honesty since I didn’t actually care what Blod thought of me.
“I really hate that doctor,” I answered bitterly.
The beauty queen cracked a little smile on her made-up lips. She came round me to grab the handles of my chair, letting out a little laugh. 
“Well that’s one thing we have in common,” she observed.
I found myself a little happier too. We had bonded, if only for a moment. Nevertheless, Blod pushed me over every large or jagged cobble she could find as we made our way home.


It was Thursday night that I started to worry about the appointment. During the week I kept telling myself that if I practised with the chair I’d improve, but as Friday drew nearer and nearer I had managed only two inches of distance before it felt as though my shoulders had been ripped from my body like a ragdoll caught in a bulldog’s teeth. I had to tell myself firmly that any distance was better than no distance and if that didn’t impress Doctor Bickerstaff then he could lump it for all I cared. I wasn’t sure if I’d be brave enough to tell him that to his face, but I supposed that when the time came to challenge him I’d find out.
That was how I came to be thinking about him at bedtime, most especially when Mam strapped my arms and legs into the torturous splints that were slowly turning my joints a regal shade of purple. I had gotten used to sleeping with them as the nights wore on; it was the pain in the morning that I’d begun to dread, especially that first agonising moment after taking them off. I tried not to think of it as Mam tucked me in with her kind, rosy face, leaving me the water and the biscuit that Leighton would come and steal in the morning. She put out my light and left me lying in the dark where I tried not to think about tomorrow.
I expected, as I always did, that I would probably visit somewhere interesting on my way to sleep, but I was most confused in my half-slumber to find myself staring directly at Doctor Bickerstaff’s movie star face. It took me a while to realise that I was looking into a mirror, at which point the horror set in. I was in his head. Bickerstaff was looking at himself in the polished mirror of a very pokey little bathroom with grey tiled walls. His blue eyes were bloodshot in the harsh light from the unshaded bulb and his chin had a dark, stubbly shadow growing on it. 
It was strange enough seeing him in his navy pyjamas, but as the doctor started to brush his teeth it was the strength of his emotions that disturbed me the most. He had a very peculiar feeling hanging about him; he kept stopping in his night time routine to stare at his face again in the mirror, like there was something about his look that troubled him deeply. It was like that feeling when someone takes the last cake off the plate just before you go to grab it, except that it consumed him completely. He was Leighton when he’d finished a particularly good dessert, staring at the empty bowl. He was me when I watched people dancing at a fete, feeling the cold metal of my chair against my useless legs.
Bickerstaff wound his way to a small, single bed with starchy sheets, into which he climbed with that awful feeling still weighing down his chest. He checked his watch before he flicked off the light, but in the darkness of his small bedroom he was just laid there staring at the ceiling. I had been to some depressing minds during my dreamtime visits, but there was something different about his. Perhaps it was just because I knew him that it was all so awkward. Perhaps someone somewhere was trying to teach me to hate him a little bit less. 
But he didn’t have to sleep with dirty great slabs of wood strapped to his limbs that bruised him all night as his joints resisted them. Aside from whatever thought was troubling his mind, his body lay healthily and comfortably in his crisp little bed. As my own sour thought overtook his deepening sadness, I felt a cold shiver travel through me. It seemed to travel through him as well, making him shift onto his side. Bickerstaff finally closed his eyes and soon we were both asleep.

***

I thought I could have done without the creepy and depressing experience of being inside Doctor Bickerstaff’s head, but when I went to my appointment the next day I was surprised by how much less intimidating he seemed after my little excursion. When he wheeled me briskly to his room I cared nothing for his smug, sharp-suited façade; I rather thought he must have noticed because he even gave me a curious smile when he took his place opposite me next to the desk.
“You seem very relaxed Catherine,” he observed.
“I really do prefer to be called Kit, if you think you can manage it,” I answered. It seemed the sight of him, depressed and alone in his navy pyjamas, had done wonders for my confidence.
Bickerstaff almost laughed, haughty and oblivious to the source of my amusement. 
“I do hope you’ll be putting this newfound spirit of yours into your treatment,” he said in his schoolmaster tone.
“We’ll see,” was my reply.
“I’d like you to try and stand again,” he said.
Confidence, I learned then, is a very fragile thing. My sense of superiority flooded away as I remembered the embarrassing display from the last time the doctor had ordered me onto my feet. I thought about refusing to do it, but I had an idea that Bickerstaff was stubborn enough to just keep me there until I did as I was told. 
“Do you enjoy seeing me fall over then?” I asked, gripping the arms of my chair as I forced my feet to find the lino floor. 
“Not as much as you think I do,” he answered. I was annoyed that it wasn’t a clear ‘No’. 
To my surprise he stood up after that and crossed the small gap between us, waiting patiently for my upheaval. Dragging my torso up by the strength of my elbows was just as painful as the last time I had tried it; I felt the familiar burning of the strain as flames of pain seared up and down my arms. I persevered, shifting myself forward forcefully onto my unsteady legs as I had before. 
For the briefest of moments, I thought I had done it. I was standing. But it was just a few seconds of false hope, and this time as my knees gave way the doctor at least had the courtesy to catch me around the waist and drop me back into my chair. I felt the red flush of defeat in my cheeks, turning my face away from him and chiding myself for my own stupidity. I don’t know why I thought I could win against him, because every time I fell back into that chair I had lost. And I would always fall back into the chair.
Bickerstaff was writing in his file when I dared to look again. At least I had stopped myself from crying this time. His pen raced across the page he was turned to. 
“You’re not practising moving around enough,” he said without looking up from the page, “Your elbows ought to be stronger.”
I bit my lip to resist answering him back. There were a lot of things about my body that I thought ought to be different; I didn’t need him pointing them out one by one like they were easy things to fix. No matter how troubled the doctor was in private, at least he could hide it behind his smart suit and smug face. I was troubled for all to see and pity me for it, and so long as I was stuck in this chair that fact was not going to change.

***

The first few months of life at Ty Gwyn turned into a drab but comforting routine from there on in. I devoted about a quarter of my free time to Doctor Bickerstaff’s rotten exercises and my mobility in the chair grew inch by inch until I could wheel from my bedroom door to the edge of the bed unaided. It was about three feet, which was not much use to me or anyone else, but it was enough to shut the rotten doctor up, which meant I had the other three quarters of my time left to train my other, far more important skill. 
I went to school with Leighton many times, mentally of course, but his lessons in the winter term were simple things that I had learned years ago and I grew tired of sitting in his mind listening in. I tried to visit Mum’s mind plenty more times as the weeks went on, but the psychic journey to London gave me unrelenting headaches for hours after a trip. The headaches did get less the more carefully I focused on the connection between us, but in all truth her growing sense of guilt for our welfare and fears about the war made it hard to stay in her mind for very long. 
With my two usual avenues of practice fast becoming useless, I decided that a few other targets around me would be a better use of my time. I deliberately avoided Doctor Bickerstaff for fear that his depression might be catching, but if I could get into his head from over the hill then the inhabitants of Ty Gwyn’s farmlands were surely within my grasp. Ness Fach was easy to find; one thought of her huge blue eyes and I was there with her rolling in the stiff winter grass and flinging Dolly across the mud. I was there when her Bampi picked her up by the ankle and told her it was too cold to play outside. I watched the upside down world full of her giggling joy as she was transported back into the house.
I tried Blodwyn a few times before I actually got her, my own eagerness to see what little miss perfect got up to in her spare time making me all the more determined. I wasn’t surprised to find that she was just as shallow in private as she was in public. Blod spent most of her free time doing and re-doing her hair into different styles from her magazine, trying on clothes and practising dance steps to the radio in her bedroom. I also learned through these little trips that the young farm boys Idrys had taken on for the winter were throwing love letters into her window attached to little stones. She laughed at them all, the boys were only about my age, and wrote things back like ‘No chance mochyn’ and ‘When you start to shave, we’ll see’. 
I’d be lying to say I didn’t envy the attention; the farm boys treated me like a leper at worst and a statue at best, either way I was something to be avoided. But then what chance did I have with a newly-adult Celtic goddess flouncing about the place? The only thing that really surprised me about Blod was that she was, sometimes, actually nice to her sister. In the public parts of the house and when she was doing her chores, Ness was just constantly in Blod’s way and consequently was always being shouted at. But when Blod was upstairs having a break Ness quite often wandered into her room uninvited. The first time it happened I expected to feel Blod hit the roof and order the little wanderer out forthwith. But despite the huge age gap between them, Blod was actually quite a good sister when she thought no-one could see. She let Ness put some of her make-up on and let her bounce on her bed to the radio tunes. Sometimes she even sat and talked to her.
When those moments happened I let her mind go, too jealous of the sisterly bond to stay and listen in. I had Leighton, of course, but it wasn’t the same. And girl chat made me think of Mum too, for that matter. I had noticed a strange thing on that score whilst I was practising my visits. Out of any of the new minds that I had tried to reach in Bryn Eira Bach, none of them gave me the splitting headaches that I got from reaching Mum in London. I was tired certainly, after every encounter, but there was never so much pain as when I took my mind to hers. I pondered if it could be the distance between us that hurt so much, but the visits I made in half-sleep took me to all sorts of places much farther than London and I never woke up crying from those. 

***

By the time the snow set in and Christmas loomed on the horizon, I felt I was ready for some serious new challenges. Mam had given me a few little chores to do in the house as my arms grew stronger, just polishing things or peeling vegetables before dinner, but I still had more time alone in December than I knew what to do with. Once Leighton was off school things were better and there were no shortage of preparations to be made for a Price family Christmas. Things went especially mad on the 22nd when Mam received a telegram delivered from the village post office.
“Clive and the boys are coming home for Christmas dinner!”
I was most keen to meet RAF Flight Sergeant Clive Price, so when they arrived on the morning of Christmas Eve I gave it my best effort to wheel myself out into the hall before anyone had to fetch me. I was so successful that Mam tripped over me when she came out to wait by the door herself, but she was good natured enough to congratulate me on the effort all the same.
“Oh Doctor Bickerstaff will be pleased with you,” she observed.
I didn’t care a fig for how the rotten doctor felt; I was just interested in keeping him from causing me trouble. 
The door of Ty Gwyn burst open, bringing a flurry of cold, snowy air into the hall that made me shiver all over. The blast let in three tall, strapping figures in smart blue uniforms, the tallest of which slammed the door behind him. Clive’s smiling face was red with the morning frost as he took off his blue officer’s hat and hung up a huge overcoat that he had been carrying. It was clear that he and his sons hadn’t wanted the sight of their uniforms to be obscured as they made their way here. Mam rushed to Clive with an explosion of pride and relief, hugging him repeatedly before it was the turn of her sons to have their bones crushed.
I knew that Thomas was the blonde one and also the eldest child. He had a handsome face with a lot of Blodwyn’s features and the same pale blue eyes that ran through the whole family. The other son, two years younger at twenty-two, was Ieuan, which I had learned to say as Yai-yan in the run up to meeting him. He had Idrys’s gingery look, but with Clive’s long nose and square jaw. 
“You must be Kit,” Ieuan said when Mam had released him. He shook my hand very gently. “Mam must’ve written a hundred letters about you and your brother being yur. I feel like I know you already.”
“Pleased to meet you Ieuan,” I replied with a smile.
There was a lot of bustling as Idrys, Ness and Blod each got their hugs whilst Leighton and I were introduced to the boys. It was a long time before everyone had spoken to everyone and we were all stood frozen in the black and white hall by the time they were all settled again. Clive and the boys were exhausted from their overnight journey across North Wales in the back of a truck, so Mam packed them off to bed each with a cup of tea and a biscuit and set about making a huge welcome home dinner. Idrys tried to put her off since we’d already be having a huge lunch the next day, but she wouldn’t be deterred.
I had gotten used to a full table of food at Ty Gwyn, but now that her boys were home I finally understood Mam’s tendency to overprovide. Clive, Thomas and Ieuan ate like they had been starving in the desert for weeks on end, consuming everything in their immediate vicinity and then asking for more, which Mam dutifully provided. Leighton seemed very glad to be at my end of the table where his share was safe from them, but as he gave me one of his cheeky looks, his eyes fell to my hands and he frowned.
“What’s happened to your skin?” he asked in a whisper.
I looked down, horrified to see a peculiar salmon-coloured rash spreading in blotches over my left hand. I pulled up the sleeve of my jumper to find it was travelling there too. It had happened before, now and then, just small patches, on my leg or on my tummy, but never anywhere that anyone could see, and certainly not on such a scale. Doctor Baxendale had told me it was just something some people got. I shoved my hand under the table, eating with only my fork.
“It’s fine,” I told Leighton, “Get on with your dinner.”
But it wasn’t fine, it was hideous. And, worse than that, I was starting to feel very hot in my jumper. Clammy beads of sweat formed under my hair at the nape of my neck, but if I took off the jumper now then someone besides Leighton was sure to notice the rash and make a fuss. It would most likely fade like it had in times gone by, so the last thing I wanted to do was make a spectacle of myself, especially with new people at the table. It had taken the last four months to get used to the first half of the Price family, I didn’t want to make an odd impression on the rest. 
But the heat grew as dinner went on; I was starting to think it wasn’t just the jumper. I could feel sweat behind my knees under the table, even my feet were clammy in my shoes. When I checked under the table, the blotchy pink rash was also on my legs and in the space of fifteen minutes at the table it was suddenly on my right hand too. Mam was so thrilled to have her boys back that she hardly looked at anyone else, that was until I dropped my fork and it went clattering onto the plate loudly.
“Sorry,” I said clumsily, my eyes shifting in and out of focus as I tried to find her at the busy table, “Excuse me.”
I reached forward for the fork, but when I went to grab it my blotchy hand didn’t seem to find the right place.
“What on earth’s wrong with her?” Blod demanded. Her voice echoed in my head.
The room was suddenly darker. I wanted to ask who had switched off the lights.
“Oh my God,” said Mam somewhere very far away, “Somebody phone the doctor!”


The next thing I was aware of was the sight of the black beams of the ceiling in my downstairs bedroom. My eyes flickered open six or seven times before I could get them to actually stay open, so when they did I let them focus on the ceiling for a while as I tried to remember what had happened. I noticed as I lay in the bed that I wasn’t wearing my splints, so I shifted my weight around to see if any damage had been done when I presumably collapsed out of my chair at the dinner table. I was still horribly sweaty all over, my limbs were weak and though I could move them it was a terrible strain.
“Ah, good afternoon,” said a voice I recognised beside me.
I turned my head too quickly, feeling dizzy and sick. Doctor Bickerstaff. He wasn’t wearing his usual doctor’s attire, just a woolly jumper and a pair of corduroy trousers. He had a book on his lap and his face was terribly haggard. He looked as tired as I felt and a thick layer of blonde stubble covered his jaw. 
Good afternoon, he had said. If I had collapsed on Christmas Eve, then that could mean only one thing.
“I’ve ruined their Christmas,” I said, my voice tiny and weak. It was too exhausting to be sad; the words came out flat and dry.
“No, they’re fine,” Bickerstaff said in his proper tone, “They’re all downstairs around the wireless waiting for the King’s Christmas message. You’ve only ruined my Christmas, and I daresay you’ll feel a lot less guilty about that.”
“Sorry,” I whispered. He was right, but I did feel a little bad for him in spite of everything.
“Don’t worry, it wasn’t much of one to ruin.”
There was no invitation to press the topic any further, but of course I knew that he lived alone without him having to tell me. Bickerstaff put the back of his hand across my forehead and I could feel my damp skin sticking to him.
“Do you feel hot or cold right now?” he asked.
“Cold,” I replied, “What’s happened to me?”
“Fevers and rashes are not uncommon symptoms for people with your condition,” he replied clinically. There was no trace of empathy in his face whatsoever.
“I used to get fevers when I first got sick,” I replied. He just nodded. I didn’t feel feverish now, just sticky and horrid.
The door to the bedroom opened and Ness Fach ambled in wearing what looked like a new dress. Doctor Bickerstaff turned in his chair to see her. She watched him carefully for a moment, sucking on the hand of her Dolly.
“Hello little one,” he said in what he must have thought was a warmer tone. It didn’t sound much different to his usual one. 
Ness ran away without a word. Bickerstaff’s mouth twitched awkwardly a little, and he was about to speak to me again when yet another visitor appeared in the wide doorway.
“Oh she’s awake then,” Blod said, her look was not relieved in the least, “Mam sent me to see if you wanted another cuppa.”
Doctor Bickerstaff stood up and brushed off his jumper, forgetting the book on his lap which dropped to the floor with a thud. His mouth twitched again as he looked at Blod.
“No, no,” he stammered. Was he nervous of something? “I daresay Kit’ll be up and about by this evening. Her fever’s broken, so I’ll be going once I’ve spoken to your mother.”
Blod eyed him with the kind of contempt she usually reserved for me, which was a nice change, I’ll admit. 
“All right then,” she said, quickly turning on her perfect heels to sweep away. 
Bickerstaff looked at the space where she’d been standing for a moment before he turned back to me. I knew I was giving him what must have been a rather rude, quizzical look, but he chose not to challenge it.
“I’m curious as to what brought this fever on, Kit,” he said, his face falling back into its relaxed emotionless template, “Your physical progress isn’t good enough to suggest overexertion. Have you strained yourself in any other way?”
“Peeling a potato is a strain in my world, doctor,” I answered, “You’re going to have to be more specific.”
“Well what about mental strain?” he pressed, a glimmer of annoyance hanging on his lip. He wanted to sneer, I was sure of it, but for some reason he was holding it back. “Have you been reading a lot or doing something else that uses your concentration?”
“I have been reading a lot,” I lied quickly, “There’s not much else to do here.” Of course I knew the real answer to his question.
“Well that could be bringing it on,” he explained, “A relaxed mind does wonders for one’s health, see that you remember that.”
I would, if it meant stopping him from invading Ty Gwyn ever again. I watched him pick up his things and go, already formulating a new way to balance my mental training and keep my brain strain-free the rest of the time. The fever had been awful, but now that it was over there was a lesson to be learned and more practice to be done. But first, I remembered, there were a few hours left of my first Welsh Christmas to enjoy.

***

The New Year brought plenty of nasty shocks with it, including the introduction of rationing, which sat about as well with Mam as the idea of birth control did with the Pope. Mam said that she was terribly grateful that Clive and the boys had been home at the right time before the government had taken control of how much food each household could have, but she couldn’t imagine what she would feed them the next time they came for a visit. I felt sad that I had only spent a few hours with them before their scheduled return on Boxing Day, but she assured me they would come again when they could. Leighton was hit almost as hard as Mam by the news that he could no longer have a snack at every hour of the day and night.
“But this is farm isn’t it?” he protested, “What you grow and make here should belong to you, not the Prime Minister!”
Idrys fielded the question until Leighton understood the problem of feeding all the soldiers defending us whilst also compensating for the supply chains that had been cut off from some parts of Europe. “This is how we do our part for the war!” he explained proudly, and Leighton seemed happy with that, even if his stomach disagreed.
In the time it took for winter to change into spring I had once again honed my mind-hopping skills to overcome the new obstacles in my path. By staying away from Mum and the painful connection to London I had reduced my raging fevers to nothing but mild sweats, which kept Doctor Bickerstaff away from the house right up until the start of April, when he turned up out of the blue and spent a very long time talking to Mam in the kitchen. I resisted the urge to step into his head and listen to what he was telling her, and I was sincerely glad I had when Mam told me later that I wasn’t making enough physical progress and the doctor asked ‘could I please try a bit harder when I had the time’. I was certain Doctor Bickerstaff hadn’t been that kind in the phrasing of his request.
I could have been annoyed, but the doctor didn’t matter to me that day; I had bigger fish to fry. Leighton was at school and the family were going out shopping for a new dress for Blodwyn’s birthday. The house was mine for three solid hours uninterrupted. And I was going to try to reach the German soldier at last.
I had been very nervous of trying to reach Germany in my head in case it brought on a fever, but April the 9th had a feeling about it, like the time was right. I felt unusually healthy as I settled myself in the sitting room, pushing the door shut behind me. I could wheel myself much better than what I had shown the doctor, or anyone else, so I put my chair in the centre of the room and turned away from the bright afternoon light in the windows to prepare for the usual routine.
Palms up. Eyes shut. In and out and in and out.
I tried to remember the German’s great hairy hands, the billows of smoke from his cigar, the nerves he felt when his commanding officer pointed to the map. Pointed to that jagged coast, that little red dot marked Oslo. 
It was a grey day, wherever I was. Great silver clouds hung low in the sky as I looked out into a city through someone else’s eyes. It wasn’t England; I knew that by the grand old buildings in red brick or cream coloured stone. They were not the slate grey spires of London; there was something much more traditional to their style. The eyes I was looking through belonged to someone standing at a second floor window looking down into a wide boulevard lined with huge green trees. 
I had a feeling I had not found the hairy handed German I was in search of, the emotions running through this body were far easier for me to interpret than his had been. The body was quivering against the cold air streaming in from the half-open window, a steady but quickened pulse racing in its veins. One look down revealed a pair of hands wringing together nervously. They were smooth and a little tanned with the lightest dusting of brown hair starting at the wrists, climbing up to two strong arms. A male, for certain, and quite young judging by the lack of blemishes on his skin.
The fearful young man gazed out into the grey street again where I noticed there were very few people out and about. One small clump of pedestrians gathered under the leafy trees, looking expectantly out into the road, which was totally devoid of traffic. They were waiting for something. Somebody spoke in the room I was in and the boy turned his head to glance at the speaker. The room looked like a store room for fabrics and such; it contained a crowd of some two-dozen people who were all craning to see out of the window into the silent street. They muttered nervously in a guttural sounding tongue that I didn’t understand. Not German, I decided; my attempt to focus on the specific target had failed.
But I wanted to stay all the same; I had to know what this foreign mass was waiting for. What did they expect to come down their beautiful boulevard? And why did they await it behind bricks and glass? The boy I inhabited grew more nervous by the minute; I could feel him rubbing his palms together, his keen eyes expanding as he spotted a disturbance at the far end of the street. He pointed, shouting something foreign in a rich, smooth voice. Everyone crowded closer to the tall glass windows for a better view.
A procession of vehicles was traveling slowly down the boulevard from the far left of my field of vision. The first few cars were beautiful creations in glinting silver, open-topped to display a series of military personnel in their full regalia. I recognised the grey-green shade of their dress and the flashes of red on some of their collars. My boy’s mind grew suddenly angry. He clenched his fists. 
The grand vehicles came to a halt right in the centre of the road almost directly below the building we were in. The remainder of the convoy was made up of covered canvas trucks in varying shades of green that spread out into different positions, including some on the wrong side of the road. Someone in the crowded store room said something that sounded an awful lot like the word ‘Nazi’. Other people muttered their anxious replies. My boy nodded his head silently as the canvas trucks began to open one by one.
I saw their shiny black boots first as the soldiers hit the empty pavement pair by pair. They all wore spherical helmets obscuring their heads, making them look like one never-ending line of identical toy soldiers during the disembarkation. They formed precise, tight ranks at once as their commanding officers came to appraise them; they had alighted from their more stylish transports. Where minutes before the grand boulevard had been almost empty, now at least a hundred soldiers convened on its empty roads. The grey-green mass saluted without a word, followed almost instantly by the clicking of a hundred pairs of polished black boot heels. The sound was eerie on the deadly silent street.
Then out of nowhere bursts of colour exploded through the grey. In the middle of every neatly-ordered pack of soldiers came a flash of red fabric, revealed moments later as the standard of the leader under which they marched. The red, white and black of the Nazi flag was raised above every unit as some inhabitants from the very first car fired single shots into the air. They had arrived in this place, perhaps for the first time, and they were keen to make it known. The boy who I occupied let his strong stance deflate, his anger and fear fading off to give way to sorrow. He raised one smooth hand to his temple, rubbing the space above his ear.
“Min elskede Oslo,” he whispered.
Oslo! So something had gone right in my practice after all.
“Hvem sa det?” the boy said, looking around him frantically. The rest of the crowd gave him funny looks, some shook their heads. I felt his eyes narrowing in suspicion, his ears pricking as he continued to look around. Had he heard me? I focused hard on him and what he was doing. It felt like deep concentration, like listening. He closed his eyes, turning my viewpoint black.
Oslo, I thought again. 
He jumped, startled. His eyes flew open and once again he looked around for the source of the voice, but the females in this room were older women who were all staring out at the display on the street. My boy pushed his way through the crowd and out of the room, into a poorly lit corridor with a buzzing electric bulb. I didn’t know what to do, but I felt I owed him some kind of explanation. I thought of what my mother would do if she were addressing someone from foreign parts.
Hello, I thought, Do you speak English?
The boy let out an audible cry as he scanned the corridor around him. It was totally empty. So now he knew my voice had no body. I didn’t know if that was a good or bad thing.
“Some English, yes,” he answered. He was more nervous now than when the Nazis had arrived. “Please miss, where are you speaking from?” 
That was a loaded question, but I decided on honesty.
Great Britain, I replied.
“But that is impossible,” he whispered. I liked his accent, the way he pushed his vowels out of his mouth with stress.
Yes, but it’s true.
“Why can the others not hear you?” he asked, his nerves abating a little once more.
I’m afraid I have used your mind to see what’s happening in Oslo. It was true enough; he didn’t need to know it had happened accidentally.
“You have powers,” he began uncertainly, “Synsk… I do not know the English word. But this is very, very impossible.”
He understood it better than I thought he would, which told me he had enough sense about him not to think himself mad for hearing voices. He believed that people like me existed, however afraid he might be of the idea. I was about to speak again when that familiar cold shiver started to creep up my spine, the dark little corridor was fading in and out. I panicked, focusing hard to maintain for a few seconds more.
Your name, I demanded, Please, I have to go, but give me your name. I can find you again with your name. I clung desperately to Oslo, hoping what I’d just said was true. And then I realised that perhaps he wouldn’t want me to find him again. I started to sink away despite my efforts; almost everything in the corridor was gone when one last sound reached my ears.
“Henri.”


I was too exhausted from the length of the visit to focus on finding Henri again right away. I went to bed that night hoping my mind might take me there anyway, but had no such luck, and the next day there was no peace to be found at all at Ty Gwyn. Mam was intent on mending the impenetrable rift that had built up between Blod and I during my eight months thus far in North Wales; she thought a nice trip to the cinema was the solution. Blod only agreed because my wheelchair meant that she would most likely get a seat right at the front of the picture house. 
Unfortunately Mam also made the insane decision to break a piece of bad news to Blod on the way to the cinema, namely that she couldn’t have the dress she wanted for her 21st birthday. Blod hit the roof shamelessly as we went down the uneven streets of Bryn Eira Bach, but for all her complaints there simply wasn’t enough money in the family to give her what she wanted. Fabric was in short supply and necessary for the war effort, so the few new dresses that remained in Evans the Tailor’s window had more than tripled in price since the start of the year. By the time we reached the ticket booth Blod had a face that could summon stormclouds and though we did get our seat at the front of the tiny screening room, she slumped back into her chair, crossed her arms and stared at the screen determinedly even before the reel started to run.
The first thing that popped into life on the screen was a news reel detailing the current state of the war. At first there were some flickering images of our boys in ranks, saluting and waving their sweethearts goodbye. People in the picture house cheered all around me. But the atmosphere dropped into a sombre one as the great black and white screen was overtaken by the Nazi swastika flying high. The narrator of the bulletin erupted into a deeper, darker tone.
“But out in Greater Europe our allies are falling to the great German threat.”
Still photographs appeared of people being flung out of their houses by German troops, children crying in the streets and properties smashed and destroyed. Until one image flickered into focus, an image that made me gasp aloud. Oslo. The boulevard that I had been looking down on with its leafy green trees and the lines of soldiers in their big black boots next to the open canvas trucks. Except that now those soldiers were dragging people away, and part of the street in the forefront of the image was smeared with something dark. Blood.
“The occupation of Norway began this week seeing hundreds of innocent residents in the capital city of Oslo taken away. These propaganda photographs released to the European newspapers claim that the Nazis are hounding out traitors and resistors to their cause. The Norwegian government has been overthrown and replaced by…”
I couldn’t bear it anymore. I closed my eyes and my mind to the cinema screen. Henri was there in that awful place. He’d have seen the blood on the streets; he might even have been taken away. I had met with him for less than half an hour, but I knew he was a good young man. I considered my state carefully, deciding that I was no longer as tired as I had been in the morning. Perhaps I had rested enough to reach him. Blod was still sulking to my left and Mam was in the chair on the other side of her, engrossed in the newsreel still. I sank back into my wheelchair slowly, putting my head out of their field of vision.
My arms and hands took their usual position as I nervously began to shut out the sounds and sights of the screening. Perhaps if they saw me, they would just think I had a headache, or even that I’d nodded off to sleep. With a nervous, thumping pulse building behind my ears, I took my two deep breaths, thinking hard on the scenes I had just witnessed, the young smooth hands of the boy in the store room. His voice and his name. Henri.
When I opened my eyes I was at a table sewing on a button. Or more precisely Henri was. I recognised the trickle of the nerves down his spine as he tried to concentrate, the sight of his hands filled me with glee. If I had had the physical strength to leap for joy this would have been the moment to do it. I had the found the right mind at the right time for once. I watched him for a few seconds as he continued to attach the button to a man’s brown suit, but I couldn’t resist the urge to make contact for long.
Hello Henri, I thought.
The young man stabbed himself with the needle as he jumped half out of his skin. He looked up into the same store room he had been in when I saw him last. There were a few other stations for tailoring among the swathes of cloth, but he was alone.
“Hello?” he said aloud, sucking on his now-sore finger.
I’m so sorry, I answered, I didn’t mean to startle you.
“No harm done,” he answered with his finger still at his lips, “I had begun to think you were something in my imagination.”
I had to rest my mind before I could come back, I explained, but they’re reporting on the occupation here, I wanted to make sure you were all right.
“You did?” 
Henri felt sort of warm suddenly. I was grateful that he wasn’t able to see the blush that might have crept into my cheeks at his words.
I don’t know how long we have to speak, I thought, avoiding his question.
“Then tell me your name,” Henri prodded, setting down his tailor’s tools.
Kit, Kit Cavendish.
“Kit,” he repeated in his rich voice. 
How old are you? I asked.
“Seventeen,” he answered, “And you?”
An awkward moment settled on me. Well, I’ll be sixteen in June.
“So you’re fifteen,” he corrected with a laugh hitched in his throat. I could feel his merriment rising slowly. 
Where are you? Are you a tailor?
“Something like that,” Henri replied. He looked up around the room again to make sure no-one had come in. “I was an apprentice, but all the older men fled north to escape before the invasion, so now I am the only boy left. This is Mr Hoffman’s building, the clothing shop is downstairs.” He paused a moment, scratching his chin. “Can you see everything I see?”
Yes, I answered, whatever you look at, I can see it too.
Everything suddenly went black.
“What can you see now?” Henri asked. I could feel a smile growing on his face.
You’ve closed your eyes, haven’t you? I answered.
He laughed, opening them again. Then he held up his hand in front of his face, still chuckling.
“How many fingers?” he demanded.
Five, four, none, two. I followed his movements and answered as quickly as he made them. 
“This is amazing,” he remarked, shaking his head. He looked down at himself, revealing a brown waistcoat over a black shirt. “So what am I wearing?” he tested again.
I was about to answer when a sharp banging sound alerted us both. Henri snapped his gaze to the door where we both saw the horrific sight of big black boots kicking it open and marching into the room. A tall man with curly black hair stepped in wearing the German uniform. He had a thick moustache that emphasized his sneering lip as he approached Henri in the centre of the room. A half dozen more soldiers in their circular helmets followed him inside, gathering around the great dark man like a pack of wolves. Henri got to his feet as the German approached; all his merriment from a moment since was gone. 
“You speak English, boy?” demanded the German. He was carrying some kind of officer’s hat under his arm. 
“Yes sir,” Henri answered, his usually deep voice quivering a little, “I have a teacher. I am a student of Mr Bavistock.”
The sneer turned into a horrid yellow grin under that huge ugly moustache. “Ah yes. He is an Englishman, no?” the German asked. Henri didn’t reply; I could feel his muscles tensing. “We are… talking with him, at the moment.”
I had a pretty good idea of what he meant having seen the awful newsreel. That poor teacher would be one of the people dragged out of their lives by the grey-green uniformed mass of invaders. Henri stood firm, his face reactionless. The German’s dark eyes scanned the empty room. 
“Who were you talking to just now?” he demanded.
“Nobody sir,” Henri stammered, his stoicism starting to fail, “I was practising my English. I always practice out loud when I am alone. It is good for pronunciation.” All the words came tumbling out in a nervous mess; I could feel his heart starting to thump in his ears, his blood rushing in anxious circuits to flush into his face. He felt hot suddenly, his breath was sharp. 
The officer barked something in German at his men, who then descended on the room, overturning huge piles of fabric, clothes, patterns, even machinery. They hurricaned through the large, empty room in pairs, uprooting everything in sight. Henri spun on the spot as he watched them until his focus came back to their superior. It was then that I noticed the officer’s great hairy hands folded in front of him and the clipped cigar perched in his pocket ready to be lit. I recognised them all too well, horrified to look into the ugly, dark face and realise I had been inside the mind attached to it. 
“Just a little inspection,” the officer explained with a horrible smile, “it is within the law.”
“Whose law?” Henri asked. He seemed shocked with himself for even asking it.
“Your law, by next week,” the officer answered, “things are about to change around here, Herr…?”
“Haugen,” Henri answered, “Henri Haugen.”
The officer approached with definite strides of his huge boots. He was at least half a foot taller than Henri, his dark eyes boring down on him. He took Henri’s chin in his hairy hand roughly; I felt the force as though he’d grabbed me too. The German’s yellow teeth were bared in another wicked grin.
“We could use some boys like you who know their English well,” he mused cruelly.
Henri was shaking, but the fire of his anger and injustice had returned. He took the German’s hand away from his face by force, stepping out of his reach and back behind his table. 
“I will not help the Nazi swine,” he spat. 
“You insolent little cur!” The German was instantly enraged, his hairy hands balling into fists as though he might swing for Henri any moment. I feared him, though Henri was now more angry than frightened, but a thought occurred to me as I recalled my previous encounter with the pig-headed officer. He was afraid of someone too.
Quick Henri, say what I say exactly.
“Officer,” Henri began as I fed him the words, “I hope you will not consider doing anything outside of your orders here today. I’m sure you weren’t ordered to harm civilians. The Generalfeldmarschall might hear of it if you do.”
The dark German stopped in his tracks, a flicker of hesitation crossing his furious dark eyes. I knew the man’s fear of his general, I had felt his heart thump in his chest just like Henri’s and mine did right now. 
“Watch your tongue in future, Herr Haugen.”
The officer barked at his soldiers again and they stopped their rampage of the store room, leaving everything in a mess as they followed their commander swiftly from the scene. Henri waited several long moments as we listened to them descending the stairs. He went to the window, watching until the little troop of jackboots had marched off into the street, then let out a huge relieved sigh.
“You saved me there,” he told me in the empty, wrecked room, “Sometimes I do not think before I speak.”
What you said was very brave, I replied. I felt the heat of pride building in Henri’s chest. But he might have given you a beating for it. 
“Yes,” he agreed, “I’ll have to learn how to manage with these dogs in command.” Henri walked to the smallest of the piles of upturned fabric and began to right them. “I expect Mr Hoffman will be up in a moment to inspect the damage.”
I’ll go then, I began, feeling the store room start to blur even as I said it.
“But you’ll come back?” Henri asked. His voice was level, but there was something much more hopeful in the way he hitched his breath, awaiting my answer.
Of course, I replied. He let out the air he was holding in.
“Good,” he answered, smiling, “I might need you to save me again.”
I expect you will. The room started to flicker in and out of view. I could feel myself smiling too.
“I’m alone at this time almost every day,” Henri offered.
The cold shiver in my back caught my attention and I focused hard for one last moment to feel that smile on his face.
We’ll speak soon then, I promised. And suddenly Norway was gone.
“What’s wrong with you?” Blod demanded in a whisper as my hands dropped away from my face. She nudged me hard in my shoulder until my eyes refocused and I remembered where I was and what I was supposed to be doing.
“Oh, I had a headache,” I answered all too loudly. Someone behind shushed me.
“Oh shut your face,” Blod snapped at the disgruntled person before turning back to me, “You’ve missed half the film. Look don’t let Mam see you feeling ill. I’m enjoying this film and I don’t want to have to go home ‘cause of you.”
“Right, sorry,” I answered quietly. 
Blod went back to looking at the screen, placated. I too turned my attention to it for the first time. It was a war film, something about heroes and romance. A handsome blonde-haired chap in a pilot’s uniform was wrapping some girl up in his arms, promising her that he’d return someday. The girl had dark ringlets blowing in the wind. She looked up at him with a loving smile and answered: “Til we meet again”.
Somewhere, in the back of my mind, I had a tiny thought that that would have been a good thing to say to Henri.


“Miss Cavendish, please,” Doctor Bickerstaff said from the door of his office. 
I looked up from the warm little waiting room, noticing immediately that he wasn’t coming over to wheel me in. I looked down at my gloved hands and grimaced. This was yet another of his little tests, I knew. I pulled hard on the wheels of my chair until I made it to his door, but there was a bump where the carpet met the lino that I couldn’t get over. I struggled determinedly until my skinny biceps burned and tears came unbidden to the corners of my eyes, at which point Bickerstaff rolled his big blue eyes and pushed me over the threshold and up to his desk in a snap. 
“Poor progress,” he sighed as he came to stand in front of me, “Let’s see if your legs are any better than your arms.”
He had been checking on me every couple of weeks for improvements and I knew the drill well enough by now. I could set my feet down with a lot more purpose than when I first met the cold, clinical physician, but the part where I had to actually stand on them always ended the same way. I resented the fact that he always had to help me back into my chair when my knees collapsed under the strain. This time I hauled myself up more slowly than before, trying to lock the joints into a stronger position. It was a good idea in theory, except that as soon as I was standing I felt as though my knee caps had been replaced by two nervous jellyfish.
Bickerstaff held out his hands, palms up. “Lean some weight on me,” he instructed.
This was new. I took his too-clean hands, happy that he’d have to hold onto the dirty palms of my gloves, and pressed into them.
“Too much,” he said immediately, “Take some weight back and try to balance. Don’t depend on me.”
“I wouldn’t,” I answered. It took me a moment to realise I’d said it out loud, but Bickerstaff didn’t look offended, in fact he was far too preoccupied in looking at my feet to even hear me. 
I was still standing. It had been perhaps thirty seconds, which I thought was longer than any of my other attempts, and my feet were planted firm. The jellyfish sensation in my knees was definitely present, but the more pressure I put into Bickerstaff’s grip the less I felt the nervous twinge. It didn’t feel like they were going to give way for quite some time. I smiled in spite of the vile company and it was just my luck that the doctor chose that moment to look up at my face. He gave me a smug look.
“Shall we try taking a step?” he asked.
I hated his self-satisfied face, but the prospect of actually walking was too exciting to hide. I swallowed my pride and nodded eagerly, looking down at my own feet. It was a strange perspective to see myself standing upright like that; I was so used to looking at my knees that it was funny to have them out of sight under the flowing pleats of my skirt. Under Bickerstaff’s instruction I gently loaded more weight onto one leg than the other, eventually letting one foot come off the ground completely. But before I could use it to step forward the jellyfish feeling in the knee with the weight on it vanished, leaving only the crushing agony of bone hitting bone as it jarred.
I collapsed in an awkward swinging motion, my lifted foot finding nowhere good to land, and suddenly I felt the familiar wave of defeat as the doctor’s arms swept around my torso and put me back into the seat of the chair with a little heave. I tried to tell myself that I had made a great stride, that this was serious progress, even if it had still ended with me flailing and landing back in the chair. A dark little voice also told me it was Bickerstaff’s fault. He always pushed me too far. He had his nose in his file again immediately, one blonde strand of his hair falling down over his eyes. He pushed it back sharply without looking up from his notes.
“I want you to try standing like that for a few minutes at a time,” he instructed. No praise for my progress, as usual. “Lean on a person or a mantelpiece or something.”
I didn’t bother to say ‘Yes, Doctor’ because it was quite clear he wasn’t listening. Bickerstaff wrote a few things down and then snapped my file shut, checking his appointment list like he always did, ready to call in the next patient whilst I struggled to get my chair out of the way. When he saw the list his brow came down hard over his eyes and to my surprise he actually looked at me.
“Why am I seeing Vanessa?” he asked. It took me a moment to realise he meant Ness Fach. I hadn’t heard her full name in months.
“She’s bumped her head,” I explained, “Mam thought you’d better see it.”
Bickerstaff rose from his seat sharply and actually took hold of my chair to wheel me out. He did everything too quickly, like he couldn’t wait to get rid of me, swinging his door open and pushing me back out into the waiting room where Blod sat with Ness curled up on her knee. 
“Vanessa Price,” he said quickly, abandoning me as he waited for Blod to scoop up her sister and follow him into the room. 
She went in after him her usual haughty, high-heeled way. His behaviour was too strange to resist. There was no-one else gathered on the second hand chairs of the waiting room and the nice old receptionist was nowhere to be seen, so I closed my eyes and let my hands slowly rise to my face. 
I got Bickerstaff immediately, which was both pleasing and awful as I remembered that horrid heavy feeling of being in his mind. I had steered well clear of connecting with him up until now, but as he shut the door of his office there was something new in the mix of depressing sensations in the doctor’s head. Fear. He focused on Ness immediately and crouched beside where she sat on Blod’s lap, pulling back her tawny strands to see the reddish-purple welt about the size of a shilling on her head. 
“When did this happen?” he asked in a breathless tone. I could feel his whole face frowning as Ness tried desperately to wriggle away from his touch. Something sad hit him square in the chest when she turned her head out of his reach.
“Oh yesterday sometime,” Blod said without a care, “She’s fine, it’s just a bloody bump.”
“Where were you?” Bickerstaff demanded. 
“Doing things,” Blod retorted. Bickerstaff was watching her face now as she rolled her eyes at him. I wished I had the courage she did to be so rude to the unpleasant man.
“You should take more responsibility,” he ordered.
Blod gave a short laugh. “Ha! You’re one to talk.”
“I would have,” he answered sharply. I could feel him getting hot under his collar, tense and angry in an instant. “If you’d let me.”
I was lost suddenly. They were talking about something that they knew about and I didn’t.
“Shush!” Blod said quickly, looking down at Ness, who had once again curled into a hedgehog-like ball. “Don’t say nothin’. She’s repeating everything at the moment like a bloody parrot.”
“Bloody,” mumbled Ness.
“Especially that,” Blod sighed.
I couldn’t be sure at first, he was awfully hard to interpret, but I rather thought Bickerstaff might be smiling a little. His focus went from Blod’s beautiful, irritated face back to the little girl. 
“I’ll get her a plaster and a lolly,” he said with a sigh.
“Lolly!” 
Ness exclaimed the word suddenly, uncurling to look for the person who had promised her something sweet. And now I knew Bickerstaff was definitely smiling. A tiny spark of some nice feeling cut into his heavy chest, but it seemed like agony for it to stay there, like it was struggling against the crushing weight of sadness that consumed the rest of him. The young doctor went to his desk and retrieved a little yellow lolly and a sticking plaster. He unwrapped both but gave Ness the lolly first, using the time to attach the plaster to the welt on her head before she noticed what he was doing. As she slurped away happily his gaze fell on Blod again, who was looking right at him. Her mean face had fallen away, leaving just her pretty features and a blank, thoughtful look.
“Your hair needs cutting,” she said softly. It wasn’t a criticism. It wasn’t an order. I didn’t really know what it was; I had never heard her use that tone of voice before.
Bickerstaff sighed and settled into the chair opposite her. That blonde strand in his face had returned and he pushed it back again slowly. “No time to do it. I’ve started volunteering at the rationing office,” he explained, “But I wish I hadn’t now, it’s too much bloody work.”
“Bloody,” Ness said again around her lolly. 
“Stop it!” Blod slapped her hand gently, but then she started to laugh.
The little glimpse of warmth in Bickerstaff’s chest spread all over his face. “Do you need anything else for her?” he asked Blod.
Her lovely face stiffened again at that. “I don’t need anything from you,” she said proudly.
And suddenly the doctor’s warmth was gone; it drained off like his very life was leaving his body. He was cold again with an empty chest. Bickerstaff rose so sharply that my head went fuzzy. He brushed himself off and cleared his throat which Blod seemed to take as her cue to leave too. She pushed Ness off her lap briskly.
“Go on, go and find Kit,” Blod said, giving her a push.
Bickerstaff was looking at her again, his eyes wide with anticipation. Blod was about to speak, but I knew now that the office’s door was opening and Ness would be headed straight for me. I wanted so desperately to hear what Blod was about to say, but as her lips parted I felt an icy shiver hit my spine and I was instantly another ten feet away outside in the waiting room. Ness was already ambling towards me with what was left of her yellow lolly to show me. 
I watched her coming closer with her huge blue eyes, looking for the first time at their oval shape. Blod’s were more like almonds, just like her mother’s, and Clive’s eyes were narrow and brown. The only other person I had ever seen with eyes like Ness’s was Steven Bickerstaff. Blod emerged from the doctor’s office a moment later with a face like fury, and Bickerstaff followed her out to see if his next patient had arrived. I took one last look at him before Blod grabbed my chair angrily and turned me around. I was right. He had Ness’s eyes. Or more accurately, she had his.

***

It was an awful thing to have suspicions running around in my mind. I had half a story, an inkling of what might be going on, but no-one to talk it out with who could confirm or deny what I was thinking. No-one here, at least. 
When the time came that I was left alone in the sitting room to practice my new physical task I checked my watch, delighted to find it was about the same time Henri had said he would be free. Learning to stand up could wait, my burning questions about Bickerstaff and Ness couldn’t. I calmed myself enough to perform the usual movements, searching hard for Henri in the blank, black space between my closed eyes. 
Aha!
“Hello Kit,” Henri said in what he thought was a casual tone. 
Hi Henri.
He was trying to hide the fact that I had startled him again, but of course he didn’t know that I could feel what he felt as well as use his eyes. His heart was humming with nerves for a few moments as he set down the suit he was working on.
“So, what’s new in England?” he asked in his lovely rich voice.
I’m actually in Wales, I corrected, We used to live in London, so we were moved away from danger.
“We?” he pressed, “Are you with your family?”
With my brother, I answered, And with a new family who are looking after us.
“I see,” Henri answered. I felt him rubbing his chin, there was a sound like scraping sandpaper and I wondered with a smile if he had stubble. “I am looked after too,” he continued, “Mr Hoffman lets me live here on the top floor.”
Don’t you have family nearby? I asked.
I felt his chest deflate. “No,” he said simply, “My parents died some time ago.”
I’m so sorry.
“Don’t be, it’s all right.” But it wasn’t all right. I knew he was lying by the heavy weight on his heart and the flush I felt creeping into his cheek. “My mother was born in England, you know,” he said as if he was still happy with the conversation topic. 
Is that why your English is so good? I asked, trying to shift the subject.
“I suppose so,” he said in a brighter tone, “but I have my English teacher too.”
Bavistock, was it? Henri nodded. I remembered the mention of him in front of the German officer. What will happen to him?
Henri’s sadness grew again. “I don’t know,” he replied, “I’ve hardly been out of the shop since the Nazis arrived. Oslo is not a safe place now.”
Let’s not think about it, I suggested, How about you help me with something instead?
“Oh?” Henri said. I felt one strong eyebrow going up on his face. “What could I possibly help you with?”
I told him everything I had heard in Bickerstaff’s head, but then realised that I had to go back and fill in some things about Blod and Mam and our situation. I left out the part about how sad the doctor always felt so that Henri wouldn’t know I could sense emotions and I also managed to steer away from any mention of why I myself was acquainted with the good doctor. Whatever mental image Henri had of me, I was pretty certain it wouldn’t involve a wheelchair and jellyfish knees and night splints, so I wanted to let him have his own idea. It was surely be better than the truth.
“How old is this doctor?” Henri asked when I had finished my tale.
Late twenties, I think.
“But the little girl’s mother, this Mam, she is much older than that, isn’t she?”
Exactly, I answered, and that’s why I don’t think she’s Ness’s real mother. I’ve heard of it before when my mum used to chat with the gossip on our street, some young girl having a baby with no husband and then the mother pretends it’s hers instead.
“It’s a big suspicion,” Henri mused, rubbing his stubbly chin again, “But you might be right. How can you find out for sure?”
Well, I can hardly ask them, can I? I responded. Good morning Doctor, I say is this your illegitimate daughter? Hi Blod, had any secret pregnancies lately?
Henri burst into laughter at that, wiping at his eyes. “You’re very funny Kit,” he sighed, “I suppose you’ll have to keep your eyes open for more evidence.”
I sighed too, though I didn’t know if he could hear me. 
Look, I think I’ll have to go, I must have been here ages telling you all this. 
Henri checked his watch, a lovely brass coloured dial that looked very old and expensive.
“Thirty minutes!” he exclaimed, “I’m supposed to have this suit finished by now.”
Oops, I said. He laughed again. Sorry to bore you with all this, by the way.
“It’s not boring,” he protested immediately, “Your voice is wonderful.”
I was once again grateful that the hundreds of miles between us meant he couldn’t see me blush. 
I think next time, you can do the talking, I suggested. 
“I promise I will,” he replied.


Clive, Thomas and Ieuan arrived on the back of a lorry during breakfast on Blodwyn’s 21st birthday, which sent the young goddess into a flurry of delight. The RAF Flight Sergeant swelled with pride as he hugged his daughter before Mam attacked him with an embrace that covered his uniform in flour and bacon grease. The boys managed to avoid the same scenario by quickly sitting down with the rest of us at the breakfast table. Thomas slipped a brown paper packet out of his top pocket and handed it to Blod, who ripped it open and screamed the place down in delight.
“Chocolate!” she cried like a child. “Oh I haven’t had chocolate in forever! Thanks Tom!”
“We brought some for everyone,” Ieuan whispered to me with a glimmer in his eye, “But don’t tell her yet or she’ll sulk.”
I just nodded and mouthed a quiet ‘thank you’. Mam set about making a whole new round of breakfast out of the meagre rations we had left to support her boys. As Blod went off into excited chatter with Thomas about all her plans for her birthday weekend, Clive sat himself down between Leighton and I at the opposite end of the table. He ruffled Leigh’s hair with a big, warm smile.
“And how are you, young man?” he asked in a deep voice.
“The school here’s not as boring as the one in London,” Leighton explained with a grin.
“Is that so?” Clive asked. 
My brother nodded, shuffling right to the edge of his seat to be close to Clive. I realised with a pang that perhaps he was missing Dad, but then we’d both been missing Dad since before the war had even begun. Clive clapped a warm arm around Leigh as he turned to me.
“And you Kit? Mam says that doctor’s doing wonders for you, isn’t he?”
“Well,” I began uncertainly, “He’s trying to get me to walk, actually.”
“Isn’t that wonderful?” Clive said to Leighton, who nodded happily under his arm. The warm Welshman creased his dark eyes with the width of his smile. “I bet you’ll be off like a shot by the time I see you next!”
“Do you know when it’ll be?” Leighton asked.
Clive shook his head. “No, we’re all being sent down London way from next week, training for some big manoeuver.” He tapped his free palm on the knee of his navy uniform excitedly. “Us Welsh might finally get to go head on with Jerry at last!” 
“Here’s hoping,” Ieuan added as he began the familiar process of shovelling a truckload of food into his mouth. 

***

Blod’s actual birthday was the Friday, so after breakfast Leighton had been carted off to school with a miserable sulk on his face and Blod was released from her chores to go out and about with her father and brothers. There was to be a much bigger celebration for her on the Saturday afternoon when Bampi Idrys would also be able to come, which meant I had to pick up as much of Blod’s slack as I could to help Mam get ready for it. Which meant no time alone, no Oslo and no Henri. I went to bed that night doubly miserable, not just because I had spent the day peeling vegetables and mixing batter until my arms burned for the sake of the most ungrateful young woman on the planet, but also because I was worried that Henri might think I wasn’t coming back.
I woke unusually early on Saturday morning and lay looking at the ceiling, waiting for either Mam or Leighton to help me up as usual. A glance at the clock told me they were nearly half an hour away from either of them expecting me to wake. For a brief moment I smiled as I considered finding Henri, but it wasn’t our arrangement for me to catch him in his pyjamas, however much I’d have liked to know whether Norwegian boys wore striped shirts to bed or not. Instead I raised one arm stiffly to try and wipe my eyes, only to realise I had to combat the wooden splint forcing my elbow straight. 
That was the moment I decided to change my morning ritual for good. I clonked one splinted arm over my waist to reach the other, fumbling blindly until I could unfasten the fabric strap, then released my other arm from the same diabolical contraption. The splints fell with a dull thud to the carpeted floor of my makeshift bedroom. So far, so good, but the harder part was coming next. Digging the heels of my hands down under my back, I pushed with everything I had to sit up. I bit my lip with the strain of it. Bickerstaff was right, my arms weren’t strong enough. But the thought of him and his awful smug face spurred something new in me and I withstood the pressure a little longer, giving one final push.
I was up. I scrabbled to grab at my legs in order to stay sitting up, shuffling until I had a little balance. It was strange to be sitting up in bed alone, but I didn’t have time to dwell on such a tiny victory. Instead I went straight for the larger, heavier splints flattening my knees out, pulling off the straps that always left little red lines across my legs where they were tight against them. After several months of the hellish treatment my skin had become hardened against the pressure, so it only glowed pink for a short time now in the mornings, gone were the ugly purple bruises of the early days. With some agonising shuffles I got away from the splints and left them lying on the bed, swinging my legs around until they hung off the edge.
The bed was quite a low one and my toes grazed against the thin carpet of the converted sitting room. I pushed my feet out to trace a little line along a frayed part of the material with my toe, considering my next move. My wheelchair was parked below the window some three feet away with just clear space between me and it; there was nothing to take hold of or anything to help me get there, and I didn’t fancy crawling on my belly to perhaps only get halfway and be found flailing like a fish by Mam in twenty minutes’ time. I slumped, a little defeated, taking a sip of the water she always left at my bedside. 
There was a dark, wooden wainscoting running the whole length of the room that came up to nearly the height of my chest and jutted out three or four inches like a little mantelpiece. On the far side of the room, above the fireplace, Mam had propped a few family photographs up on it which she always made Blod come and dust after chapel on Sundays, but on my side it was clear all the way to the wash basin in the corner. I put down my water and stretched to grip it, testing how good a purchase my fingers could get on it. It had a little lip that curled up at the end which seemed very steady to grip. I put both hands on it to test it a little more. 
Bickerstaff had wanted me to find something to lean on to practise standing, had he not? I put my feet into the best position I could get and pulled hard on the wainscoting. For a moment I panicked in case it came away in my hand, but the old house was stronger than I was and it took my weight until I was up. I leaned hard on the wall, shuffling my feet like a penguin until they were straight enough to take more bulk. My knees quivered a bit, but they held. This was as far as I’d ever gotten without falling flat on my face and I was actually a bit sad that no-one was in here to see it. I stood there in my nightie leaning on the wall for a few more moments, pondering if the stiffness of my legs in the morning was actually helping me to stay on my feet. Whatever the contributing factor, I was grateful.
The next step was quite literally waiting to be taken. It wasn’t that far to the corner really, perhaps about three or four paces for a normal person, surely it wouldn’t be too much to bear if I leant on the wall as much as possible? I took a very deep breath and pushed one bare foot sideways a few inches on the thin carpet. I crossed one hand over the other, then brought the remaining hand and foot up to meet them. The ache was considerable, especially in my arms, but the fluttering elation that settled on my chest outweighed it plenty. I had moved on my own, if you didn’t count wall, which I wouldn’t of course. 
I shuffled like a crab closer and closer to the basin, but it was such a slow pace that I began to feel really sorry for snails and tortoises and all the other disastrously slow things that I was currently on par with. By the time I made it to the basin and transferred to leaning on the stand, sweat beads clung to my head and my legs were shaking. I realised how long it must have taken me to get there when I heard the door opening behind me, followed by a sudden joyous whooping that could only mean it was Mam coming in.
“Kit! You’re walking love!”
She rushed over to me and put an arm under my torso to keep my back straight; it was only with her warm, solid frame next to me that I realised how much I was shuddering. I turned to her delighted face and let out a sighing smile.
“Well I was awake,” I mumbled, “So I thought I’d just sort of… have a go.”
She couldn’t have missed the quivering wreck I was from the effort, but Mam was wonderful at ignoring things like that. She gave me a little squeeze and then delicately put my chair behind me, settling me back into it with a smile.
“Well you sit yur a minute and I’ll fetch some water for you to wash,” she said, patting me on the shoulder, “I’ll have to watch out eh? You’ll be wandering all over the house in no time!”
I sat breathing heavily as she bustled away, my smile so wide it threatened to split my face in half forever.

***

The news of my independent perambulation spread fast through the contents of Ty Gwyn, which had the unfortunate side effect of totally overshadowing Blod’s second day of celebrations. Though Mam was still frantically preparing cake and afternoon snacks for her party, she kept stopping to question me about what we should report to Doctor Bickerstaff and would I need a walking stick and should we get me some new shoes if I was going to be using them properly at last. The mention of brand new shoes sent Blod over the edge; she stampeded upstairs and her radio could be heard blaring down and filling the hall with jangling notes for the duration of the morning. 
“Don’t mind her,” Clive told me with a patient smile, “She’d be more understanding if she had your problems.”
My eyes flicked to Ness Fach, who sat on the kitchen floor giggling and playing pat-a-cake with a very patient Leighton. If my suspicions were anywhere near correct, then Blod had enough problems of her own. 
I was granted the sanctuary of a free hour in the little sitting room at the front of the house to rest after my big exertion that morning. Mam promised that I could read or do whatever I wanted in peace until Bampi Idrys arrived for Blod’s party lunch at two o’clock. ‘Whatever I wanted’ sounded extremely appealing. As soon as the door was closed I prepared myself for my usual ritual and though my arms were aching I raised them eagerly up to my forehead.
I was confused when I first found Henri, until I realised he had his hands over his face. His vision was blurry and his shoulders were heaving, stunted breaths were hot and ragged where they raged against his fingers. Wherever he was, it was dark and empty. And he was crying.
Henri, what’s happened?
For once he wasn’t surprised to hear my voice in his head; he had far too many emotions going on inside him for that. He wiped his tears away hurriedly until I could see his vision clearing, uncurling himself from his cramped position. He was in what seemed like a tiny little attic room where everything was brown and grey. The windowless space was lit by a dim lantern sitting on a little box beside the bed he was settled on. Henri sucked in his last sob, wiping his face on an old handkerchief before he replied.
“I’m sorry Kit, I wouldn’t have intended for you to see me like this.”
Don’t be silly, I answered, We all cry sometimes. I cried yesterday, just because I was sick of peeling vegetables.
Henri laughed but it was hollow and sad. I could feel him rubbing his palms against his legs; a vein in his neck was throbbing too. He must have been upset for quite some time before I found him.
Whatever’s the matter? I pressed.
“I will show you,” he answered, shaking out his final tears before dabbing his eyes dry.
Henri rose from the bed and brushed himself down; through his eyes I saw his brown trousers were scuffed and dirty, his shirt un-tucked, his shoes covered in scratches. He walked slowly out of the dark room into the rest of the roof space where a dirty white door was ajar. He pushed it open with the swing of one smooth hand, revealing a dark little wash room with a grey sink. 
“I shan’t turn on the light,” Henri continued, “You’ll see me well enough.”
Above the worn old sink was a small mirror and, a moment later, there was Henri’s reflection. I’d be lying if I said I hadn’t been imagining what he might look like, running hundreds of debonair faces through my mind, all foreign and interesting and all terribly handsome. Henri would have been handsome, if not for the huge purple bruises all over his face. Cocoa brown eyes stared out of his damaged face, sad eyes with red rings enclosing them from his crying fit. He had dark hair, almost black, that fell about his face like it was due for a cut, under his fringe on one side was a huge gash that had only recently finished bleeding. It had two poorly-done stitches in it; I shuddered to think he might have done them himself.
“Well? Do you see me?”
Gods Henri, who did this to you?
He laughed that empty, humourless chuckle again.
“Who do you think Kit?” he answered.
Of course I knew who. But why? I felt a surge of guilt. Was it because you threatened that officer?
Thankfully Henri shook his head, looking straight at himself with a stare so intense I almost forgot he couldn’t see me. He had high, arching cheekbones that were almost black in the worst parts of the bruising and his face would have been sharply triangular if not for one part of his jaw that jutted out with swelling. 
“His name is Kluger,” Henri explained, spitting out the title with such a strong sneer that it hurt his face to pull it, “He’s what you would call a captain, I think. But he was never really here for me.” He hung his head suddenly and I found myself looking into the old sink and its watermarked rings. “It was Mr Hoffman he was looking for.”
The shop owner? I pressed, confused. Why do the Germans want him?
Henri let his face rise back into the mirror’s path, giving me a sad look with his lovely eyes. 
“Can you stay a while?” he asked.
I think so, I replied.
Without another word Henri left the wash room and made for a little staircase at the end of the dark upstairs corridor. He was indeed in the attic of the large building; his feet found two flights of stairs before I recognised the corridor near the store room where we had had our first conversation. Henri carried on beyond that space, passing some sad looking women who were smoking. They shook their heads when they saw him; I felt one pat him on the shoulder as he passed without acknowledging them, but he didn’t stop. Henri didn’t stop until he was down in the shop front itself where, like the store room, everything had been overturned. 
He surveyed the destruction for the briefest of moments; I had enough time to take in the finest fashions ripped to shreds all over the floor. I saw the brown suit Henri had been finishing; it had been ripped off a model near the till so only half the jacket remained, the other sleeve and lapel lay in torn pieces not too far from it. I could remember so clearly the precision and the concentration Henri felt when he was working on that suit. I was livid at the cruelty of it all, but Henri’s awful emptiness swallowed up my rage. He walked quietly through the destroyed shop and out into the street.
I felt his sore face start to sting in the light spring rain that was failing. Henri pushed his unruly hair back against his head, walking the deserted pavement until he turned to face the shop window. The title of the tailor’s was in Norwegian, but the name Hoffman was clear enough within the words. Below the title someone had taken a tin of white paint and created a huge six point star. The Star of David. I had seen it a few times in London when we travelled through the posher bits. Another message was daubed underneath it.
Henri, what does that painted bit say?
“Protect yourself; don’t buy from Jews,” he whispered, “It appeared yesterday morning, then last night they came to take Mr Hoffman for questioning, just like Mr Bavistock.”
Your English teacher, I mused, What became of him, after the questioning?
“Nobody has seen him since,” Henri answered, “The people who go to be questioned… None of them have come back.”
I’m so sorry. I felt helpless, totally useless and unbelievably guilty. Here I was, sitting in my cosy little room in North Wales looking forward to cake and party food, whilst people like Henri would be all over Europe mourning the loss of friends they’d known. I couldn’t think of anything else to say except to repeat my regret. Henri, I’m so, so sorry. I just wish I could help.
“You’re here with me,” he murmured, “That’s something.”
And they can’t take me away, I added.
Henri pressed his fingers deep into his palms as he stood staring at the painted star. As his vision refocused I saw his full frame, a blurred reflection in the dark window. He was dishevelled, his shoulders hunched and deflated, but he was a broad boy with long arms and legs. His face was too obscured in the window to see his bruises; there was just an outline of his jaw and his ears sticking out a little against his messy hair. I wanted to hold his hand, to tell him that things would be right when England won the war, but I wasn’t sure I even knew that to be true. 
“When they came to take him today, I fought against them,” Henri said softly, “My face is a warning to everyone against supporting a Jew. Hoffman was a charitable person, but his widow is not. I think she will turn me out soon.”
Despicable, I seethed, and after you defended him.
He shrugged. “I think it’s practical. I have made myself an enemy to Kluger now. I would cause her too much trouble if she let me stay.”
So what will you do?
“I don’t know yet,” he replied with a sigh.
I’ll come back, Henri. I’ll come back every day that I can. It wasn’t much to offer, but it was all I had.
“I hope so Kit,” he whispered, “I could use a friend right now.”
And that’s exactly what you’ve got, I replied.
Henri took us back to his room and I stayed until his clock ran out my hour, letting him run his gambit of abuse about the Germans and the occupation. When he swore he did it in Norwegian for what he called ‘gentlemanly reasons’, but I agreed with every slur even though I could only guess their meaning. By the end of the time it hurt to let him go, but as I went I felt his aching face break into a smile.


The end of Blod’s birthday weekend meant saying goodbye to Clive, Thomas and Ieuan, which was a tearful affair for Mam, especially since this time they were actually going to England instead of back to the Welsh coast. With Leighton’s help I managed to stand up from my chair to wave them goodbye, watching their tall navy blue figures cut a dash through the muggy spring afternoon as they started the walk to the village. Clive put his arms around his boys’ shoulders as they disappeared down the grassy path and Mam turned away with a hanky to her nose. I watched Clive’s smart RAF hat until it was totally out of view, hoping with pride that he and the boys would be there to bash the Germans and end this war all the quicker. 
I was eager to get back to Henri, but my plans were scuppered when Mam received a telephone call from Doctor Bickerstaff saying he had an appointment free that day. She had sent him a message on Friday about my great excursion to the wash basin and now the rotten doctor wanted to interrupt my life to see it for himself. As much as I was happy to have taken a few steps, there were far more important things I could be doing, things that I couldn’t justify to anyone, unfortunately. We trundled up over the big hill in the doctor’s nice white car but all the while I could only think of how pleasant and safe things were in the damp spring climate of Bryn Eira Bach compared to Oslo, where perhaps at this very moment Henri would be walking the streets with his battered face looking for somewhere new to live and work. Alone.
Seething frustration filled me up like a kettle ready to boil by the time I was in Bickerstaff’s waiting room. It was always crowded on a Monday with people who had gotten poorly over the weekend and he was late seeing me. Mam didn’t ask about my livid expression, I supposed she was used to that kind of drama having raised Blod; she just read her magazine patiently and occasionally showed me what she thought was an interesting photo. I nodded sometimes, biting my lip, until she got into a very animated conversation with another mother figure that had just walked in and finally left me in peace. When Bickerstaff called me in, Mam was still chatting to her friend, but she gave the doctor a respectful nod.
“I’ll come in when you’re ready, Doctor,” she offered.
He nodded curtly like he always did and waited for me to wheel myself into his room. I came at him so fast that the wheels of my chair flew over the bump between the flooring with ease and he had to jolt out of my way unexpectedly. I pulled up to his desk without so much as looking at him. 
“I see you’re feeling stronger, Kit,” he observed flatly. I didn’t answer, since he was never really listening anyway, and I was proved right when he carried on talking. “I have some walking aids that you’re going to try and use.”
He was off to fetch them without awaiting a response, because there wasn’t even a question about having to do as I was told. It was one of the things I resented most of all about my illness, above any of the pain and the inconvenience it brought, the fact that I had to just sit there and put up with the people around me. If there was ever a motivation to learn to walk, it would be that walking was the first step in learning to run away. If I could run away now, I could hide somewhere and find Henri, but instead I was stuck with Bickerstaff and his constantly disappointed expression. 
The doctor returned with two tall wooden structures that had grips about a third of the way down and padded rests at the very top of them. They were long, triangular things that ended in a point where they met the floor. Bickerstaff leant them against his desk then offered me his hands.
“Up you get then, chop-chop,” he said in that expectant way. 
I wished I could have jerked myself up to show him how annoyed I was, but my attempt at a haughty leap only resulted in me failing the first attempt to rise. The second time I took it slower, standing and locking my knees as best I could. I looked down at the floor, colour creeping into my face. I had someone who needed me to be there for him, and here I was performing like a circus monkey instead for the beastliest ringmaster in Christendom. 
“This soft part of the crutch rests under your arm,” Bickerstaff said, shifting one of the walking aids under my left arm, “Lean on it whilst I get the other.”
Soon I had one crutch under each arm propping me up where I stood. I felt like a heavy washing line drooping between the two. Bickerstaff put my gloved hands on the grips where I took hold of them with a vicious tightness; he nodded approval more to himself than to me, standing back and making some space between us. 
“Let’s see you walk then,” he urged, “Use the aids one at a time to help you get your feet forward.”
My feet, it turned out, were not the problem. The huge wooden structures were wickedly heavy, heavier even than the splints that bound my limbs at night. I struggled to get the first one forward even a few inches before I brought my foot to meet it, then the other crutch snagged on the lino for ages before I was able to haul it up level. I managed about four of these awkward movements before the pressure under my arms was too much to stand. I felt bolts of electricity shooting down from my shoulder to where my fingers gripped the handles of the wood, my eyes burning with tears from the strain.
“Your arms are still shocking,” Bickerstaff snapped, “This really isn’t good enough Kit, you’ll never strengthen your legs without your arms for support.”
He reached for his file like he was just going to leave me standing there in agony. I swallowed the heavy lump in my throat, bit back my tears and let my frustration get the better of me. 
“I think you ought to start being a bit nicer to me, Doctor,” I began, my breathing sharp. 
He laughed at me without looking up. “Oh? Does that mean you’re going to start making better progress for me?”
“I know about you,” I said, narrowing my eyes on the top of his blonde head.
“Know what exactly?” he asked, still not looking.
“About you and Blod… and Ness.”
It was a slow, surreal process when Doctor Bickerstaff next let his big blue eyes meet mine. His face was much younger when he wasn’t scowling; his mouth was limp and open slightly as he studied my face. I hoped that the pain of leaning on my crutches was showing, adding to the anger in my burning eyes and gritted teeth. He didn’t bother to deny anything, so I knew my suspicions were close enough to the truth.
“You dare to threaten me?” he demanded, leaning his hands hard into the wood of his desk. His mouth contorted back into its usual sneer, but his eyes were too shocked to comply. 
“Yes I do,” I spat angrily, “because you're a cold, nasty man who's horrible to me. Perhaps this will help you to change.” It was satisfying to be the disapproving one in the conversation for once.
Bickerstaff’s chest rose and fell a few times as he huffed. He looked at me, then away again, and then back again until eventually he dropped himself into his chair, running one hand through his hair that messed up its slick, smart look.
“I suppose Blod told you?” he asked, looking at his desk.
“Of course not,” I scoffed, red hot anger making sweat pool at the back of my neck, “She hates me.”
Bickerstaff snapped his head up again at that, his brows crashing down to hood his eyes. “Then how do you know?” he pressed.
“That’s my business,” I said, borrowing the smug smile he usually wore.
The doctor pointed at me wordlessly for a moment then slammed a fist down on his desk that made his pencils rattle off the table. I flinched; my breath was hot and furious still.
“You kids,” Bickerstaff spat venomously, “you think you know everything at fifteen, don't you? Think you can control the world around you. Well this kind of behaviour gets people hurt, young lady, I hope you mark that.”
I wanted to shout at him, to answer him back with the same poisonous tone he was using, but the heat and the sweat and the pain from leaning on the crutches was suddenly too much. I had been standing for minutes, too many minutes taking all the strain of my tired limbs. I looked down to my aching arms, feeling my face turn clammy with a sheen of hot sweat. My eyes widened in horror at the salmon coloured rash all over my forearm, creeping up under the sleeve of my blouse. I looked down at my unstockinged legs, seeing the same hideous orange-pink blotches breaking out on my feet and ankles.
Bickerstaff was out of his chair and saying something about my face. I felt his arm close around me and heard the heavy wooden crutches fall away, but my vision was turning slowly black. I could smell the clean, soapy scent of the doctor’s hands as one came up to feel my head, slipping all over it because I was caked in the salty water rapidly seeping from my skin. I knew for just one moment that the fever had returned before everything went black.

***

I had a horrible feeling that Doctor Bickerstaff might be sitting at my bedside when I was next conscious, so I was both surprised and relieved to find Bampi Idrys asleep in a chair when I managed to turn over in my bed at Ty Gwyn. The clock face told me it was six, but the light outside would not give way to it being either morning or evening and I had no way of telling what day it was either. The only solution to that would be to wake Idrys, which felt too cruel as I watched the gingery-grey farmer blow a bubble on his sleepy lip. Instead, I shuffled onto my back again and assessed my aching body. My mind felt clear, and though I knew it wasn’t a good idea given the fever, I shut my eyes and raised my palms up over my face. 
Henri?
Everything was black for a moment before Henri’s eyes opened. He was staring up at a cloudy morning sky, the shadow of a pinky-blue hue lurking behind the heavy clouds. He groaned loudly, rubbing his face.
“Kit? Did I hear you?” he whispered.
You were asleep, I said guiltily.
“Of course I was,” Henri added, clearing his throat, “It’s seven in the morning, and I have no job.”
And no home by the looks of it, I observed, Where on earth are you?
Henri answered my question as he sat up, showing me a series of great leafy trees, stone paths and benches. He was in a cold, empty park, lying on a hard wooden bench. Henri shivered against the morning breeze as he pulled a big overcoat out from under him and wrapped himself up.
“Thank God it’s nearly summertime,” he breathed.
What day is it? I asked him.
“Wednesday,” he replied, “Do you not know?”
I’ve been… ill. I’ve been asleep a lot.
“Are you all right now?” I appreciated the concern in his lovely deep voice.
I’m over the worst of it, I answered, hoping that was true. I still couldn’t decide if it was the strain of the crutches or the argument with Bickerstaff that had set me off. Either way I intended to avoid both for as long as possible now. That suspicion I had about the doctor and Blod and the baby? It was true, by the way. The doctor knows that I know; he’s furious about it.
“You spend a lot of time with this doctor,” Henri observed, “I think there’s something you’re not telling me.”
He got up and walked in his scuffed shoes along the stone path, looking out into the park that was slowly filling with people; some of them were soldiers passing through. I thought for a while about what I ought to tell Henri. It felt wrong to keep things from him when I could just invade his head whenever I felt like it. He passed a few people then ducked off the path down to a lovely little pond covered in algae. Henri sat down alone in the reeds, plucking one off and running it between his smooth fingers several times.
All right then, I began, here’s some things you don’t know about me. I have reddish-brown hair, blue eyes and very white skin because I’m hardly ever out in the sun. I can’t walk. Well, I can walk a tiny bit, but not enough to go out alone. I have to push myself around in a wheelchair.
“That makes sense,” Henri said, surprising me with his casual tone. I didn’t feel even a fleck of disappointment in his body that I was crippled up in a chair. “You always seem to be indoors with everything you tell me about. Now I know why.” We were silent a moment at the little pond, I felt a cool relief sweeping over me. “This doctor, what does he do for you?”
He’s teaching me to walk again… well, maybe. I’m not certain that I can.
“I thought you said he was horrible?” Henri pressed, “That sounds very noble to me.”
You haven’t met him, I countered. Henri chuckled. 
“Your illness,” he began in a softer tone, “Does it give you pain?”
Yes. I felt his chest ache right in the centre.
“I’m sorry for that,” he whispered.
Me too, I replied, but it’s been more than three years now, you get used to some of the pain over time.
Silence fell once more between us. Henri grew nervous, fumbling with the reed in his fingers until it slipped and swayed gently to the ground between his legs. He rubbed the dirty knees of his trousers thoughtfully and then let out a sigh.
“I have decided what to do, now that I’ve no work to keep me here,” he said in a much more shaky tone.
What? I asked impatiently. 
“I met some other young men last night,” Henri explained, blinking down at the dewy foliage he was sat on, “They’re going to escape from the city and travel north into the mountains.”
I didn’t like the sound of that; surely the icy mountains were far more dangerous than the Germans? But why? I asked. Why would you go north?
“Because boats have been arranged,” Henri answered, his voice now a nervous low whisper, “There are boats to bring men to Scotland, men who want to join the British Army and fight.”
You’re coming here? I couldn’t hide the excitement in my voice, but then I realised the risk in what he was doing. Crossing the North Sea would be a harrowing task, and that was if he made it out of Oslo at all without the Germans catching him. Henri, isn’t this all too dangerous?
He waved his hand. “Everything is settled. I leave tonight.”

***

I stayed as long as I could with Henri before the cold shiver in my spine told me it was time to come back to my own head. He wouldn’t explain his escape plan since he was sitting in such a public place, but he told me the time that he was due to leave and I promised I would return to give him courage. It would be the middle of the night here, there was no reason I couldn’t do it, even if I knew I’d feel awful the morning after. As I opened my eyes back at Ty Gwyn I was filled with excitement and dread in equal measure. I knew by Henri’s watch that it was nearly nine here now, so I didn’t bother with the clock. 
Idrys was awake and watching me thoughtfully under his bushy brows. It made me jump when I realised he was still there and I winced with the sharp pain that shockwaved through me when I saw him. He scratched his bearded chin at me, smiling but with something serious in his eyes. I tried to rub my eyes, feigning sleep although I had actually been awake for hours.
“You do that a lot, you know,” Idrys began, and to my horror he mimicked my motion where I placed my hands over my eyes when I let my mind travel. “I’ve seen you a few times in the sitting room, doing that, when you think no-one’s come in the room.” I swallowed dryly, but said nothing. “I asked Leighton about it the other day,” the old farmer continued, “but he just told me you get funny headaches.”
“I, um,” I stammered. I didn’t know what to say, the old man was looking at me in a whimsical sort of way, like he had yet more words ready to fall from his lips.
“The funny thing is,” he added, leaning forward, “I used to know someone else who did that with his hands and his eyes. That fella I was telling you about in the army, the psychic spy.”
I felt like Bickerstaff had when I told him what I knew, helpless and shocked and angry that my secret was out. But like the doctor I had no power to deny it; no words would come to find a good excuse. Idrys knew. He already believed that people like me were possible; there was no way I could talk him out of that.
“You moved your lips, you know,” he said amusedly, “like you were talking to someone.”
“I was,” I replied, stunned.
“Who?” Idrys asked.
His old face was kind and curious. A weight that had been resting on me for a very long time suddenly disappeared. I took a very deep breath and told him everything.


I stayed sat up in my bed all that day. The horrible Doctor Bickerstaff had not come to see me, but he had commanded three days’ rest until the fever was definitely gone. I had slept through one and half of those days already, but Mam insisted on sticking to his word. I wondered if she would be so eager to please him if she knew about him and Blod, but any part of me that wanted to spill the beans on him was overshadowed by how much I cared for Mam. It would surely have broken her heart to know that Ness’s father was the surly doctor living just over the hill. 
Idrys left after breakfast to sort a few things out with the farm boys, but he promised he would return in the evening to advise me on Henri’s escape. He said if I was going to be there, then maybe I could take some old military tips with me and be useful. Being useful to Henri was exactly the plan, so I was keen for him to get back. I tried to sleep a little but I was too worried to really relax even though I needed to build up my strength. I had just about drifted off when a great clattering and slamming of my bedroom door told me that Blod had arrived in her usual carefree style.
“Come on you, lunch,” she ordered.
It took my weak limbs a little while to obey me and organise my body back into a sitting position. Blod huffed out her breaths as she stood with my lunch tray, tapping one of her heeled feet to a slow rhythm on the threadbare carpet. The very second that I looked like I was sitting right she dumped the tray over my lap so that soup dribbled out over one edge of the bowl. I righted it quickly, biting back my annoyance as my oh-so-gracious maid turned to go. A wicked thought hit me when she got to the door.
“Blod.”
The blonde stopped in her tracks, throwing her head back in my direction with a roll of her eyes. “What now?” she demanded.
“If you had a secret,” I began in a low, careful tone, “And someone else found out about it, would you want them to tell you that they knew?”
Blod’s face didn’t change at all. If I hadn’t already known that she did have a secret, her perfect features would have given nothing away. She was much better at playing it cool than Bickerstaff. She looked thoughtfully at the wooden lintel of the door, running her fingers down the doorframe.
“Hmm,” she mused, “I suppose if it was something shameful, I’d rather they didn’t tell me they knew. It’s easier to pretend then, isn’t it?”
Blod’s bright blue eyes became terribly pensive, focusing hard on the wood and wallpaper near her. I was dangerously close to feeling sorry for her, but I put that down to this being the first real conversation we had ever had.
“What if it wasn’t shameful,” I offered, “just sort of… unfortunate?”
Her rosy lip stiffened.
“I wouldn’t want people feeling sorry for me,” she bit the ends off her words as she spoke. 
Before I could say anything else she swept her perfect frame from view and I heard her heels totter off down the stony hallway. She had left my door open and a little spring breeze filtered in, cooling my soup. As I ate I began to think that Blod and I weren’t all that different sometimes. I knew exactly how awful it was to have people giving you their sympathy all the time, like it was going to be some comfort to me that these healthy, able-bodied people had taken time out of their active lives to take pity on poor sick Kit in her chair. It would be worse for her if people knew about Ness. Poor husbandless Blod and her child. 
A shaky, bitter guilt hit my throat as I tried to eat. Perhaps I had made a mistake in threatening Doctor Bickerstaff, but there wasn’t much I could do now to put it right except to keep my big mouth shut. 

***

A whole day sat in bed was excruciatingly boring, save for the portion where Leighton came home from school and sat talking to me before dinner. Mam let him stay with me for the meal but I became more and more anxious as I wolfed down an overload of veggies and not much meat. Idrys had not yet returned. I had about five hours before Henri was due to make his escape from Oslo and no advice as yet from the only other person who knew of my gift. Leighton made a crumbly mess all over my covers with bread and I tried my best not to bark at him with my growing irritation.
“You’re going potty in here alone, aren’t you?” he observed brightly. 
“It was bad enough when I was stuck in the chair,” I moaned, tapping my knee rapidly, “but this is just awful.”
“Mam says you’re not allowed out of bed until two o’clock tomorrow exactly,” Leighton said, shaking his little head with a smile, “And Doctor B said we shouldn’t even talk to you very much until you were better, but Mam said that was going a bit far.”
“Humph,” was all I replied to that. I knew exactly why Bickerstaff didn’t want me conversing with anyone, especially not until my bad temper had abated as much as my fever had. I wouldn’t land him in any hot water now of course, for Blod’s sake, but there was no reason that he had to know that just yet. 
Leigh was telling me about his horrid teacher at school when Idrys finally poked his bearded head around the door. He picked my brother up off the bed in his massive arms and deposited him in the doorway with a pat on the head. 
“Off you go bach, it’s my turn now,” he said. Leighton looked at me, shrugged, and went on his way. Idrys closed the door gently. “He’s a bit easily led, your brother,” he observed, “We’ll have to work on that sometime.”
The old Welshman settled himself in the chair beside my bed and I shuffled nearer to him, my eyes wide and waiting. Idrys steepled his old hands and leant on them thoughtfully.
“I been thinking Kit,” he said slowly, “It’s not doing all this psychic stuff that’s making you so poorly, is it?”
My eager heart deflated. Wasn’t he going to help me?
“No!” I insisted immediately, “No it’s that awful Doctor Bickerstaff. He tried to make me walk for ages and it was so difficult.”
Well, most of that was true, apart from my overwhelming, seething anger and the fact that we’d been arguing. Idrys considered that for a moment then released his hands with a flick. He broke into a little sigh.
“All right then,” he said. Relief swept across my face. “I expect if this boy of yours is trying to get out of the city, he’ll have to get past patrols and guards and things. It strikes me the most useful thing you could do is get into the heads of these guards and distract them long enough for him to get past.”
I nodded, but with a frown. “That’s easier said than done,” I admitted, “I’m not exactly known for accuracy of getting into the right head at the right time.” I didn’t feel quite so confident any more. “But I have been getting better at it,” I added quickly.
“Hmm,” Idrys mumbled, rubbing his beard, “Maybe you need a little target practice. Why don’t you try me?”
“What, right now?” I was a little startled.
The old man smiled. “Unless you’ve tried me before, of course?”
I laughed. “No, no I haven’t. It’s just strange for someone to ask me to… jump into their head.”
“Well it won’t be a new experience for me,” Idrys replied, “That fella I knew in the war passed me a few mind messages back in the day. I remember how it works.”
It was a strange and awkward experience, but Idrys had that comforting charm that only granddads have, which made it a little easier for me to relax and gather my thoughts. I felt self-conscious as I raised my hands up to cover my face but I tried to push embarrassment aside. I closed my eyes, taking my two deep breaths, and suddenly I was totally disturbed by the sight of myself sitting in my bed. I was right; I looked very peculiar with my hands up like that, but I could see how Leighton would have mistaken me for having a headache if he’d ever caught me that way.
This is so strange, I thought.
Idrys laughed. He felt warm, but a little tense. “Would you prefer it if I looked somewhere else?”
Yes please, I replied.
Idrys flicked his eyes over to the fireplace and I went with him. He folded his hands over his belly.
“Well, you did that well enough,” he remarked, “So yur’s the thing: can you now go from my head to someone else’s? See if you can get to Ness without going back to your own head first.”
I’d never thought of doing that before, but it didn’t seem too difficult. Except that I couldn’t close my eyes again, or raise my hands like I normally would. I was going to have to just concentrate and see if I could get there without any physical moves. I pushed myself away from Idrys and his warm heart, thinking instead of Ness’s huge blue eyes, her joyous giggle and her precious Dolly. And I was in the kitchen. I could feel Dolly’s hand in Ness’s mouth. She looked up just in time to see Blod snatch the rag doll out of her grip. Ness dropped her mouth open in protest.
“Ych a fi!” Blod said, shaking her head. “This thing’s dirty bach, you’ve got to let me wash her now.”
I felt Ness’s bottom lip quiver. Her little heart was turning hot and her brows were coming down hard into the tantrum of all tantrums, something I did not want to be sitting in her mind to witness. But instead of sinking back into the blackness that would pull me to my own head, I thought with all my strength of Idrys again. He was standing by the fire now, warming his coarse farmer’s hands.
I did it! I exclaimed, making him prick up his ears. He looked around and I saw myself on the bed, still entranced. I went to Ness’s head and I came back to yours, without stopping off at my head at all!
“Smashing,” Idrys said, “Then you’ve got what you need. Now go back to normal so you can save your strength for later.”
He was right of course, and when I got back into my own mind I could feel the toll the new type of journey had taken on my already weak frame. Now I really wished I had been able to sleep better in the daytime. I cradled my tired head and wiped my eyes as Idrys came back to sit beside me. 
“I don’t know if I can do this,” I said quietly, “It might be a lot harder in the dark when the minds belong to strangers. And in Norway too, it’s a bit different to two rooms away, isn’t it?”
Idrys reached out and patted my shoulder with a smile.
“I don’t know a lot about this psychic lark,” he said gently, “but I do know a thing or two about life. And life is about belief. If you’ve got belief in yourself, you’ve got a chance of doing great things.”
I nodded, wanting desperately to believe him. But if life had taught me anything so far it was that my body had a habit of ruining all my chances at doing things, great or not. What was there to suggest that it wouldn’t let me down now too, when I needed it most? Idrys didn’t need psychic powers to sense my hesitance. He gave my shoulder another squeeze.
“This boy Henri, you care about him, don’t you?”
“Of course,” I said, a tiny smile creeping into my lips, “We’re friends. He said he really needs a friend.”
“Then you’ll do your best for him, won’t you?” Idrys pressed. I nodded fiercely. “Then I think you’ll do fine. Now sit back and relax and I’ll give you the rest of my advice.” He let go of my shoulder but I felt all the heavier, laden with the new responsibilities of my gift.

***

The clock on my bedside table was lit by moonlight as the rest of Ty Gwyn slept. When it was nearing the time that Henri had set, I got to work unstrapping myself from the night splints that Mam had returned to me earlier that night. Nothing would get in the way of this mission; no torturous device from some evil doctor’s mind would weaken me when I took my mind to Norway tonight. By the time I’d gotten the wicked things off I was ready to lie back and concentrate hard on finding Henri. I did my best to relax and be comfortable, freeing my body and mind from every distraction.
In moments I could see a damp grassy space in front of me in the dark. The wind howled as Henri shivered and there were many whispered voices around him talking in Norwegian. He was rubbing his hands together and taking furtive glances around at the murmuring group. They were all young men like him; some looked even younger than me, their faces contorted with worry in the dark.
Henri, it’s me.
 I knew by the jolt of surprise in his heart that he had heard me, but otherwise he didn’t so much as flinch. I realised then that he wouldn’t be able to just talk to me in English with a dozen other boys around him. 
Listen, I have some advice from an old solider. Can you hear me ok?
He nodded very slowly, so slowly that the other boys would probably have thought he was stretching his neck.
Right, I began, trying to remember exactly what Idrys had said, you should put your socks on outside your shoes so that you make less noise when you’re running.
I felt Henri break into a smile. He whispered in his own language to the other lads as he began to unlace his shoes. Everyone else quickly followed suit.
And rip anything off your clothes that’s dangling or loose so it doesn’t get caught on fences or wires, I continued. 
Henri spoke again to his cohorts as they were taking their socks off. One of them gave him a huge smile and patted Henri on the shoulder. I felt that familiar swell of pride in Henri’s chest as he checked his clothes for loose bits. 
And this was the most important one, I said, No lights, not even a cigarette, not even if you think there’s no Germans around. There could be sentries anywhere with guns, if they see a light where it ought not to be, they might just shoot for it.
Idrys had been very specific about that one; he had lost friends in the first war in that way. Henri gulped hard and did his slow nod again before addressing the boys one last time. When they had finished fumbling with their clothes, one of the elder boys took Henri off to the side, crouching with him in the wet grass. The older fellow spoke to him quickly and sharply, pointing with a flat hand off into the darkness. Then he gave him a hard clap on the shoulder and returned to the group, leaving Henri stooped alone in the black night.
What was that about? I pressed.
Henri gulped again. “They said I’m good with ideas, so they want me to distract the guards whilst they start the run.”
That didn’t sound good. My expert advice from Idrys had made Henri the least likely to get away safely now, but I wasn’t prepared to accept that.
You take me to the guards and I’ll do the rest, I promised.
There were four large German soldiers standing sentry at the border point the boys had chosen. Painted signs in both German and Norwegian glowed occasionally in the reflection of the soldiers’ flashlights as they ambled back and forth aimlessly. They were young men, not much older than the boys trying to escape the city, and they were clearly bored beyond belief of being on guard duty. Henri was laid flat on the wet grass about ten feet from the nearest soldier where the wire fence ended to leave a space for cars to pass through. The most thickset of the four guards was training his flashlight on that gap, staring intently into nothingness whilst the other three smoked and talked. 
Choose your moment carefully, I told Henri, my own nerves raging as wildly as his thumping heart, That big silent guard is about to have a very funny turn.
“Good luck.” Henri mouthed it so quietly I couldn’t be sure he’d even said it.
Keep looking at the guard for me.
I focused hard on the quiet man, glancing from his meaty hands gripping the light to his small, piggy eyes cast into shadow. I tried to imagine the mind numbing boredom he was feeling, the sheer pointlessness of standing in the damp, dark night with three other blokes that he probably didn’t like very much, judging by the discontented curl on one side of his fat pink lip. I could feel his lip curling, and suddenly I felt terribly hungry. My vision was staring into the gap in the pass, following the beam of the flashlight. My flashlight. In my meaty hand. 
Mission accomplished, but the real work was next. My distraction of choice was a tried and tested method; I had done it to Leighton plenty of times when I first got the hang of my gift, back before I realised how cruel it was to frighten my little brother like that. But my childish prank had not been in vain, for now it would give Henri the chance to escape.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
I buzzed like a bee, hard and loud and right into the centre of the guard’s mind. He jumped immediately as I’d hoped he would, dropping the flashlight. It rolled away leaving the gap in total darkness. The guard fell about wildly grabbing at his ears, batting them with his huge hands as he tried desperately to flush the imaginary creature from his eardrum.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
I let my inner child take over, the buzzing grew wilder and louder still. The guard threw his gun off his shoulder and cried out which attracted the attention of the other three men. I grew dizzy as the meaty guard ran around in circles with his hands over his ears, staring at the dark ground. He ran up away from the pass in the opposite direction to Henri, along the fence a little until he turned, crying to his fellow soldiers to help him as he sank to the ground. 
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
He looked up then, jumping up again frantically, and I saw all three of the others racing towards him. The sternest looking of them was shouting at the top of his voice. The other two were in fits of laughter; one of them had even retrieved a camera, but was laughing so much he couldn’t focus it. Not one of them still had hold of a flashlight as they crowded around the now-cowering guard I was occupying. My view of the pass was completely obscured, but that meant theirs was too.
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
I let the imaginary bee loose one last time in the meaty guard’s mind; he was screaming so loudly that a hundred boys could have run through the pass unnoticed. The stern soldier leant over to grab the distressed guard by the shoulders. He shook us violently, making me feel sick as he dug his hands sharply into the guard’s biceps, shouting over the screams to make his orders heard.
I stopped buzzing. The guard took a deep breath, his eyes clouded with water. He was shaking and breathing out ragged sobs. The laughing pair had finally gotten their act together to take an embarrassing photograph of him; the stern one shouted at them both when he saw the flashbulb go off behind his head. I receded gently back from the congealed humiliation building in the guard’s stomach, thinking instead of Henri and hoping that he’d taken the right moment to dash by.
When I found him he was streaking across the pitch black fields, glancing behind him to the patrol and the soldiers. Another flash of the camera told me he was already a considerable distance away from them; the bulb was little more than a firefly sized burst. His feet fell heavily into the grass but the socks over his shoes dulled each leap into a tiny thud. I could feel every muscle in his strong body raging as he pressed on in the darkness and slowly I saw the shadowed forms of the rest of the boys running in a pack just ahead of him.
Well? I asked loudly over the sound of Henri’s thudding heart. Did I do all right?
“You. Were. Amazing,” he panted, half laughing and half gasping for air.
The cold shiver I knew only too well began to creep up the back of my spine and though I wanted desperately to stay with Henri until he reached the other lads, I knew my energy was spent. 
I have to go, I said sadly, but I’ll come back as soon as I can.
“Tomorrow,” Henri gasped, “Promise me, tomorrow.”
Tomorrow, I replied as the feel of his charging heart faded away.


Every time I visited Henri in the next few days he made me promise that I would come back tomorrow, which was actually not an easy promise to keep in a house full of unpredictable Welsh women. When Idrys was visiting he helped me to make excuses to get peace and quiet, but when he wasn’t there I often had to retire to bed early to be undisturbed, pretending that I was tired or had a headache. Mam was starting to think that I was ill, which could only mean that a visit to beastly Bickerstaff was looming on the horizon and he was the last person I wanted to see. After about a week of visiting Henri for only five or ten minutes at a time I decided enough was enough. There was only one way to get peace from Ty Gwyn, and that was to get out of Ty Gwyn.
I needed to walk. I needed to get as far as the bank of the stream or to one of the trees where I could sit undisturbed and pretend to be taking in the fresh air. I told Henri of the plan early one night when I had feigned tired eyes and escaped to my room. 
“I don’t want you to hurt yourself,” he murmured, “Didn’t you say the strain makes you ill for days?”
He was standing on the side of a large hill looking out at a stunning pink sunset. The lads were making camp every night in some secluded part of the mountains as they moved nearer to their target, but Ol, their self-appointed leader, had told Henri it would be almost the end of May before they could get where they were going. Every time I went to him I saw a new, stunning view from the higher altitudes of Norway and it often made me wonder how much he would miss that kind of beauty when he eventually made it to the rain-drenched shores of Northern Scotland. 
We don’t know that for sure, I argued, Bickerstaff pushed me too hard. If I do it at my own pace I might be fine.
“Or you might not,” he added. It was hard to tell what was actual worry and what was just shivering in his chest from the cold evening air. 
Have a little faith in me, I said sadly.
Henri put his hands up to his chapped lips and rubbed them gently.
“Since this war began, you are the only thing I’ve had faith in. Sometimes I still wake up afraid that you’re not real.”
Perhaps when you make it to Britain I can prove to you that I’m real. 
It was a thought I’d been harbouring ever since Henri had told me his plan to get to Scotland. When I wasn’t with Henri I often let doubts creep in, like doubts about whether he would ever want to meet me if he did make it across the sea. But, here with him, when he said such meaningful things, it didn’t seem quite so impossible to believe that he would. 
I felt him smiling even though it cracked his sore lip. “How far will it be from Scotland to North Wales?” he asked. There was no hiding the elation in my voice when I replied.

***

The huge wooden crutches that Bickerstaff had tried me on had been sitting in the corner of my bedroom ever since the fever. It was a bright warm Sunday after chapel when Idrys wheeled me outside whilst Leighton struggled along with the crutches, dragging their pointed ends across the cobbles of the farmyard. We found a soft patch of grass at the edge of one of the fields; it was a space I knew from my psychic travels, the place where the teenage farm boys threw their love notes up at Blod’s window. When I glanced up at the window I saw Ness’s little face peeping out at us with interest, thankfully Blod wasn’t there to witness my struggling.
“Right, how do we go about this?” Idrys asked, perplexed by the triangular contraptions that Leighton was now trying to keep upright for me. I took them from him and stood them up either side of the chair, gripping the handles tightly. 
“Just be ready to catch her if she falls on her bum,” Leighton explained. I gave him a wide eyed glare but I couldn’t hide my smile. His freckles were coming out in the spring sunshine and I thought the country air had done wonders for his growth. Mum was going to be impressed by both of us when she saw us next, that I’d make sure of.
With a massive heave I got from the chair onto my feet, wobbling for a few moments until I had the cushioned parts of the crutches under each arm to prop me up. I felt like a sagging scarecrow as I straightened up my frame, embarrassment forcing the red flush into my cheeks as I realised how silly I must have looked to my little audience. When I found Leighton’s face again he was smiling, but thankfully not laughing. He rolled eagerly on the balls of his feet, clapping his hands together silently.
“Go on then, take a step.” I could hear the anticipation hitching his breath. 
Dragging the heavy crutches made my progress even slower than it had been when I used the wall of the bedroom to get about, but I walked seven snail-like paces to Idrys before I had to stop and heave out exhausted breaths. My arms were on fire and the jellyfish knees were back but Leigh and Idrys gave me a cheer all the same. The old farmer helped me back into my chair and said that we all deserved a drink and a biscuit, but as he wheeled me inside I waved a finger at him breathlessly.
“Only for half an hour,” I heaved, “Then you’ve got to take me back outside to try again.”
We went on like that for days, stepping in and out of the increasingly warm air as April turned to May. When Idrys was busy I managed to persuade Mam to tear herself away from her washing and cooking long enough to make sure I didn’t collapse on the grass and when Leighton got home from school he watched me practice inside. At first he stood by the door of the sitting room whilst I walked in case he needed to shout to Mam for help, but I couldn’t avoid feeling terribly pleased with myself when he finally plopped himself into a chair, deciding that I wasn’t going to fall. 
Though I hadn’t quite gained independence with my steps, the rests I had to take in between practices were perfect opportunities to wheel off to my room and find Henri. We’d been exchanging stories every day of our progress and though he had trekked scores of miles over sheer hillsides and vast barren plains, my grand total of nineteen steps in a row was still the greatest achievement he had ever heard of. Every day he wanted to know the number of paces I could manage, so every day I pressed myself harder to take that one extra step so as not to disappoint him. 
“This boy must be bloody good looking to get you working so hard,” Idrys remarked one morning when the step total had reached twenty three. 
I was inclined to agree, though I hadn’t seen Henri’s face at all since the day he’d been beaten up by Kluger and his mob. I found my motivation in the warmth in his chest when I told him of my success and in the wide smile he cracked when he heard me say hello. I needed his praise and his belief in me the same way I needed the crutches: to hold me up, to help me take on the challenge. Without them I could so easily be that tear-soaked little girl again collapsing on the floor of Bickerstaff’s office and that was something I definitely never wanted to go back to.

***

The last day in May was a Friday which always signified Mam putting on a huge family dinner and inviting Bampi Idrys in for the evening. It also meant that Blod would be occupied with the dual tasks of helping Mam cook and supervising Ness whilst Leighton spent most the day at school. I disappeared under the pretence of practising a few careful steps alone in my room, but once I’d wheeled in there I took just four steps from my chair to the bed where I lay back and shut my eyes immediately.
I was surprised to find Henri indoors after so many visits to the beautiful mountainsides he had been traversing. He was in a little wooden room looking into a sink full of soapy water. He sloshed his hands into the sink and brought them up to his face with a tired sigh, obscuring my view as he washed his forehead before moving down to his cheeks. He looked up, but where I had been hoping for a mirror there was just a blank wooden wall that he stared at without focus. He slapped his wet face gently a few times then suddenly shook his whole head, droplets flying everywhere.
Henri you make me feel sick when you do that! I protested.
He jumped, then laughed in quick succession. 
“Then you should tell me you’re here instead of spying on me,” he accused. 
He had a point, actually, but I wouldn’t let him win. Oh yes, I replied, because feeling you wash your face is terribly exciting. 
“What do you mean ‘feeling’?” Henri asked.
Um… In all our recent conversations I had managed not to let that slip yet, though I had often felt as though I ought to let Henri know I could feel everything that he felt. Well, I thought uncertainly, I can feel what you do with your body, almost like it’s my own body.
He pinched his arm hard. 
Ow! I cried immediately. He hissed at the pain he’d caused himself. You didn’t have to test it!
“This isn’t good news Kit,” Henri mused sadly, “If you’re with me and I get hurt, you’ll feel it. I don’t want you to suffer for me.”
I wanted to gulp down my worries. Are you likely to get hurt? I asked. 
Henri turned his back on the sink quietly as he reached for his shirt and swung it over his shoulders. For a brief moment he looked down to do up his buttons and I saw a flash of his bare chest, but he must have remembered quickly that I was behind his eyes because he looked up again at the wall while he finished getting dressed.
“Well, we’ve arrived at the place where the boats will come for us,” he explained, “This is a small base made up by the Resistance.”
When will your boat come? I pressed. He had ignored my last question, but I was too interested in how soon he could get across the sea to pursue it. 
“When the water’s right,” he said, drawing in a sharp breath, “We just have to be ready to leave as soon as they tell us. It could be any night from now on.”
That’s brilliant, I exclaimed. He smiled a very small smile.
“Listen to me Kit,” he said, his deep voice turning serious, “I don’t want you to be there when I cross the water.” I made to protest but he carried on talking. “It’s going to be cold and dangerous and all kinds of hell to endure. I don’t want to be the reason that you feel all that.”
But it won’t hurt me really, I argued, I’ll just-
“No,” Henri cut me off, shaking his head, “If you come to my mind and you find me on that boat, you leave again right away. And you keep leaving until I am back on land somewhere. If you don’t, I won’t forgive you.” 
I hadn’t heard him speak this harshly since the night he cursed the Germans when his employer was taken away, and most of that had been in Norwegian. This was his warning to me and he meant it. 
“If you care for me at all then you must do what I say,” he urged.
He knew more than I did about the dangers on the water, someone had clearly warned him how bad it was going to be. I wanted to tell him to turn back, to not risk it, but now that he had vanished from a city riddled with German soldiers there was little choice left for him but to endure whatever the journey threw at him. 
Of course I care for you, I said softly, I promise I’ll stay away until you’re safely on this island.
“Good,” he answered quietly. I felt the heavy burden in his chest start to relax. “Well, do we still have time together now, or will you have to go soon?”
I smiled. I think I’m all right for a while. Everyone’s busy here today.
Henri left the little wooden washroom and made his way down a pitch black corridor, turning instinctively to another tiny, dark room. Once inside he fumbled with a lantern until it came to life, illuminating a little bedroll on the floor. He lay down on it quietly and I felt the hardness of the floor behind his back. It was horribly uncomfortable, but it didn’t seem to bother him.
“I’ve been wondering about your family in London,” he said quietly, “Tell me, what does your mother do?”
Mum works in a factory that makes parts for bicycles, I admitted. I felt Henri smiling quietly to himself. It used to be a tiny little job, but she started working millions of hours there once Dad went away, and now she says the factory’s started making parts for aircraft instead. I felt a sad sort of longing creeping into the back of my head. That’s why she can’t get away long enough to come and see us up here, she’s working very long hours for the war effort.
“I think it’s good that everyone does their part,” Henri mused, “I want to do my part too when I come over.”
He meant becoming a soldier, I was sure of it. The thought of Henri going to battle was both awfully brave and utterly terrifying to me.
They won’t let you enlist until you’re eighteen though, I answered, bringing myself some comfort. 
“I know, but my birthday’s in August, it’s not that far away.” He shuffled on the hard floor, resting his head on a rolled up jacket. “So your father is away at the war?”
Um... no. Not exactly.
“What do you mean?” Henri asked.
I hesitated, for a moment before I gave in and told him. Dad went away about a year before the war started. Mum always says he’s working, but we haven’t heard a word from him in all this time. 
“I had a friend like that once,” Henri began, “His mother told him the same thing.”
And where was his dad really? I asked nervously.
Henri bit his lip. “I’m not sure I should say.”
Go on, I pressed, it can’t be any worse than what I’m thinking.
“In prison,” Henri answered, “What were you thinking?”
Dead.
I could feel the shock in Henri’s broad chest. “You don’t really think your father’s dead, do you?”
Sometimes, I said sadly, then sometimes not. It’s all so strange. We woke up one morning and he’d just vanished, he never even came to say goodbye to us. Mum just said he had to go, and that was that.
“I think prison’s more likely by the sound of that,” Henri said. I felt his own grief matching mine as he gripped the pockets of his trousers tightly, his arms turning stiff. “I would have preferred to hope that my parents were still alive, if I could have.”
I didn’t want to press him to talk about them and he didn’t volunteer any more information, so I tried to ignore the sadness rising within him.
If we were in the same place together, I said gently, this would be a good moment to give you a hug.
He broke into a grin as his gaze fixed on the black ceiling. “I have saved up a few hugs for you already,” he revealed, “On the condition that you can walk up to me to get them.”
A fluttery, wonderful feeling gripped my chest so strongly that I didn’t know if it was me or Henri that was feeling it. 
I did twenty seven steps last count, I replied, wondering if my voice would quiver in his head. 
“Then I’m going to stand thirty paces away and hold my arms out like this,” he laughed, pushing his long, strong arms up in front of him in a wide, welcoming gesture, “And you’ll have to get to me.”
Yours arms will be aching by the time I do, I giggled in reply, I walk like a snail. A slow snail. A really elderly, slow snail.
He fell about laughing with such abandon that all thoughts of the war vanished from our heads, so it wasn’t until I returned to Ty Gwyn later that I thought again about the boat and the dangers ahead. 


Henri and I had a few more precious days where we could chat and laugh together, but the night finally came where I closed my eyes and found him at sea. The thrash of icy waves shocked me so severely that I fell right out of his head and back into my own bed, but the few seconds I’d been with him were enough to tell me that every muscle in his body was straining against the North Sea. I wrestled with myself about going back to him, just to check that he was all right, but I had made a promise to him and it wouldn’t be right not to keep it.
I told Idrys about the boat when we were practising my steps outside and he promised me that a good strong boy could make it across the water. Henri was a good strong boy if ever I’d seen one, but I took little comfort in the old Welshman’s words. I didn’t even need to step into his head; there was something behind his thoughtful eyes that told me he was worried for Henri too. I threw all my efforts into reaching thirty paces, which was about the distance from the edge of the field to the nearest tree, but I got stuck at twenty nine, my energy sapping away until I actually did collapse on the grass. 
It had been three days since Henri went to sea when my aching body dropped into the long warm grass, spent from my futile efforts. Twenty nine steps weren’t enough to reach him. Nothing was enough to reach him until the beastly sea let him go. Idrys rushed over to me and made to help me up, but I waved him off, looking up at the tree I had almost reached as my eyes began to water. He looked down on me, his bushy brow furrowed in concern.
“Just leave me,” I sobbed, “I’m tired of this.”
“Don’t be daft,” he said, crouching down to scoop me up in his hefty arms, “You’re doing great, you are. Don’t be giving up now eh? Not when you’re so close.”
I lay limp and upset in his grip as he took me slowly back to my chair, shaking my head. 
“Everything’ll come right soon,” he promised, and I knew he didn’t just mean for me.
That night I went to bed feeling sure that Henri’s crossing would be over, readying myself to congratulate him on a mission well completed. He’d told me it would take about three days if conditions were good. I suspected that they weren’t good from the brief glimpses of the crashing waves and hellish winds I had witnessed when I checked on him, but I was still hopeful that the boat might have kept to its timescale. I settled in my cosy bed trying to ignore the anxious pounding in my chest, focusing on Henri as hard as I could.
Everything was black, like it sometimes was if I had caught him sleeping.
Henri? Henri wake up, it’s me.
Nothing happened. The world stayed black. I could feel someone breathing, but I couldn’t tell if it was him or me. There was no movement of body, no light, no noise.
Henri, I pressed, pushing harder and louder into his head. Henri please wake up. Please!
I tried time and again but there was no reply. I came back to my own head to check nothing was wrong with me then tried Henri again, but found myself in the same blackness as before. I panicked then, sitting up in bed and throwing all my splints off with a mighty crash. He was hurt; I just knew it, knocked out or something. I swung myself to the edge of the bed, tears flowing down my face. Or worse still, he was gone. He had warned me about the dangers he would have to face; perhaps this was what he really meant when he said he didn’t want me to suffer. 
He didn’t want me there in case I felt him die.
In spite of any weakness I leapt to my feet, racing on wild limbs to the nearby wash basin to throw up. I hadn’t even realised that I had made the walk without aids until after I had spewed my guts out, crying and heaving into the bowl. The door burst open and a second later I felt Mam’s warm hands on my shoulders as she guided me to sit and wiped my face. I could hardly communicate with her I was crying so much, which didn’t really matter because I couldn’t have possibly explained what had made me so upset. When my chest finally finished heaving I began to hear her soothing words.
“There, there, love,” Mam said in her sing-song lilt, “Bad dream was it?”
I just nodded, feeling hollow. I grimaced at the horrid taste in my mouth and Mam fetched me some water. When I tried to sip it my hands shook out of all control. 
“Oh dear,” Mam said quietly, “I hope you’re not getting sick, not with your birthday the day after tomorrow.”
I didn’t care about my birthday any more, not if I couldn’t hear Henri wish me many happy returns. 

***

My sixteenth birthday began with the news that conflict had broken out in North Africa. The wicked war that had engulfed the whole of Europe was expanding to other continents now; I had a horrid feeling that no place on Earth would be left untouched before it was through. It had already gotten to me, that was for sure. I tried in vain the whole morning of the day before to reach Henri again, but every time I sank into the horrific blackness where his mind used to be it only cut away another part of my heart, so that in the end I became terrified to try again, since every visit only cemented my grief at losing him. 
Mam still thought I was sick so she was being very tolerant about me crying all the time, tactfully ignoring it in that special way of hers. Idrys tried to take me out to practice my walking but I refused to go, even after he tried to persuade me that Henri was probably just unconscious. He didn’t know that for sure, he couldn’t possibly know that; I thought it was cruel to give me that kind of hope. In the end he gave up trying and just held my hand quietly for a while as Mam started to prattle on about the arrangements for my celebration.
“Now we’ll set up the big tables in the field between yur and the barn, you’ll do that Da,” she said to Idrys, who just nodded, “And Blod can lay the table up for nine of us.”
“Nine?” I said in a broken voice. If I was going to be made to suffer through a birthday garden party, I at least wanted to know the guest list.
“You, me, Bampi, Leighton, Blod, Ness, the two farm boys,” Mam began, hesitating a moment, “and Doctor Bickerstaff.”
“Doctor Bickerstaff?” I spat with rage. There could only have been one way to make my life worse right now and Mam had gone and done it. “Why on earth is he coming to my birthday party?”
“Nawr te,” Mam warned with a patient finger, “I know you don’t like him but he’s done wonders for you, and I want to say thank you to him.”
I couldn’t think of anything worse than sitting at a table full of laughing, joking people when I felt like my whole world had fallen into a gaping pit. Idrys had a hopefulness that I just couldn’t accept, so he was no help when all I wanted, no needed, to do was to be alone and think through the facts. I consoled myself at least that Doctor Bickerstaff would not be smiling and laughing at my party, in fact it would probably be just as much of a torture for him to attend as it was for me to have him there. He’d be sharing my misery, whether he knew it or not, and he’d probably spend the whole afternoon terrified that I’d let something slip about his secret to Mam. It was comforting to fix on his misery for a bit instead of my own, however selfish it made me feel, but then I tried my best to involve myself in setting up for the party in the hope that if I got really busy I might just be able to push my grief right out of my head for the rest of the day.

***

When the time came to sit at the head of the birthday table I had failed miserably in my attempt to not think about Henri. I plastered half a smile to my face as Idrys’s two farm boys came to sit down, their mouths hanging open as they stared at the beautiful food Mam had prepared in my honour. I tried to appreciate it all but it was so hard to unearth any spark of joy within me, so instead I just took a sandwich and ate quietly as the table gradually filled up with the rest of our little family. The farm boys’ mouths dropped once again at the arrival of Blod, apparently even more delicious than the party food. 
I was surprised at how much she’d gone to town to dress up, especially considering it was for my party. She looked stunning in a little yellow dress that I knew she had made from an old pair of curtains a few weeks ago, all long legs and flowing blonde tresses as she came and sat on my left hand side at the table. She gave me a smile that felt as forced as the one on my own face, which I didn’t really mind. I felt a lot less obligated to be happy and chatty with her sat beside me than anyone else; I could get on with my snacks in peace, willing the clock to run out so I could get back to my room and let my real feelings out again.
Bickerstaff was so late arriving that I’d actually convinced myself he wasn’t coming. It was funny to see him out of his usual doctor-wear; he was dressed in a smart suit, too clean for a party in a field, with a crisp bottle green shirt and a stunning white tie. As he approached the table and shook hands with Idrys I heard Blod gulping down water beside me like a starved camel. Her eyes were fixed on him for quite some time before she realised I was watching her. The young doctor settled himself as far away from us as possible at the other end of the table and accepted a small beer as he enquired with one of the farm boys after his father’s health.
“Well, now we’re all yur,” Mam began, rubbing her hands together excitedly, “How about some cake?”
Leighton and Ness cheered simultaneously; I envied their blissful ignorance to the horrible world around them. As Mam took some matches and started to light the candles of my cake, she smiled so warmly at me that for a moment I felt like things might get better again after all. 
“Aw, sweet sixteen eh?” she said proudly.
“And never been kissed,” Blod added. It didn’t sound unkind, but I knew how she meant it by the glitter in her shiny eyes.
“Unlike you eh Blod?” said one of the farm boys, setting them both off into sniggers.
Bickerstaff choked on his beer, slapping his chest hard to sort himself out. He caught my eye down the long table with a guilty look until Mam put the cake down in front of me, blocking his stare. 
“Right, all together now,” Mam said, holding up her fingers like a conductor, “And we’re doing it the Welsh way remember. One, two, three:”
“Penblwydd hapus I chi, Penblwydd hapus I chi, Penblwydd hapus I Kit, Penblwydd hapus I chi.”
Even Leighton had learnt it the Welsh way and it did make me break out into the first genuine smile of the afternoon, especially since Ness climbed up and stood on the table to belt out the last line at the top of her little lungs. Bickerstaff was mouthing the words, though I couldn’t hear his voice, watching the little girl carefully in case he needed to leap up and catch her if she fell. I blew out my candles without making a wish. The partygoers broke into applause and hip-hip-hoorays afterwards, but when the clapping died out I caught myself thinking about Henri once again.
I looked away from the happy scene, feeling like my throat was going to close up, only to notice a figure I hadn’t seen for a long time coming towards us through the old farm buildings. Officer Lewis, the local policeman, was ambling carefully over the cobbles and waving to get our attention. I tapped Blod’s arm and made her turn to see Lewis in the hope that her usual loudmouth style wouldn’t let me down. And it didn’t.
“All right there officer?” she bellowed, rising from the table to return his gesture, “What’s going on mun?”
“Idrys!” he shouted in his thick-as-gravy accent, “Yoo hoo! Mr Pengelly!”
Idrys eventually heard him and rose from the party table, his wide strides taking him to the officer before he was in earshot. They had a very animated conversation which all of the people at the table were watching, until Mam decided we were all being terribly rude and told us to get on with eating our cake. I did as I was told but my eyes kept flicking over to where the two men stood. Idrys caught my gaze a few times; he kept turning his head back in my direction as Lewis was talking to him. Eventually he nodded and the two men started off towards the front of the house.
“Where you goin’ Da?” Mam called.
“Be right back,” Idrys answered with a wave.
The table fell into an awkward silence, an atmosphere so dead that I could hear every individual at the table chewing on their cake and swigging their drinks. 
“So Doctor,” said Mam, desperate to break the quiet, “Have you heard about Kit’s walking? Da said he’s phoned you a few times. She’s coming on well, isn’t she?”
Idrys had been phoning Bickerstaff about me? I felt a little betrayed and vowed to have that out with him when he was done with Lewis.
“Apparently so,” the doctor replied like he didn’t believe a word of it, “She’s due for a formal review next week, so-”
“You shouldn’t talk about her like she’s not even here,” Blod butted in bitterly, “It’s just bloody rude, that is.”
“Bloody!” Ness shouted gleefully, making Leighton and the farm boys giggle. 
“What’s rude,” Mam said irately, “Is you butting into other people’s conversations, young lady.” 
I was put out at that, because Blod might have actually just done the only nice thing she’d ever done for me, and now she was being punished for it.
“I’m not a child, you know,” she bit back at her mother. I wanted to stand up for her, but I didn’t know what to say. 
“All the more reason not to behave like one then,” Mam answered sternly. There was a look in her eyes that told us all the conversation was over. 
Bickerstaff drained his drink and cleared his throat to cut the tension. “As I was saying, I’ll be able to make a proper assessment on your progress with the crutches on Monday, Kit, if that’s agreeable for you?”
He was talking to me, not Mam. Blod had won the argument after all. I nodded politely to him.
“That’s fine. Thank you doctor,” I replied.
During the exchange, Idrys had returned but Lewis hadn’t. Instead of going back to his seat at the table the old farmer came to my side and picked up my crutches, putting them across my lap. He took the handles of my wheelchair and began to pull me away from my place.
“Here what you doing?” Mam asked, half a smile on her lips.
“It’s a secret birthday present,” he said, his deep throaty voice filled with glee, “So keep your noses out, all of you.”
“I never got a secret present!” Blod moaned.
“And you never will with that attitude,” her Bampi replied, turning my chair so I couldn’t see any of them anymore. “I’ll bring her back in a minute, you lot stay put.”
When we were far enough from the table to be out of earshot I demanded to know what was going on, but Idrys just chuckled and kept quiet. It wasn’t until he had wheeled me back into the black and white hall of Ty Gwyn that he spoke again. He rounded my chair and crouched down, putting a hand on my knee with a wide, old smile.
“Did you make a wish on that cake?” he asked.
“No,” I said, my brows tightening in confusion.
“Well you should’ve,” Idrys beamed, “’Cause it’s come true.”
He left me outside the door to the small sitting room but pointed to it, like whatever he had planned was waiting right inside. I could hear Officer Lewis in there talking his head off about something ridiculous, like there was someone else with him to hear it all. I got up onto my crutches and approached the door slowly, knocking it with a kick of my foot. Lewis came to open it with his familiar grin.
“Wow Kit, you’re looking well!” he exclaimed. “On your feet and everything!”
“Well I’m just-”
I forgot everything that I was about to say as the door swung fully open. Sitting by the fireplace in Idrys’s usual chair was a boy with messy hair, both brown and black. He looked like he was wearing someone else’s clothes; they were a little too tight on his tall, long-limbed frame, the trousers rising an inch too high above his shoes and socks. He had high cheekbones and ears that stuck out a little, he was rubbing one of them with a smooth hand as he turned at the sound of my name. 
“Henri!”
“Oh, so you do know each other!” Officer Lewis said, oblivious to what was going on between us. “This young man claims to be related to you, Miss Cavendish. Is he right?”
I nodded fiercely, unable to say anything else. He was all kinds of right. Henri rose out of the chair to his full height; he had a good few inches on me even with the crutches holding me up. He smiled with straight teeth and chapped lips, rubbing his stubbly, chiselled jaw like he was as dumbstruck as me. All I could fix on were his eyes the colour of chocolate, those eyes I’d been looking through for the last ten weeks. And now they were finally looking at me.
“They’re very distant cousins,” Idrys explained from the door, “Best leave them to a reunion Lewis, they haven’t seen each other for… well for ages.”
I just about managed to say goodbye to Lewis as he doffed his helmet and left. Idrys gave me a knowing look as he too exited, shutting the sitting room door behind him. Then it was just us. Me and Henri and the fading teatime sun outside the window. My arms began to shake under my weight against the crutches and Henri took a step forward, reaching out for me. 
“Do you need to sit down?” he asked, his rich voice shaking as much as my body was.
“That’d be a good start,” I replied.


“I thought you were dead,” I mumbled, “I tried to reach you and it was all just black, just nothing.”
“We crashed on the rocks when we came ashore,” Henri said, taking my shaking hand in both of his, “I was unconscious for a long time, up until last night. As soon as I woke up, I told them to put me on the train here.”
“You must be so tired,” I said, gazing at his strong, smooth hands clasping mine, hardly daring to believe I could really feel them there. 
“Not any more,” he said with a nervous laugh.
We were sitting together on the old sofa, which was very strange for me. The only chair I was used to sitting in always had wheels on, so leaning back into the cracked leather and feeling it under my legs was all very new. As was holding hands with a boy. And not just any boy at that.
“So you lied to them? Pretended we were related?”
I looked at Henri’s face again, watching his warm smile and his sharp jaw as he sucked in his cheeks thoughtfully.
“Well how else was I going to find you?” he said with a happy shrug. “The home guard in Scotland tracked down your evacuation home and gave me some train fare. I think it was cheaper than feeding me there, they had enough problems with the other boys that made it across.”
“That made it?” I asked, feeling his grip on my hand tighten a little. “Did some of them… not?”
Henri nodded solemnly, his smile fading off. “I was very lucky,” he whispered, “We lost half our own boat one night in a storm. It was a miracle the whole thing didn’t capsize.”
Without any warning I burst into tears, the culmination of two days of frantic worry and despair exploding in a fit of pure relief. I threw my arms around Henri so fiercely that he fell back against the sofa, cradling my head against his chest as I tried desperately to stop sobbing and looking like such an idiot in front of him. He stroked my hair gently with one hand, I felt the other hand hovering at my waist, like he didn’t know if it was okay to hold me there or not, but eventually he put both arms around my shoulders instead.
“It’s okay Kit, I’m safe now,” he soothed, “I’m here now.”
“It’s hard to believe you’re really here,” I sniffed, drying my eyes as I listened to the familiar thump of his heart.
“Imagine how strange it is for me,” he exclaimed, “knowing now that the voice in my head has a body and a face!” I looked up at him, laughing as he smiled down at me. “And a very pretty face, too,” he added shyly, his brown eyes glittering. His heart rate quickened where I was leaning over it. I was about six inches from his lips.
There came a knock at the door and I sat up as sharply as my weak form would let me, drying my eyes just before Mam and Idrys came in. Henri stood up immediately and bowed his head politely to them both, but Mam was upon him in moments with one of her bone-crushing embraces. She kissed both his cheeks until he started to blush, holding his lovely face up for appraisal.
“Welcome young man, Da’s told me everything about you!” she said.
Idrys, who was standing behind her, shook his head to us both as if to say ‘Not everything, obviously’. 

***

Idrys suggested that Henri could stay with him at the cottage across the pasture and help out on the farm, an idea that Henri and I were elated with. He came out to enjoy the rest of my birthday party, introduced to the assembled people as ‘Cousin Henri’, my extremely distant relation, who had just made the amazing journey across the North Sea, escaping the clutches of the Nazi swine like the hero that he was. Mam enjoyed embellishing the thrilling tale from the bare bones that Idrys had given her and Henri couldn’t get a word in edgeways to correct any of the details, so the contents of my party were all terribly impressed with him despite the fact that he was rather shy of actually talking at length with any of them.
The only person who made it quite obvious that he disliked Henri was Leighton, which was terribly out of character for my little brother. Leigh was usually the first to want to make a new friend, but every time I looked at him he was giving Henri these nasty little sideways looks, most especially when Henri spoke to me or even just smiled in my direction. I tried not to waste much time worrying about Leighton when I could spend it returning Henri’s smiles and conversation. He was very softly spoken compared to the loud Welsh contingent all around us, but his deep smooth voice was easy to pick out in the din. 
“I’m not sure I’m going to be much good on a farm,” he admitted, biting his lower lip. He had a little piece of cake stuck to it that I wanted to sort out, but the table was too wide to reach him. “I only know how to measure and cut.”
“Idrys knows all that,” I said quietly, “he’s not going to expect miracles.”
“So… he knows everything?” Henri’s brown eyes were dark and round with interest.
I nodded gently. “More or less. I didn’t mean to tell him, but it’s turned out really well to have someone to help me.”
“To help us,” Henri corrected, “I don’t think your policeman would have let me in if not for his influence.”
We were leaning very close to each other over the table to talk in such low tones and a loud spluttering from Leigh’s direction startled me backwards. I looked at him, panicked in case he was choking on cake, but all he did was give Henri another of those rotten looks. I was about to tell Henri to take no notice when Doctor Bickerstaff rose from the far end of the table. He was looking straight over our heads, blue eyes flickering to Blod for just a moment as he set down his napkin.
“Excuse me a moment,” he mumbled as he stalked off toward the house. 
It was only a few seconds later that Blod started clattering about between Henri and me, collecting our plates despite the fact that we still had cake left on them. I gave her a knowing look and she scowled at me shamelessly.
“Well I’m going to get these washed up,” Blod said all too loudly, “Since I’m everyone’s bloody slave and it’ll be me that’s still doing them at midnight otherwise.” Her complaints didn’t have their usual confidence and her walk had less of its carefree sway as she too approached Ty Gwyn. Henri craned his neck to watch her go before turning back to me.
“It’s not impossible to imagine them together,” he whispered, shifting and sitting in Blod’s space so that he was beside my wheelchair, “The little girl is the image of him.”
I nodded quietly, but I wasn’t really thinking about Bickerstaff and Blod. Henri was so close I could smell the freshness of his borrowed shirt. He leant casually on the armrest of my chair, the soft brown hairs on his forearm brushing against my much paler limb. I watched him rubbing his palm with his fingertips; a trait I knew was always accompanied by the prickle of nerves in his spine. He smiled at me again when I had taken far too long to reply and I couldn’t help the toothy grin that escaped. I wanted to giggle, even though he hadn’t said anything remotely funny. There was something sparkling deep in his big brown eyes, like he too was in on the joke.
“Ouch!”
A bowl-cut hair style banged into my elbow as Leighton forced himself into the total lack of space between Henri and me. I rubbed my arm and curled my lip at him.
“What are you doing?” I snapped. 
Leigh feigned complete innocence. “It’s a bit chilly now,” he suggested, “I thought you might want to go inside.”
“No thank you,” I said through gritted teeth. 
“But you look cold,” Leigh insisted, “I could wheel you.”
“If I want to go inside I’ll ask Henri to wheel me,” I insisted.
But my brother wouldn’t be put off. He put all his strength into pulling my chair back from the table and took me about ten feet away where we couldn’t be heard. His little freckled face was livid.
“Look, I don’t remember any Cousin Henri, Kit,” he whispered viciously, “I’m not stupid you know; I want to know what’s going on.”
“He’s come from a terrible place crawling with Nazis, Leigh,” I pleaded, “Telling them he’s family is the best way to protect him.”
“But how do you know him?” Leighton pressed, his little hands balled into fists. “He’s all… close to you. It’s weird. Boys don’t do that to you, Kit.”
I didn’t need reminding of that, but Leigh was all too happy to point out my total lack of a social life, especially where any admirers might have been concerned. When I’d started at grammar school there used to be a lot of boys who liked to talk to me at the gate at lunch, but that was before I started to walk funny and become known as ‘the girl with the pink rash’. I was trying to appreciate Leighton’s protectiveness, but frankly he was getting in the way of the precious time I had with Henri before Idrys decided to go home for the evening.
“We were pen friends,” I lied irately, “We know a lot about each other, that’s why he’s so friendly. Now will you please take me back over there?” My brother’s rosy lip fell into a frown as he grabbed the chair handles and started to obey me. “And whatever you do, don’t tell anybody that we’re not really related to him,” I chided in a perfect imitation of Mum.
“Oops,” Leigh said quietly.
“What?” I demanded, “What have you said?”
“Nothing much,” he mumbled, leaning in near my ear, “But Doctor B asked me about Henri… and I think I said that I didn’t remember him.”
I said nothing else to Leigh as he brought me back to the table and he skulked off back to his place with his head down low. Henri watched him go with a sympathetic sort of look. 
“Is everything all right?” he asked, turning back to me. 
I nodded, but he must have already seen the worry on my face. Henri rested his smooth hand on top of mine and I couldn’t help but smile as his warmth crept through my skin. Leighton was right, actually, I was getting cold, but if that meant Henri was going to warm my hand up then I wouldn’t complain. But Henri snatched his hand away again as a loud cough caught us both by surprise.
“You’re in my seat,” Blod snarled.
Henri jumped away quickly with an apology as the blonde goddess threw herself down hard onto the chair. She too was shivering, though I was sure it wasn’t just from the cold.
“Where’s Bickerstaff?” I asked her gently.
A tear was gathering in one corner of her eye. She pushed it away violently.
“He’s gone home,” she whispered, her voice cracking.

***

I offered Blod the chance to talk to me that night but all I got in return was the usual abuse and a very clear message that her life was none of my business, thank you very much. I was therefore terribly surprised to find her waking me up the next morning. Blod didn’t really wait for me to stir before she started to remove the night splints from my elbows; I came around fully when she was sorting out the ones on my knees. 
“Why are you doing this?” I mumbled sleepily, “Mam usually-”
“Oh bugger Mam,” she said quietly, “Come on, I said I’d take you out for a walk before breakfast. Hurry up and get a wash.”
Blod gave me barely ten minutes to get sorted before she was back in the makeshift bedroom, rushing me into my shoes and grabbing my crutches and chair. I decided against questioning her any further until we were out in my usual practice space behind her bedroom window. It was a still, silent morning, so silent that I slowly realised we were awake and the rest of the house wasn’t. Blod got me up onto my crutches at the edge of the grass.
“How far d’you usually go?” she pressed.
“Almost to that tree,” I replied, and without another word we were off.
She let me do my first three, slow steps before she started to speak, all the while focused on my feet padding hard into the dewy grass.
“I don’t want your opinion, right?” Blod began, half vicious and half afraid, “But I’ve been going mad about this all night, I’ve got to tell someone, and it’s only you that knows what’s going on.”
I said nothing, finding it hard to focus on my balance at the same time as her words. 
“Steven’s told me that you know about us,” Blod said, her low tone suggesting that she would even be afraid for the clouds to hear us talking, “I don’t want to know how you worked it out; I ‘spect you see a lot just sitting in that chair when no-one’s looking at you.” 
I had never given Blod any credit for thinking about me as a person rather than a hindrance and that annoying urge to feel sorry for her was slowly returning as I carried on my snail-pace trek. 
“But he went mad at me in the kitchen last night,” Blod continued, “He’s worried that if you worked it out then I must be giving off hints or something. He’s got a rotten temper.”
“Well so have you,” I muttered, instantly regretting that I’d let the comment slip.
Fortunately Blod gave off a tiny laugh. “Well yeah, he wound me up all right. I slapped him in the face actually. Just a bit, you know, but it left a mark and that’s why he had to go home.”
“That’s one way to get rid of him,” I supposed. Blod laughed again, this time brighter still. “Personally,” I said gingerly, “I don’t know why you ever got involved with him in the first place. Did he used to be nicer?”
“Oh God no,” Blod answered with a half-smile, “He’s always been moody. When he first came to the village all the girls fancied him, thought he was mysterious, you know?” I was surprised to feel her holding my shoulder steady as I struggled on towards the tree. “But most of them got fed up after a while; he was too temperamental for them. But not for me.”
I could well believe it. Bickerstaff had the same hot-headedness as Blod, the same selective deafness, even the same wicked smirk when he knew he was in the right about things. They were peas in a pod, no mistaking it.
“The problem was I lied to him, see, about my age,” Blod said, her golden hair falling down so I couldn’t see her face, “Nine years is a big age gap, init? I thought if I added a couple of years on, he might be interested in me.”
“And clearly he was,” I added awkwardly, “What I don’t understand is how it all went so wrong after… well, when you found out you were having Ness.”
“Steven wanted to do it all proper like,” Blod explained, “Especially when I told him my real age. He wanted to marry me, make it right.”
“Why on Earth didn’t you let him?” I asked in disbelief.
I stopped, realising we had reached the base of the tree. Blod turned on me, her angelic face hard and serious. Her blue eyes cut into me like diamonds.
“If he had, everyone would have known the reason why, especially with Ness coming along just four months later. They would have all said I’d trapped him.” Blod’s expression grew fiercer, her eyes both angry and sad. “I didn’t want people to think I was that kind of girl.” Blod took one of my crutches away as she helped me sit down on the grass. “Mam told everyone I’d gone to secretarial school until after the birth and we hushed it up, just kept it in the family.”
“But no-one knows that Bickerstaff’s the father?” I questioned.
Blod shook her head. “No, so don’t breathe a word,” she said harshly.
“I won’t,” I promised.
We sat together quietly for a moment under the shade of the huge tree and I made a silent congratulations to myself for making it the full thirty paces. Who would have thought that Blod, of all people, would be the one to get me there? As I looked across at the out buildings a wheelbarrow came around the side of one of them. My heart leapt into my throat when Henri appeared with it. He was wearing borrowed clothes again, but these must have belonged to Idrys since they were miles too big around the middle. Henri had tied the huge shirt in a knot at his back, leaving his chest and stomach exposed to the morning sun. 
“It’s a bit wrong to fancy your cousin, you know,” Blod said, nudging me hard in the arm.
“We’re not related by blood,” I said immediately, which was true, it just also happened to be true that we weren’t related by marriage either.
“He’s a bit young for me,” Blod mused. She too was watching him push the barrow nearer to us, his slightly tanned skin glowing in the sunlight.
“Good,” I said sharply.
“Oh give over,” Blod said with a wave of her hand, “He didn’t look at me once last night. All he did was smile at you. You’re well in there.”
“D’you think so?” I asked all too keenly. 
I half expected Blod to revert to form and tease me about it, but she nodded with a wicked glint in her eye. After a moment she got up and brushed herself down from the dewy grass, cupping one hand around her mouth as she started to wave with the other.
“Oi! You!” she called brazenly.
Henri caught sight of us, dropping the barrow instantly and starting to jog over. As he approached he undid the knot in his shirt and pulled the baggy fabric around him to fasten it properly. I tried my best to hide my disappointment, but it was no easy task. 
“I’ve got to go in and get the breakfast started,” Blod said as Henri arrived beside her, “You walk Kit in when she’s done out yur, right?”
She leaned in against Henri’s ear and whispered something to him, then turned and gave me a wink as she slunk away through the grass back towards Ty Gwyn. Henri’s dark brows were knitted in confusion as he sat down beside me under the tree, hugging his knees up to his chest.
“Kit,” he began with half a smile, “What does ‘no funny business’ mean?”


I had hoped fervently that Doctor Bickerstaff wouldn’t take Leighton’s little slip up over Henri seriously, so I was suitably horrified when he turned up a few days later at Ty Gwyn asking to speak to ‘the Norwegian boy’. Henri and Idrys were loading coal into the sitting room fire when Bickerstaff came in and Idrys wheeled me away quickly to leave the two chaps to converse. But Idrys must have known something was up, because he wheeled me right into my bedroom and told me to sneak back mentally and find out what was going on. It was much quicker to find Henri’s mind with him in the same house, so the doctor had hardly begun speaking by the time I was listening in.
“You’ll be pleased to know, Mr Haugen, that the local constabulary has accepted your identification papers as genuine,” Bickerstaff said in his deadpan tone.
“I should hope so,” Henri answered stiffly. I felt rather guilty that he’d inherited so much contempt for Bickerstaff from me before ever having a chance to actually meet the man in person, but there was a suspicious look in the doctor’s eyes that told me it was probably best for Henri to be on his guard.
“Tell me, how exactly are you related to the Cavendish children?” he pressed.
“We’re cousins by marriage, on Kit’s mother’s side,” Henri explained, just as we’d rehearsed. “It’s a very distant connection, but my parents are dead now, and I had no-one else to turn to.” I felt that old sadness creep into Henri’s chest as he spoke, knowing the sincerity would lend itself to Bickerstaff believing our story.
“On her mother’s side,” the doctor repeated, “Her mother being…?”
Gail, I whispered.
Henri did all he could to stop himself from jumping with the shock of my voice in his mind.
“Gail,” he answered quickly. 
“Her maiden name?” Bickerstaff pressed.
Arkwright.
The doctor asked question after question about my family to Henri, who repeated my answers to the letter. Bickerstaff didn’t seem entirely satisfied, in fact he once or twice looked around him as though there were answers hidden somewhere on the walls, like he was trying to catch a schoolboy cheating on a test. After he had exhausted his supply of questions the doctor shoved his hands into his pockets irately. I could feel Henri’s amusement at the sight of his defeat.
“Tell me then young man,” the doctor said finally, “What are your intentions now that you’re here?”
Henri was on his own now, for that was something I had no idea about. I felt him stiffen his shoulders proudly.
“Well sir, I turn eighteen in August, about six weeks from now. My intention is to enlist for the British Army and fight the Hun like everyone else.”
Something changed in the doctor’s face, his steely resolve falling away slowly. He nodded ever so gently.
“I’m sure we’re all keen to heed the call, when it comes,” he replied solemnly. 

***

Henri had mentioned fighting for us a few times before, but now that he was here in North Wales I couldn’t bear the thought of having to let him go again. He was too proud to tolerate my attempts to persuade him not to enlist, so in the end I stopped talking about him going away and decided to enjoy whatever time I had with him, secretly praying every night that the war would end before he had the chance to go off to training. I thought perhaps my prayers were being answered as July rolled in, when the papers started reporting on a great on-going battle over the British airspace. It seemed like Luftwaffe planes were being shot down left, right and centre by the RAF, and every report that came in saw Mam and Blod punching the air with joy that Clive and the boys were part of that great success.
Despite the low rations and the lack of money, Idrys managed to get Henri kitted out with some proper clothes and put him to good use on the farm. He took over my afternoon walking practice, which generally ended with us sitting under the nearest tree and talking until Idrys called him back to work. Mam invited him over most evenings for dinner, but Leighton had got into the nasty habit of following us from room to room with his watchful little eyes. It was painfully ironic that the only real privacy we had was when I went to my bedroom and Henri went to his, where we were able to talk in his head across the pasture. 
It was a too-warm night in the middle of July that I found Henri standing by his window trying to cool off. I waited for a moment quietly as he took in some deep breaths of the night air, but Henri gradually stopped what he was doing and started to smile.
“You’re there, aren’t you?” he asked.
How did you know? 
“I think I’m learning to recognise the change in my head,” he explained. Henri moved to lie down on his bed and look up at the cobwebbed ceiling of the Pengelly Cottage. 
Listen, I began excitedly, I didn’t want to tell you when Leighton was there, but Blod told me there’s a summer dance in the village hall at the end of next week. All the teenagers are going.
“You mean somewhere your brother and Idrys can’t get into to pester us?” Henri asked with a laugh. “We have to go, of course.”
Excellent, I said, agreeing silently that between my little brother and the old farmer we couldn’t get a moment to ourselves. That’s settled then, except for one little thing.
“Oh?” Henri asked, waiting.
I’m not sure if I can actually dance, I admitted, In fact I’m not sure that I really have walking mastered yet. But I’d still like to go, even if I have to sit it out and just watch.
“Don’t be silly,” Henri said with a smile, “We’ll figure something out.”

***

Henri and I went to Mam with the suggestion of me learning a few dance steps, mostly because we knew that she would say yes without even thinking about it. Mam didn’t disappoint us; in fact she took me off potato peeling duty for the rest of the week so that the time could be reserved for Henri and I to practice. Leighton was enlisted to move the furniture around in the small sitting room to make space, which left him with a wicked scowl across his mouth. When Henri offered to help move the chairs Leigh was so vicious in replying that I shouted him out of the room, which allowed me to watch Henri shove the sofa backwards with his long, strong arms. He turned and caught me looking with a smile.
“Idrys won’t be happy, you know,” he mused guiltlessly, “I’m supposed to be picking fruit or something right now.”
“Mam’s in control of him really,” I replied, grinning from my chair and holding my crutches, impatient to get up and get started, “She’ll talk him round.”
“And who’s going to talk your brother round?” Henri asked, scratching his smoothly shaved chin.
I let loose a mighty frown. “He’ll just have to grow up,” I huffed, though I wasn’t sure I was patient enough for that. It was like Leigh had taken all of Mum and Dad’s protective instincts in over the years and now they’d all spilled out in one monstrous mood swing, one that was threatening to totally ruin my summer. 
Henri broke my thoughts by taking away my crutches. I looked up at him with a frown as he threw them on the sofa. 
“You’re not going to use them to dance,” he insisted, “You’ll stab me in the toe.”
“Then what will I lean on?” I asked, a smile creeping into the corner of my mouth.
Henri leant over my chair, his chin almost touching my shoulder, and wrapped his long arms around my waist, lifting me to my feet with ease. I gripped his shoulders hard as he let me take some of my own weight onto my legs. When we were settled I was looking up a little into his face, but he wasn’t quite as tall as he always seemed when I was sitting down so low. If I had the strength to be on my tip-toes, we could have been nose to nose. I made a mental note to work on that sometime. 
“Keep your strongest hand on my shoulder and give me the other to hold,” he said, his rich voice so perfectly quiet. Even though there was always a ridiculous din from the kitchen and Blod’s radio upstairs, I felt like every sound in Ty Gwyn melted off into silence when he spoke. 
I did as I was told, wobbling slightly when he made the transition to only having one arm around my waist. I had to lean on him an awful lot to stay standing, but the strain was well worth it when I found him smiling proudly at me. I caught myself staring into his deep chocolately eyes and tore my gaze away with a grin.
“Aren’t we supposed to move?” I asked.
“Oh, um, yes,” he mumbled, adjusting his warm hand at my waist and pulling me a little closer, “All right. How about you step forward with the left foot and I’ll step back?”
He counted me in. I was about fifty times slower than his counting, but we managed it all the same.
“And now you bring your feet together again.”
That was somewhat easier, but I could feel Henri half lifting me off the ground to help. 
“Now we step to the right side, and feet together.”
I dug my hand into his strong shoulder muscles to keep steady, feeling my face flush pink from more than just the physical strain. His nose bumped my temple as I stumbled; I could feel him grinning against the side of my face. 
“Okay, this is the hard part. Now you step back with the left, but twist your body to face the left too.”
There was a sweet scent on his breath like he’d pinched one of Mam’s cakes that were meant for after dinner. I had hardly registered what he said before we started to move, and as I tried to twist my body my knee went to jelly and I started to fall backwards. I felt my eyes shoot wide open in shock, but it was only a moment before Henri wrapped both his arms around me and pulled me upright. I let out a few sharp breaths, my face pressed down against his chest as my legs shook on their own. As we waited for them to calm down I felt one of Henri’s smooth hands stroking the back of my shoulders, which made them feel weak all over again. 
“Do you need to sit and rest?” Henri asked, his jaw moving against my hair.
I pulled back from his chest, shaking my head. I felt terribly weak and shaken in all sorts of ways, but there was no way I was ready for him to let me go. I couldn’t think of anything worse in that moment than having to leave his warm arms, the way he scooped me up and held me, like I could almost be a normal girl that could stand on her own. I made to speak, but my breath caught in my throat when I realised Henri was leaning his head down, bringing me closer to his smooth lips and his cheeky grin. I felt like my heart had stopped, like everything on the planet had stopped. There was no war, no families torn apart, no lack of food or nice clothes, no planes shooting bullets into the sky. There was just us and this moment, everything I could ever have wanted.
“Ooooh!”
Henri’s lips had barely grazed mine before he pulled his head away sharply. I craned my neck in fury to see Ness Fach in the doorway, waving Dolly excitedly. She pointed at us with a huge grin full of tiny teeth, then ran off at an inhuman pace.
“Mam! Maaaaaaaaaam!”
Henri scooped me up quickly and put me in my chair.
“I’ll go catch her,” he promised, kissing my forehead before he took off after the little tell-tale. 
Which left me sitting alone with a thump in my chest so fierce I was sure my heart would just give up the ghost at any moment, but also smiling so much that I was sure it’d make my face ache for a week. 

***

Henri had only just managed to stop Ness Fach from spilling the beans about our almost-kiss to Mam, but he hadn’t got to her before she reached Leighton, which sent my little brother to an all new level of annoying. For the rest of the time between then and the summer dance, any time we practised a few steps Leighton was there watching Henri like a mangy guard dog, fangs out and ready to attack. Having him there did actually make me concentrate less on Henri and more on learning to dance, but I would much rather have sent Leighton away if I thought he wouldn’t go straight to Mam and tell on us at once. 
“The dance will be the place,” Henri whispered to me once whilst we practised, “Whenever you get tired, we can find a nice place outside to sit alone.”
“You know I get tired an awful lot, don’t you?” I giggled into his ear. 
“I thought you were supposed to be watching your feet?” Leighton demanded irately from his perch at the door. 
When the morning of the dance came around I was surprised to find Henri and Idrys joining us for breakfast. Henri arrived with a suspicious looking parcel under his arm which he took and put in another room before he joined us at the table. Afterwards he asked me to come and talk to him alone, taking the handles of my chair with an audibly deep breath. Leighton protested heavily, but Idrys insisted on taking him outside to calm down and get some air. To my surprise Henri wheeled me into my bedroom where the parcel, wrapped in brown paper, was waiting on my mattress. He passed it to me eagerly, sitting down on the corner of my bed with a glint in his eye.
I must have had the stupidest grin all over my face whilst I was opening the paper, but it was nothing compared to the Blod-like squeal of delight I gave when I finally found what was inside it. A dress. A beautiful new dress, navy with white polka dots. I spread it out over my knees to see the wide, flowy skirt part, perfect for dancing. It had a bright white ribbon around it to bring in the waist.
“I hope it’s all right,” Henri said quietly, “I didn’t have your measurements.”
Realisation set in slowly. My mouth fell open at him for a few seconds.
“You made this?” I asked. “For me?”
“Idrys thinks it very strange that I can tailor for men and women, but Mr Hoffman always liked us to do things that way.” There was a sad drop in his tone for just a moment when he mentioned his old employer. “If the waist is too big you can pull it in there.” He pointed at the ribbon as I nodded.
“What was it, before it was a dress?” I queried, inspecting the polka dots again. 
“A tablecloth belonging to Mam’s mother,” he explained, now grinning as widely as me, “I did ask her permission, of course.”
“I love it,” I said brightly, “Oh I love it so much. It’s wonderful.”
I wanted so desperately to leap out of my chair and hug him, but all I could do was reach for his hand and give it a big squeeze. He took the dress from my lap and laid it out on the bed for me to admire. I’d be wearing it soon, in just a few hours’ time, dancing with Henri and sneaking off somewhere to finally claim that very first kiss that we’d been waiting for. The most perfect of all days had just begun.
As I started to speak again a terrifying cry shocked us both. A high pitched, screaming sob, like someone had just been stabbed, followed by a low, animal sort of wailing. It was how I used to cry when I first had the pain all over my body, but somehow this cry was much deeper, much worse. It sounded like someone was dying. My heart started to race as Henri grabbed my chair and we careered out of the bedroom, racing through the black and white hall to reach the source of the cry in the kitchen.
Mam was on the floor with her head in her hands. Her usually rosy face was bright crimson, flushed all too bright. Her calloused hands shook as she covered her eyes, sobbing and wailing. Blod stood beside her with a letter in her hands, her pale Celtic face now white and lifeless as though her soul had just upped and left her body. She raised a hand to her mouth in slow motion, looking at me with a terrifying emptiness in her crystal blue eyes. Her lips moved but no words came out, the only sound was her mother sobbing uncontrollably beside her in a heap.
The kitchen door burst open as Idrys came marching in; he too had been alerted by Mam’s wild cries. Leighton was behind him looking younger than I’d ever seen him, his face white and full of terror as his eyes took in the sight of Mam and Blod in their tableau of shock. Idrys was demanding an answer from the pair of them as to the distress, but all Blod could do was give him the letter from her trembling hand. She turned away slowly in her ghostly fashion, facing the wall, shaking her head of blonde curls. Mam slowly retreated into silence; it shook me to my core to see such a strong, proud woman curled on the floor like a frightened animal, shuddering with a river of silent tears streaking down her face.
“What is it?” I said fearfully, looking up at Idrys as he studied the letter.
Every semblance of joy in the old famer’s face was gone. He looked grey and bleak; his usually sparkling eyes were empty when they found my gaze. He let the letter flutter slowly to the floor, clearing his throat.
“Clive’s dead.”
Mam let out another huge shriek at hearing the words out loud. Suddenly I didn’t feel like dancing ever again. 


The letter had come from Thomas, who was a ground mechanic now stationed in Portsmouth. Clive and Ieuan were on a plane together that went out to battle the Luftwaffe, but it had been shot down over the English Channel in the early hours of yesterday morning. Boats supporting the battle in the air had pulled Clive’s body from the wreckage, only to find that he had taken almost the full blast of the attack. He’d died on impact, before the plane even started to go down. Most of the other men had been pulled from the sea, just barely alive, and taken to hospital, but worse news still awaited the Price family. Two crewmen had not been recovered at all, and Ieuan was one of them. 
For once Leighton didn’t complain when Henri wrapped his arms around me, in fact when I sat down later on the sofa with my head on Henri’s chest, my brother curled up in front of our feet like a kitten. I stroked his sun-bleached hair as he shuddered out tiny tears. For my own part the tears wouldn’t come, it was like my eyes were too shocked by it all to realise they were supposed to be crying. Henri sat in a thoughtful silence for the whole afternoon, only speaking when I asked him things; I rather thought he’d seen enough death on his way to me, perhaps he hadn’t imagined that the reaper’s cold shadow could reach us in the sunny mountains of Bryn Eira Bach. 
Idrys made the decision that he and Henri would abandon the cottage over the pasture for now and come and stay at Ty Gwyn to care for Mam. I couldn’t even bring myself to be happy that Henri and I would be under one roof when I thought about Mam and Blod and the hell they were going through. For the first day in all the months I’d lived in the farm house, Blod’s radio was silent. Fourteen hours passed between the arrival of the post and me settling into bed for the night, yet I was sure that I could still hear Mam crying through the ceiling above my head. I wondered how there was any water left in her body at all.
Leighton’s eleventh birthday was August 4th, just four days before Henri was due to turn eighteen, but neither boy was keen for a party, especially when it was announced that Clive’s funeral had been arranged for a date smack bang between the two. Idrys was making all of the arrangements to spare his daughter the horror, so when Henri was occupied with picking up the slack out on the farm, I started spending a lot of time with Ness Fach in the summer sun where I could see him going by as he worked. 
“What’s he doin’ now?” Ness asked, bouncing on my knee and waving her Dolly in Henri’s direction. 
“He’s picking up the yucky weeds,” I explained, “So they don’t make all the nice flowers…” I stopped myself before the word ‘die’ fell out of my mouth. “… get poorly.”
“That’s boring,” Ness said.
I found the strength for a sad smile as the little girl threw her head back onto my shoulder, looking up into the sky with her huge blue eyes. I watched her small face as she followed the clouds, one finger outstretched to point at them. She wasn’t smiling.
“Daddy’s up there,” she said suddenly. I froze, my heart held in an invisible clamp. “He’s always up there flying in the sky. But Blod says he won’t come home no more. He’s going to live up there now.”
“That’s right,” I whispered, my throat feeling tight and dry. 
It was now that my body had decided it finally wanted to cry, but there couldn’t be anything worse for Ness Fach than having the whole house blubbering, especially since she didn’t have much clue as to why everybody in her life had suddenly fallen silent and tearful. I sucked up every drop of water and shook the hotness from my face, cuddling her up in my arms.
“Blod says Ieu might go live there too,” Ness added. 
“We’ll see,” I choked, “He might want to come back here, with us.” I felt awful as a flash of Ieuan’s cheeky smile and ginger hair crept in behind my eyes. 
“Can I go and live there if I want?” she asked thoughtfully. 
“No,” I said all too quickly, burying my head against her long tawny hair to hide my tears, “It’s only for people who can fly, sweetheart.”
“All right then,” she replied. I felt Dolly being flung to and fro in front of me. 
Ness had lost two fathers already in her short little life, two men who made it clear that they adored her, that neither one had ever wanted to be separated from her. It made my thoughts turn inwards to London, to Mum and most especially to Dad. If my father was out there alive somewhere, then he had made the choice to stay away from us all. Bickerstaff clearly hated his life in the village, but he was here all the same, perhaps only here for stolen glimpses of the little girl playing with Dolly in my arms. His little girl. 
There were a lot of things that couldn’t be put right any more at Ty Gwyn, but I thought there was at least one thing I could do. 

***

On the day of the funeral it seemed as though the whole of Bryn Eira Bach had turned out to cry and sing and hang their heads in unison for the great man that was RAF Flight Sergeant Clive Price. I could hardly bear the kind words and hopeful wishes in the preacher’s service; I spent most of it with my head buried in Henri’s shoulder trying not to make it too obvious that I was covering my other ear to block it all out. It was so wrong for us even to be sat there, so wrong that such a good man had died defending his country from the murderous horde that were still trying to claim the skies over England. 
I caught sight of Doctor Bickerstaff walking through the graveyard after the burial, his black suit shining in the glare of the August sun, and knew that my opportunity had arrived. I got onto my crutches as fast as my newfound strength allowed and called Ness over to me. Blod gave me a watchful, tearstained look over the assembled family, but she couldn’t intervene. Thomas was home temporarily for the service and he was clutching her hand so tightly that the tips of her pale, perfect fingers were tinged with blue. Ness took hold of my left crutch as though it was as simple as holding my hand and we set off at a snail’s pace towards the lonely doctor. 
Bickerstaff was alerted by my ragged breaths and thumping footfalls long before I got to him, but he waited patiently with his usual expressionless face until we made it closer to him. Ness hid behind my leg at first when we reached him, peeping out through the gap in the triangular wooden frame to watch him with interest. He gave her a quick glance, his stiff lip softening. He scratched under his chin thoughtfully, taking in a deep breath like he was preparing himself for a great undertaking.
“How’s Blod?” he asked quietly. 
“Frantic,” I answered, “Mam just keeps shutting herself in her room. Blod’s been trying to run the house, but she can’t cope with it all. We’ve all tried to help, but she won’t let us.”
“Perhaps she wants to be rushed off her feet,” Bickerstaff supposed, “Some people prefer to bury their grief in keeping busy. I know I do.”
Ness was slowly coming out from behind me. She ambled forward, Dolly in the one hand as always, but she took the hem of her dress in her other hand and swished it about. It was a black dress recycled from one that Blod had worn some years ago to her grandmother’s funeral. 
“Bampi says I look pretty in this,” she mumbled, mimicking the little twirl she had done for us that same morning in the kitchen.
Bickerstaff’s resolve broke entirely. He wore a massive smile, but his eyes were growing damper by the second. He crouched down to the floor to be at eye level with the little girl, steadying her as she started to get dizzy from the twirling.
“You do,” he said gently, “you look pretty as a picture.”
Ness crinkled her nose. “Which picture?”
The doctor faltered for a moment, but Ness was patiently awaiting an answer.
“All the pictures,” Bickerstaff answered, I could hear the break in his throat where tears were threatening, “Every picture you can think of, well you’re the prettiest of them all.”
“Ooh,” said Ness, smiling all over with her tiny teeth, “I’m going to tell Blod I’m the prettiest!”
Before either of us could stop her she was jogging away on her small, unsteady feet back towards the family. Bickerstaff rose again and looked down at me, sucking in a breath. His watery eyes were threatening to set me off again, but I did my best to hold it in. I had done enough crying to last me a lifetime and a fair chunk of it had been in front of him already. 
“Blod’s not really up to looking after her at the moment,” I began, looking away from his unbearably sad face to focus on the chapel, “So I’ve offered for Henri and me to bring her along when I come to see you next, to get her out of the way for a bit.”
“Thank you,” he said quietly. A short silence passed between us. “Henri knows, doesn’t he?” The doctor asked.
“He does.” I didn’t see much point in lying. 
“I hope you can trust him, whoever he is.”
I looked back to Bickerstaff, whose emotions had receded to leave his usual stern face. He wasn’t used to believing in people, not like Mam; he still wouldn’t entertain a word of Henri’s story. 
“I know I can trust him,” I said. It was meant to come out fierce, but I was too weak for the full emotion to find its voice. 
“He’s a stranger,” Bickerstaff challenged.
“Not to me,” I replied.
“But how? How can you be sure of that?”
“I have my reasons,” I replied, my face suddenly as stone-like as his. 
Bickerstaff narrowed his eyes at me. “You know something we don’t.” It wasn’t a question.
I nodded, but gave no reply.

***

We spent Henri’s birthday under a tree drinking orange pop and trying to talk about subjects that didn’t lead back to the war. The news of Clive and Ieuan had shaken Leigh out of his selfish reverie, so if one good thing had come from the darkness it was the fact that my brother had finally actually gotten to know Henri. He even sang Happy Birthday in what he called ‘The Proper English Way’, laughing so hard he could barely get the words out for lack of breath:
“Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you; you look like a monkey and you smell like one too!”
Henri laughed for the first time in what seemed like forever and a warmth settled in my chest, like things were finally going to get back to normal. I  sat in the dehydrated grass supporting my back against the tree trunk, looking out across the pasture at the now-empty Pengelly Cottage. Henri was sleeping in what was usually Ieuan’s room at Ty Gwyn, but he didn’t seem to like spending much time in the room at all when he was conscious. I could relate, knowing now that I was sleeping in the sitting room of a man who would never come home to it again was a hard thing to bear if I dwelt on it too much, but I was getting better at not letting those thoughts ruin every day. We all were, except for Mam. 
When Leighton went to get more pop, Henri came to the tree and sat down beside me, putting a long arm around my shoulders and pulling me in. He kissed the side of my head gently, his warm breath sinking into my hair. He hadn’t tried to kiss me properly again even when there had been opportunity for it, and I was sort of grateful for that. As much as I wanted to feel that tingling, only-us-in-the-world sensation again, right now the atmosphere just wasn’t right. But we were always close to one another when we had the chance, I had gotten so used to his arms around me that it felt like some part of me was missing when he wasn’t there. 
“I’ll have to go into the village tomorrow,” he whispered, “to pass my enlistment papers to the right people.”
An invisible blade sank slowly into my fragile heart, but I had always known this day was coming.
“It’ll take them a while to process it,” I said hopefully, “I bet they’ve already got loads of boys waiting to go to basic training.”
“Perhaps,” he said softly, his lips still resting against my head.
I turned sharply to face him, searching his deep brown eyes. “I don’t want you to go,” I said, racing to find his hand to hold it tightly. 
“I won’t really be gone,” he replied, “You’ll always be able to find me.”
“That’s not the point,” I said, my curls shaking as I trembled, “This is dangerous Henri, this is war.”
“You forget where I’ve been already,” he said, turning his face away to focus hard on the distance. He kept a firm hold of my hand and gave it a good squeeze. “You came to my head in the quiet times, the safe times. But I’ve already seen the destruction, the danger and the death, Kit. I think there are two types of people during war: those who see the horror happening and run away, never looking back, and those who want to do something about it.” I felt his other arm pull me in closer against his strong body. “You know which type I am, so you know I have to go.”
I couldn’t say anything, because it was all true.

***

The days flew by in a similar way until my next appointment with Bickerstaff came around. Now that almost any short distance was doable on my crutches and my arm strength had finally improved I was fairly certain there was nothing the once-wicked doctor could do that would overstrain me, especially since this time Henri’s watchful eyes would be there to see the check-up. At any rate I was fairly certain it wasn’t me he really wanted to see. Ness was terribly excited to sit in the doctor’s lovely white car when it came for us, the whole journey over the hill she crawled around at an uncatchable pace to look out of every window and sit on every seat. By the time we got to the cosy little waiting room Henri was exhausted from trying to keep her still.
“How does Blod cope with this?” Henri said as he brought the struggling infant to sit on my lap, one of the few places she would willingly stay still, “I’m going to have bruises all over my arms, she’s a kicker.”
I gave him a little smile and he put his hand on my shoulder, until we both saw the old receptionist watching us, her eyes bright and her mouth hanging open ready to gossip about us to whoever came in next. Henri went to sit opposite us on a comfy looking chair, but no sooner had he sunk his back into it then Bickerstaff poked his head out of his office door.
“Miss Cavendish, please.”
He wasn’t smiling, not even at Ness. Not a good sign at all.
I let Ness wriggle off me and amble towards the office whilst I wheeled behind. When we were settled in our usual places Bickerstaff’s expression softened for just a moment as he crouched down in front of his little girl, silently presenting her with something yellow.
“Lolly!” she cried happily, grabbing the confection and stuffing it into her mouth. Bickerstaff picked her up awkwardly and set her down on the edge of his desk, patting her head just the once. 
“Sit still here,” he chided, “While I talk to these two.”
Ness nodded and obeyed, which was most unusual given her wriggle-fest in the car. Henri looked a little annoyed that she didn’t listen to him that way, but I put it down to the fact that she was too concentrated on slurping her lolly to want to do anything else. When I looked back to the doctor he hadn’t sat back down. I followed his grave expression to two brown letters on the desk in front of him. He slowly picked one up and passed it across the desk, right over my head, offering it to Henri.
“I’ve been to billeting office today, I took the liberty of picking this up for you,” he explained, his tone worryingly dark. 
The other letter had already been opened, but I heard Henri ripping the seal from his. He came to sit beside me as he started to read it. 
“It’s my call up,” he said, and for all his bravery there was something hollow in his words.
“Already?” I exclaimed, my mouth suddenly dry, “But…”
“The training doesn’t start until October 1st, you’ve got some time yet,” Bickerstaff said in what passed for a soothing voice. 
I looked down at the other letter again, then back at his empty face.
“You’re going too, aren’t you?” I asked.
The doctor nodded, his eyes flickering away.
“We’d better get on with your assessment,” he said flatly.
Henri rose, still studying his letter. “I’m going to read this properly outside, if you don’t need me?”
I shook my head, trying desperately to hide my sadness. October was almost six weeks away, there was still time for the war to end, for Henri to no longer be needed to fight. I watched him go, my breathing growing heavier, until I realised that Bickerstaff had rounded his desk ready to examine my walking. Ness Fach watched him as she sucked on her lolly, her huge eyes travelling over his face with the same keen interest she reserved for clouds and farm animals. 
“She likes you,” I said, smiling at Ness.	
“Don’t,” Bickerstaff snapped, his stern exterior returning in full force.
I wrenched myself up on my crutches without a lick of help from him, my lip curling irately.
“You could at least be grateful,” I bit back, “I didn’t have to bring her, she’s been a right handful today.”
“It’s not that,” he whispered, turning his face away from both of us, “I just don’t want her to get too attached; not now I’ve had the call.”
I didn’t understand. It was a bad do to be sent out to battle, I knew that, and dangerous too, but nothing was a certainty any more. 
“It’s not like you’re going to prison,” I supposed as I started to walk towards him, “You’ll come back.”
When I reached him, Bickerstaff looked deep into my eyes with that soulless sadness I remembered from my first accidental trip to his head. 
“Henri’s a strong boy,” he began, again in a whisper, “he’ll do all right. But there’s a very good reason they’re calling on more medics.” He gulped with a painfully dry throat, the sound was strained, it made me want to cry again. “It’s because they’re the first to go.”
I shook my head ferociously. I wanted to grab him to make him see sense, but the crutches were always in the way. 
“You don’t know that,” I protested.
“Yes I do,” he answered through gritted teeth. 
Bickerstaff let out the deepest breath I’d ever heard, his propriety falling away to leave just the face of a young man. He gave me a hopeless look. 
“I have every certainty that I will die out there, Kit. You’ll see me proved right before Christmas. Your walking is rather excellent, by the way. It’s just as well that you don’t need me anymore.”
It was the first praise he’d ever given me, and now it seemed that it would also be the last.


I didn’t dare tell anyone what Bickerstaff had said in case it got back to Henri. He was building his muscles up every day under our tree, pulling his full weight up to his chest where he hung from a very thick branch. He was so confident that he would do well at training and that he’d be able to go anywhere and do anything the British Army asked of him. I couldn’t bear the idea that Bickerstaff felt so opposite about his chances. Whilst I prayed every night for Henri’s safety, now I also spared a thought for the doctor I’d hated for so long, hoping that perhaps somehow he would be stationed on our side of the water and not thrown right into the field. 
Now that October 1st would see Henri taken away from me the days seemed to rush by all the quicker. The summer leaves started to turn their auburn and golden hues and when the first cool breeze of autumn crept into my bedroom one morning there was little I could do but force the worries as far out of my mind as I could manage. Luckily I wasn’t left to think about them for long as a familiar sound travelled down through my ceiling whilst I took off my splints. Mam.
She was crying this morning. She wasn’t always crying now, but she had only been out of her bedroom twice since the funeral, so I had hardly seen her face in the last four weeks. Blod said she couldn’t bear to face a world that didn’t have Clive in it. I understood that fairly well, but it was hell to think that Mam would never step out of her home again and I was sure that wasn’t something Clive would have wanted for his wife. If he’d been here to have his say he’d have marched her downstairs at a pace and wrapped his mighty arms around her. Idrys had already tried to do the same, but even he had given up and decided that his only daughter needed ‘her own time’ to work things out.
That morning saw me in one of my determined moods. I was feeling strong, so I managed to wash and dress by myself before Blod or Leigh came to find me, then I took off on my crutches to the foot of the steep black stairs that led to the other floor of Ty Gwyn. I had seen what it all looked like by being in the minds of other people, but now I decided it was time to see it for myself. Each movement of the crutch left a clunk on the stone and the old burning agony returned to my arms and legs as I made it up each step, but I made it halfway up before I would even concede to stopping to catch my breath. My ascent was neither smooth nor silent, however, so by the time I was two steps off the top both Henri and Blod had woken up and come to see what the noise was.
“What’re you doing, you mad thing?” Blod accused in a whisper. 
“I want to see Mam,” I urged breathlessly.
Henri was grinning at me as he straightened out his stripy pyjamas. He held out his arms like he’d promised he would all those weeks ago.
“Come on Kit, you can do it,” he beamed. 
Blod let off a sigh. “If you fall down them stairs I’m not patching you up.” She glided past me, already dressed in Mam’s apron to start on breakfast, but I caught her smiling a little as she went. 
When I reached the top Henri scooped me up into his arms and my crutches dropped with a clatter on the landing. I felt his just-out-of-bed warmth spreading through my aching limbs and he held me tight to keep me standing as I leant on his chest for support. He was grinning at me like a Cheshire cat and he suddenly buried his face against my neck and let out a little laugh.
“You’re so brilliant,” he murmured, “You surprise me all the time.”
“Oi!” whispered a voice nearby. Idrys’s sleepy, bearded face was poking out of Thomas’s room. “Just because you can get up the stairs, it doesn’t mean you can sneak around to see your boyfriend, young lady.”
I felt my face flush crimson. My boyfriend. I bet that’s what they were all calling him when we weren’t around. Henri held onto me with one strong arm whilst he retrieved my crutches.
“I came to see Mam actually,” I explained with a little smile, getting back on my own two feet as Henri slid the rests under my arms. 
“Make sure she gets back down safe,” Idrys warned Henri, giving us both a roll of his tired eyes. 
With that I was left at Mam’s door, listening to her quiet sobs. Henri retired to get dressed as I pushed open the door gently. It felt invasive, like I shouldn’t be there, but I had come too far to turn back. The bedroom she and Clive had shared was a tribute to their lives. Photographs of all their children littered every surface, with Clive and his boys in their RAF uniforms taking pride of place on the wall above the fireplace. Right beside the bed was an ornate frame with a wedding photo inside it. Mam had never been quite as beautiful as Blod, but her young round face was a picture of perfect happiness where she stood in her white dress beside her man. 
Now she was curled under her covers with her back to me. I knew she’d heard me come in because her sobs had stopped. She reached for a hanky and took it under the covers to find her face, then waved a hand at me without turning over.
“I don’t want no breakfast Blod, you just see to the others, don’t worry about me.”
“It’s not Blod,” I said gently, “It’s me Mam.”
“Kit?”
She turned then and sat up in her bed, looking me over with sore red eyes. Her hands rose up to her mouth wordlessly as I stumbled to her and sat down on the edge of her bed, my chest heaving with exhaustion. She reached out and touched my shoulder, like she wasn’t sure that I was really there. Then she shook the whole bed as she shuffled towards me and threw a strong arm around my head, pulling me in against her chest. I had always been protected by my chair from Mam’s full-on assault hugs, but secretly I’d always wanted one, no matter how much it hurt. It took ages before she released me and I felt a cold shiver all over me as I was set free from her warmth.
“You came all the way up yur for me,” she sobbed. 
“I miss you,” I said, trying my best to smile.
That set her off crying again for a few minutes, so I rubbed her shoulder gently until she was ready to speak again. Mam pushed herself out of her covers and hung her legs over the edge of the bed to sit beside me, catching sight of the lovely wedding picture for a moment. There were all kinds of things I could have said to her, but I thought that everybody had probably said them already, so instead I just held her hand in the dark little room. 
“I’ve missed you too, love,” she whispered. The sing-song lilt in her voice was not gone, just replaced by a more sombre melody. 
“Do you feel like helping me back down to breakfast?” I asked with an eager smile.
Mam’s kind face looked older than I remembered, but when she returned my smile I could see traces of the rosy youth she’d had when we were first introduced. 
“Ie, all right then,” she replied, unleashing a mighty sigh, “I suppose it’s time I took a look at the damage Blod’s done to my kitchen eh?”
I knew full well that Blod had been keeping her mother’s kitchen pristine since the day of the funeral, but I said nothing, enjoying the idea that Mam would find that out for herself soon enough. 

***

Life was slowly returning to normal at Ty Gwyn as September rolled in, but even though Mam was up and about Idrys was reluctant to return to his own cottage. She was leaning on him and Blod a lot more now to cope with the duties of running the home and her emotions were fragile at best. When Henri broke the news to her that he and Steven Bickerstaff were both due to leave for basic training in three weeks’ time she went back to her room and cried an afternoon away, leaving Blod to scrub the lunch dishes, her own tears falling into the soapy sink. I hadn’t seen the doctor in ages, since our conversation over the call-up he had even stopped coming to chapel. I pleaded with Blod to telephone him at least, but her will was as rottenly stubborn as his on the matter. 
My fears for him and Henri were overtaken one day when Idrys burst through the back door of Ty Gwyn and hurriedly wheeled me off to the sitting room without so much as a word of explanation. Henri followed us in carrying a newspaper and when we were alone and the door was closed he thrust the paper into my lap. I stared down at the front page, my eyes first catching a picture of a whole row of houses on fire. I struggled to refocus on the headline: LONDON BLITZED BY JERRY BOMBS. 
Idrys crouched in front of me and grabbed my shoulders. “It’s happening day and night love,” he pressed, “Use your mind and find your mother, make sure she’s all right.”
My heart threatened to batter its way out of my chest as I nodded too many times. Idrys and Henri sat themselves down on the sofa whilst I took a few deep breaths, trying desperately to gather my thoughts. In her letters Mum had told us that there were special shelters all over the city now in case of these attacks and that she’d be able to hide in the London Underground stations if the threat of bombs ever became a reality. I wondered sadly what Clive had really died for, why we had beaten them back once just for them to regroup and start destroying us again. I tried to push the anger aside as I raised my hands up over my eyes, shutting them tightly against the afternoon sun. 
I heard the echo of what I thought was thunder as I looked into a totally black scene. My mother had her hands over her ears and her eyes tight shut. She was trembling all over, but right in the centre of her chest was a flush of anger I couldn’t understand. When she opened her eyes I looked out into a dimly lit underground station that I didn’t recognise. It was packed with hundreds of people in wet raincoats split directly in half: into those who were looking up to the sound of the thunder and those who were burying their faces down towards the ground. Mum joined the ones looking up, until another clap of the horrific noise came echoing down the stairwell nearby.
It wasn’t thunder of course. The bombs were bigger than I could ever have imagined, louder than if you’d flown a biplane straight through a thunderstorm. Most of the women in the makeshift shelter were on the ground, huddled with their children, trying to soothe them. I could hear their little cries reverberating around the station. It was strange to see this many people gathered without the faintest sight of a train. On the other side of the tracks they sat in rows along the wall, some people were even laid out trying to sleep on their wet coats. Another bomb went off overhead and the collected people shook like they were of the same mind, my mother rubbed her arms, holding herself steady.
Dad should be there to hold you, I thought.
I realised I’d become far too casual with my thoughts, it had come from spending all my nights talking to Henri. Mum stiffened, raising a hand to her face to cover her mouth. 
“Kit?” she whispered. “Was that you?”
I was surprised by the total lack of shock in her voice, or in her body for that matter.
Yes, I said unsurely, I suppose I should explain?
Mum took off at a pace to an abandoned block of telephones nearby. As she reached one she put it to her ear and I heard the tone that meant the phones were out of service. My mother deftly slipped a pair of sewing scissors from her handbag and snipped the phone line so the noise died out. She held the two ends of the cut cord in her hand where no-one could see the break. I watched in fascination. Mum had always been a confident, no-nonsense sort of woman, but I had never witnessed such a cool and collected display from anyone I knew, least of all her. 
“You don’t need to explain to me sweetheart,” she spoke as though she was using the phone, “I know what you can do.”
My first reaction was not relief, but betrayal. Why didn’t you tell me you knew? I demanded. All these years that I’ve been wondering who I am, what I can do? And you’ve just been keeping it a secret!
“I had to darling, or they would have enlisted you!” Mum toyed with a long curl the same auburn colour as mine, I could feel her agitation. 
Who would have enlisted me? I pressed. Enlisted me for what?
“People like us are exploited in times like these,” she replied.
People like us, I repeated, stunned. Then… you can do it too?
“I suppose it’s time to tell you love,” my mother began sadly; “I don’t work in a factory. I have never worked in a factory. I do what I can for the War Office.”
Did Dad know what we are? I asked fearfully. Is that why he left us?
Mum’s whole body changed, every muscle growing tense. “That’s not a conversation we can have in public, Kit. You never know who’s listening.” I tried to speak again but she cut over me fiercely. “Look Kit we’re not supposed to talk like this. People with our abilities shouldn’t link up, it causes problems.”
I know, I answered, It always gives me headaches, finding you.
“And when I find you it makes you very ill,” Mum said, a bitter taste of guilt catching in her throat, “I’m so sorry about that by the way, I stopped peeking into your life as soon as I realised what it was doing to you.”
The fevers! I exclaimed as explanation dawned. I was excited by the deduction for a moment, until I realised that meant that Mum had been a witness to me threatening Doctor Bickerstaff that time. I didn’t even have time to feel ashamed before she was talking again.
“I’ve been using Leigh to keep an eye on you both since then; he’s not getting ill is he?”
No, he’s the same as usual, I answered. 
“Good,” she said with a nod, “Look you really must go darling before it hurts you too much. Your granddad used to spy on me years ago and it set me off with migraines for days sometimes. I’m fine here; they’ll keep us all night if they need to, until the city’s safe again. Just keep yourself and everyone else there safe and well.” She paused a moment, a grin slowly forming on her lips. “And give my regards to Henri.”

***

When I returned I was weak and aching like someone had hit me in the back of the skull with a brick. Idrys and Henri took me to my room and heaved me onto my bed, shutting the curtains to let me recover in the dark. After some of the ache had subsided I told them what I’d seen and most importantly heard. Idrys reclined in thought in the chair, rubbing his beard, but Henri came to sit beside me on my bed and held my hand. He grinned with a flushed face, shaking his head. 
“I’ll bet she watched us dancing,” he mused awkwardly.
“How embarrassing,” I said, throwing my free hand up over my face with a sigh. 
We descended into bashful giggles until Idrys cleared his throat.
“What was your mum’s maiden name Kit?” he asked.
“Arkwright,” Henri answered for me. I gave his hand a squeeze, impressed that he’d remembered.
“I wish I’d known that before,” the Welshman mused. We both gave him a curious look. “That fella from the Great War that I told you about…”
“The psychic spy,” I filled in, turning my head on my pillow to see his face properly, “What about him?”
“His name was Reggie Arkwright.”
“My grandfather,” I replied. It wasn’t even worth being shocked anymore; I just had to accept the fact that my whole family had been keeping secrets around me all my life. It wouldn’t do to be bitter about it, I was just grateful that it was all finally coming out for me to put the pieces together. “I guess that means this psychic thing is an inherited gift.”
“If you have children, they might have it too,” Henri said excitedly. I couldn’t help but return his grin. 
“Fate’s a funny thing, init?” Idrys asked, “Makes you think there’s a plan for us all.”
I didn’t care what the plan was, so long as it involved us all surviving this war so I could finally interrogate my mother about everything I needed to know. And the first thing on that list would be what had really happened to Dad. 


The blitz of bombs in London raged on all through the month of September. Mum sent me and Leighton a huge letter telling us that she was all right and how good the air raid wardens and the shelters were in the city, but made no mention at all of any of the questions I wanted her to answer. Henri suggested that she must be doing it to protect me, but I waved that off angrily every time he said it. I was sick of everyone trying to protect me, I wanted answers about my gift, my family, my father, and the war was getting in the way of it all. Worse than that, time was running out even faster than before for me and Henri.
I cried buckets when he came home with his train ticket to get to Essex for basic training. He’d leave at lunchtime on September 30th to get there for the start of the next day and Bickerstaff had booked the same journey. Mam was the one to find me sobbing over Henri’s imminent departure, which made me feel all the more awful since she was still doing plenty of sobbing of her own when she thought no-one could hear her. She put her arms around me until I quietened down, whispering that everything was bound to be all right. I wasn’t sure which one of us believed her words less. 
In our remaining days together Henri and I did the usual things that teenagers did, which was a whole new experience for me since I’d been confined to my chair, shying away at home for so long. We walked in the hills, the flatter ones at least, looking at the orange blanket of autumn that had settled over the village. We went to the cinema and sat holding hands as some dashing romantic heroes pranced about on the screen. We even did the shopping for Blod a few times, just to be out and about together. Nobody seemed to want to intercept us anymore and we were alone together often, but I was growing impatient now that Henri hadn’t kissed me. Or wouldn’t kiss me, to be more accurate.
We were about a week from his departure when I decided I’d tackle the subject. He watched me walk to a spot beneath our usual tree and I managed to get down into the crunchy leaves all by myself. Instead of leaning on the trunk I lay flat amongst the foliage and grass, looking up into the colours of the branches overhead. Henri lay down next to me and took hold of my hand, stroking along my knuckles with one of his fingers. 
“Are you trying to stop me from getting too attached?” I asked suddenly.
“What do you mean?” he replied. 
I gulped, steeling myself for the important question. “Do you think that if you kiss me, it’ll be too much for me to cope with when you go?”
He let go of my hand. My heart sank for a moment when I thought he was moving away from me, but he shuffled his long body onto its side and slipped his arm over my stomach. He held my side and pulled gently until I grabbed his shoulder to turn and face him. His black hair and lightly tanned face shone against the leaves as he let his fingertips stroke my cheek.
“If I kiss you,” he began slowly, “It’s me that won’t be able to cope.” He let his hand fall back to my waist and pulled our bodies close together until I couldn’t see his face. I nuzzled my nose into his collarbone and kissed him there lightly through his shirt. “The promise of your kiss is what I’ll live for out there. It’s what will help me come back home to you.”
It made me feel special, but I was happy and sad in the same moment. He sounded like he used to when I was in his head, the Henri surviving hard times who had relied on me to be there for him. But that was also the Henri who’d been beaten and harassed by Nazis, the Henri who had streaked past armed guards and almost been tossed out of a boat to his watery grave in the choppy North Sea. 
“Don’t you need to know what kind of kiss it is you’ll be coming back to?” I pressed, playing with the button on the pocket over his heart. I tingled all over when he held me even tighter.
“The curiosity is killing me, I promise you,” he chuckled. He let out a deep sigh against the top of my head. “Do you think I’m going to die out there?” He asked the question quietly, but he didn’t sound worried.
“No, of course not!” I exclaimed, pulling back so I could see his face.
“Then there’s no urgency, is there?” Henri said with a soft, level tone. He started to stroke my face again, calming my frayed nerves. “I’ll go and I’ll do my part for the war. And when I come back, you and I will always be together.”
There were so many things I wanted to argue against, so many worries I had that he just couldn’t soothe. But the moment between us in the autumn air was quiet and precious. I didn’t want to remember any part of my time with him ending in a fight.
“Okay,” I said weakly, trying to smile, “In that case, shall we steal Blod’s radio and try to have a dance?”

***

No-one could have made better use of their time than we did during that last month; I had bucket-loads of laughing, smiling memories of Henri to see me through the times when he wouldn’t be there beside me. But it was still a shock when there came a knock at the door on the morning of September 30th. I was in the little sitting room alone when I heard Idrys answer the door and caught wind of Doctor Bickerstaff replying to him. The two men went upstairs and Blod came to find me from the kitchen, taking off her apron as she entered the room.
“Was that Steven?” she urged.
I nodded. “Henri said he was bringing him his uniform so he could get changed here, instead of on the train.”
Blod nodded, her beautiful brow creased in worry. She had hardly mentioned anything about Bickerstaff to me since that one morning under the tree, but any time Henri or I mentioned his name we always got the sense that she was suddenly eavesdropping on us very carefully. She rung her hands together and took a few sharp breaths before she was off out of the room again like a shot. I was left listening for Henri and though I was tempted to step into his head I resisted the urge. Today was not the day for that kind of prying, I would wait for him to come and say a proper goodbye. 
Eventually the feet on the steep stone steps caught my ears. I turned my wheels to face the door and smoothed my hair and dress down tidy, admiring the polka dots draped over my knees. It was the dress he had made me, the one we had saved for an opportunity that never came, and though Henri might have been willing to wait until after the war to see it on me, I was not so patient. I heaved up out of my chair and onto my crutches, swishing the dress with a swing of my knees so it fell nicely around me. I found I was surprisingly weak for the time of the morning, like the core of every limb was made of jelly. 
The trembling weakness only increased when a slow creak indicated that the door was opening. A pair of long legs in brown boots stepped through it, shortly followed by the rest of Henri’s strong body and his wide, shining smile. I smiled back proudly at the sight of him in uniform, but my face dropped into a frown when I realised he wasn’t wearing the green shade I’d been expecting. His fatigues were a dusty, sandy sort of brown. Henri slipped an arm around my waist to help me stay standing, following my gaze to his khaki lapels as I reached out and touched the thin, coarse fabric. 
“You like the colour?” he asked playfully.
“What’s it for?” I answered, looking back up to his deep brown eyes. 
“North Africa,” was his reply.
“The desert!” I exclaimed. 
I didn’t know as much as I should have about all the places on the globe where this beastly war was being fought, but I knew that the sandy belt of countries flanking the north coast of Africa weren’t the safest place to be even in peace-time. I couldn’t find any more words to say, so I just buried my head in Henri’s shoulder and tried not to cry. He wrapped his arms around me tightly until a second set of footfalls entered the room. 
I pulled away from him to see Bickerstaff wearing the same coloured clothes, save for a few big red crosses sewn on that indicated his position as a medical officer. He had a smart little hat sticking out of his pocket which he toyed with as he tried not to process the sight of us wrapped up together in affection. Henri put me back down into my chair, his hands running up the torso of my dress as he let me go. He pointed at the fabric wordlessly, his eyes roaming over his creation, and I smiled.
“Did you tell Kit where we’re going?” Bickerstaff asked, perching himself on the corner of the sofa opposite us. We both nodded. The doctor’s big blue eyes found mine. “We’re going to be with the 7th Armoured Division, that’s tanks and things.”
“Exciting eh?” Henri asked, taking hold of my hand. Dangerous more like. I could tell Bickerstaff was sharing my opinion. Henri turned his head to the doctor eagerly. “Will we be on the ground or might they teach us how to drive the tanks?”
“You’ll go wherever they think you’re best suited,” Bickerstaff replied without a chance of a smile, “I’ll be on the ground, though. I have to be.”
I could hear that same defeated tone hiding in the shadow of his words. When he said on the ground, he didn’t just mean on foot. I wanted to comfort him, to tell him some great lie that would give him the same eager spirit that Henri had, as though spirit might just be enough to get them through the hell they were headed for, but anything I might have said was lost when the door to the room opened again. 
“I’ll bring the old truck round to get you lads to the station,” said Idrys, stopping to give me a cheer-up kind of smile, “You just come out when you’re ready, right?”
As the men nodded and the old farmer disappeared from the door, he was replaced by Blod with Ness held against her hip. The little girl looked strangely nervous as Blod brought her in and shut the door. Blod lifted her up a bit and gave her a squeeze.
“Right now,” she said gently, her eyes travelling instantly to Bickerstaff, “You’ve got to say goodbye to the boys, see? They’re going to bash the Germans.”
Ness made a fist with her tiny hand and punched the air in front of her slowly. Blod took her first to Henri and passed her over, but as soon as she was in his arms she became the rowdy, wriggling mess that she always was for him. She punched him in the cheek gently and he said ‘Ow’ in a high pitch squeak that made her laugh.
“Give him a kiss and cuddle and wish him good luck,” Blod pressed. 
Ness planted a tiny, shy kiss on Henri’s face and mumbled something against his ear as he squeezed her up tight. He wore a grateful smile as he handed the wriggling infant back to Blod, returning to sit beside me and hold my hand. I wondered if we ought to have excused ourselves before the next part of the farewell, but Blod and Bickerstaff were far too preoccupied with their daughter to notice either of us watching. When the doctor took his little girl into his arms she fell into that familiar calm state, watching his face with interest. Bickerstaff watched her for so long that Ness got a little bored and took hold of his face with her hands, poking him in the nose. 
“Pob lwc,” she said happily.
Bickerstaff grinned confusedly. “Welsh?” he asked Blod. She just nodded, her eyes shining a little. “Give us a cuddle then,” he said.
Ness wrapped her tiny arms around his head as Bickerstaff swung her to and fro tightly. He closed his eyes against her little mop of tawny hair, not too far from his own blonde shade, and then gently kissed the side of her head. Henri and I wore the same warm smile at the sight of them together, but I wondered if underneath it Henri was as worried as I was that this man might not ever see his daughter again. When Bickerstaff finally released Ness he gave her straight back to Blod, trying to keep his eyes off her smiling face. 
“Good girl,” Blod said quietly. 
She gave the doctor one long, sad look that he returned, then swiftly took herself out of the room. Bickerstaff started to speak, but then coughed loudly and violently for a few moments against the wall. When he spoke again his voice was lower and gruff.
“We ought to be going soon Henri; that train won’t wait for us.”
Henri checked his beautiful brass coloured watch and from this close I could read the name ‘A.P. Haugen’ on its side. His father’s watch, most likely. Something dark came over his young features as he looked into the clockface.
“We have ages yet,” he protested. His other hand clamped tight around mine.
Bickerstaff sat down again and rubbed his face. He was pink in the cheeks and I was pretty sure he didn’t want to get to the station any faster than Henri; he just needed to get away from what he was leaving behind at Ty Gwyn. 
“Did you say goodbye to Mam and Leigh?” I asked Henri.
He nodded, smiling again, but something deeper had settled behind his happy eyes. “She’s getting him ready for school,” he explained, “but I think my uniform upset her.”
“I’ll bet she crushed your bones all the same,” I answered, trying to chuckle.
“Oh yeah,” Henri replied, “I’ll go to training with bruised ribs now.”
I wanted to give him some bruised ribs of my own, but it was awkward with Bickerstaff still in the room. I rather thought he was sensing that himself when he rose from his perch and made a start towards the door, but he’d hardly reached the handle when it swung open at him again. The doctor leapt back in shock as a flurry of tears and flowing blonde hair rushed back into the room and accosted him. Blod wrapped her arms around Bickerstaff tightly and started kissing him before we’d even had the chance to look away. It all happened so quickly that I saw his hands rushing up into her hair before I even registered that I shouldn’t be watching. 
I looked at Henri who was also watching-but-not-watching the sudden outburst of affection. He gave me an awkward smile, his gaze fixing on mine thoughtfully as the half-grin fell away. Bickerstaff’s lungs heaved when Blod finally released him from her marathon kiss, but before he could get breath to speak she was stepping away out of his arms. Her mouth was open a little, her bright eyes streaming with tears as she turned and suddenly ran away. Bickerstaff gave us both a fleeting, red-faced look, and then went after her with haste. 
As soon as he was gone Henri picked me up out of my chair and took me over to the sofa, setting me down before he knelt on the floor in front of me. He put his smooth hands on my knees, feeling the fabric of the navy dress, staring at it thoughtfully. When he finally looked up at me again his face was serious, the kind of looks he’d worn when I first met him.
“You’ll wear this again the day I come home,” he said, “Promise me.”
“Promise,” I answered, “Even if I’m ninety six.”
He half smiled, leaning up towards me, pulling my arms close to wrap them around his neck. I tucked my legs under the sofa to bring him closer still until our noses were touching.
“I thought you were saving this kiss for… after?”
“I’ve changed my mind.”
His kiss was deep and sweet, warm lips and steady breaths as he squeezed me close to him. It felt like someone had released a flock of birds into my chest; every part of me trembled and fluttered as I firmly decided that this was the best feeling of my life. Until I remembered Henri’s claim the week before, that he didn’t need to kiss me yet because he had faith that he’d be coming home. If he’d changed his mind about kissing me, had he changed his mind about his chances of returning too? I thought he must have felt my hesitation when he broke our kisses, searching my face desperately like he wanted to recall every freckle.
“I’ll be with you,” I promised, “I’ll be right there to talk to you, to help you through everything.”
“I know,” he nodded breathlessly. 
He was scared suddenly; I could see it in the widening of his eyes, the way his hands were quivering where they held my waist. I stroked his dark hair down from its usual sticky-out mess.
“You’re going to be fine,” I soothed, sucking in a deep breath, “You’ll get through it, just like everything else so far.”
“With your help,” he added quickly, his lips trembling.
“With my help.”
I pulled him to me and kissed him again; trying to kiss away every frightening thought that was rushing through his head. We stayed wrapped in each other’s arms until Idrys came back to drag him away. I followed him out to the car in the fastest crutch-walk I’d ever done. Bickerstaff was sitting in the back of the truck with his head in his hands and Blod was nowhere to be seen. Henri got in beside the doctor and waved to me as the farm truck set off down the cobbles. I waved long after he’d gone out of focus, so hard that my arm burned with the effort for days after he’d gone. 


Blod hardly spoke to anyone for three full days after Henri and Bickerstaff had left for training. The only person permitted to enter her radio-filled room was Ness Fach and even she was unceremoniously kicked out after about half an hour at a time. I made the strenuous walk up the steep stairs to try and show Blod that I wanted her to talk things out with me about Bickerstaff, but all I got for my gargantuan effort was a door slammed in my face. The only upside was that her tantrum had forced Mam back into her proper role running Ty Gwyn, which resulted in a lot less crying as she redirected her emotions into producing a new series of ‘rationing recipe’ cakes and biscuits recommended by some of the other ladies at the chapel. They tasted foul, but Leigh and I praised her efforts all the same.
As much as I still disliked Blod intensely most of the time, I felt rotten that I could see into the places and know the things that she must have been wondering alone in her room. I had visited Henri several times already at the training camp but now that he was regimented we couldn’t seem to get a single moment where there wasn’t someone else in the room with him or, more usually, where he wasn’t running, leaping or aiming to shoot at something with a beastly drill sergeant screaming down his ear. I had come to know this master of torture as Sergeant Cross and so far there hadn’t been a single moment where his face didn’t suit his name. I was actually starting to enjoy Doctor Bickerstaff’s company too, now that he was a couple of hundred miles away, especially when he railed about Cross and the abuse he was throwing at Henri on a daily basis.
“He doesn’t like it because you’re foreign,” Bickerstaff said one night as he lay on his simple bed looking up at the ceiling. 
“The French are foreign and they’re dying for our cause,” Henri murmured. 
He was lying on his side on the next bed, fumbling in a drawer for something irately. I’d noticed the drop in his mood since he’d stopped being able to speak to me. When he looked down into the drawer I looked with him to see a brand new pad of paper and a pencil just as he pulled them out of the darkness. Henri sat up to put the pad on his lap.
What are you up to? I asked.
I felt him smile for just a second, then he picked up the pencil and started to scribble, focusing hard on the page.
I found a way to talk to you.
The words lifted my heart. You’re brilliant, I thought, you’re just brilliant.
I know. So are you.
“What are you doing?” Bickerstaff asked. 
Henri looked up from the page for a moment to focus on him, but the doctor was unbuttoning his shirt to get ready for bed so Henri looked away again sharply, probably thinking more of what I’d be able to see than of the other man’s privacy. 
“I’m writing a letter to Kit,” he lied expertly. 
“You’ve got it bad for that girl, haven’t you?” Bickerstaff asked in a less than kind tone.
I felt Henri grin. “I really do,” he answered. His cheeks were burning just a little in the seconds after he’d said it out loud. 
“She’s trouble,” the doctor warned, but then I heard him let out a sigh, “They’re all bloody trouble.”
“You’d know better than me,” Henri retorted, chancing another look at Bickerstaff. He had gotten into bed, but he continued to gaze upwards and broke into a sad little smile at Henri’s words. Henri gulped dryly before he spoke again. “You should write to her, tell her how you feel.”
Bickerstaff laughed a little. “The only thing that’s important is how Blod feels, and she doesn’t feel the same way I do. That ship has very much sailed, Henri. You’ll understand when you’re older that some things just can’t be fixed, no matter how hard you try.”
She’s crying over him, I told Henri, in her room, with the radio blasting where she thinks we can’t hear her. 
“She kissed you goodbye,” Henri pressed, “Don’t tell me that means nothing.”
Bickerstaff turned his head, his eyes narrowing at Henri. “I think it’s time you kept your advice to yourself,” he spat, his nasty side rearing its ugly head. He turned over in the little bed and slammed his head down on the thin pillow like a petulant schoolboy. Henri sighed and went back to his pad of paper.
So much for brothers in arms. 
He’s as messed up as she is, I thought, they deserve each other, no mistake. 
I’ll work on him another time to write that letter. I think he’s tempted. 
Do, or I’m going to get hell here for months the way Blod’s going on. I want to smash that radio to bits as it is.
Please don’t. You are not famed for keeping your cool. 
You’re a cheeky devil on paper, you know. 
Henri grinned widely for just a moment before he went back to his usual expression. He looked up into the bunk house full of beds that were slowly filling with countless other young men. I knew that the lights would go out soon, removing any chance of reading his page. I waited, watching Henri stare at the paper, those familiar nerves creeping into his spine. He tapped his pencil on the page a few times like he was going to start writing, but then, very slowly, he brought the nib around and drew a very faint heart instead. 

***

Henri had just a fortnight of training before he’d be shipped off to join the 7th Armoured Division trudging through the sand in the African heat. I spent some time out by our tree trying to convince myself that there was no need to worry about him, but the season’s shift sent a cold breeze to numb my skin as if to tell me that my warmest wishes were not enough to keep him safe. I pulled my knitted cardigan tight around my shoulders, hugging my arms around my body and wishing that Henri was there to hold me instead. It was painful to think of his strong arms and warm kiss when I could no longer reach them. 
Whispers in his head and scribbled words on paper were all I had now to keep me sane. I knew full well what I’d be like if I didn’t have those at least; the prime example of separation and grief was still stomping around Ty Gwyn in her beautiful high heeled shoes. I shuddered in the cold under the leafy canopy that rustled with the wind, but I held fast to my promise. I had asked Blod to meet me out here and I was certain that she’d give in to curiosity eventually. I heard her disgruntled huffing for a long time before she came into proper focus as she clomped across the field.
“Mam says if we die of pneumonia she won’t be held responsible,” Blod griped as she sat herself down beside me and leant against the tree. 
“I can’t risk showing you this in the house,” I said, biting my lip a little.
The Celtic beauty’s interest was piqued, I could tell, though she continued to scowl and narrow her eyes at the cold wind whipping up around us. I steeled myself, taking a deep breath before I flung my hands out and steeped my fingers to the bridge of my nose.
“Okay,” I began, “This is going to sound complicated and impossible, but what I’m going to tell you is true, and I can prove it to you.”
Blod was already judging me, her eyes shone with interest and a mocking sort of amusement, like she was ready to pounce with every wicked jibe she knew. I could feel my cheeks reddening before I’d even really said anything, not a good sign, but I pressed on against my will and my pride.
“Henri and I aren’t related, not at all.”
“Then how do you know him?” Blod demanded, slapping my arm a little.
“I found him… with my mind.” I tore myself away from Blod’s face so I wouldn’t have to see the look she was bound to be giving me. “I have, well, your Bampi calls them psychic powers.”
The snort that escaped Blod was both unladylike and extremely loud. 
“What a load of rubbish!” she exclaimed gleefully.
“I can prove it,” I said quietly. Blod calmed a little and I looked back in her laughing eyes. “I can step into your head; speak to you in your mind.”
“Oh yeah?” She folded her arms and set her mouth in a smirk that reminded me of a certain doctor. “Go on then.”
So I did. Without another word I put myself quickly into the right frame of mind, slipping out of my consciousness and directly into hers. For a moment she was still watching me, my skinny form hunched over and wrapped in a cardigan with my hands over my eyes. She felt like she was going to burst out laughing, prideful and fairly cruel.
Do you believe me now?
All mirth and mockery went flying out of Blod in the huge shriek that she gave. She scrabbled away from me on the grass, gasping and watching me carefully.
Check my lips, I thought, they aren’t moving. I’m in your head.
A fluttering of panic gathered on Blod’s chest.
“You can’t hear my thoughts, can you?” she asked fearfully.
Fortunately for both of us, no. But I can see through your eyes and feel your emotions. Don’t panic so much. I can’t hurt you.
Blod took a moment to gather a fair amount of oxygen back into her throbbing lungs before she could think straight again. She did all the things to test me that Henri had first tried, how many fingers behind her back, what was she looking at, did she have her eyes open or shut. It was all easy, and when she was as convinced as I could make her I left her mind again and shook out my body against the numbing cold of keeping still for so long.
“So you can see Henri any time you want?” she asked. I didn’t miss the bitter note in her tone. I nodded, trying not to smile quite so happily. “How is he? What’s the place like?”
“It’s all very hard and physical,” I explained, “He’s always aching and tired. Bickerstaff says Africa will be much worse, but frankly I don’t see how.”
Blod’s lip dropped, her expression one of utter hurt. “Steven spoke to you?”
“No of course not,” I added apologetically, “He doesn’t have a clue I’m there. But he speaks to Henri, when he’s not in a mood.” I hesitated a moment, looking down at the dying autumn leaves under my hands. “I think he misses you terribly.”
“Did he actually say that?”
“Well, no,” I mumbled. I felt Blod’s posture drop beside me. “But it’s so obvious. He snaps at Henri like a bulldog when he even mentions your name. He’s tormented.”
I saw a flash of satisfaction come over Blod’s perfect features, but it soon faded to leave her deep in thought again.
“I can’t stand seeing you upset like this, thinking he doesn’t care about you,” I rushed on, trying to get all the explanation out before she could stop me, “But please don’t tell anyone about what I can do. Mum says it could be very bad for me if people found out.”
“It’s not that I think he doesn’t care,” Blod said quietly, “I know he cares.” She pulled her knees up to her jaw and rested on them, hugging her flowing dress to her legs. “When he left the other day, he gave me these papers. Bank papers, they were. He’s sold his house and put all this money away, see? And if he dies out there, Ness and I get the lot.”
“I suppose that’s quite sensible,” I said, though I didn’t believe that was the only reason Bickerstaff had turned in all his worldly possessions. According to our last conversation, the young doctor was completely certain that he wouldn’t survive his post in the war. 
“But he actually sold the house!” Blod said in less than a squeak, tears forming slowly at the corner of her eyes. “He’s made it feel like he won’t be coming back.” I put out a hand to pat her knee and to my surprise she grabbed it and held onto me tightly. “You’ll keep an eye on him for me, won’t you?”
“Of course,” I promised, “I’ll tell you everything I can.”
We sat in a silence for a few moments until Blod seemed to realise that she was still latched onto me. She let go and dusted herself down proudly, pushing the water from under her eyes as she stared at the ground thoughtfully. 
“Can you find anyone you want to with this psychic lark?”
The sudden question made me stammer. “Well, um, more or less. I’ve been getting better and better at sort of… targeting people.”
Blod paused fearfully, taking a little breath.
“Can you find Ieuan?” she asked. 
It wasn’t as though the thought hadn’t occurred to me. In fact it had come to me no sooner than I’d heard he was missing, but I had pushed the idea of looking for him deep down into my head and tried not to feel the guilt pressing in on my thoughts every day. In truth I was scared to do it, scared to search in case the worse had come true. I had no way of knowing what it would be like to put my mind into the head of a dead man and absolutely no desire to find out. Idrys hadn’t asked me to look for him either, some silent understanding between us, perhaps, that it was better to hope than have one’s worst fears confirmed. Blod clearly didn’t have those kind of concerns.
“I can try,” I said, voice trembling. I wasn’t sure that I wanted to, but there was no way that I could say no to Blod, she’d lost so much already this summer. 
She sat patient and silent as a child whilst I wrapped myself up warm again and settled, heaving out my shaking breaths. I closed my eyes along with the usual moves, concentrating hard on Ieuan’s ginger head of hair, his low lilting voice, his eyes the same bright blue as the rest of the Price siblings. I thought about the jokes he’d made at the dinner table, the wink he’d tipped me about the rationed chocolate what seemed like forever ago. All around me was blackness for a terrifyingly long time, but I focused harder still on the youngest brother, the long nose and square jaw that smacked of his poor father.
The blackness evolved into something, though it was still a terribly dark place to be. I could see a crumbling, impossibly dark wall before me, I felt cramped, afraid, like I couldn’t breathe. I panicked horrifically as I realised I was underground. Was he dead? Buried? Was this his body, deathly still, laying in the earth forever more?
“It’s all right lads, they’ve moved off.”
Ieuan started to move suddenly, digging something sharp and cold into the wall of earth in front of him. Now that he was moving again I could feel him crouching, his long legs tangled up underneath him, his head craned to the side against the confines of the space he was in. He looked down as a torchlight flashed somewhere behind him. There was a small, metal pan like you might use for cooking which he was filling with earth with a tablespoon. When he’d piled the last bit of soil on top of it he passed it back behind him.
“Pass us another empty, mun,” he said gruffly. 
He felt exhausted, but there was something steely and angry coating his heart. When Ieuan looked behind him to find another pan I was shocked to see a huge line of men all crouched in the badly lit passage. They were all kinds of ages and all in vests and underwear, their white garments smeared with the earth that surrounded them. Every man was digging out beside him, making their tunnel wider whilst Ieuan pressed on at its head. 
“We’re going to have to stop soon chaps, inspection in twenty minutes.” A posh kind of voice came echoing down the long underground dugout to give the warning. “Five more minutes, then everyone up and back into uniform.”
I wasn’t all that sure about what was going on, but wherever Ieuan was he and the other British men around him were trying to tunnel their way out. He was captured, but alive, and the relief I was feeling would be nothing compared to how Blod would react to the news I could now give her. The old cold shiver hit me as thoughts of Blod sitting in the autumn leaves captured my attention; I left Ieuan in the tunnel and when my eyes reopened at Ty Gwyn, a huge smile erupted before I could even speak. 


We consulted Idrys about my visit to Ieuan as soon as we could and he gave us the good news and the bad: Ieuan would be well-looked after, he was in no immediate harm, but he was also in a prisoner of war camp. There would be no way for him to get out until the war was over and the fact that he was tunnelling was a very dangerous sign. If the Germans caught him trying to escape, the consequences would be as severe as we could possibly imagine. It was a wrench not to be able to tell Mam that her youngest son was alive and well, but Idrys warned me that she wouldn’t be likely to understand my gift.
“You young people are more accepting of these things,” he said to Blod and me in a whisper, “It’s best not to burden Mam with talk like this. It might upset her something awful.”
Blod went back to her duties in the household so that I’d have more free time to check on Henri, Bickerstaff and Ieuan during the day. Mam was too grateful for the help to question Blod’s change of heart, putting it down to her ever-altering moods, but she was disturbed by the way Blod kept suddenly running off into my bedroom to ask me whispered little questions. I gave her what snippets I could from my visits to the POW camp and to the Essex barracks, but we had learned very little except for the fact that Ieuan’s camp was located somewhere near Toulouse, which Idrys later informed us was quite far south in France. The fact that he wasn’t in Germany boded quite well, I thought. 
Henri’s training days were coming to an end and the evening talks between the boys in the barracks were becoming more sombre by the day. Most of the soldiers and medics in training in Henri’s living space were dressed in the same sandy brown uniforms as him and Bickerstaff, marking them all as ‘Desert Rats’, the new wave of aggression that was supposedly going to get North Africa under control at last. Most of the young men in the barracks were, like Henri, enthused about the prospect of battling alongside heavy artillery and tanks; it seemed like such weapons would offer them a great deal of protection. But there were a few agitators, Bickerstaff included, who were all too keen to remind the others that the Germans had cannons, shells and tanks of their own.
I didn’t know whether it was better to be optimistic like Henri or keenly aware of the dangers like Bickerstaff, so all I could do was urge Henri to stay friendly with the belligerent doctor in case he needed him one day soon. For all the faults in his mood, Bickerstaff was an intelligent man, perhaps too smart for his own good; he would spot problems and risks where Henri might not. Henri wasn’t keen on the idea of palling up with the most cynical and unpopular chap in the barracks, but for my sake he promised he would stick as close to the doctor as he could. 
In return, however, I had to promise something of my own. It was going to take the boys two days to cross to their new post in Libya and Henri made me swear I wouldn’t go poking into his head until they got there. Now that he had developed a keen sense for when I was actually there in his mind, I couldn’t even pretend I hadn’t visited him. I swore I’d keep my word and said a strained goodbye and good luck to Henri the night before the departure. He drew another little heart on his page for me, then scribbled underneath:
Tell Blod to look out for the post.

***

The news sent Blod into a frenzy, she practically attacked the postman the next morning asking repeatedly if there was anything for Ty Gwyn, even when he’d already gone past the cobble path that led up to the little white farm house. Idrys was even more anxious for news of Ieuan; every time he arrived at the house for a meal or a cup of tea he always came to me before anyone else to ask for an update. Mam quite often remarked on how popular I had become with everyone, though I knew she hadn’t the faintest clue as to why. 
I wanted to give Idrys more interesting news, but the life of a prisoner of war was not half as exciting as I’d expected it to be. The tunnel Ieuan had been digging had collapsed after a few days, forcing the prisoners to rethink their plans and start over again in another direction. Other than that his life was a series of inspections by official looking Nazis and surly guards interspersed with idle chit chat amongst fellow airmen and soldiers as they smoked and played cards, waiting for their next shift to dig a few more inches out of the ground beneath their feet. I had considered trying to talk to Ieuan to get a message to him from his family, but Idrys forbade it, fearful that the Germans might shoot him as a spy if they heard him talking to an invisible person. 
It was a rainy afternoon, the day before I could visit Henri again, when the post arrived. Blod squealed at first, but she stomped into the kitchen and dropped a soggy brown thing into my lap with a huff moments later. 
“Typical,” she spat, “It’s for you.” She hurricaned out of the room again instantly.
I looked down at the marred envelope, reading my name and address in Henri’s scribbly handwriting. This wasn’t right; he had told Blod to wait for the letter. I looked up at Mam, her back to me as she did the washing up, and suddenly two and two made four. I wheeled out of the kitchen as silently as I could to catch up to Blod.
“Wait, wait!” I said in a hoarse tone, not wanting Mam to hear me.
I heaved and panted to get to Blod before she could march up the stairs, grabbing the sleeve of her cardigan as I wheeled straight into her leg. She kicked me away with a loud ‘ouch’ but I shushed her, beckoning her to come close whilst I spoke in a low whisper.
“Henri and I speak all the time. We don’t need letters. I think this is really for you.”
Bickerstaff clearly didn’t want to raise Mam’s suspicions, but it would look perfectly normal for Henri to be sending me a note before he was shipped off. Blod’s eyes widened excitedly and she took the letter back, holding it tightly with both hands. Without a word she scampered up the stairs and I heard the door to her bedroom slam behind her. I smiled, proud of Henri and pleased for Blod.
As I made an awkward turn in the black and white hall the wide front door burst open with a bang. I was horrified to find the violent noise was made by Leighton, who was huffing and puffing with a round red face. Before I could even speak he found me and grabbed my arms, shaking his head in amazement.
“Kit! Kit!” he heaved, hardly breathing.
“Close the door Leigh it’s freezing!” I ordered immediately, wrenching myself out of his frantic grip.
Leighton shook his head repeatedly, clutching at his chest and gasping. “Kit it’s… it’s…. I’ve run all the way from… She’s coming! She’s coming now!”
“Who is?” I demanded, rolling my eyes.
My little brother grinned as he got back his breath.
“Mum!”

***

Mam and Mum were a funny sight in a room together. My mother sat upright with her finely curled hair, gripping her tea mug and sipping the liquid gratefully as it steamed against the cold air around her. Mam relaxed, her face rosy from her day’s housework, hair flapping out of her practical bun in wild directions. And yet they smiled together and talked incessantly, like they might have known each other for years. I supposed quietly to myself that if Mum had been visiting us in Leighton’s head, she probably knew a lot about Mam already, perhaps more than she ought to. I watched them together for a moment more before I properly entered the room, my crutches resting on my knees as I wheeled in.
“Go on then,” Mum said, taking in a big breath, “Let me see you.”
Proudly and expertly I rose from my chair and onto my walking aids with relative ease. Shoving the cushioned parts under my arms I was able to walk right up to Mum and look down at her where she sat, beaming my best golden smile. She took my face in her hands and admired me with a grin that matched my own. I knew she had probably seen me on my feet before in her mental visits, but there was something different about the experience of actually being here and feeling her pat me on the back for my success. 
“My goodness,” she mouthed, looking to Mam to find her beaming too, “I must thank that doctor of yours, dear.”
My smile flickered away. “You can’t Mum,” I said sadly, “he’s in Africa now.”
“Poor soul,” Mam whispered, “I do hope he’ll be all right. And Henri too, of course.”
Though the mood was a little more sombre, Mum still quirked an eyebrow at me.
“Yes,” she said slowly, cracking a tiny smile, “We mustn’t forget Henri.”
“Brave boys, both of them,” Mam said, suddenly rising to clear away the tea cups. She was holding something back in her voice; it quivered like a dam waiting to burst. It would be a long time before those tense moments were a thing of the past, I knew. 
“Shall we go sit in the other room Mum?” I suggested, eyeing Mam carefully where she was scrubbing the life out of a cup.
“That’s a great idea love,” Mum replied, “Come and join us when you’re ready, Gladys?”
Mam nodded, forcing a smile back to her face. “Yeah of course, Gail love,” she choked, “You’ll stay for your dinner tonight, won’t you?”
“If you’ll have me,” Mum answered with a humble smile.

***

It was a well-known fact that Mam would feed anybody who came to Ty Gwyn, so she only bobbed in and out of the sitting room whilst Mum sat with Leighton and me, joining our conversation in between the mashing of potatoes and the roasting of meat. Leigh had run into our mother walking up the big hill to reach the farm house and then run all the way on to be the first one to tell us all of her arrival, so after he had heard the tales of the on-going bombing in London he abruptly fell asleep on the old sofa next to Mum. She put her coat over him and shuffled away a little to be nearer to me.
“I have to go back right away tonight, sweetheart,” she warned quietly, “but I came as soon as I could manage. I know I’ve left you for so long without any answers.” She rubbed her pale hands together slowly. “But it would have been far too risky to put anything in a letter.”
I frowned, trying to organise my thoughts to work out what questions I really needed answering. There was the big one, of course, the D word, the one that I still didn’t think she would tell me about. I decided on building up to that slowly.
“So have you ever worked in a bicycle factory, or was that all a big lie?”
Mum gave me an apologetic grin. “I don’t even know how to ride a bicycle darling, much less manufacture its parts.”
“Who is it you work for then?” I pressed eagerly, “The government?”
She nodded. “Whoever needs me. At the moment that’s the War Office.”
“Why didn’t you ever explain to me? You must have realised I was getting these powers, surely?”
“I was hoping you might stay in denial about them a bit longer, actually,” Mum admitted, reaching out to take my hand, “I assume you’ve been poking around in Norway, what with Henri and all. You’re much more advanced that I would have expected.”
“Am I?” I found myself smiling at that. “Well I’ve been working on it very hard, and Idrys had helped.”
Mum’s face fell. “How many people know about this all together?”
“Three,” I replied.
“Darling you must keep it that way.” She squeezed my hand again before taking it back to tap her own knees impatiently. “This war, this situation… It isn’t a good time to do what you can do.”
“But Idrys knew Granddad Arkwright!” I protested. “He helped in the first war, you’re helping in this one, and-”
“And nothing,” Mum interrupted, her young face suddenly stricter than usual, “Your time to help will come when you’re older, I’m sure, but not now.”
I folded my arms at her. “You can’t stop me,” I said plainly, “It’s my power.”
My mother’s slim shoulders drooped and she shook her head just the once. “No, I can’t stop you,” she conceded, “All I can do is ask that you be sensible.” 
She let out a long, low sigh, reclining on the sofa, pulling away from me. Leighton stirred a little, huffing out a short breath. She started to stroke his hair. 
“I’m afraid of the things you might see, Kit.” She spoke quietly, like every word might explode if its volume was too high. “This Henri of yours has been trained, but he doesn’t know what’s really out there, the horrors he’s going to have to face. You shouldn’t be facing them with him; you should be here where I put you, where it’s safe.”
I was sure that Henri and Bickerstaff had both told me about the prospect of what was out there too. I hadn’t listened to either of them and this third warning felt like a record on repeat. 
“But I can help Henri,” I protested, “I helped him before, when he was still in Norway!”
“This is going to be very different,” Mum said with a grave, pale face, “If you do it, there won’t be any going back. You can’t un-see the places that your mind might take you to. You won’t ever forget. I know I haven’t.”
She looked older than the last time I had seen her when she waved us off at the station more than a year ago. She was still my prim and proper mother with her careful balance of compassion and caution, but as she looked down at Leighton curled up beside her there was something so exposed in her face. Raw emotion had bubbled up into her eyes, striking every nerve, setting her up like a rubber band stretched to its limit. 
“I understand what you’re saying,” I began cautiously, though in truth I really didn’t. How did she know that I couldn’t handle the sight of the war? How did any of them know what I could manage unless they let me try it? “But I can’t turn my back on this now. There are people here depending on me.”
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
Mum didn’t say it in a nasty way; it was more like she just had to get the words out. Leighton uncurled himself from his cat-like position near us, rubbing his eyes.
“Oh no,” he mumbled, “sorry Mum, I just-”
“It’s all right darling,” she soothed, stroking his hair again as he sat up and shuffled closer, “I’ve missed watching you sleep.”
The conversation was over and I hadn’t even reached the part about Dad. Every time I looked at Mum that evening I felt something different, sometimes anger, sometimes fear. Pity, loss, duty, guilt, I could hardly process the gambit of emotions running amok inside my head. I tried my best to push them all away, to just appreciate my mother for the few hours we had before she was due to set off on the midnight train back to London, but I was still riled that she had kept so much from me. She was still keeping things from me and worse she was telling me not to go looking for the answers myself either.
By the time she had gone that night I knew what I wanted to do. It was the ultimate betrayal, I was sure, but it was time to stop letting other people dictate my actions. I was going to do it. I was going to find my father.


My first attempt to find Dad resulted in blackness, but if experience had taught me anything it was that black didn’t ever seem to mean dead. Everything was still; I was in that conundrum where I couldn’t work out if my heart was beating or his, if those were my limbs twitching, my lungs expanding slowly. He might have been asleep. I didn’t dare call out to wake him up, deciding instead that I would just keep coming back until he was awake. The next morning I thought about trying him straight away but my energy felt low. Saving my strength was the best move, especially since I needed to be in Libya after breakfast.
Blod came to sit with me in the little sitting room whilst I made the journey, desperate to ensure that we would not be disturbed. She was visibly uncomfortable with having to watch me travel, but she did her best to sit still and not fidget. It took me longer than usual to calm myself down, every time I closed my eyes all I could think of was how constantly I was disobeying my mother. My own guilt made me angrier than her so-called advice; I wished desperately that I was confident enough to believe that I was doing the right thing by stepping back into the war.
Africa was a beautiful place. I got to Henri at the same time for three days running when he was on patrol, looking out to the empty, sandy horizon. Though I couldn’t feel the heat that rose in waves from the golden desert dunes, I felt the sweat pooling at the back of Henri’s neck, his dusky fatigues sticking to his aching body. Training had been hard on him, but the journey had apparently been even worse. 
How are your bruises? I asked when Henri had walked to the farthest part of his patrol route. He had to time his replies for the moments when no-one else was in earshot; turning his face away from the base so no-one saw his lips move.
“I’m learning to load this huge gun,” he murmured, “Every time I load a shell it falls back on me. Damn heavy things, my arm is black.”
Any sign of the Germans? 
Henri shook his head. “We’re not looking for Germans. It’s the Italians that are fighting out here, but of course they’re all still the enemy.”
I bit my lip. Is that better or worse than facing the Nazis?
I felt his chest deflate. “I suppose when they’re pointing a tank at you it’s all the same.”
You sound like-
“Bickerstaff, I know,” he intercepted sadly, “Unfortunately the man makes a lot of sense to me now.” Henri gripped his rifle tightly, scanning the bare sands around him once more. “When you hear the gunfire at night, it’s hard not to think about the fact that you’ll be out there in it soon enough.”
Where is Bickerstaff? I pressed, trying to steer away from the growing fear in Henri’s ribcage. Blod wants to know how he’s doing.
“He’s out today with a special group,” Henri said, licking his chapped lips in the unbearable heat, “They’re scouting to find out how close the Iti’s are. I’m supposed to watch for them returning. I’ll have to go back to the other side now.”
I knew that meant he couldn’t talk for a while, but he was so sad, so lonely, that I couldn’t bear to break the link.
I’ll stay and keep you company, I offered. He nodded and set off back towards the other soldiers.
Henri was patrolling a section of wire fence that led down to a pair of huge iron gates where trucks and cars pulled into the base day in, day out. There were other guards who were permanently stationed at the gates, ready to open them at the sign of an allied group, but also sporting rifles to tackle any hint of a threat. The base itself was all done out in stone, like the British Army had overtaken some great Libyan mansion and filled it with their troops. Henri and his brothers in arms blended seamlessly with the sandy stones and dusky ground, their brown uniforms were already caked with squashed fly stains and tiny drops of blood that seeped out of their mosquito bites. I felt the serious set jaw on Henri’s face as he reached the gate and nodded to the other guards, I ached to be able to take that jaw in my hands and kiss out his tension. 
I love you, you know.
The thought had escaped before I had a chance to rein it in. Henri caught his breath in his throat; the sombre weight in his chest lifting away like a pressure valve had been removed. He couldn’t reply, certainly not with the two gate guards standing right next to him, but I felt his face relax into a smile. His nerves danced in his arms and shoulder, racing back and forth to his heart as he let out a few breaths. Then, very slowly, he put his hand up to his mouth and kissed his own palm silently. 
I knew what it meant.
I was all the more eager to stay until he’d be able to talk again; I’d been waiting about ten minutes for him to shift position when a speck in the dunes caught my eye.
Henri there, I directed, coming over that big hill in the middle. What is it?
He had found the sight a few seconds after me, his eyes focusing hard on the dark dot as it charged toward the base. He spoke to the other guards as they all raised their guns, eyeing the approaching threat. The sight of a uniform the same colour as their own meant nothing, they kept their rifles trained and the gates firmly locked until the blurry brown shape was in better view.
One man was carrying another across his shoulders, trudging through deep sand with staggered strides, his head down as he raced on towards where we were watching. The man being carried was in better view; his sandy uniform was coated in blood. I wanted to be sick, but there was no way I could look away. Pain and nausea ripped through my chest as the men came closer and closer, but I stared on, transfixed by the sight. His face was cut, his trousers ripped, his jacket sliced open right across the chest where a mighty gash oozed with red liquid. I had never known that blood could be so thick. 
Once the guards had realised that the soldiers approaching were indeed their allies, the gates flew open and more men were alerted to rush out and help the injured fellow. They rushed him past where Henri stood watching then they burst out of the gates and raced towards the man who had been carrying him, who collapsed into the sand the moment his charge had been lifted. Henri found him and flipped him onto his back as the fellow heaved. He knelt back, aghast as I too reeled in shock at the sight of him.
“Bickerstaff!”
“Good morning,” he choked, spitting out a mouthful of blood and sand beside him.
The handsome doctor had a huge laceration running down the left side of his face, now caked with bits of sand and dirt that were soaking up the deep red ooze all around the wound. His chest hammered visibly until he had caught his breath, I noticed the fearful tears streaming from his eyes. Eventually he sat up, thumping his torso to cough any sign of weakness from his voice. 
“We were set upon,” he breathed, “They killed Carter, took Briggs away. Cooper was the only one I could help.”
Henri clapped him on the shoulder, his head flooded with pride, relief and an overwhelming sense of terror. 
“Let’s get your face stitched up.”
He threw an arm around Bickerstaff’s middle and hauled the other man up as fast as he could. I felt the sticky, sickly touch of the doctor’s bleeding face as it grazed Henri’s ear. I didn’t know which one of us felt sicker at the sensation. Either way it was becoming too much, despite my desperation to stay, that old cold shiver in my spine told me it was time to go. In truth a big part of me was glad it had come, though I felt so selfish, just melting away to safety whilst Henri had to go on alone.

***

Blod was hysterical over Bickerstaff’s injury; she kept making me describe it until I felt unbearably queasy again, so much so that I actually hobbled off to the kitchen for fear I’d have to throw up in the sink. These were the things Mum had warned me of, the things that I couldn’t un-see. I was scared, trembling all over, but it wouldn’t stop me going back there at the same time tomorrow, nothing would stop me from letting Henri know I was always there for him. He was growing more fearful every day of what fate had in store for him. But fate had brought us together once, so I was willing to trust it to do the right thing and I needed him to feel that way too.
When my nerves had recovered I spent some time checking on Ieuan, only to find that his tunnel had collapsed yet again and he was in a secret meeting with some angry looking fellows who were trying to decide on a new location to begin another dig. They were interrupted briefly by some vicious looking guards who snooped around their room, perhaps looking for signs of the dig. They built their tunnels under the floorboards of course, and they never used their uniforms whilst they were digging. All the dirt was hidden away on their vests and other underclothes, to the untrained eye they were just bored players that had been removed from the great game in the outside world. To me, through Ieuan’s eyes, they were cunning heroes waiting for their moment to strike.
Happy that I could report Ieuan as safe and well to Blod and Idrys, my thoughts wandered back to the other task at hand. I closed my eyes again, searching desperately for Dad. It had been more than two years since I had seen him, I wished I had taken better notice of how he looked the night I saw him last. He had hair a darker shade of brown than Leighton, cut in an elegant but very old fashioned sort of wave. I remembered his dark moustache shaped like the whiskers on a fox, how his brown eyes used to crinkle when Leigh and I tried to make it stick up the wrong way towards his nose.
Black again, but this time the body I was in was moving. I had no way to tell if this was my father, but I hadn’t been wrong about my targets in a long time. I waited excitedly, focusing on every feeling this man was having. His arms were stretched out in front of him, moving with strain against something ahead in the pitch darkness. He was on his knees; they dug into hard, stony ground, aching like he’d knelt on pins and needles for hours. His toes were numb inside heavy boots, his head bowed down towards the ground beneath him. 
He blinked something out of his eye, a vague shadow telling me he was wiping his face. So his eyes were open, but wherever he was there wasn’t a flicker of light to be found. I heard scraping sounds where his hands were, sounds that I had learned to recognise lately. His chest was starting to ache from his task, but he made no other noise at all. There was just him, his silent breaths and the scraping. He was alone. And he was digging. 

***

No matter how I tried the timing I could only find Dad asleep or in the tunnel. I was beginning to wonder idly if he was sleeping in the tunnel itself, but the thought of all those other passages that had collapsed for Ieuan told me that he probably wasn’t. I was just unlucky with my visits. It was possible that Dad was in a POW camp too, but if that were true then I didn’t understand why Mum would want to keep it such a big secret, or why Dad had left us so long before the war actually broke out. There was something more to it than what I knew so far, I supposed I’d just have to keep trying.
Bickerstaff’s face was slowly healing with each day that I saw him, but it looked as though the blade that had cut into his cheek was going to leave a permanent scar on his pale skin. He and Henri carried on their duties as normal despite the shockwave running through the base about the attack, until one day I found Henri patrolling in a particularly nervy mood. He had his rifle on his back and he was rubbing his palms down the sides of his trousers over and over again, the skin of his hands turning raw. A bad sign, a very bad sign indeed.
Tell me what’s the matter, I demanded.
“I love you too,” Henri blurted a sharp whisper, “I’ve been meaning to say it. I was waiting for a nice time, but I have to say it now or I’ll burst.” His spine prickled with electricity.
For God’s sake Henri, what’s going on?
“They’re sending us out there, to that same place where Carter got killed the other day.” I froze, waiting desperately for an explanation. “About a dozen of us, we’re going to ambush them at night.”
Do the others have to go too? Bickerstaff and Cooper? I thought of the sheer horror of the injured men, those who had just managed to escape, having to go straight back to the scene where their ally had lost his life.
“Cooper’s dead,” Henri said softly, “His injuries got infected, they were too… Bickerstaff tried to help him, he really tried.” He attempted to clear his throat, but I could feel how difficult it was, the invisible blockage of grief and fear had made it impossible to swallow. “But yes, Bickerstaff has to come with us. He’s our medic, he has no choice.”
An ambush, I mused, Do you think I can help?
“I don’t think you should,” Henri began, but then the tremble in his heart grew larger, “but I need you there, Kit. I-”
His voice cracked and heat rose in his already sweating face. He kept his back to the base, looking out through the fence at the seemingly harmless sands. I wondered how many vicious killers were hiding just over those distant dunes. 
I’ll be there, I promised, I’ll help you no matter what. You know that. I couldn’t stand the feel of his terrified body any longer, the way even his strong legs were quaking in his hardy boots. I can feel your emotions, Henri, I confessed. 
His eyes widened. “Can you always do that?” he breathed.
Yes.
“Then you know, without me saying it,” he whispered, “You know how bad this is going to be.”
I’ll help you to get away if you need to, I swore, I’ll help you to hide, to survive this.
Henri sucked up his strength and forced himself to stop shaking, trying to be stronger than he seemed. His heart betrayed him though as it went on pounding away at his ribs. He shoved his hands deep into his pockets to remove the temptation to rub his palms. I wanted to hold him, to pull him in and never let go, but despite our mental closeness I was just too far away. All I had were the words I could whisper in his mind.
I love you so much.
“I love you too.”


The ambush was scheduled for two in the morning. I was there early, watching Henri get kitted out with guns, grenades and all sorts of nasty looking things that I didn’t want to investigate. I could tell by his occasional smiles that he knew I was with him, though I didn’t speak very often. He and Bickerstaff were the last ones left in the barracks as they prepared themselves for the operation. I caught a few glimpses of the doctor with his pink scar; his face was grave and hollow. He looked like he hadn’t been eating or sleeping at all. 
“Just get out if things turn sour,” Bickerstaff said in a low murmur, “Don’t worry about helping anyone else. Run like hell, due south brings you back here after about an hour.”
“I wouldn’t leave any man behind,” Henri protested, “You didn’t last time.”
“And a fat lot of good it did,” Bickerstaff spat, “Cooper would have been better dying where he fell. At least the Iti’s would have made it quick.”
I felt my stomach give a lurch. His wicked temper was a hundred times worse in the face of war. 
“It’s not about cowardice, Henri,” the doctor added, strapping a case full of bullets into place, “It’s about what’s practical. If you stop to help someone else, then two men die instead of one. You can’t win a war like that.”
“Don’t you mean ‘we’?” Henri pressed.
Bickerstaff kept his blonde head down, refusing to answer.
He doesn’t think that he’ll live through this twice, I thought. Henri nodded imperceptibly. 
He approached the doctor where he was lacing his boots and put a hand on his shoulder. I could feel Bickerstaff shaking at the touch. Henri leant down against his scarred face, trying to make him see that he was smiling.
“Remember your girls at home,” he whispered. Bickerstaff shut his eyes tightly. “If there’s any way to get home to them, you have to strive for it. I know that’s what I’m doing.”
Bickerstaff froze in place stubbornly until Henri broke away, defeated. The call came for the dozen selected men to form ranks and soon the pack of Desert Rats were off, streaking silently out of the gates and into the dark sands. They walked slowly and determinedly for almost an hour, their guns held tightly and their eyes darting everywhere at once for the signs of a threat. I could hear Henri’s heartbeat, quick but steady as he went. He was trying to be brave, trying not quake or tremble because he knew I would feel it if he did, and I was content that his pride was also helping him not give in to fear.
The marching slowed suddenly as the boys got nearer to their target. I watched with fascination as the leader of the pack had them all lie low in the sand, shuffling on their hands and knees until they were lined up on the crest of a large dune. Over the dune they peered down into a deeper sand valley where two tents sat about three feet apart. A single man was sitting between them, his head nodding up and down as he dozed. Signals were given that I didn’t understand but I felt Henri and the other slowly creeping onto their knees and clutching their guns again. The objective was capture, not kill, but Henri kept his finger on the trigger all the same as he snaked down the side of the dune. 
One dark figure apprehended the sleeping guard first, knocking him out with the back of his rifle with a swift thud. He fell to the ground unconscious and the soldier began to restrain his hands behind his back. The others made a circle each around the two small tents, their guns trained on them from every angle. The captain of the squad was right opposite Henri as he cleared his throat loudly and kicked the tent before him.
“Come out with your hands up,” he ordered into the night, “We have you surrounded.”
But nothing happened. The captain poked his rifle deeper into the wall of the tent, but I could see there was nothing inside it to hit. It seemed strange that the Italians would leave a guard to watch over two empty tents. 
“It is we that have you surrounded, Englishman.”
Henri whirled on the spot to a voice behind him. From the top of the dune a row of black figures had appeared as if they had emerged from the night sky itself. Their faces were smeared with black paint, their uniforms abandoned for all black fatigues to make them look like mere shadows on the sand. They were armed with much large guns than Henri and the others, some of them had great tubular barrels resting on their shoulders.
“Drop your weapons.”
The same man who had spoken before ordered with his shadowy mouth. His accent was as thick as the dark beard all over his chin. 
“No,” said the captain from behind Henri.
A shot rang out from one of the black figures. Henri didn’t look around, but I heard a body crumple to the floor. He was frozen with fear, his gun falling limply from his arms as his breath caught repeatedly in his mouth like he couldn’t seize control of his lungs any more. The other men dropped their weapons too. The black crowd descended from the top of the dune to retrieve the guns, only to be replaced by another wave of heavily armed men who looked down on them from above. They were outnumbered at least two to one. 
When Henri was forced to turn by one of the Italians I saw the other villains dragging the poor captain’s body away. Even in the dark night I saw his glassy eyes, wide open and reflecting the tiny sliver of moonlight behind the clouds. His corpse was hauled past my vision slowly. I wanted to scream. Henri’s heart beat so fast it was humming as a soldier grabbed him and twisted his arms behind his back. I felt the sharp agony of the violent move as though it was my own body being wrenched into a helpless submission.
I’m still here Henri, I said in my best calming tone, They clearly don’t want to kill you, so just don’t make them angry. It’s going to be all right.
I couldn’t know that, of course, but Henri’s breathing came back to normal all the same at my words. He watched tensely as the other men were being jostled about, the Italians forcing them into a huddle in the darkness where they could keep control of them all. I hoped that this enemy was a civil one, that if Henri was to be taken by them he might just end up locked away like Ieuan. It wasn’t a great prospect, but it was a good deal better than death. 
Everything went wrong so quickly that I didn’t have time to register it all at once. A scuffle started with one of our boys at the edge of the huddle, he managed to break out and kick the nearest Iti in the gut, sending him flying into the tent where he became tangled in the crumpled mess of canvas. Shooting broke out and the cluster of men began to scatter. Henri struggled against his captor until they both fell over the body of the unconscious guard that the poor dead captain had knocked out, but Henri got out of it first and scrambled to grab hold of the Italian’s gun before he could get it back.
“Run man, run!”
Bickerstaff’s voice carried over the din of the guns. He grabbed Henri by the elbow and pulled him down against a steep dune where the Italians couldn’t aim, then they streaked out in the valley until it rose back onto the steady plane that would take them back to base. 
Keep running, I pressed deep into Henri’s mind, don’t think, just keep running.
There was no time even for fear; the two men were at the forefront of the other Desert Rats as they all bolted back towards the distant promise of safety on the dark horizon. Half the Italians were giving chase when Henri glanced back; the others with the larger guns were taking up positions to fire from farther away. Every thump Henri’s boots made into the sand sent a jarring pain into each rattling bone of his body; I ached as he carried us on through the random deadly bullets that were being fired wildly by the pursuers. 
A huge boom broke the sound of heavy breaths and tiny bullets and someone cried out not far behind Henri. He stopped running and turned, other men flying past him as one of the Desert Rats lay bleeding on the ground. The clouds had cleared to shed more moonlight on the scene: his foot was bloodied and he lay in shock where something much larger than a bullet had hit him. Henri looked up to see the pack of Iti’s catching him up, then raced forward to help yanking the shocked fellow to his feet.
“You’re an idiot Haugen!” Bickerstaff shouted as he came to take the man’s other side. He too had turned back at the injured chap’s cry.
“What does that make you?” Henri replied, his usually rich voice wild and terrified.
They pulled the injured man on until he came to his senses and though his foot was leaving a trail of blood, eventually they were all running again. Except now they were at the back of the pack. Another boom hit out, firing a shell that thankfully didn’t find them, but when its echo died out I could hear the grunts and foreign shouts of the Italians closing in behind them. Then it happened, the horror, the thing I was wishing against with every bit of strength I had.
A hand grabbed the back of Henri’s uniform. He struggled to break free but he was pulled to the ground, a mighty hand gripped hard over his mouth so he couldn’t even cry out for help. The man with the crippled foot went charging on ahead of him, the rest of the escapees were already lost to the dark night. But Bickerstaff was looking back. He hauled himself around and started running back towards danger, towards Henri. He had no gun, no way to tackle the man now pulling Henri back up to his feet, just a grimace like a bulldog and a will like steel in his eyes. 
Another boom deafened us all; a wind flew past where Henri and his new captor stood. The moonlight caught Bickerstaff’s outline as the shell whizzed straight towards him. Everything was strangely slow as Henri’s wide; disbelieving stare let me take in the whole gory scene. Bickerstaff tried to leap away from the shell, but the blur of speeding metal was faster than he was. Thanks to his leap it found its mark not in his chest, but in his shin. His leg came away from his body like some great invisible child had snapped the limb off at the knee. I watched in silent horror as what had been his calf and foot flew out into the darkness. He screamed out in agony, dropping to the ground, reaching out towards Henri desperately.
Henri was trying to shout, biting into the hand that blocked his mouth, but the man who held him now wore thick leather gloves. He pulled Henri’s body securely against his, but both of them looked up sharply as a set of shining lights suddenly flashed into life in the dark night. A truck. And then another. British Army vehicles, driving towards the Iti’s at full pelt. The one who had Henri threw him up over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift, finally releasing Henri’s mouth for him to cry out for aid. The Italians took off running as the trucks got closer to where Bickerstaff lay, but he was out of focus with the way Henri was banging back and forth against his captor’s back. 
“Henri!”
The doctor shouted, but he could do little more. One of the trucks had stopped beside him but the other was still pursuing the pack of Italians. Henri bashed hard against the back of the one carrying him, trying to reach anywhere he could to batter him, weaken him somehow so that he would be let go. The Italian shouted something in his own language and after a few seconds Henri’s eyes showed me someone else coming into view. The wicked leader with the dark beard had jogged back to the rear of his men, and with a hard thump on the back of Henri’s head; I lost sight of everything going on.
When I returned to my bed, sweating and panting, I knew there was no point going back yet. They had knocked him unconscious, but perhaps the army truck would catch up with them yet. All the images of the carnage in the night flooded my mind, I held my head tightly to try and push them away. The cold dead eyes of the captain and his crumpled body. The trail of blood from the soldier’s foot as he ran on through the sand. Bickerstaff. The way his leg had come away like a loose part. His deafening scream. Henri’s fear. The aggressor’s iron grip, the leather gloved hands he had bitten into in desperation. The cruel, smiling face of the Iti leader as he brought down his fist to make everything black.
I was crying, screaming, tearing off my splints and throwing myself out of the bed to be sick. The sight of it all burned into the back of my eyes, my body shivered with the strain of racing unaided to the basin, everything was too much. I collapsed onto the ground with a hard crack to my back, crying out and sobbing loudly as my limbs bent under me. My fears for Henri’s safety made me shake all over, and now I wished I didn’t know what I knew. Until he came to I would be haunted, not knowing if he’d been recovered or thrown into the hands of the enemy for good. 
The whole household was alerted to my terrified sobs, but nobody could help me to calm down. I shook uncontrollably as Idrys and Mam got me back into my bed, Leighton and Ness watched with terrified faces at the door. Most fearful of all was Blod, who sat beside me clinging to my hand. I had news, terrible news, and she knew it all too well. But Mam was fussing far too much to get rid of her; I couldn’t explain anything until she was gone. I wasn’t sure I could even make my mouth form the words yet. 
“It’s a night terror,” Idrys insisted, though his blue eyes gleaming with concern told me he was lying. 
Mam held me down as I shook and cried. Idrys and Blod left and returned almost instantly with a large bottle of something. Idrys poured a measure of yellow liquid into Blod’s shaking hands as she held the glass. She brought it to my lips, forcing the drink into my mouth. It was beastly, sour like glue and it burned my mouth all over. I tried to resist it but Blod pushed my head up and tipped the whole thing into my mouth. I had no choice but to gulp it down before it burned a hole through my head. As it settled in my stomach I gave a great lurch and after a moment my head flushed with dizziness. 
The ceiling melted like water above me and my eyes flickered shut, trying to contend with whatever that dose of liquid was doing to me. Every limb felt heavy, like they didn’t belong to me anymore. I tried to speak but my mouth was a limp, slurring mess. I needed to stay awake; I needed to get calm, to tell Blod and Idrys what had happened. I needed to be there when Henri woke up. 
But now, like him, my world was fading into inescapable blackness. Pain surged though me like a knife had cleaved my heart open and slowly, but gratefully, I gave in to the urge to fade away.


When I awoke I had a pounding headache. Someone had put a cold cloth on my brow that flopped down into my lap when I managed to haul myself up. Though my head was raging like a brass band conducted by the Devil himself, I started to push off the tight covers where I’d been tucked in, looking around for my crutches and clothes. It was time to find Blod; she had to know what had happened to Bickerstaff. At first I was relieved that the Army truck had picked him up, thinking that meant that he’d be fine, but slowly the thought of Cooper dying a painful death from infection had crept into my thoughts. The doctor himself had said it would’ve been better to leave him for the Iti’s to shoot. I coughed with a horrible bitterness in my throat, clutching it as I shuffled gradually towards the edge of the bed.
Where do you think you’re going, young lady?
Instinctively I looked around, but I already knew the voice was not in the room.
“Mum?”
Get back in your bed this instant.
Being on the receiving end of psychic words was not something I’d ever thought about experiencing. I knew of course that most teenagers had their mothers’ voices in the back of their minds telling them what to do, but this was taking the concept a bit far. I sat back against the headboard of the bed, letting my head fall against the wall above it with a dull thump. Pain surged from the point of impact.
“Aren’t you worried you’ll give me a fever?” I asked, checking my hands quickly for any signs of the salmon pink rash. I loosened the collar of my nightie, feeling slightly warm.
I’d do a damn sight more than that if I was there with you right now! Mum was fuming; every frantic intonation in her voice came through loud and clear. I told you to stay away and what did you do?
I knew exactly what I’d done, so I bit my lip and ignored her question. 
“How do you even know I’ve been using my powers?” I demanded.
Because I was fast asleep last night, minding my own business, when suddenly I was in the head of a crying, screaming sixteen year old who wouldn’t stop raving about the war. Can you guess who that might have been Kit?
Mum’s voice started out in the same angry boom, but gradually I could hear it breaking down into sobs. I had done exactly what she didn’t want me to do, seen things that would burn themselves permanently into the back of my mind for the rest of my life. But though those horrid sights were making my insides squirm even as I sat listening to her words, I knew already that I wouldn’t regret them. Now that the shock had passed, I was all the more intent on doing what I could to end the senseless carnage I had seen.
“Henri told me once that there are two kinds of people in war,” I said, looking down at my hands as they balled into weak fists, “People who run away from the truth of what’s happening and people who want to make a stand and make things stop.” I steeled myself against the heat rising up the back of my neck. “I know which one I am now.”
I don’t care what you think you know, my mother replied, I care about keeping you safe. 
“What I think I know?” I answered, enraged. Tiny beads of sweat collected at my hairline. “What I thought I knew was that my mother and father were normal people who didn’t lie to their children!”
There was silence for quite a while, but I knew by the growing heat across my forehead that Mum was still with me. I put the cold cloth back on my brow to try and fend her off. 
“Look Mum, people I care about are in real trouble right now,” I snapped, “There’s no way I’m not going help them.”
I’m afraid you’re wrong there, sweetheart, Mum answered sadly.
I raised a weak hand to adjust the cloth, only to find that my old pink rash had formed in the crook of my elbow. I watched as it spread, starting to pant as my mouth ran dry. 
“No please!” I cried, “Please don’t! It’s not fair. You’re making me ill, Mum!”
I’m sorry darling, she whispered, and it actually sounded like she was, which made what she was doing all the worse. I’ll try to help Henri for you if I can, but I have to keep you out of the way for now.
My vision grew cloudy as I threw off my covers to see my legs. A salmon coloured blotch the size of a dustbin lid had wrapped itself around one of my knees. I couldn’t move; I sat there staring at my leg as my damp neck grew weary of holding up my head. I was going again, back to the blackness, for how long only God knew. And possibly my mother.
“I won’t forgive you,” I murmured, my teeth sticking to my top lip as I fought to speak, “If someone bad happens to Henri, I won’t-”
I’m sorry, Mum said again, but I have my orders.
I tried desperately to say ‘Who from?’, but there was a surge of heat in my face. My body slumped over against my will and soon-after I was gone.

***

Though I didn’t hear Mum’s voice again, the fever plagued me for over a week, which told me she had found a way to stop me from using my powers, however unfair it was. When Mam was in the room I felt clear headed and almost well, but any time that Blod or Idrys came to check on me I almost always went under the fever’s heated grip before I could answer anything more than their first question. I started trying to pass quick bits of the story to them before the fever could take me down, but I wasn’t sure if they were getting through.
“Bickers…” I slurred, my eyes half closed, “S’okay.”
Blod pressed me for more, but I couldn’t reply. 
My days in the sickbed were degrading at best after all the progress I had made. I shuddered to think how weak I would be when Mum finally allowed me to come to again, if indeed she didn’t keep me raging like this until the end of the war. The rash gave me sore skin, Mam said she even thought it had got inside my throat and my fluctuating temperature meant that my head spun every time I even adjusted it on my pillow.
But most disturbing of all were my dreams. I knew, sometimes, that when I was half asleep I stepped into other people’s heads by accident, but in the delirium of the fever I couldn’t be sure that anything I saw between my waking moments was real. I thought that Blod was crying in her room at night, which might have been real, but I also had visions of a grim grey place where someone in horrific pain was biting so hard on their lip that they cracked it open. I could taste the blood when I woke. I saw the dark black tunnels under the POW camp, felt the cramped little walls closing in until I screamed myself awake, terrified that they were going to bury me there before I could get out. I dreamt of lying flat and being told not to move whilst the floor beneath me bobbed to and fro like I was riding a huge wave. I dreamt of people in a dimly lit café talking in a foreign tongue.
And I dreamt of running. There was so much running, day and night, a speed so fast that the buildings, fields and forests around me were nothing but colourful blurs. Aching lungs sagged like they were filling slowly with sand, but I kept on running, wild eyes searching in the blur for the next direction to take. A strong, hammering heart raged in my chest, thumping loud in my ears every time I stopped to hide. The hiding was never for long before I took off again, seeking the next target. When I woke from the running I could never remember enough; I lay frustrated and crying day after day.
Until the fever just stopped. It was night time when I opened my eyes and felt that the pounding in my head had finally abated. I sat up immediately, my limbs floppy and raw as they were finally able to obey my wishes. I didn’t have the strength for anything more, so I cupped my freezing cold hands to my face to call out for help. For the first time I noticed that the nipping frost of winter had set in on the dark windows, when I shouted out my breath followed in a stream of condensation.
It was Blod who heard me first; she burst into the room clutching a long letter on bright white paper. I smiled at her weakly and her sparkling eyes lit up. She rushed to sit down beside me on the bed and flapped the letter at me with a fearful, nervy smile. 
“He’s home,” she said in barely more than a whisper, “This just got yur. Mam said he don’t have any family, see, so they wrote to us after they asked him.”
I didn’t quite follow her, but I nodded all the same, reaching limply for the letter. She held it up for me to read, her hand quivering so much it took me ages to make out the words. Steven Bickerstaff was in a military hospital in Llandudno, which was about as far north as you could go in wales without falling into the sea. He was recovering from undisclosed injuries and the doctors needed someone to bring him home to the village. 
“I didn’t know he didn’t have any family,” I said sadly.
“Neither did I,” Blod answered, taking the letter back to read it again. Her eyes drank in the words and a wicked jealous moment hit me where I wished it was Henri coming home instead.
But then the scenes from the night in Africa replaced my selfish wish, I saw Bickerstaff’s silhouette illuminated by the light of the oncoming trucks, the gut wrenching sight of the remains of his leg flying yards away from his body. I could still hear him screaming. I looked at Blod again. Undisclosed injuries, the letter had said. She didn’t know what had happened to him. 
“Mam says we have to pull together and help him,” Blod said with almost a giggle, “No complaints here of course.” She hugged the letter to her chest and gave me a secretive little look. “I’ve missed his surly, rotten face so much, you know.”
I couldn’t help but smile. “Don’t phrase it like that when you see him,” I advised.

***

I made a few difficult decisions between my first moment of feeling well again and the time that we got on the train to Llandudno. The first decision was not to go looking for Henri. Mum had perhaps decided that I had learned my lesson about staying out of the war and I hadn’t felt hot or headachy at all since the fever had left me, so I had a feeling it wasn’t a good idea to go looking for him right away, no matter how desperately I wanted to. The other thing that helped me resist temptation was the prospect of being allowed to go to the hospital with Mam and Blod to bring Bickerstaff home. Having seen what the poor man had been through, it seemed selfish to risk putting myself back in a sickbed when I should’ve been there to help him. 
The other decision was to tell Blod what had happened to Bickerstaff. At first I hadn’t said a word, but she was so excited to see him that I knew she’d think I’d betrayed her if I didn’t tell her he was missing half a leg. Our friendship had never felt particularly secure and we’d only really come together once I’d offered to use my powers to help her. Besides which it was only right that she knew what she’d be getting herself into if she went to Llandudno ready to shower the bad tempered solider with affection. He had surely been through hell in the last ten days and even being back in Blighty couldn’t solve the problems he now had. 
The hospital was what I had expected, a proper sterile space with that cold, clammy feel to it like rainclouds were forming overhead. It was absurdly busy; every corridor was full of people chattering away in English and Welsh, sometimes at the same time. I saw flashes of men in uniform, some visitors and some patients and several outside courtyards where men in pyjamas were gathered in clouds of cigarette smoke, their faces grim as they nodded to one another in hushed tones. When we reached the section we had been guided to there was a pretty nurse at a desk who gave Mam a pile of forms to look over before Bickerstaff could be released. 
“While you do that, shall we go in and let him know we’re here Mam?” I asked as Mam sat down with the paperwork, a puzzled look on her rosy face.
“I s’pose so,” she muttered, leafing through the pages, “This might take a bit of time.”
Blod beamed at me, helping me out of my chair and onto my crutches. She grabbed the green grapes that Mam had paid a fortune for and led me off into the ward. I was smiling too until we crossed through the double doors, when a tidal wave of sadness seemed to hit us without warning. Faint cries came from behind screened sections as we passed the first few beds. A young woman passed us in silent tears. The men that were in full view were an atrocious sight, their once youthful faces marred by scars and burns. They had casts and splints and great metal contraptions that seemed to be holding their injured bodies together; one even had bandages all over his face. I feared what might have been underneath. 
I spotted Bickerstaff at the very end of the ward by virtue of the fact that he once again had his nose in a file. I noted the empty tray at the end of his bed and supposed it was probably his own file that he was analysing. Typical. The ward was far too noisy for him to hear us coming, even with Blod clicking along in her best heels and me clunking my huge heavy crutches all the way down the perfectly clean path. He was in plain white pyjamas with the covers pulled up to his chest and as we got closer I saw once again the huge scar that marred one side of his face where the Iti blade had slashed him. All the same he looked rather well compared to the other men suffering around him, it was no wonder that they wanted to pack him off home.
“Oi,” Blod said once we were at the foot of his bed.
Bickerstaff’s blonde head shot up at the sound of her voice. His mouth dropped open a little and let his file fall into his lap. His eyes flashed to me briefly before they settled completely on Blod. 
“I,” he stuttered, “I thought Idrys might come.”
“You’re stuck with us and Mam to get you home on the train,” I informed him.
He was still staring wide-eyed at Blod. “That’ll do, I suppose.” His scarred face expanded into a sheepish grin before he gulped nervously.
Blod pushed the grapes at me, which I barely caught without dropping my crutches, then rushed to sit beside him on his bed and threw her arms almost violently around his neck. Bickerstaff reached out and hugged her to him, looking at me awkwardly and then out into the ward.
“Steady on,” he said quietly, “What if your mother comes in?”
Blod mumbled something about Mam against Bickerstaff’s neck that I thought sounded extremely offensive. I ambled over and dumped the doctor’s grapes on his bedside table, waiting until Blod released him from her grip. When she came away there were tears collecting in her eyes. Bickerstaff wiped them away with his thumb, looking to me with a frown.
“You won’t know about Henri,” he said in a breathy tone.
“Did they recover him from the Italians?”
Bickerstaff’s mouth dropped open again, his blonde eyebrows dropping to frame the confusion in his eyes. 
“No, they got away,” he said in disbelief, “How do you-?”
“But they haven’t found a body? There’s been no news of him since the ambush?”
I didn’t care what he thought of me or how suspicious he would be. Mum might have been able to stop my mind going to Henri’s, but she couldn’t prevent me asking these kinds of questions in person. Bickerstaff looked at me like I had three heads, but he replied all the same.
“Nothing,” he said, shaking his head, “I think if they’d killed him we might have had a body back to bury. That particular team had a penchant for that sort of thing.”
I thought carefully. “They sent Carter back to you?” I asked.
At the mention of his fallen ally Bickerstaff dropped his head. “What was left of him,” he muttered. As he spoke Blod’s hand snaked across the bed to hold his. He clutched it tightly, giving her a small smile before he looked back to me. “How do you know all this?”
“I’ll let Blod explain it to you when we get home,” I replied, content at least that there was a fair chance Henri was alive. Where he was alive was now the problem. I found my eyes travelling down the bed to where one solitary foot was poking out of the covers. “You don’t have to explain what happened to you, either,” I added gently.
Blod’s hand moved out of Bickerstaff’s grip and touched his knee under the hospital blankets. “Mam doesn’t know anything, as usual,” Blod explained, “So we’ll keep it that way, and you’ll have to explain to her about your leg when she comes in.”
“But you know?” he asked, his face young and helpless. Blod leaned in and planted the tiniest kiss on his lips. Bickerstaff straightened up and took a deep breath, looking down at his hands. “In that case, it’s a good job I taught you to walk, Kit. I’ll be needing that chair of yours now.”


I was both put out and extremely pleased to be told I’d be sleeping in Ieuan’s room from now on. Knowing that the young RAF officer was alive and well in Toulouse had taken away the creepy atmosphere of his little room; it now felt as though I was keeping it tidy for him until he came home. It was also the room that Henri had used for the few weeks he’d stayed here, which was usually comforting, but sometimes very sad when I thought about the threat hanging over my head if I tried to contact him again. I was also daunted by the prospect of tackling the stairs every day, but Idrys promised he’d carry me if things ever got really bad again. 
Leighton loved the idea that I was upstairs again, in London we had always had rooms next door to one another and now we were back to that arrangement. I, in truth, had been avoiding my little brother for fear that Mum was sitting in his head keeping watch on me, but now that I wasn’t using my gift I thought it couldn’t hurt to be around him again. I let him help me move my clothes and things upstairs to make Clive’s old sitting room look as little as possible like a teenage girl had been living in it before Bickerstaff wheeled himself in to inspect his new quarters.
“I can’t understand why he sold his house,” Mam said one morning before the doctor was up and about. 
She was sitting at the table with Idrys and me as we cradled cups of steaming tea against the cold November wind that was cascading through every crack in the doors and windows of the little farm house. 
“I don’t think he thought he’d be coming home,” Idrys supposed. I knew he was right but I said nothing. 
“Poor soul,” Mam said, looking down at the table, “He’ll have to start all over again now. New house and everything.”
“Does that mean he’s out of the war for good?” I asked. 
“I spect the home guard will give him a clerical job if he wants it,” Idrys mused, “I can’t see him going back into medicine after what he’s been through.”
Blod entered the kitchen quietly, apparently surprised to find us all sitting there so early in the morning. She went to the sink to fill a glass of water. 
“What you up to, love?” Idrys questioned, giving her a careful eye.
“Steven wants some water,” she muttered, her cheeks flushed pink. She disappeared again swiftly, the glass dripping as she went.
“She’s been ever so good with him,” Mam said proudly.
“’Course she has,” Idrys added with a wry smirk, “He’s still a handsome devil even with that godawful scar down his face.”
“Don’t be daft,” Mam said quickly, but in the silence that followed I could see her mind turning things over behind her glassy blue eyes. 
It was true that Blod had suddenly engaged in a life-changing transformation to take on the role of dutiful nursemaid but it didn’t seem to be achieving the effect she desired. Bickerstaff was more miserable than ever. Most days he wheeled himself outside despite the icy fingers of winter that were slowly getting a grip on Ty Gwyn and sat contemplating the pasture until someone came to bother him. The young doctor continued to dress in his old smart suits, one trouser leg hanging down limply from the front of the wheelchair, a great gaping hollow where his foot ought to be. 
The kitchen was beastly hot where Mam was making dinner and I was too tired to brave the stairs to retreat to my room, so I hauled outside on my crutches intending to limp off in the opposite direction to the moody physician. But something caught my eye, specifically the arms and legs of a certain rag doll being waved in his face. Bickerstaff had his back to me in his chair, but as I approached I could see Ness standing in front of him talking his head off, Dolly flying in all directions as she used her to punctuate her speech.
“But Mam says I can’t have a house for Dolly ‘til I’m five,” she was explaining, “Bampi’s going to build it, but he wants to build me a farm.”
She crinkled her nose up at the notion.
“You don’t want a farm,” Bickerstaff said thoughtfully, “Dolly needs a proper house with carpet and curtains and windows.”
“Ie!” Ness said, bouncing on her heels. “Could you build it instead of Bampi?”
“We’ll see,” the doctor replied.
My crutch hit a heavy stone and alerted them both that I was nearby. Bickerstaff struggled to wheel around on the small cobbles with Ness attempting to push the side of his chair to help. What she was actually doing was pushing the side of the chair into Bickerstaff’s side, but he didn’t tell her off. 
“Afternoon,” he said, inclining his head a little. I did the same. He looked me over with a thoughtful frown. “Quite the reversal, this,” he added, sweeping a hand over what used to be my chair, “Are you having any problems just being on the aids all the time?”
“I have to sit down a lot,” I replied, wary that he seemed to have reverted to his surly doctor mood for the moment, “But actually it’s quite good. I didn’t know I had the strength until I was forced to do it.”
Half a sad smile pushed one side of his lip up. “It’s like that with a lot of things,” he mused. 
“Are you going to try that fake leg the hospital sent you?”
Bickerstaff looked away. “I’m not sure.” A chilly wind whipped up around us and Bickerstaff turned to Ness, patting her gently on her crown. “Go inside for a bit and warm up.”
She took his gentle words with a nod and scampered off down the cobbles, falling over once on the way. We both made to go after her but Ness was a tough little thing, she picked herself up, giggled and ran off back into the house. 
“I’ve been thinking about this gift of yours, Kit.”
Bickerstaff had been with us for almost a week and he’d said nothing thus far about what I could do. I’d almost started to think that Blod hadn’t told him. 
“You could see into the ambush in Africa?” he asked. I nodded, swallowing back the images that threatened to flood my head. “Were you in my head or Henri’s?”
“Henri’s,” I answered quickly. 
Bickerstaff looked down at the hollow trouser leg now flapping in the wintery breeze. He caught it and tucked it up under his leg. 
“Then you saw…” he began, but then fell into silence. I could imagine how hard it was to find the words, to actually say “You saw me get my leg blown off”, when it was you that had to sit there looking at the empty space where your own foot should be.
I just nodded again. Bickerstaff sighed.
“Well there’s one good thing that’s come out of it,” I said shakily. He raised a quizzical blonde brow at me. “You and Blod,” I explained.
He sighed again, his features soft but still ultimately moody, then shook his head.
“I don’t think that’s going to work out very well,” he muttered.
“Why not?” I exclaimed, thinking of all the trouble Blod had put me to, keeping watch on him across continents. “Don’t you love her?”
Bickerstaff gave me a brief angry look like the one he frequently gave Henri when he was about to tell him to mind his own business, but then it fell away.
“I do, but it’s not as simple as that.”
“It should be,” I insisted.
“You see, you’re exactly like her,” he complained, waving a hand at me, “All women most likely. She has this great romantic idea that she can take care of me, but she hasn’t thought about the reality of it.” He hung his head down, rubbing at his temple. “At the end of the day, if she marries me, she’d be married to half a man.”
I couldn’t stand his defeatist attitude any longer. He had been wrong about me, wrong about Henri and about the war, and he was most certainly wrong about this too. 
“Better to have half the right man than the whole of the wrong man,” I supposed. 
He caught the judgemental sort of look I was giving him and started to wheel away. I was terribly pleased when I caught up to him despite the crutches and the cobbles.
“God I wish I hadn’t agreed to help you sometimes,” he muttered, trying to get to the door. I blocked his path with a well-timed crutch that hit his shin. 
“Well you did,” I answered, “And now I’m going to help you. And unlike you, I’m going to try and be fairly human about it.”

***

Blod didn’t like the thought of being shut out of what the doctor and I were doing, but she eventually agreed to give Bickerstaff some time un-nursed and we retreated to the dark little sitting room at the front of the house. The fake leg, which he insisted on calling a prosthesis, was mostly made of wood but it had some clever joints in the ankles and where the arches of the foot should be that shone silver. The proud doctor made me look away when he attached the thing to the stump at his knee and when I looked back he’d let his long trouser leg come down so that only the dark brown wood of the foot was showing. Once I’d put a sock and shoe on it for him, you would hardly have known the leg was false at all.
That was, until he started trying to use it. We had to be careful when he tried to walk because there was no way I’d be able to pick him up if he fell and that last thing he wanted to do was have anyone in the Price family see him flat on his face on the floor. I secretly thought it might serve him right after all the times it had happened to me under his guidance, but since I was trying to be the bigger person I kept my mouth shut. I sat on the old sofa whilst he borrowed my crutches for balance, finding that with just one aid under his left arm he could manage quite well. 
“I’ll call the place in Cardiff where they made yours,” he said, the first true smile on his face in weeks, “He’s a friend from medical school, I’m sure he’d do me one outside of the practice.”
“Blod would hardly have to do anything for you,” I observed, returning the grin, “All I’ve done is passed you the crutch.”
“You’ve done quite a bit more than that,” he said, turning away again to try another lap of the room. 
Pride settled in my chest. It was perhaps the first good thing I’d ever done without using my powers; it gave me a funny sort of satisfaction to think that I had value beyond them. Bickerstaff was almost laughing as he rounded the room quite quickly. He had a clunky sort of walk, but he was spritely and bright compared to the forlorn figure sitting out in the winter wind a few days ago.
“So what do you think then?” I pressed, taking advantage of his rare good mood, “About you and Blod?”
He spun on his good leg and leant on the crutch, looking down at his feet. Then slowly he nodded and gave me a tiny smile.
“Well,” he mused, “it’s certainly going to put a new spin on ‘going down on one knee’.” 

***

I knew the proposal had happened by the high pitched squeal that echoed through Ty Gwyn after breakfast one morning. I was upstairs when I felt the vibrations of Blod’s heels trampling all over the house to make sure that everyone had heard the good news. By that point of course no-one was really surprised, especially considering she’d been giving every spare second of her day to him for almost three weeks. For his part Bickerstaff managed to keep a smile on his face for nearly the whole day before I caught him returning to his pensive and moody self just after dinner. He had a long chat with Idrys that night; they were still in the small sitting room when I struggled up the steep stairs to bed.
I hadn’t thought about eavesdropping with my powers in quite a long time, it was as though being restricted from them now made things like that seem frivolous, selfish even. When I settled into my borrowed bed I thought sadly of Henri. Mum had promised to try and look after him, but what if she hadn’t succeeded? Was I supposed to go on living this normal life, ignoring the abilities I had to help and comfort him, and if so until when? The end of the war? It had been a month since I’d used my powers last, when Henri and Bickerstaff were still in the desert heat of Africa. What on earth would Henri think of me for abandoning him for so long? Would he even forgive me?
I reasoned sadly that he probably wouldn’t. But either way, it was time to try and find out.


I decided to try Ieuan first since he probably wasn’t quite as punishable an offence as looking for Henri or my father, if indeed I were to get caught. The advantage of now being upstairs was that all the bedrooms had bolts on the inside of the doors, so I feigned tiredness the day after the marriage proposal and shut myself away for the morning. Leighton was at school, so I hoped there was little chance of Mum stopping by to see what I was up to. I had been very good this month, after all, and done exactly as I was told. Until now.
I found Ieuan sitting at a table in one of the bunk houses of the POW camp; they were having one of their strategy meetings, which usually ended in arguments about who was to blame for the latest tunnel collapse. But this time there was a different atmosphere between the men in their old uniforms that they had been wearing for months on end. There was no belligerence between them. They seemed hopeful. Ieuan sat across from a man who was usually only referred to as Wing Commander, today he was giving his men a satisfied smile.
“This could be it boys,” he said in a proud Scottish boom, “our salvation has come.”
The WC pulled a crumpled square of paper from a hidden fold inside the lapel of his tattered uniform. It was a tiny sheet with miniscule writing upon it. He showed it around, I felt Ieuan leaning forward eagerly at the mere sight of it.
“The Gaullists are working to free us,” he explained, producing a pair of spectacles to inspect the tiny print on the paper, “of course their tunnels will be much sturdier than ours, they’ve got the materials.”
“Another tunnel?” someone questioned behind Ieuan. Everyone shushed him.
“Yes,” the WC answered with gritted teeth, “but as I say, a much better one. It leads out into a village quite a way from here. All we have to do is dig due north to try and meet it. It comes out here two days from now if they keep up their speed.”
Ieuan filled with excited nerves, but I could feel myself frowning. This was no doomed attempt; this was a proper, full-blown escape. If he made it out of the camp and into the rest of France, the consequences of breaking out would be severe. Idrys had maintained that it was sensible for him to stay put, but here these gents were, risking their safety to get home and start fighting all over again. The men in the camp reached an agreement that they would all help to find the entrance to the new tunnel, but their smiling faces filled me with dread. 
I decided not to tell Idrys anything that I had discovered yet; there was still every chance that the plans of the prisoners of war would change and therefore no need to worry him. He’d have enough trouble trying to reign in Mam and Blod now that they had a wedding to organise, after all. With the door to my room still locked I sucked up my strength for another trip, my heavy heart settling on Henri as I focused hard.
“You shouldn’t be here,” he whispered immediately.
How do you know that? I asked, a desperate relief spreading through my whole body.
“It’s for your own protection;” Henri answered angrily, “Gail says so.”
So Mum had found him after all. Henri was sitting in a dusty cupboard, his knees almost up to his chest. A book was open across them and he had a tiny torch which he settled between the pages, illuminating his ragged trousers and sore, calloused hands.
Where on earth are you? I asked.
“I can’t tell you anything yet,” he said sadly, “I’m trying to get home.”
And Mum’s helping you?
“Mum?” Henri asked. I felt his eyes flicker to the side as he thought. “Gail is… your mother?”
She didn’t tell you, I mused, of course she didn’t tell you. 
“Why did she keep it from me?” Henri whispered.
Because that’s what my family does, apparently. I felt the old resentment creeping into my head. What did she tell you about me?
“That the psychic trips were making you ill,” he said, “please don’t make yourself sick for me Kit, with any luck I’ll be home soon and-”
She’s lied to you, I interjected. Henri froze, I felt him rubbing his palms on his knees like he always did when his nerves were up. She was the one causing my fevers. She’s afraid of people finding out what I am, in case the government pick me up to work for the War Office like her.
“I suppose she’s trying to protect you,” he murmured. 
Don’t defend her, I insisted, seething inside. This wasn’t the time for his forgiving nature. And if she comes to talk to you, don’t tell her I’m back in your head. 
Henri nodded. “So you’re really not in any pain?”
No more than usual, I replied, I’m not even using my chair any more. Bickerstaff’s got it at the moment.
“He’s there?” I felt a rush of relief in Henri’s chest. He felt thinner than he had been, more frail somehow. “Thank God.”
Yes he’s fine. He and Blod are getting married.
“I don’t know which to feel more sorry for,” Henri whispered, half a laugh in his words. I laughed too, a warm smile overtaking my bitterness for my secret keeping family.
I’ve missed you.
“I should hope so,” Henri replied with a smile, “It would have been much easier to get back to Norway from here, the Resistance are struggling to arrange my passage to England.”
Where are you exactly? 
“Somewhere in France, I shouldn’t say more,” he answered, “Look, don’t be too hard on your mother, Kit. She has all kinds of contacts with the Free French; they rescued me when the Italians were transporting me to Egypt. Gail directed me to all these different safe houses until I could get to this restaurant. I ran miles every day from one to the next, avoiding the German patrols. I’ve been well looked after.”
The constant running in my feverish dreams suddenly made far more sense to me. I wasn’t sure I could forgive all of the secrets and lies my mother had told Henri and me, but she had kept her word to help him to safety and that was something I would always have to be grateful for. 
“I’ve missed your voice so much,” Henri said gently, “I... I love you still, you know.”
I love you too Henri.
I felt him tingle all over, a warm happiness rising in his cheeks. Then he gulped and something awkward twisted his expression.
“I think I might have told your mother some things I shouldn’t have,” he mumbled, “she asked about us. It’s quite embarrassing now that I think about it.”
I don’t care, I answered, if there’s one thing she can’t get in the way of, it’s me loving you.
“Even if I’ve been living in a cupboard for two weeks?” Henri asked with a chuckle. “I think I smell like the restaurant downstairs.”
Even so, I replied.
All my doubts about Henri’s feelings for me had melted. As much as I had missed him desperately, I hadn’t realised quite how much it meant to talk to him until now. My hands felt wet at home like tears were dripping onto them, but I forced my thoughts to stay with Henri and his warm, smiling lips.
How soon can you be home?
“A meeting is happening here tomorrow,” he explained, “They don’t usually tell me anything until it’s time to actually do something. But I’ve been invited to the meeting, so that’s a good sign I think.”
Perhaps I’ll drop by.
“Be careful,” Henri warned, “Gail might do the same thing.”
I will be careful, I promised, but it won’t stop me now. Nothing was going to stop me from seeing that Henri got home safe. 

***

I composed myself and washed my face after I finally let Henri go. We talked at length about nothing at all until I slowly realised it would be time for lunch at Ty Gwyn and tore myself away from the feel of his smile and sound of his laugh. The Free French were in the business of sending Allied forced home so that they could get back to fighting against the ever-encroaching Nazi threat, so by the time I left Henri I was almost certain that he’d be coming home sooner rather than later. All the same, one tiny doubt remained in my head, alerting me to the risks he’d have to take in order to cross the channel safely. 
Downstairs there was a huge commotion at the table as we all sat down to lunch. I had been clunking down the stairs and missed the beginning of it, but the middle was clear enough to catch what was going on.
“Next Friday?” Mam bellowed, “And how do you propose we get everything ready in seven days’ time?”
“I’ve done most of it already on the phone this morning,” Blod explained, “My old friends from school are coming tomorrow to fix up the dresses, Steven’s still got his best suit and he’s had a word with our preacher up at the chapel.”
“He took pity on me,” Bickerstaff said with a smile, but I couldn’t miss the bitter note in his words. 
“Don’t knock it boy,” Idrys replied with a warning finger, “you’ve had a hard time of it, take what you can while people are feeling generous.”
Mam and Blod were buzzing around the table laden with lunch foods as Idrys, Ness and I sat beside the doctor and started to tuck in. Bickerstaff didn’t seem to like Idrys’s advice much but he was respectfully quiet and gave the old farmer a nod. 
“But people won’t be able to travel up in time,” Mam protested, “Your Auntie Gert and-”
“Oh bugger them, I don’t want them yur anyway,” Blod said, waving her off. She brought Bickerstaff a cup of tea and kissed his scarred cheek gently. “Them aunties always cause trouble, nosey things. Besides which Thomas is already coming up on leave next weekend, and he’s the only one I really care about being there.”
“At least you don’t have to worry about my side,” Bickerstaff added with a laugh that nobody returned, trying to hide their pity for the man with no family ties.
“No friends from medical school or nothing?” Mam asked, giving him a kind smile. 
He shook his blonde head. “I’m sure they’re all frightfully busy with the war, I don’t expect they’d be free to make it even if it was six months away.”
Mam didn’t seem happy with that, she was clearly looking for backup to have more time to prepare for the big day. She caught my eye over the table and pointed a finger at me thoughtfully.
“That reminds me Kit I invited your mother,” she began, “I thought she might be too busy like, but she says she can make it. Isn’t that great?”
“Leighton will be thrilled,” I remarked, avoiding the question. I definitely wasn’t ready to see Mum again so soon and if she was here at Ty Gwyn there was no chance of checking on Henri. 
“Well everything’s all right then, isn’t it?” Blod said triumphantly, “Bampi, you’ll have to take me out today to see about flowers.”
“Oh good,” Idrys answered, “I was hoping there’d be even more work to do today than usual.” 
Blod put her arms around his neck and gave him a big kiss on the cheek before strutting out of the room. Idrys watched her go, rolling his eyes.
“Bloody women eh?” he remarked to Bickerstaff.
“Don’t get me started,” the doctor replied. 
I huffed at both of them, but they were actually right about Blod, if not women in general. All Bickerstaff had done was ask the big question, now his very life was in Blod’s hands. All in all he didn’t seem to mind, in fact his bad moods were lifting more quickly than they used to, giving way to more frequent happy moments as well as some very thoughtful ones where he let Ness talk his head off about everything under the sun.
After lunch the men cleared out of the room slowly, leaving me with Mam and Ness. I propped myself up at the sink to dry the cups and plates as she washed them, watching her rosy face as she focused her eyes out of the window on the frosty winter scene in the distance.
“I bet it’ll be snowing by Friday,” she mused, “Blod won’t have thought of that.”
“I suppose you have to let them do it their way,” I mused. Mam gave me a knowing nod.
“It’s funny how she’s come back round to him,” Mam said as she scrubbed out the butter tray, “I think he was about twenty five when he arrived yur, strapping young doctor from England, you know. All the girls were mad on him back then, Blod too. She talked on forever about his big blue eyes; oh I was sick of it!” She passed me the tray with a shrug. “And now yur we are, five years on and suddenly they’re in love. It’s a mad world, innit?”
“Very mad,” I agreed, thinking about all the mad things that Mam didn’t even know were going on. 
“She went off him for ages, said she hated him,” Mam continued, putting down her things and wiping her hands dry, “She’d never go to the doctor when she was your age, not even when-” She caught herself, looking at me carefully for a moment. “Well, not even when she really needed him. But he always came yur if we called him, you know? He’s been very good to our family.”
I dried the last of the dishes and sorted myself out, turning just in time for Ness to bump into my crutch. She rubbed her head for a moment before she started to smile again, looking up at us with her huge blue eyes. Mam picked her up, inspecting the place where she’d hit her head carefully.
“And what do you think of your sister getting married eh?” she asked, bouncing Ness in her warm arms.
“I like Steven,” Ness said with a grin, “He’s going to make me a house for Dolly.”
“Is he now?” Mam asked. Something changed in her usually peaceful face as she studied Ness again. 
“Why you looking at me?” Ness asked, suddenly wriggling to get away.
I realised all too late that Mam was putting the pieces together, looking at Ness’s face from every angle, scrutinizing her tawny hair, blonde at the ends, and her oval eyes the wrong shape for the Price gene pool. I watched wordlessly, unable to act because I shouldn’t have known anything, not even that Ness didn’t belong to Mam. The older woman set the little girl down and straightened out her apron.
“Look after her a minute Kit,” Mam began, her voice suddenly low, “I’m just going to have a chat with Steven.”


Whatever happened between Mam and Bickerstaff meant that they spent the rest of the day in separate rooms after their little chat. But the wedding hadn’t been cancelled and Bickerstaff hadn’t been strangled, so I thought that was probably about the best that we could have hoped for given the collection of secrets Blod had been keeping from her mother for the last five years. I was worried that Blod and her husband-to-be might have thought that I’d given the game away, but they were both so temperamental anyway that it was hard to tell if much had changed. I decided to put them out of my head the next day, leaving them to their frantic planning whilst I considered my options for checking on Henri.
His meeting was somewhere around one o’clock in France which would be twelve at Ty Gwyn. It was an awkward time for a Saturday, right when I’d be expected to help prepare and then eat lunch. I came to the conclusion I would have to beg off with a sore stomach after I’d eaten something, perhaps catching the end of the secret meeting or at the very least getting to Henri when it was all fresh in his mind to tell me what was going on. I had a feeling that everyone would want to make excuses to get away from the lunch table anyway today, the memory of the tension at breakfast did not promise a peaceful meal at midday. When the time came I was right and I was excused without anyone complaining, clunking up the stairs under the pretence of lying down in my room. I tried my best not to make my footfalls sound too eager on the echoing stone steps.
Henri was alone in a small back room filled with brown cupboards, sitting at a table where a huge black cat was stalking towards him. It’s fluffy face and curious eyes filled my vision for a moment as Henri’s smooth hand went out to tickle the cat under its chin. It curved its neck; I felt its soft fur pushing against Henri’s wrist as it came closer for more attention.
“Hi kitty, kitty,” Henri said.
Hello, I answered.
He laughed out loud, still fussing the cat. “You picked a good time,” he mused, “if someone comes in at least I can say I was talking to the cat.”
You’re not in the cupboard then?
Henri shook his head. “I’ve been told to wait. Someone’s coming to that window to take me… I don’t know. Somewhere new.”
As he spoke of the window he looked up from the cat to show it to me. A large pane framed in black was ajar, leading out into what appeared to be a back alley. 
No meeting then? I asked.
“I think this ‘someone’ is taking me to the meeting,” Henri explained.
Has my mum been to speak to you? He shook his head again. The cat watched him with interest, curling up under his touch.
“I stopped hearing from her a couple of days before you found me again,” he said quietly.
There was something troubling about the way he felt, like he was trying to withhold his feelings from me. His heart was beating faster than usual, but every muscle in his body was straining as if to stay forcibly calm.
Out with it, I demanded, you can’t hide from me Henri Haugen. What’s wrong?
He shook his head and let out a defeated sigh, removing his hands from the cat to run them through his mess of dark hair. It was then that I felt the feelings pour out, the nerves running up and down his spine, the heavy weight dragging down his lungs, making me feel like he was drawing laboured breaths up from his boots. 
“The Germans shot some people in the square this morning,” he said solemnly, “they were Resistance collaborators, like the people who are helping me here.” His throat ran dry at the words as he tried to go on. “I heard the shots.”
You’ll be out of there soon enough, I soothed, but I could feel the lump in my own throat choking my thoughts.
“If they catch me here, they’ll think I’m a spy,” he said, his hands starting to tremble. The cat became skittish, slowly backing away on the table. “Then I’ll go the same way.”
You’re leaving soon, Henri. I wanted so desperately to be there, to hold him and give him more comfort than just my hopeful words. This person, the meeting-
“But that’s just it,” Henri said, growing angrier, “this man who’s supposed to be on his way to take me. He’s a spy too.”
“I’ll thank you not to say that quite so loudly,” said a whispering voice from behind us. 
The voice was smooth and definitely English. Henri froze, looking at the window where he’d been expecting the man to appear. It was wide open; he had passed by totally unnoticed. I felt the hairs on the back of Henri’s neck rising up into the cold breeze now streaming in from the back alley. 
“Turn around then boy; let’s take a look at what the Gaullists have sent me.”
Henri gently rose from his chair, the cat making a dash for freedom out of the open window. It felt like Henri wanted to follow it; he fought to keep his legs from shaking as he turned around. The man who stood before him was tall and slim, his dark brown hair swept into a wave. He was suited all in black with a French moustache curling above his smiling lip. I let out a gasp. When Henri’s eyes found the smiling man’s face an explosion of emotions filled his chest. We both stared at the figure in shock for a few moments before Henri rushed forward, throwing himself into the fellow’s arms.
“Mr Bavistock?” he cried in disbelief, thumping the back of his old teacher as he wrapped an arm around his waist.
Henri, I murmured, my heart hardly beating. His name isn’t Bavistock.
Henri stepped back from the man’s embrace, taking him in again, listening hard to my strained, panicked voice.
That’s my father.
Dad looked thinner and older than when I had seen him last, but the sparkle in his brown eyes was the same as ever. He smiled at Henri a while longer, but soon raised a brow. He looked funny got up as a Frenchman, under different circumstances I might have laughed at his fancy collar and curly moustache. 
“Who were you talking to just now?” Dad asked, “I don’t think it was Gail?”
Pieces of my past were slowly starting to come together. Dad had been posing as a tutor in Norway, perhaps for a long time before the war had even started. He and Mum were both working for the government, and she had led Henri to him. Who better to help him escape than a British spy? I couldn’t quite get my head around the idea of my mild mannered parents doing all this despite the overwhelming evidence now staring me in the face.
Answer him, I told Henri, tell him I’m here.
Henri swallowed dryly. “It’s your daughter, Mr… Cavendish. I was talking to Kit.”
My father smiled, his shoulders dropping a little. “Is she still there?” 
Henri nodded. 
“In that case her mother did a damn fine job of keeping her out of the war, eh?”
Charming, I said to Henri, considering being so deeply involved in the war seems like a family tradition I’ve been missing out on.
“Pardon me sir,” Henri said, his heart recovering slowly from the shock of everything, “but your daughter is a smart girl, capable and resourceful.”
Dad came closer to Henri and clapped a hand on his shoulder warmly. “I always liked teaching you, Henri,” he mused, “you’re a respectful boy. I once thought you’d be a good match for Kit, actually. I suppose that’s where the phrase ‘be careful what you wish for’ comes from.”
He was certainly the man I remembered, no matter how strange he looked in foreign clothes. Dad was always rattling off old proverbs to Leigh and me whilst we rolled our eyes at each other or pretended to yawn. It was odd to see him speaking that way to Henri. They had a whole history I didn’t even know about, but I supposed that it was fortunate that they already knew and liked each other a great deal. I could feel his familiar hand on Henri’s shoulder like it was resting on my own, and no matter how bitter I’d once been about him leaving us all, I had missed him so much. 
“We’d best be moving off,” Dad said, retuning with a cat-like grace to the window. He stuck his head out and had a look around. “Kit, you can stay if you don’t distract Henri. I need him to focus, ready to do whatever I say if we get into a crisis.”
“She agrees,” Henri said before I could even reply. 
Walking the streets of the little French village was like watching a scene unfold at the cinema. There were a few Germans in uniform gathered on the street, my father doffed his hat to them and said something in faultless French as he and Henri passed them by. The bright grey stones were wet with tiny snowflakes that were falling and dissolving the moment they touched the ground. I noticed as we walked that Henri’s ragged trousers had been replaced for a smart suit and polished shoes. He looked as though he was some sort of junior version of Dad, trailing behind him a little as he suddenly weaved a path down a side street through some market sellers braving the icy winter air.
Eventually we reached a canvas truck that reminded me of the first time the Germans had arrived in Oslo. In the front was what looked like a German officer, but when my father brought Henri up to the window of the truck, the uniformed man put his window down and spoke with a Yorkshire accent.
“This the one George?” he whispered, looking from my father to Henri. He gave us all a kind smile. 
Dad nodded. “Let’s get to the meeting place, Cliff.”
“Ja mein Herr,” Cliff replied with a chuckle.
Both Dad and Henri looked around, checking the deserted little street before scurrying into the back of the canvas van. It was dark and murky, but Henri found a bench to sit on as Dad opened a flap that let in some light as well as Cliff’s voice. 
“Home James,” he joked.
“Yes milord,” Cliff answered.
“Are you still there Kit?” Dad asked, turning back to Henri in the semi-darkness. He nodded for both of us. “I might as well fill you in on the way. You’re going to help us with a little operation we’ve got going to free some other chaps, then we’ll pack you all off back to Blighty in a submarine. Sound good?”
“Getting back to Britain sounds good sir,” Henri answered. I could feel inside his body that he wasn’t so keen on the rest of the plan.
“We’ve been organising a big breakout in the POW camp a little north of here,” Dad explained, “so when the boys come out I’ll need you to help direct them into hiding until we meet the rendezvous for the submarine.”
Are we near Toulouse? I asked. Henri repeated my question to my father.
“Yes,” he said slowly, “What have you been up to Kit? What do you know?”
I told Henri about Ieuan Price and the Wing Commander and everything I could remember from sitting in on their meeting. Henri repeated it as best he could, though I seemed to be thinking the words a lot faster than he could say them. Dad listened to his stunted ramble carefully for the important bits. 
“My, my,” he said when the story was told, “you do get around my girl. But this is brilliant; we’ve been trying to get a psychic contact in that camp for weeks. You could help us! Ow!”
Dad suddenly held his hands up over his ears like something loud had happened, but the truck kept rolling along on the quiet road. He grumbled to himself as he rubbed at his head, suddenly holding his hands up.
“Okay, okay,” he said, looking back to Henri and me, “apparently your mother thinks that’s a very bad idea.”
Mum was there in his head. We three were all together for the strangest of reunions. 
Well tough, I said to Henri, I’ll be there whether you like it or not.
Henri chose not to repeat my words exactly. “Would it really be so dangerous for Kit to just pass a few messages?” he inquired. 
My father sat and listened quietly for a moment, then sighed. “She’s not a baby any more, Gail,” he reasoned. I could well imagine my mother’s heated replies going straight into his brain. “She was bound to come into this sooner or later, at least I’ll be there to guide her.”
There was more silence, then Dad slowly started to grin. He had always won the arguments at home too. He gave Henri and me the thumbs up, I could feel Henri smiling, his chest bathed in relief. 
Told you nothing would stop me, I whispered to him. His smile widened.
“Oi,” said my dad, pointing a finger at us, “no lovey-dovey talk while I’m sat here. This is serious business. You kids will have to do as you’re told if we’re going to make this op a success.”
“We will sir,” Henri answered for us both, “just tell us what to do.”
Dad nodded at something we couldn’t hear. “All right,” he said to Mum, “yes dear.” Then he turned to us, his dark eyes glowing in the dim interior of the truck. “We’ll be at the meeting point soon. The plan’s going to be mostly in French. Do you speak any?” I knew he was talking to Henri, who shook his head. “In that case you just watch and nod your head enthusiastically. I’ll translate it all for you two later on. Shall we say five o’clock Kit?”
I’ll be there, I promised. Henri repeated my words, still smiling.
“See you then,” said my father, winking as he gave me his old familiar grin.


I could hardly process how I felt when I returned to Ieuan’s room at Ty Gwyn. Everything in my world had collided in one big jumble, filling my head with all sorts of new ideas that didn’t marry well with the old ones. I had resented my father for more than two years for his abrupt departure, but now so much of his sudden leaving made sense that I couldn’t make peace with those old feelings of rage. What’s more he’d stood up for me, given me the chance to do what Mum was so desperate to keep me away from. Mum, I now realised, already had one person she loved exposed to the horrors of war every day of his life, I was starting to understand why she was afraid of me going the same way. 
I rushed onto my crutches and out of my room, intending to find Idrys and tell him the good news, when I found Leighton sitting alone at the top of the stairs. He had his head on his knees and a slump in his shoulders. I clonked my crutch to let him know I was there. When he turned to face me his looks were pale and confused. 
“Are you all right Leigh?” I asked. 
I wanted to sit down beside him on the top step but it was a little too ambitious a move. I had visions of toppling down the stone staircase and landing with a crunch at the bottom, so I settled for reaching down to pat his head before edging away again gingerly. Leighton took the hint and followed me back to my room, sitting down on the bed with me.
“Blod and Doctor B are snogging,” he said with a ghastly look on his face, “It’s disgusting.”
“I don’t want to know,” I laughed, patting his knee. “That’s not what’s upset you is it? I know the atmosphere’s a bit funny today, but everyone’s very busy with the wedding.” Not to mention the dam full of Price family secrets that was fit to burst and flood Ty Gwyn.
Leigh shook his head. He looked more thoughtful than I had ever seen him, usually my little brother was fairly empty-headed, concerned only with where and when his next meal was coming and how best to play and fill up the time until it was served. Today he looked pensive and a little sad. I hugged him to me and he wrapped his arm around my back.
“We’ll see Mum soon,” I offered, “You can have the day off school for the ceremony, you know.”
“That’ll be good,” he mumbled against my side. 
“What’s up?” I asked again, “You can tell me Leigh. I won’t be cross.”
He shook his head and pulled away. “I think I had a funny turn, that’s all. I feel better now.”
“It wasn’t a fever, was it?” I questioned warily, thinking of Mum and her little visits to his mind.
“No,” he said certainly. I breathed a sigh of relief. “It doesn’t matter.”
He got up to leave and gave me a smile, but it looked a little forced. I caught him by the wrist before he could escape.
“Tell me if you feel like that again,” I urged him, “Don’t keep it secret.”
“Course not,” he replied; smiling a bit more genuinely, “We don’t have secrets, apart from you thinking I don’t know that you kissed Henri. A lot.”
“You little git!” I shouted with a laugh, but he was already running away from me. 
I sat giggling on the bed until a guilty kind of sadness washed over me. We don’t have secrets, he had said. But I did. Big secrets. Tears threatened behind my eyes as I realised I was just like Mum and Dad, hiding everything from Leigh, pushing him out and ignoring him when I needed to. It was easy to do. Actually, it was so easy I hadn’t realised how I had lied to my brother every day of his little life, spied on him, even messed with his head when I was younger. I made a silent vow to myself that I would give Leighton the truth after the wedding, once Mum was away again and couldn’t interfere. He deserved to be prepared for the madness that awaited him in his future. 

***

The plot to help the escaping prisoners of war was simple and it would be highly effective if the whole thing came off according to plan. Dad had been taking it in shifts to dig out the sturdy tunnel with other members of the Free French Resistance, those who called themselves Gaullists because they believed in the political leader Charles De Gaulle. The tunnel was secured with wooden splints, poles, girders and anything else that had been donated to the cause by collaborating villagers. It began in the barn of a farm not too far from the camp itself, the place where Henri had been taken to the meeting, and in another day’s time it would connect with the underground attempts that had been made by the Wing Commander and his men under the floorboards of their bunk house. 
That was, if I did my part of the operation correctly. It had become my job to go to Ieuan and tell him that Dad and the Gaullists would be using a bird call underground to let them know when they were close to making the tunnels connect. That way the men in the camp would know which way to dig. The only real potential problem with the plan was if Ieuan didn’t believe the voice in his head. If I wasn’t convincing enough and he threw a fit or thought he was going mad, it might alert the German guards and the whole operation could go up in smoke. A tangible pressure lined the back of my throat, making me feel queasy at the prospect of being the sole reason that everything went wrong, but I agreed confidently to play my part in the plan.
The time came to do my part quite late the next evening. I found Ieuan sitting at a table with some of the other prisoners with a handful of playing cards that he wasn’t looking at. Occasionally one of the men threw a card down, but none of them appeared to be playing a proper game. They were all watching the clock above the door to their barracks and looking out at the silhouette of an armed soldier standing right outside their door. I had never seen the solider there before. Something was wrong. 
“Right chaps, lights out.” The Wing Commander was standing by a little brass switch. “Into bed until the evening inspection’s passed.”
The captured fighters moved as one, obediently throwing themselves into their beds. Ieuan wriggled out of his uniform under the covers and screwed up his trousers and jacket, shoving them into a pack that was waiting under the bed. The lights flickered off. All was still. I took my opportunity to begin.
Mam wouldn’t like you treating your clothes that way, Ieuan.
He jumped like most people did when they first heard my echoing tone in their mind. The fellow on the bunk above Ieuan’s told him to shush. He lay back down staring up at the underside of that bunk, but now every muscle in his body was pulled into tense knots, nerves trickled like an electric river up and down his sides. 
Don’t talk, just listen, or the others will think you’ve gone mad.
I felt him let out a tiny laugh. He clenched his fists.
I know, I know that this is strange. But don’t you know my voice? It’s Kit. I’m here in your room at Ty Gwyn.
Ieuan’s face was screwed up in thought; he rubbed his chin where I felt a layer of ginger fuzz had been growing. Suddenly the door to the pitch black bunk house opened and Ieuan closed his eyes, plunging us into further darkness. I heard a set of footsteps echoing around the beds, the familiar click of jackboots that I wished I didn’t recognise so well. 
Bloody Germans, I told Ieuan, but don’t worry. I know about the Resistance digging in to help you. I’m here to help too.
Being told not to worry didn’t seem to do anything calming for the body I was in. Ieuan had started to sweat, his heart forcing out rapid beats. The footsteps of the inspecting solider walked away again and soon after the door  closed. Ieuan opened his eyes again, now adjusted enough to the dark for me to make out other soldiers climbing silently out of their beds. Ieuan did the same, but his legs were now shaking as he put his bare feet into his boots and picked up his pack of clothes. 
Please don’t be scared, I tried in a calm tone, you’re not going mad. I’m the one with the strange abilities, not you. You’ll be fine after this. I’ll never put words in your head ever again, I swear. Okay?
He nodded a little in the darkness and I breathed a sigh of relief. 
“Price, you lead us in,” the WC said.
Ieuan gulped and saluted the superior man, then marched to the very rear corner of the bunk house where the opening to the concealed tunnel was. In the dark I could just make out that the other men had removed the floorboards in the space, leaving a gaping pit below which Ieuan leapt into. He landed on crumbly earth, his body still shaking. 
The Resistance are going to give a bird call so you know which way to dig.
He didn’t respond, but he set off with purpose, crawling down into a wide chamber before entering a tunnel slightly to his left. I could feel its damp freshness wetting his skin as he crawled in, picking up a spoon and a tray as he passed by its entrance. The murmurs of other men behind him started to pick up.
They’re counting on you Ieuan, I said happily, so listen for the birds.
Again he showed no sign of response, but continued deep into the murky tunnel, his knees scratching on exposed stones. When he reached the tunnel’s end he stabbed his spoon into the wall with great force and little but a second later there came a squawking like the cry of a crow. Ieuan’s ears twitched, he looked around for the source of the noise. It was fairly loud; Dad had said he was sure they were very close to the desired bunk house.
Dig Ieuan, I encouraged, dig towards it.
Ieuan’s nerves were as shaky as ever, but on he dug. The crow called again now and then, getting louder and louder until I was sure it was right beside our heads. In the darkness a loud scrape like that of a shovel caught my attention somewhere near Ieuan’s hands.
They’re here for you, they’re breaking through.
The crow called once more this time the whistle it was coming from was right beside us. A shovel broke through the thin layer of earth and caught Ieuan on the hand with a painful stab. He winced and pulled his hand back, using the other to scrabble through the now collapsing wall of dirt until a flashlight and a face came into view. Dad’s face.
“Hello boys,” he whispered, “come on, it’s this way.”
Ieuan, relieved, passed the message back to the others in the line, then started crawling over the mound between the two tunnels and into a much larger, well-supported space.
“I see you got the message about the bird call,” Dad told him with a cavalier wink.
I could feel that Ieuan’s expression was horrified, but I stifled my amusement at Dad’s attitude. He couldn’t feel how scared the young man was or couldn’t remember how frightening it must have been the first time my mother put her voice in his head. Through Ieuan’s eyes I watched Dad crawl on casually in the wider tunnel, his huge muddy boots threatening to kick us in the face. 
“Keep to whispers ‘til we’re out of the camp boundary,” Dad instructed, “shouldn’t be long.”
Tell him your name, I urged Ieuan, I’ve told him about you. He’ll help you get back home to Mam and Blod.
“Sir,” he whispered, catching up to Dad so they were almost side by side as they crawled, “I’m Ieuan Price sir.”
“You’re acquainted with my daughter Kit,” Dad answered with a nod, “Is she with you now?”
I could feel how much he didn’t like the question, a bolt of electricity shot down his spine as he tried to answer.
“I… Her voice is…”
“It’s all right,” Dad said. I could see his little grin illuminated by the flashlight hanging from his shoulder. “Don’t even try to explain it. In fact you’d be better off forgetting this whole night once you’re home and dry.”
“Yes sir,” Ieuan murmured, taking a look back to see the row of happy men trailing behind him. 
“Hang on,” Dad said, trying to crawl with one arm as he fumbled in one of his pockets, “we’re at the camp limit I think. I need to give a call to say we’re coming through.”
Tell him I could do that, I pressed to Ieuan, thinking that I could nip over to Henri at the tunnel’s end and let him know.
Ieuan hesitated too long and when he did begin to speak Dad was already using the crow call again, giving three bursts in a row of the baying call. The second he did there was a great eruption of noise like something heavy was falling somewhere and a second later something unbearably sharp hit me. Dad covered Ieuan’s mouth instantly, masking the horrifying scream that he would have let loose. A searing agony made my stomach twist as I saw my father’s horrified face. Ieuan tried to move and I felt its cause. 
A long blade.
Straight through his shoulder. 
Ieuan struggled to breathe as the blade, which had been stabbed down into the tunnel from above, twisted behind his shoulder blade and made me feel like I wanted to vomit. I felt every moment of his unbearable pain. I could hear the frantic whispers of the men behind him now realising what had happened. They were retreating, leaving us there to die. The blade retracted and this time Ieuan bit hard into the dirty skin of Dad’s hand so as not to make any more noise, but the puncture left him breathless and weak. The tunnel was getting darker all the time; all panic had run out of Ieuan’s body, leaving only a sickening, unending pain. 
Somewhere in the top of his chest was something still out of place. Even though the blade had gone, I felt a sharpness, a foreign body sticking into the back of his shoulder blade. It was horrid, I felt like I wanted to reach in and tear it out, but the ache of the object was too deep to get at. I didn’t know if Ieuan felt it too, there were so many wild and agonising sensations swilling around his frantic mind.
“Dear God,” Dad whispered, grabbing us by the torso. He struggled along, pulling Ieuan onto his back so he could crawl with him down the tunnel, but it was little use. My vision was almost gone; all I had were Ieuan’s ragged breaths, growing weaker by the second as he lost the ability to breathe. 
I snapped out of his head desperately and fled to Henri, finding it hard to change from the dark scene to the faint light of the cosy little barn. My words came so loud and frantic into Henri’s head that he leapt a mile from the tunnel opening where he had been waiting.
Henri, oh God Henri please help them! I tried desperately to collect my thoughts for the proper words. Dad… Ieuan’s been stabbed. Dad’s trying to carry him. He can’t manage. He might be dying. He can’t breathe. And they might stab down again! 
Every terrifying thought that hit me came out in a jumbled mess in Henri’s mind and though there was fear in his heart he jumped head first into the tunnel mouth and starting to crawl down in at once. All the training on his hands and knees with Sergeant Cross in Essex had paid off; he scurried down the dark tunnel like a rat, I could already hear Ieuan’s desperate gasps and Dad’s effort-fuelled grunts echoing back at us. They couldn’t be far away. If Henri got to them and pulled them out in time, things might be okay.
My vision began to fade, but this time there was no cold shiver to mark that my psychic trip was coming to an end. Instead I felt a wet sort of a heat all over my face as the sight of the tunnel dissolved and when I came back to Ieuan’s little room in Ty Gwyn I was soaked all over in a cold sweat. A headache slowly made itself known in the back of my skull and my eyes shot open as the all-too-familiar sensation of a fever kicked in.
“Mum!” I shouted furiously.
You’ve done well sweetheart, she promised, but you really can’t see this next part.
“No!” I protested. My eyes shot to my door as Idrys poked his head in. I had woken him up. “Please don’t put me under! Not a fever, please!”
There was a pause, but my headache raged on. The dark room was already growing black as I felt Idrys put his smooth, dry hand on my clammy head. 
I’m sorry, love, but I just can’t trust you not to go back there.
In all fairness, that was exactly what I wanted to do, but I struggled all the same until the world became one big dark bubble once more.


Mercifully it was only the next afternoon that I came round. Idrys was there watching over me, so I told him everything I could as floods of tears poured down my face. His expression had a ghostly pallor to it when I was done; his calloused farmer’s hands were trembling. He took me downstairs as soon as I was able and we piled into Bickerstaff’s room where he and Blod were sat on the bed sharing his lunch. I didn’t know when or how Idrys and the former doctor had realised that each other knew about my gift, but there seemed no need for a preamble. Idrys launched right into the tale of Ieuan’s injury and made me repeat it to Bickerstaff.
“Could he survive that Steven?” Idrys urged, “Is there any way?”
Blod clutched Bickerstaff’s arm tightly, her lip trembling as she took in the shocking news. Bickerstaff considered things very carefully for a moment.
“When Henri was approaching,” he asked gingerly, “was he still breathing?”
I nodded furiously from the chair Idrys had dropped me into. “I could hear him… gasping.” I shut my mouth quickly as my stomach gave a lurch. I took a few breaths in through the nose to calm down. 
“Oh God,” Blod said, burying her head against her beau’s shoulder. 
Bickerstaff was largely ignorant to everyone’s pain, his mind consumed by matters medical. I could see the process of his thoughts behind his huge eyes. His breathing became sharp as he thought things out. 
“It could just be a collapsed lung, but not a punctured one,” he suggested, “if so he’ll make it.”
“And if not?” Idrys asked, biting hard on the knuckles of his clenched fist.
“If not I don’t think he’d be breathing loud enough for Kit to hear him from that distance,” the former doctor replied carefully. For once his emotionless face was extremely useful; its blankness seemed to calm everyone down. “Remember it’s only one lung that’s been affected. He’s got a fighting chance if they get him to proper care right away.”
“But we don’t know if they have,” Blod pleaded, surfacing from Bickerstaff’s now soaking wet shoulder. 
“They seemed to be very well organised,” I offered, “I’ll bet they have medics and all sorts.”
“But you don’t know that, do you?” Blod snapped at me with damp eyes, “You didn’t see any yourself?”
I felt exhausted and defeated. “Well, no but-”
Blod made to shout at me but Idrys waved a serious finger at her. She shut her mouth slowly and sniffed in her angry sobs. At last Bickerstaff seemed to realise her pain and put an arm around her. She sank into the side of his body in silence.
“Even with the most basic equipment, it could still be done,” he said in a low tone, “if they get him to a doctor in time.”

***

I was taken back upstairs to rest and I hoped that perhaps my sleeping mind would take me back to the Resistance, but had no luck. I was out cold for another few hours of sheer blackness until I managed to haul myself out of bed for dinner. I dressed this time and clunked my way down the stairs, feeling confident that I was rested enough to go back to Henri for an update as soon as the meal was over. To hell with what my mother had said, I hadn’t done enough until I could give Blod and Idrys better news.
I froze in the doorway to the kitchen. Mum was sat in my space at the table, fretting over a hole in Leighton’s school jumper. When she turned and smiled at me I could see all the sadness and apology in her face. Nothing she had done was out of spite, but I couldn’t bring myself to smile back at her. I said hello to her in a quiet, flat tone and settled myself in a seat a bit farther away. 
“You’re early, Mum,” I commented, trying to sound bright as I eyed Mam stirring up the gravy, “The wedding’s not for three more days.”
“I had some time off, so I thought I’d come and lend a hand,” she explained.
“Very kind of you,” Mam said. She turned and beamed at me. “Oh your mum’s brought the most beautiful flowers and real chocolate for the cake! Blod’s going to flip!”
I shot Mum a glare. What a bald lie it all was. She was here to keep tabs on me so I couldn’t go against her will again. She knew that I knew, I could tell by the way she looked down at the table, unable to keep meeting my eyes. 
As the rest of the family settled in for dinner, the mood became tenser still. Idrys and Blod hardly touched their food and Bickerstaff was lost in thoughts so deep he didn’t even notice Ness stealing all of the potatoes from his plate. Idrys kept looking at Mum with a glint of steel in his eyes, waiting for Mam to spin out the last of her chatty conversation so he could strike with a line of his own.
“I believe we have someone in common Gail,” he said in what seemed like a casual tone, “I knew your father, Reginald Arkwright.”
“My goodness,” Mum replied with half a smile, “what a small world it is, with Kit coming to stay here, of all places.”
“Good job she did,” Idrys added quickly, “she’s been a godsend this girl.”
“Here, here,” said Mam, oblivious to the real conversation happening beneath the words, “very useful to have around.”
After dinner Idrys persuaded Leighton to help Mam wash up with the promise of a trip to the cinema, which left the rest of us free to coerce my mother into the little sitting room. Bickerstaff and I were the last to arrive as we limped along at the rear, taking up the whole sofa between us and our crutches. Mum was outnumbered, but she gathered herself with a deep breath as Idrys closed the door.
“I’d been to check on things just before I got here,” she said, giving the old farmer an apologetic look, “your grandson is still alive.”
“Thank God,” Blod muttered, putting her pretty face in her hands. Bickerstaff reached out and rubbed her knee gently, but his face was still totally focused on Mum.
“Where are they treating him?” he asked.
Mum bit her lip. “On a submarine, I’m afraid.”
“Are you mad, woman?” Bickerstaff blurted, “A pressurised space is no place for a man who’s been stabbed through the chest!”
“We didn’t have a choice,” Mum pleaded, “if the boys hadn’t got on that sub, the next one we could arrange for England would have been after Christmas. There’s nowhere you could hide a man in Ieuan’s condition for that long, he’d have died.”
“Do you at least have a proper doctor?”
Mum nodded. “There’s one on the submarine. It’s a fully manned vessel, lots of people trained to help with injuries.”
“Getting stabbed isn’t usually the speciality of doctors who practice underwater,” Bickerstaff griped. He thumped his one remaining leg hard. “God I wish I could look him over and advise you.”
Mum’s gaze snapped up, her eyes suddenly brighter.
“Actually you can.”

***

I wasn’t privy to the full details of how it worked, all Mum would tell me was that there was a way for psychics like us to pull another person’s consciousness into our heads and take them with us wherever we went. She had done such things with Dad all year, letting him snoop on people and places with her across the whole length of Europe to gain information to help the Free French. She had never tried it with anyone but him though, so she took Bickerstaff away with her to another room to try it out in private. Astonished as I was that there were yet more things I could learn to do with my powers, I was bitter that she wouldn’t let me see how it was done. I had a feeling she would be reluctant to teach me anything that would allow me to get into more trouble during the war, so I made a mental note to see if I could figure out the method with Henri sometime in the future.
After his first consultation with Ieuan, Bickerstaff was visibly shaken and practically green in the face. He had to lie down for a little while before he was collected enough to tell us what he had seen and even then his speech was stunted and breathy. Ieuan was in a critical state but there was every chance he could still survive. He had been pierced clean through the chest but the blade had only brushed against his lung, puncturing the chest cavity and causing it to temporarily collapse. Medics had been able to re-inflate his lung into a weak but working order, the problem now was the risk of internal bleeding. Ieuan kept suddenly rupturing inside his chest and the medics aboard the ship were finding it hard to keep stemming the blood and they had not found the source of the bleeds. Bickerstaff had recommended some medications based on what they had on board the sub to help his circulation, but the treatment he really needed wasn’t available on board.
“If they don’t find the source of the bleeding he’ll need a transfusion soon from the continued blood loss,” Bickerstaff explained in his usual emotionless voice.
“Or he’ll just bleed to death?” Blod asked, her hand on his shoulder. He just nodded at her. “Then what can we do?”
Everyone started talking over each other, but I heard none of it, my mind reeling with something that Bickerstaff had said. The source of the bleeding. The thing that was causing the ruptures. I thought hard about everything I’d seen and felt that awful night in the tunnel.
“Stop,” I said loudly. Everyone fell silent. I looked to the former doctor as I gathered my words carefully. “Could some kind of object stuck in his shoulder be causing these rupture things?”
“Definitely,” he said with a nod, “What do you know?”
“When I could feel it all happening,” I gulped dryly, “The blade came back out and he started to find it hard to breathe. But there was something else, something sharp under the back of his shoulder. I felt like I wanted to pull it out of his body.”
“An obstruction,” Bickerstaff mused.
“A piece of the blade left behind pr’aps?” Idrys suggested.
The men slowly started to nod. Bickerstaff leapt up, totally forgetting his fake leg until Blod came to steady his wobbling form. He approached my mother unsteadily and took her arm.
“We have to go again, now.”

***

It was hard to believe that between all the life and death conversations a wedding was slowly coming together in the background. Everyone who was in on the plan to save Ieuan operated in shifts to cover for one another, doing their special duties like pressing clothes and arranging flowers whilst whispering updates to one another from Mum’s latest trip to see how he was doing. I wasn’t allowed to see anything, of course, so I spent the next three days passing on messages and quizzing Bickerstaff about what was really going on. When Blod wasn’t around he was willing to tell me the truth: Ieuan had almost died the first time they tried to remove the foreign body in his shoulder. Things didn’t look good. 
It was the night before the wedding that I sat in Blod’s room with her, helping her put her hair into overnight rollers for a perfect set of blonde curls at the chapel the next day. We were talking about simple things, nice distracting things like how pretty Ness would look as a flower girl and how we could put some flowers over my crutches to make them look less hideous in the photographs, when suddenly Blod fell silent. I knew she had returned to her worries about her brother, so I kept quiet too and tried to finish her hair. I had just put the last roller in when she exploded into a fit of tears.
“How am I supposed to go and have the happiest day of my life?” she sobbed, turning to me with anger in every muscle of her face, “Ieu’s dying. He’s dying and we’re yur doing nothing!”
She slammed her fists down on her bed and I caught her by the wrists to calm her down.
“You heard what Mum said,” I tried to soothe, “that sub is due to surface in England tonight, where all sorts of proper doctors and equipment are waiting.” I rubbed her wrists with my thumbs. “He’s made it this far.”
Blod nodded a few times, scrubbing tears from her eyes roughly. 
“It’s lucky you were there to feel that bit of blade that got stuck,” she said quietly, “or he’d most likely be dead already.”
I thought bitterly about Mum not wanting me to be there at all, how if I had just done as she said and stayed away, Henri wouldn’t have even known to rush down the tunnel and help them to get out. The thought of Henri sent a pang straight to the centre of my chest. Suddenly I wanted to cry too. All the horrible things he must have seen and now he was all alone on that submarine, time ticking away until he could set foot on safe ground once more. When he left for war I had promised to be there always, but now we were truly apart. 
The door to Blod’s bedroom opened and a breathless figure clunked in, shutting it behind him.
“Oi!” Blod cried, her hands rushing to her hair. “You’re not supposed to see me now! It’s bad luck!”
Steven Bickerstaff heaved with the effort of hauling his false leg and crutch up Ty Gwyn’s stairs for the first time, but when he looked up at us he was grinning like a madman. He shook his head, gasping for breath.
“No love, it’s the best luck,” he began, clutching his chest, “they got the blade fragment out. The sub’s surfaced in Cardiff docks. He’s stable.”
Blod leapt off the bed so fast she nearly knocked me to the floor, rushing to Bickerstaff and throwing her arms around him. He wobbled precariously and held onto her, trying to keep himself steady as she kissed him all over one side of his face in utter joy. 
“Cardiff’s in South Wales, isn’t it?” I asked.
Bickerstaff nodded as Blod let him go. “It’s a fair drive, but Idrys says we’ll go down tomorrow right after the wedding and see him.”
Blod settled herself beside me again on the edge of the bed, clutching my hand for a moment. “Thank you,” she began with a huge grin, “both of you. You’ve done so much. Now get out of my room! I’ve got a sack-load of beauty sleep to catch up on for the morning!”
She pushed and shoved our limping forms from the room, but we took her enthusiastic brutality with a smile.


Bickerstaff pretended that he’d had a letter from a colleague in Cardiff General Hospital so that we could break the news about Ieuan to Mam. I was front row centre to see her reaction and she didn’t disappoint me. First she attacked Bickerstaff with a hug so fierce that he actually fell right over on his backside after she let him go, then she ran around kissing each one of us with joyous tears pouring down her cheeks like some great waterfall of relief. She picked up Ness; already half adorned with her flower girl outfit, and swung her around the kitchen until the paper roses that had been tacked to her skirt came flying off in all directions, covering us all in pink petals. As a final act, she burst outside to shout to the heavens and thank God himself, only to find herself ankle-deep in the first full drift of December snow.
“Ooh!” Ness cried, running out after her to play in the white blanket all over the yard. 
Leighton followed suit, throwing himself face first into a huge drift that had piled up outside the nearby barn. I looked out at them with a nervous kind of joy in my heart. I had never actually walked in snow before. I hauled myself out gingerly, stepping down into the cool, powdery stuff, feeling my feet make a deep print before I set out with more confidence. I looked back at my tracks after a while, the crutches making it look like two peg leg pirates were walking side by side. Even Blod came out to enjoy the drift without moaning about what it might do to her shoes, throwing a snowball at Bickerstaff that he deflected with his false leg, which almost came off totally from the impact of the throw. 
The whole contents of the house were still outside in the fresh morning when a lilting voice called over from the path:
“Oi! I thought you lot had a wedding to go to?”
All heads turned to see Thomas racing towards us in his fine navy uniform, his bags discarded in the snow. He went straight to Mam, turning the tables on her for once as he half picked her up in his excitement.
“Oh Thom! Ieuan’s home!” she exclaimed, delighted to have another person to tell, “He’s in hospital in Cardiff!”
When Thomas pulled away from the hug his young face was a picture of shock. He looked around to Blod and his grandfather, both nodding to help him accept the good news. It took quite a few moments, but eventually it all sank in. He swore quite loudly, but nobody told him off, then threw himself backwards into the snow and laughed up at the morning sky. Ness leapt on his stomach and covered him in slush, which to Mam and Blod’s horror was also all over her dress.
“You little mochyn!” Blod cried, pulling her away from Thomas and dragging her up to see her soaking wet hem.
And that was when the real work of having a wedding began.

***

The preparations had been hard, but they were nothing compared to organisation of the big day itself. The ceremony was at the chapel at half past twelve but it was gone nine by the time everyone was dried off and breakfasted after our time in the snow. Mum was a whirlwind of activity, shooing Mam away from the kitchen for her to get ready whilst she took over making the sandwiches and sorting out the other foodstuffs for the party at Ty Gwyn straight after the service. A visit to Cardiff or not, Mam would never let anyone set off with an empty stomach. 
It was my duty to help Blod get into her dress, but everything was such a blur and a rush that I spent most of that time close up to it adjusting hems, fixing broken seams and resetting her golden curls once we’d secured her veil. In fact I didn’t actually stop to look at her properly until some hours later when we were outside the chapel with Ness, waiting for Idrys to come and walk her in. It was then that I saw the long, flowing white skirt of the gown. It was as bright as the snow all around us, something shiny in the material was reflecting the sun that had broken through the clouds above. Blod’s perfect skin was like porcelain against the dress save for a pinkish glow in her cheeks as she stood catching her breath in the cold air. 
“You look perfect,” I told her, smiling widely.
“I should think so, the amount of time it took us.” She was grinning, but clearly agitated. “He’ll be in there, now won’t he?”
I caught on to some of her worries and nodded. “Of course. It’s not like he could get away, not at his speed. Even I could catch him.”
Blod laughed out a few nervous breaths, clutching her bouquet that matched the paper roses on Ness’s quickly-repaired dress. The little girl was looking up at the sky, watching the clouds break with her familiar look of concentration. Blod and I followed her gaze.
“I wish Dad could’ve been yur to see this,” Blod mused quietly, “but at least we’ll see Ieu tonight.” She let out a little sigh. “I reckon every family only gets one miracle, and Dad would’ve never wanted it to be the other way round, for him to be yur and Ieu gone, so there you go.”
“I think we’ve had a few more miracles than that, if you think about it,” I added.
Blod nodded at me and squeezed my shoulder. 
“I’m going to try and remember that, and be less snappy with you from now on,” she said with a laugh.
“Good plan,” I replied, “Save all the snapping for your husband.”
We were still laughing when Idrys came out of the chapel and told us we were ready to go. Ness was lined up to go first, a basket of paper petals in her hands ready to scatter, then Blod would take her Bampi’s arm to walk down the aisle. I couldn’t really carry the dress’s train and use both my crutches, but Blod had asked me to, so I was going to give it a damn good try. The first thing I caught sight of as we entered the church was Bickerstaff waiting in his bottle green suit. Unable to stop himself he was already watching his bride approach with the biggest smile I had ever seen him wear. If I hadn’t ever met him before, I’d have sworn he was the happiest man alive.

***

A photographer followed the wedding party home after the service, which was relatively short after Blod had finished lecturing the preacher on cutting out the boring bits a few days prior to the event. Mam had insisted on having all the pictures taken on the pasture outside Ty Gwyn, especially now that the fallen snow had given us such a beautiful backdrop. While everything was being set up I took my chance and set off to escape up to my room. A day full of love and happiness had only made me think of one thing for hours on end. I barely had one foot on the stairs when I heard Mum appear behind me.
“I’ve checked on everyone and they’re fine,” she chided, “so no sneaking off. Come and have a sandwich.”
I spun on my crutch and glared at her.
“There’s no danger right now,” I protested, “why can’t I just have a chat with him, just for five minutes?”
Mum approached me slowly, something I couldn’t read behind those indigo eyes the same shade as mine. She rested her hands on my shoulders and broke into a smile that made me feel warm even though I was mad at her.
“Your father and I have had a talk,” she began, heaving the words out almost reluctantly, “and he’s right. It’s time I let you go. I’m not going to stop you using your powers ever again. You’ve done so well with them, handled things so much better than I would have imagined.” I felt her hands holding me tighter, like she needed me to keep her steady. “I’ve been looking after you so much for so long that I’d forgotten you would grow up sooner or later. I just want you to remember the warnings I’ve given you, they always apply, wartime or otherwise.”
I nodded, starting to smile too. “Psychic or not, I’ll always have your voice in my head,” I answered.
Mum chuckled a little, her hold on me relaxing again. 
“But that freedom starts tomorrow,” she continued, “so please don’t do anything yet, just for today.”
“But why?” I asked.
“You’ll see.” My mother started to walk away with a grin.
Leighton came into the hall in his little waistcoat and trousers, rubbing his head. His hair was sticking up at a funny angle and Mum rushed to adjust it for him, but he batted her away. That pensive look was back on his face.
“Leigh what’s up?” I said as I approached.
But he didn’t have time to answer as Idrys’s deep Welsh voice boomed through the house to call us out for the photographs.
“Tell me later?” I whispered to Leighton. He nodded gently, still nursing his temple. 
We all lined up on the snowy ground at the edge of the pasture waiting for our turn to be called. There were several pictures of the bride and groom as Blod took full advantage of her big day to look as good as possible, then there were a few more of just the bride when Bickerstaff got sick of posing and left her to it. Eventually it was the turn of the bridesmaid, flower girl and page boy, which saw Ness, Leigh and I trying to pose with my clonking crutches in the way. 
“Oh sod these things,” I cried eventually, chucking them out of the shot and standing behind Leighton. 
I leant on his shoulders to keep myself steady, surprised at how strong my knees were to keep me up. It was hard to miss Bickerstaff’s medical mind assessing my stance from the side-lines, but he was smiling so I thought I must have been doing all right. Ness was the next problem, the wriggly little thing refused to stay still for the photo. It was only after some careful persuasion from Bickerstaff that she did as she was told, beaming up at the photographer like an angel even after her massive fidgeting episode. I had the feeling her would-be father had promised her a lot of lollipops for that smile. 
Mum was smiling too at Leigh and I, I caught her eye over the top of the camera after the shot had been taken. Leighton was pretty sure he had blinked, so another take was in order. I rolled my eyes at Mum, but then I noticed she wasn’t looking at me anymore. Her gaze was cast way past where we stood at the edge of the field, her smile widening every moment.
“Yur now!” Mam shouted with a pointing finger. “Who’s that ruining our backdrop?”
I turned, still leaning one hand on Leighton to see two shapes under the shadow of the nearest tree. The larger of the two emerged from it and I was surprised to see my father carrying another man on his back. When the other man looked up from Dad’s shoulder, his gingery hair and sparkling eyes gave him away despite the unusual paleness in his face. Mam screamed with delight.
“Good God!” Bickerstaff shouted as he realised who it was. “Are you entirely insane? This boy should be in hospital, not travelling two hundred miles up the country!”
Ieuan ignored him and waved with every bit of strength he had in him. Dad was fast approaching, flashing me a smile as he passed us to deliver the boy to his family.
“I’m sorry,” he said to Bickerstaff, “but he wouldn’t be told. He insisted on coming up right away even if it killed him.”
Bickerstaff glanced at his new bride as she raced past him to join Mam and Thomas in crushing Ieuan from all sides. The former doctor shook his head, starting to grin.
“That’s the Price family all over, I’m afraid,” he concluded. 
“It’s Dad…” Leigh muttered, clearly stunned. He tapped my hands where they were leaning on him. “Let’s go to him, Kit!” he pleaded, more excited than I’d ever known him be. 
Dad beamed at us both as he came back towards us, but when he looked at me he pointed again to the tree behind me. The other figure was still there. I watched, open mouthed like a goldfish as the other person stepped out from under the branches’ shadows, stretching his arms wide open, his messy dark hair flying everywhere against the wintery breeze.
“Thirty paces!” Henri shouted.
Slowly, I let go of Leighton’s shoulders.
“No, no!” Henri shouted, half laughing, “Get your aids!”
But I didn’t. I knew that it was an all or nothing kind of motion. If I started to run I wouldn’t be able to stop or I’d be face deep in the snow. It was a soft landing, all things considered, so before anyone could catch me I put every bit of power I had into my knees and ran for it. The distance was much less than thirty steps when I was running, jarring every bone in my body as I streaked desperately towards Henri and his open arms. He watched in awe as I sped at him, wrapping me up as I fell into his arms, my knees finally spent.
He held me up and kissed me deeply, sending warm tingles out all over my face despite the cold air. I pulled him close, my arms around his neck as I felt his warm body next to mine. It was a while before either of us had breath again to speak, both grinning at each other like a pair of Cheshire cats, trying to think of the perfect things to say having spent so long apart. I had nothing, no words that could express the relief and joy and completely all-consuming love that was gripping me in that moment, but Henri looked me up and down and grinned, creasing his lovely chocolate eyes.
“You’re wearing the dress I made you.”
I looked down at myself; the navy fabric with the white polka dots was bright against the white winter scene around me. I shrugged happily at Henri.
“I was the only bridesmaid, so I could pick whatever I wanted to wear.”
He beamed at me, his strong arms holding me steady again.
“And you chose this?”
“Always,” I replied.
“All right Romeo, put the girl down.”
My father had found us. I turned to find him being swiftly followed by my mother and Leighton who were rushing up with my crutches. I took them rather gratefully as my weak legs shook in the cold snow, grinning when Henri kept a warm arm around my waist still. Dad rested his hand on Mum’s shoulder and she took hold of it tightly. Leighton stood in the middle of us all, smiling at everyone, until his stomach gave a huge echoing growl.
“I think that means lunchtime,” Henri observed as the rest of us laughed.
We set off as a group at my slow pace back towards Ty Gwyn, where the newly reformed Price family had bundled Ieuan into the wheelchair to take him inside. Leighton steadied my walking on one side with Henri on the other until we too were back at the kitchen door. The smell of fresh cakes invited us in and Leigh broke free to attack them. Henri turned to me and kissed my cheek softly.
“I love you,” he whispered.
“Love you too,” I mouthed, eyeing my Mum and Dad carefully.
Once Henri too had gone inside, Dad stopped Mum and I from following. He gave me a sombre look; his dark eyes open wide with thought.
“This war’s not over, you know,” he said quietly, “Henri will have to go back into service soon.” I gulped; it was the last thing I needed to hear on such a happy day. “But,” my father continued, “I was thinking of pulling him into my department, given his experience so far.”
“Henri, a spy?” I asked in disbelief.
“He’d make a fine one,” Mum added, “but he’d need an assistant at home of course.”
I saw them standing there together, but not as my parents any longer. They were an operational team, working side by side to rescue good men from the war and help occupied populations fight back against the oppression of the Hun. And now they were inviting me to be part of the family business, to learn how to really help Henri like I’d wanted to all along. I nodded furiously, unable to even say yes. Mum swallowed all her reservations, looking to Dad for reassurance. He grinned proudly at us both and gave a little nod, turning to lead us indoors.
No expense had been spared in collecting as much food as Mam could muster, gathering all our rations together to produce a splendid feast. When I found my place at the overcrowded table Leighton had a mouthful of cream and jam. His skinny legs were swinging happily as I sat down beside him, watching Mum and Dad trek off to the places laid for them at the other end of the kitchen. My little brother looked at me and his eyes widened suddenly. He dropped the food he was eating and waved his hand for my attention as he tried to chew and swallow faster than was humanly possible.
“Don’t do that, you’ll choke,” I sat, slapping his back as he coughed, “what is it?”
When Leigh had finally got his mouthful down he cleared his throat, pulling my ear nearer to speak in a hushed voice.
“Kit,” he began carefully, “you know that psychic stuff that Idrys told us about ages ago?”
“Yes?” I replied, my breath hitching in my throat.
Leighton took in a little gasp of his own, breaking into an excited grin.
“I think I can do it.”

THE END.


If there was ever an embodiment of the idea of the ‘troubled teen’, then it was me, but probably not in the way you’d think. 
I wasn’t, for example, a smoker or a boozer; I didn’t stay out late or smuggle anything (or anyone) untoward into my room at home. In fact, I stayed in. A lot. I would come home from high school aged 15 and find myself crawling straight into my bed at four o’clock, out cold until gone six and still in my uniform with Mum calling me down for dinner. My entire life was a pattern of eat, sleep, school, sleep, eat and so on; not a scrap of energy or enthusiasm for life, waiting desperately for the time when I could throw off the shackles of the 9-to-4 school day and finally use what little pep I had to do something better with my life. A myriad of doctors and therapists told me that I was depressed and filled me up with drugs, packing me back off to school like that was the answer to my problems.
It took me a further four years to work out what was really going on.
At age 13 I developed what I now know to be called Myalgic Encephalomyelitis (M.E.), a debilitating physical condition that attacks every major system in your body from the nervous and digestive systems to the musculoskeletal, hormonal and beyond. Between the ages of 13 and 16 (what some would call the best years of your life) I went from being a spritely, bright child to a surly, aching, exhausted teen who saw every morning as just one more day of pain coming her way. I dropped out of school and spent eighteen months trying to recover from what I was still being told was depression and anxiety, but no matter what I tried I just couldn’t get better. I knew that there had to be another explanation; I just had to find a way to prove it.
For my 18th birthday I was taken away for a week’s holiday. I deliberately didn’t pack my anti-depressants, suffering a week of cold-turkey withdrawal in order to flush them out of my system once and for all. This is not a practice recommended by doctors and I don’t advocate it, but it was the only thing I felt able to do at the time. Coming home from that holiday I had a fresh perspective on my physical health, realising that I was never mentally depressed, but that my body was the one letting me down. I had an illness and it took me another whole year before I met a doctor who could put the label M.E. to my symptoms.
Armed with this knowledge I returned to college and then went on to university, all the while making my way through different doctors and different treatments until I could find one who would push to get the diagnosis I so desperately needed. I was 22 years old when the letter finally came to tell me what I had been suffering from for the last nine years. It was a relief, but also a sadness, the final confirmation that I am living with a condition that has no known cure and will be likely to affect me for the rest of my life. At the point when I received that letter in November 2011, I felt as though the life I had been wading through suddenly needed a new purpose and a proper direction, something I would still be able to achieve if and when my condition worsened. 
So I started to write.
I have written several self-published books in the last twelve months and it has been pointed out to me repeatedly that each one of them contains characters that are physically limited, pained and/or mentally scarred in some way. This is no co-incidence, but it is something that was creeping into my work without a definite conscious knowledge; I think I simply found it more engaging personally to write about imperfect people. That was until I sat down to write my first novel for Clean Teen Publishing, entitled The Mind’s Eye. In this book my central character suffers from Juvenile Systemic Arthritis, a severe and debilitating condition that presents many of the same musculoskeletal symptoms that I face every day. Whilst I am not always bound to a wheelchair, the immobility that my character Kit faces isn’t just about her legs not working. The Mind’s Eye is an exciting wartime adventure with paranormal fun, but at its heart it is also a story about a girl just like me, struggling to work out how to find a place in the world where she can feel valued and still be useful to the people she cares about.
Scenes within The Mind’s Eye are a mixture of Kit’s psychic visions of the Second World War interspersed with her own struggles in her home life. I have a feeling that some people might consider those latter scenes to be the ‘boring bits’, the ‘filler’ that has to happen between the tense, exciting action moments. To me, however, I could take or leave the incredible and heart breaking scenes of war, because the real struggle that touches my heart is that of a lonely young girl quite literally trying to stand on her own two feet in a world where all the odds are stacked against her. When you read The Mind’s Eye, spare a thought for Kit and the life she has to lead every day, because her fictional creation represents countless other people out there who face physical and emotional struggles that ordinary folk can barely comprehend. 
The real story of The Mind’s Eye isn’t that of the glorious Allies beating back Jerry, but of Kit Cavendish beating back the sentence that life has handed her with the newfound love and support of the people around her. It is a story that is very important to me and I sincerely hope it will find a place in your hearts too.



Did you enjoy The Mind's Eye? Find out what happens to Leighton when he gets a little older in the 2nd book of The Synsk Series. Turn the page to read the first chapter of Leighton's Summer. Leighton's Summer is available for purchase today!



“I’m getting married in the morning, ding dong the bells are going to chime…”
I could hear the footsteps coming as I sang, my grin growing wider by the minute. My voice rang out and echoed down the halls of Ty Gwyn where I could imagine all the frantic people in the little farmhouse catching wind of the tune. I tapped my foot to the melody, shaking the large white box I was holding until its precious contents nearly spilled out against the closed door I stood by. I sang louder and the footsteps came thumping towards me once more.
“Pull out the stopper, let’s have a whopper, but get me to the church on time!”
Kit stuck her head out past the door with a furious red face, her wild coppery hair all over the place as she struggled to hold up her unfastened gown.
“Leighton will you shut up!” she bellowed.
“Charming,” I replied, “And there’s me thinking you’d be in a good mood, today of all days.”
“I will be,” Kit promised with gritted teeth, “If we ever get there, that is!” She shouted the last part backwards into the room, presumably to the pair of women who were supposed to be helping her dress. 
“We’ll get there, darling, don’t panic,” came my mother’s calming tone from within.
“And if we don’t, we’ll make the preacher wait!” Mam assured in her best Welsh foghorn impression.
“Take this box, would you?” I asked impatiently, shaking it again, “it’s flowers or something. You’re supposed to have it.”
Kit shot me a look filled with daggers as she let the door swing open fully. She was holding up her flowing, lacy wedding dress with one hand and the other was leaning heavily on one of her great brown crutches. I could see the folds of her dress quivering where her legs were unsteady beneath them, but I couldn’t be sure if it was her condition that made her shake or just her nerves anticipating the day ahead. 
“Bring them in then,” Kit urged with a huff.
“Jawohl, mein Führer!” I replied, goose-stepping into the room to dump the box on the bed. 
“That’s not funny Leighton!” Mam chided, but the older lady had a grin creeping into the corner of her rosy lip.
“Thanks love,” my mother answered quietly as she reached for the box with a pale hand. I caught a glimpse of how tired she was before she hid her fatigue with a smile.
“Now get out!” Kit said, giving my shoulder a shove until I was back at the doorway, “You’re slowing me down even more!”
The heavy wooden door to Mam’s bedroom slammed with a loud echo and I heard my sister give a great sigh on the other side. 
“Honestly,” she said in a muffled groan, “I’m sure I wasn’t that annoying at fifteen.”
I shook my head at her and wound my way back to the stairs. Only a month ago Churchill had announced that the biggest war the world had ever seen was finally over, and all my sister could think of was getting herself dolled up for Henri and her big day. They had been waiting for the news for months, years even, promising every Christmas that this would be the year that they’d be able to wed. I’d started to think it would never come, but in May that news had finally crackled its way over the wireless and exactly four weeks later they all stood in the powder keg that was Ty Gwyn, working up a wild hive of activity to be at the village chapel on time for the service.
I jumped the last four steps and landed unsteadily on the hard stone floor in the black and white hall. As I wobbled a little to regain my balance, the long-legged figure of Henri Haugen emerged from the downstairs study. He strode towards me, his dark hair slicked back in a smart wave. There was a panic in his eyes like nothing I’d ever seen and I found it hard to believe that a bloke who’d spent half a decade risking his life in the depths of war-torn Europe could be so terrified of something as simple as his wedding day. 
“Leighton,” he urged in his low, rumbling voice, “Is my tie straight?”
I gave it a long, hard look. The dark tie was perfectly rigid.
“Hmm,” I said, raising a hand to my chin in thought.
Henri caught my look and started walking away immediately. “I’ll go and do it again,” he called.
I laughed to myself in the hall until my stomach gave a rumble. A few steps later I was pleased to find the large kitchen dark and empty. On the big oval table there sat a huge collection of cakes, sandwiches and other treats ready for us to scoff when the ceremony was over. I listened carefully to the sounds of footsteps above, then shut my eyes and put one hand across them to shield them from the sunlight. I took a sharp breath that filled my nose with the smell of sugar, then let my mind wander to the one person I knew was likely to catch me if I tried to pinch any food.
As my mind settled in the head of another I found myself staring at Ness in her bridesmaid’s dress. She had a sulky look on her face as the hands of the body I was in swung her around to assess the ribbons and bows all over the hideous frock. 
“Stop it Blod!” she insisted, “The stupid dress is fine!”
“Don’t you grumble at me, bach!” Blod chided. I felt her raise a finger to the young girl, “You should be grateful we could even get you a new dress to wear!”
Ness shook herself out of Blod’s grip, her long blonde hair flying everywhere as she scrambled away towards the door. The pair were in what used to be my bedroom and as Ness found the narrow doorway to escape, it was suddenly filled by a tall figure in a brown corduroy suit whose legs she crashed into. I felt Blod give a gasp, her heart fluttering for a moment as her husband nearly fell clear out of the room from the impact. He caught himself by gripping the doorway with his hands desperately. Ness threw her hands up over her mouth in horror as I tried not to laugh out loud into Blod’s mind.
“Sorry Steven!” Ness cried.
Steven Bickerstaff let his panicked expression soften and gave the girl a pat on the head before limping into the room as if nothing had happened.
“Watch where you’re going, sweetheart,” he said softly.
Ness gave him a beaming smile and scampered out of the room.
“Mind you don’t get nothing on that dress!” Blod shouted after her, but her eyes were now focused on the smiling face of her husband. Bickerstaff smoothed down his blonde locks after his moment of impact.
“Your son wants something to eat,” he said with a grin.
I felt Blod smile. “Why is he always my son when he wants something?” she asked. 
Bickerstaff shrugged. “Don’t ask me how it works. He’s asking for you.”
As if on cue the ear-splitting chorus of “Mummy! Mummy! Mummy!” rang out from somewhere down the hall. 
“Coming Dai!” Blod called all too loudly, but she rose slowly and moved towards Bickerstaff instead.
Sensing some disgusting mushy feelings building in her chest I pulled myself out of her head, realising there were only a few minutes left before she’d be carrying baby Dai downstairs to find him some food. I refocused on the kitchen table quickly and pinched a sandwich off each plate while rearranging them carefully so it didn’t look like any were missing. I slipped out of the back door into the warm summer air to eat them, letting out a sigh and wishing the whole fiasco was over already. 
It wasn’t that I didn’t like weddings, especially since they were always followed by a party of some kind, but I was aching to get back to London and let my summer finally begin. Since Kit had turned eighteen in 1942, we had all moved back to the big city for her and Mum to work at the War Office, exercising their psychic skills to help Henri and my father on various missions out in occupied Europe. While they were all busy doing the spy thing, I had spent a good three years making a nice life for myself at the grammar school and there were a lot of friends waiting for me to get back and wreak havoc with them as soon as the summer began. But Kit had wanted to come back to Ty Gwyn and have a big Welsh wedding like she and Henri had always planned; it was a load of romantic rubbish and it was getting in the way of my countdown to freedom. 
I leaned against the hard stone wall and took the place in, deciding it was actually quite nice to see my old home again, but I could feel myself grinning instinctively at the possibilities that lay waiting back in London. There were cinemas to sneak into and parties to crash, girls to pick on and cafes to lounge in. This was the summer when I would turn sixteen and I was determined to make the most of it.

***

The ceremony itself was about as boring as I’d imagined it would be, though I did have a good laugh when Henri tripped up the aisle at the very beginning of proceedings. He had almost started his married life with a flat nose after narrowly missing a protruding pew when he crash-landed, but he was relatively calm again by the time Kit arrived and the music piped up. Leaning on my father for support instead of a crutch, my sister made it all the way down the centre of the little chapel in her bright white gown and lacy veil. Though it was obvious that her legs were struggling without their usual supports, she beamed like a trooper under the thin lace, spurred on by the sight of Henri as she had always been. She looked a fair treat and I was glad she had gotten her way because, even at twenty-one, Kit could still scream blue murder if she needed to and I certainly didn’t want to imagine the scene if the best day of her life had gone horribly wrong.
We were back at Ty Gwyn, enjoying the June sun with a pile of food each in the garden, when I heard my name being called from the kitchen doorway. I turned and glanced at my parents, suddenly chewing my bread a little slower. As I rose and moved towards them I could see my mother nervously toying with a lock of her auburn hair as Dad stood beckoning me with a strong hand. 
“If this is about the itching powder,” I began with a feigned apologetic look, “I only put a bit in Henri’s socks, nowhere else, I promise.”
Mum’s mouth fell open and she slapped my shoulder. “Leighton James Cavendish! What a disgusting thing to do!”
I was devastated that I had given the game away, especially when my father’s stony face told me that there was something yet more serious to discuss.
“Never mind that Gail,” he said with a sweep of his hand, “just bring him in here.”
We sat at the now-empty kitchen table. My chair felt hard and strangely cold as we gathered in the shadowed space, the echoes of the mirth outside still ringing in my ears. Dad cleared his throat in that way he always did when something had to be said. I clenched my fist tight under the table, trying not to frown.
“Now Leighton,” he began, his dark eyes boring into me, “As you know, the end of the war means that your mother and I will have a rather different work schedule from now on.”
I didn’t know that, actually. He was speaking as though he and Mum had always told me things about their spying exploits, when in fact I knew next to nothing about their endeavours save for the snippets Henri was willing to share whenever he was home. I just nodded anyway, not wanting to argue and miss the important bit of his announcement.
“Your mother and I have been asked to go to Geneva for a few weeks,” Dad said.
“Well, um,” Mum interjected quietly, “All summer in fact.”
I began to gently buzz with glee. A whole summer, parentless in London, lay before me. I realised the smile must have been showing on my face when Dad raised a finger at me.
“Don’t get any ideas,” he said sternly, “You’re going to Blackpool to stay with Nannie Arkwright.”
I blinked.
“But-”
“And that’s that,” Dad added coolly.
I frowned properly then, a lead weight dropping into the pit of my stomach. Nannie Arkwright was my mother’s mother, a batty old woman who had sometimes come down to see us during the war. All I knew was that she ran a guest house of some sort that we had never been to. I couldn’t even imagine where Blackpool was, I just knew it had a seaside and a tower that you saw in magazines sometimes. 
“Is there no-one else I can stay with?” I said softly, giving my most appealing big blue eyed look to Mum.
The faint lines on her tired face crept into a sorry smile. “Kit and Henri will just be moving into their new home in Camden Town, love, the last thing a pair of newlyweds need is a young man to look after.”
“Oh I didn’t mean Kit,” I corrected immediately. I could only imagine the horrors that awaited me if my sister was suddenly in charge of my life. “But, what about here? Couldn’t I stay with Mam like I used to?”
“Don’t be ridiculous boy,” Dad said as calmly as he could manage, “You know perfectly well she’s got a houseful. The boys are home from the war to stay and there’s old Idrys and Ness Fach for her to care for. Gladys isn’t getting any younger, you know.”
“Not to mention Steven and Blod are having their roof repaired come July,” Mum added, “so they’ll be staying at Ty Gwyn too with baby Dai.” She shook her head gently at me. “No darling it’s impossible. Your father and I have already talked it through. We’ll go back to London for you to finish school, but the moment it ends we have to leave, and so do you.”
Dad got up to re-join the party outside and prevent me from pushing the matter any further. Mum stopped long enough to give me a one-armed hug which I didn’t return and then walked away quietly until I was left alone in the half-lit kitchen. I banged my fist on the table just the once, regretting it immediately as I tried to soothe away the sting. My summer was ruined before it had even begun. I had no doubt whatsoever that my time in Blackpool would be the most boring six weeks of my life.

Get your copy today!


Kindling Flames
Gathering Tinder


Julie Wetzel


Crimson Tree Publishing






I’d like to dedicate this book to my sister,  Amanda, and the sailors from the maiden deployment of the USS George H. W. Bush (CVN 77). Without you this story would never have happened. May you find calm waves to bring you safely home once more.




Rupert surveyed the carnage, while the screams of approaching sirens split the air. Flames licked at the night sky as they consumed the once beautiful home. Stepping back into the shadows of the neighboring houses, he watched as the fire truck roared up and spilled out first responders to quench the raging inferno. The light of the fire glistened off the bloody mess on the lawn that had once been his friend.
Turning from the chaos, Rupert slipped into the night, trying to wrap his mind around events. It had been nearly a month since the first of his people went missing. It took two days to determine that the bloody chunks strewn across the lawn of the first unexplained fire had been the missing man. The body had only been identified by the cell phone and wallet found in the mix. The police concluded that he came over to help his neighbor and was caught up in whatever had flash-burnt the home. Rupert had called for patrols of the surrounding area in an attempt to find what was responsible for the death. Now, a second fire had broken out, and another of his was dead. But how? He hadn’t been away from Brian for very long. What could reduce a body to fist-sized bits in a matter of minutes? 
A tawny wolf appeared out of the darkness to rub against his leg. Rupert scrubbed his fingers into the scruff at the back of the wolf’s neck. “They will pay,” he promised. Whoever had done this would pay dearly. Rupert’s mind turned on the possibilities. There was no way a human could have killed like that, but what could? A rampant werewolf? A crazed wolf could have caused that degree of destruction, but it would have taken much longer than the few minutes allotted. A vampire? They had the strength and speed, but how had they gotten the fire to engulf the home so quickly? The fay? There were certainly possibilities there. 
Rupert turned back to where he had left his van. He could do no more until the police finished processing the scene. Later, he would bring others back to see if they could find anything the police had missed. It had to stop. Something capable of this couldn’t be left loose in the city. If they couldn’t figure out what it was, he could only think of one person that would have the resources to help. 
Rupert’s eyes turned north towards the heart of Brenton. Darien could help if he could just be persuaded into action.



Darien looked up from his desk to the young woman waiting and sighed. This was the fourth personal assistant the temp agency had sent this month, and she didn’t seem any more promising than the last three. His own personnel office had already offered six possible candidates, all of whom had been unable to handle the task of dealing with his hectic life. Oh, how he longed for Marianna to come back, even if she was five months pregnant with triplets. If only she hadn’t fallen in love with that rascal, she would be here, running his life, not stuck in bed with a high-risk pregnancy and three brats to look forward to. Letting out another sigh, he read over the girl’s credentials one more time. 
He read the name from the file. “Victoria Westernly.” He saw the slight purse of the woman’s lips as he used her full name, but she kept a cool and confident air. “Do you go by Victoria?” he asked.
“I’ll answer to Victoria, but I prefer Vicky,” she answered. 
Darien wrote the nickname on her file, disappointed that she would shorten such an elegant name. 
Continuing on, he looked at her schooling. “Mid-State University?” he asked, reading over her course list. It was a local school, well known, and her marks were good. 
“Yes, sir,” Vicky answered politely. 
She still stood confidently, but Darien could smell her fear. He hadn’t gotten where he was without learning to detect the subtle tang of adrenaline. Raising his eyebrow at her, she straightened a little more. He considered her for a moment longer before continuing. “All right, Miss Westernly, I understand this is your first time as a personal assistant.” 
Vicky nodded and took a breath to relay her job history, but Darien stopped her with a wave of his hand. She let the air out and shut her mouth, waiting for her potential boss to speak again. 
Darien liked that she could follow simple instructions without having them explained. Wanting to see how much the girl would fidget, he tested her patience by flipping through her entire file one more time. 
He watched her carefully for a few minutes more, pretending to read. Every now and then, her eyes would be drawn to something in the room, but they would quickly come back to him. The only major movement he detected was when Vicky shifted her weight from one foot to the other as her legs tired from standing in the same place for too long. There were two very nice leather chairs in front of his desk, but he had purposely forgotten to offer her a seat to see how she would handle it. He was pleased to see she hadn’t taken one without being offered. The only other thing he noted was the incessant movement of her thumb as she scratched the pad of her middle finger, waiting for him to answer. Had he been a normal human, Darien might never have detected the slight, nervous fidget from where Vicky hid it in her folded hands. 
“One last question.” Darien looked up and locked eyes with the woman. “What’s sitting on the corner of the desk just outside this room?”
Vicky cocked her head and gave the man an odd look as she searched her mind for the answer. She had spent thirty minutes sitting in that room, studying the desk. “A glass vase filled with water. There was blue gravel in the bottom and some kind of water plant growing from the top. It had a red beta in it,” Vicky answered, picturing the desk. 
Darien made a noise in his throat and marked something on her file. 
“Oh, and there was a vase next to it.” 
His eyes lifted at this unexpected answer. “A vase?” he asked.
“Yes, it was about six inches tall with a square, fluted opening at the top.” Vicky described the trinket as best she could remember. “Brown. Very pretty. It had some kind of beaded thing around the neck.” 
Darien lifted an eyebrow at how well the girl remembered the details of the items on the desk. He wasn’t surprised Marianna had left the knickknack when she had packed her things away. She hadn’t liked the present very much when he gave it to her. Darien read the words he had written and drew a line through them. ‘Only sees the obvious’ definitely did not describe someone who noticed the little vase next to that elaborate fish bowl.
“Very well, Miss Westernly.” He closed the file and slipped it into his desk drawer. Pulling a black messenger bag from under his desk, he stood up. “We’ll see how it works out.” Darien noticed the sigh of relief that issued from her, but she still managed to keep the emotion from her face. He stepped around the desk and held the leather bag out to her. 
Vicky took it gingerly from his hand.
“This contains my entire life. It’ll be your job to keep up with everything.” Reaching into his pocket, Darien pulled out a phone for his new personal assistant. “Here. Keep this with you. If it rings, day or night, answer it. You’re on salary now, so you work when I tell you to.” 
The young woman nodded, taking the phone from her new boss. 
“The desk and computer in the other room are yours. The password’s in the bag. Feel free to change it to whatever you like.” 
Vicky’s eyes widened a little as she took in what he said. 
“You’re here to keep my life in order,” he continued. “Get your work done, and any free time is yours to do with as you please. However, I don’t want you to think this means your job will be easy. I’m a very busy man.” 
He paused for a moment to let Vicky process this information. “Be here at seven. We stay till we’re done. There will be some weekends, but I’ll let you know in advance so you can make arrangements. If there are any problems, bring them straight to me. Otherwise, do what I say when I say it. Oh, and if you don’t already have a passport, get one. Is that clear?”
“Yes, sir,” Vicky started.
“Ritter,” Darien corrected her.
“Yes, Mr. Ritter,” she quickly restated. “I’ll do my best.” 
Darien took a moment to actually look at the well-dressed woman standing in front of him. He had glanced her over as soon as she came in, but now, he really studied her. She had a shapely face and lightly done makeup. Her eyes were the grayish-blue of a rainy sky, and her dark blonde hair was twisted up and held by a pin to the back of her head. He guessed it would fall well past her shoulders if he yanked the pin from it. Long and lean for her height of around 5’4”, she wasn’t what he would call beautiful, but she was well built and could turn heads in the right outfit. Overall, a pleasant girl to look at. Darien nodded his approval. 
She stood in front of him and waited until he was done.
“If you have any questions, please let me know.” Darien dismissed her and returned to his chair. 
Vicky clutched her new possessions as she waited for him to notice her again. 
He turned questioning eyes up to the woman he had expected to leave. “Was there something else?” he asked, slightly annoyed she hadn’t left to settle in. 
Vicky nodded. “Where’s the charger?” 
Darien gave her a strange look, not comprehending the question. 
Vicky held up the phone. “The charger.” 
Enlightenment crossed his face as he realized his omission. He reached down to the power strip under his desk to pull the cord out and wadded it up. “Here.” Darien handed the wire to her. 
Vicky took it with a very polite ‘thank you’ and turned to go to her new desk.
 He watched the door close behind the woman he’d just entrusted his human life with. Maybe she wasn’t going to be worthless after all. 
***
Vicky closed the door behind her and took a deep breath to clear out the terror haunting her. When the temp agency sent her for the assistant’s position at Ritter Enterprises, she hadn’t expected it to be with the main man himself. Anyone in the business world could tell you that Darien Ritter was the CEO and owner of a worldwide shipping company. He had inherited the firm when his father, Michael Ritter, had died suddenly in a plane crash. Darien was the epitome of wealth and power, a philanthropist known for backing small businesses that piqued his interest, and was high on the list of Forbes’ most eligible bachelors. He stood six feet tall at around 180 pounds of solid muscle, with rich, brown hair, and the most beautiful green eyes Vicky had ever seen. What the magazines failed to mention was his voice. It was like black velvet—commanding, almost tangible, yet it warmed her to her toes. Vicky drew another deep, calming breath and took the leather bag to her new desk. 
Noting the comfort of the expensive leather chair, Vicky turned her mind to the job she was hired for. A thorough investigation of the leather satchel left her slightly stunned. In addition to the day planner, address book, and notepad she had expected, there was also an account ledger, a checkbook, and two wallets. She knew the man was rich, but the balance in his bank ledger nearly caused her heart palpitations. And what man needed seven different credit cards? The part that really blew her mind was the thick wad of cash she’d discovered in the second wallet. Who trusted someone they’d just met with nearly four thousand dollars? She had stashed the money back in the bag as quickly as she could. The last thing she found was a large key ring. It looked to be a set of master keys to everything the man owned, but none of them were marked as to where they went. Vicky packed everything neatly back into the bag and stowed it under the desk. 
It was stunning to see how much of Darien’s life she had been entrusted with. As if making sure he was where he needed to be wasn’t a big enough responsibility, she was also expected to take care of his personal expenses. Vicky sighed heavily, pulled the computer over, and flipped the top open. When she entered the password she had found in the notebook, she was greeted by the ugliest picture of a cat in a tutu that she had ever seen. Obviously, his last assistant had no taste at all. She switched the wallpaper to a stock picture of Stonehenge, cleared out the remnants of the last user, and changed the password to something she could easily remember. A quick search revealed several files holding the information from the credit cards and an electronic copy of the checking ledger from her bag. She looked over the files and decided there was something she could already do.
Vicky pulled out the leather-bound ledger and updated its electronic twin. Next, she pulled out the credit card receipts that had been tucked into the back of one of the wallets. Those files were also behind, so she sorted out the receipts and logged them. 
Once finished, she mulled over what to do with the stack of papers. She looked through the desk drawers, but found no answers. Plucking up her courage, she did the only thing she could think of—go ask. 
***
“Come in,” Darien called to the tentative knock at his door. What could his new assistant want? Vicky stepped into the room and approached his desk. He kind of liked that the girl was a little afraid of him. It was a nice change from the last two temps that had annoyed him by spending every moment they could with him. The last one had even propositioned him before he had sent her packing. 
“Sorry for disturbing you, Mr. Ritter, but what do I do with these?” The young woman held the stack of receipts out for him to see. 
“There are some files on the computer where they’ll need to be logged,” Darien explained. 
Vicky tilted her head and looked at him. “What do I do with them after that? Is there a folder somewhere where you keep them, or do they just get tossed?” 
Darien looked at his new assistant, surprised to learn she had already jumped into her job with both feet. “We keep them until the bill comes in.” He pointed to a short cabinet in the corner of his office. “File them over there for now. They’ll get pulled out and shredded once the bill is paid.” 
Vicky thanked him for the help and quickly sorted the slips into the files before turning to leave. Pausing at the door, she turned back to the man watching her. 
“It’s almost lunchtime. Did you need anything to eat?” 
Darien was staggered at the woman’s consideration. Marianna use to remind him to eat, but the last three temps hadn’t. He quickly recovered from his surprise and answered, “I’m fine, thank you, but you’re welcome to take an hour for lunch. There’s a café on the fifth floor.” 
Vicky nodded her understanding and turned to go. 
“Miss Westernly…” 
She stopped and looked back. 
“Thank you.” 
Vicky smiled brightly at him and slipped from the room. 
Darien was shocked again by her response. He had to change his view of this young woman. Her face lit up when she smiled, making her amazingly beautiful. How had he missed that during the time she had been in his office?
***
At twelve thirty, Darien decided to go get some coffee. He didn’t need to eat like a normal person, and the caffeine did nothing for him, but he still loved his coffees. 
He slipped from his office to get a caramel macchiato from the café downstairs. The sight of his new assistant at her desk, munching half a sandwich and playing Minesweeper, stopped him in his tracks. 
Vicky looked up from her meager meal and entertainment to find her new boss staring at her. She swallowed the bite of sandwich that had just gone dry in her mouth and dropped the rest so it was hidden behind her desk. “Is there something I can do for you, Mr. Ritter?” she asked, in the best professional voice she could muster with sandwich crumbs spread across her lap. 
Darien considered her for a moment. “I did say you could take the lunch hour to get something at the café?” He was sure he had made himself clear. 
Vicky raised the sandwich up to show him. “I didn’t know what to expect, so I brought something from home,” she admitted shyly. 
Darien chuckled to himself. Glancing over the meal she brought, his eyes caught on the little fruits on her desk. “What’s that?” Darien pointed at what looked like wrinkly, mini oranges. 
Vicky looked where he was pointing and set her sandwich down. “They’re clementines.” Picking up one of the citrus fruits, she split open the peel to reveal the cute, little pieces inside, and held the whole thing out for him to take. 
Darien pulled one of the slices out and slipped it into his mouth. His eyes lit up at the burst of juice that was close to an orange, yet not quite the same. “Oh wow,” he exclaimed. 
Vicky smiled at his reaction. 
Darien popped a second piece into his mouth before realizing he was eating his new assistant’s lunch. “I’m sorry.” He tried to give the unfinished clementine back to her, but she waved it away with a smile.
“I have more, enjoy it.” Vicky felt a little more relaxed at seeing the great man that terrified her act just as human as the next guy.
“Thank you.” Darien accepted the gift and paused for a moment. “I’m heading down to get some coffee. Would you like to join me, Miss Westernly?” 
Vicky jumped at the opportunity to learn more about the man she would be working for. She quickly packed her lunch away and stuck it in the top drawer of the desk. Pushing the laptop closed, she picked up the bag she had been charged with. 
Darien smiled to himself as he watched the protective way Vicky slipped the bag over her shoulder so she could easily carry it without losing it. 
Munching on the clementine, he led Vicky through the building, pointing out things she would need to know. Whenever someone spoke to him or waved, Darien told Vicky their name and what they did in the company. By the time they reached the fifth floor café, Vicky’s head was spinning with the sheer quantity of information he had thrown at her. The locations and their functions were easy, but the names and faces he paraded past her were just too much to handle in one go. Darien ended the tour by stepping up to the counter at the café. 
“The usual, Mr. Ritter?” asked the barista, smiling at the handsome CEO. 
“Make it two, please, Sue,” he answered the spunky girl. “This is my new personal assistant, Miss Victoria Westernly.” Darien presented Vicky for Sue to look over. 
Vicky considered the petite woman with short, orangish-brown hair. She was sure the cute girl couldn’t be more the eighteen or nineteen.
“It’s nice to meet you, Miss Westernly.” Sue smiled warmly at Vicky as she retrieved the things to make the coffees. 
Vicky returned the smile and the greeting.
When finished, Sue placed the drinks in Darien’s hands. “Here you go, Mr. Ritter.”
“Thank you very much, Sue.” Darien started to leave.
Vicky stood there, gaping at him. “It was a pleasure to meet you,” she called to the girl behind the counter as she rushed to catch up with her new boss. 
Sipping on his drink, Darien held one of the coffees out so Vicky could take it. She looked at the cup before sipping on it gingerly to find it was delicious. 
“I own this building and everything in it, so I don’t pay for anything at the café,” Darien explained to his companion. “And since you are now my personal assistant, you don’t, either.” He hadn’t extended this privilege to the previous temps. She hadn’t even been there for a full day, and Vicky had already exceeded his expectations. “If anyone says anything to you about it, let me know. I’ll take care of it. Understand?” He gave the wide-eyed woman walking next to him a pointed look.
“Yes, Mr. Ritter.” It was the only response she could give the powerful man, and the only one he would have accepted. 
“So what do I have scheduled for the day?” Darien asked, wanting to see how well his new assistant had done her homework. 
Vicky proceeded to rattle off the list of meetings that filled the rest of the afternoon without having to pull out the planner. He smiled into his coffee. This woman looked to be exactly what he needed to take Marianna’s place. And to think, this was the first time she’d ever worked as a PA.
 Darien left Vicky at her desk and went back into his office to finish preparing for his meetings. 




Kicking off her heels, Vicky flopped down on the worn couch just inside her small apartment. Glad that her day had finally ended, all she wanted to do was go to bed, but she had to find food first. If tomorrow were going to be as hellish as today was, she would need all the strength she could get. 
Vicky pulled the messenger bag off and dropped it to the floor next to the couch. She had been reluctant to take the important man’s life home, but Darien had insisted she keep it with her at all times. Turning her mind back over the hectic day, she levered herself from the cushions to scrounge in her kitchen for something edible. 
She couldn’t believe how insane Darien’s life was. Vicky had followed him through eight meetings, across every floor of the building without hitting the elevators, and scribbled enough notes to fill ten pages of her notebook. She needed to get one of those pocket recorders so she could keep up with the man who spoke lighting fast as he walked just a hair quicker than she could move. If she weren’t careful, he would get away, leaving her running to follow. 
Vicky was sure Darien never noticed her plight as she struggled to keep up with the pace he set. Maybe he took a sadistic pleasure in seeing how far he could push his new little shadow before she complained about his breakneck speed? Now she understood what her contact at the temp agency had meant when they said her new boss was a difficult man to please. It would’ve been nice to have a little more warning about whom she was going to be interviewing with. 
Setting her jaw in determination, Vicky dumped a brick of ramen noodles in a pot and added the water and spices. She wasn’t going to complain about the job and be let go on the first day, as she needed this job if she was going to stay in Brenton. Vicky was currently down to her last few dollars, and if she didn’t make this work out, she was going to have to go back to selling plasma to make up the rent on her tiny apartment. 
Pulling the pin from her hair, Vicky headed into the bedroom to change out of her suit while her food cooked. She stripped from her work clothing in favor of some sweatpants and a T-shirt and was just heading back to the kitchen when she heard a strange noise. Looking around for the source of the eerie music, she realized that the phone Darien had given her was ringing. She caught it up and snapped it open.
“Hello?” 
“I was starting to worry that you wouldn’t answer.” Darien’s pleased voice rolled out of the phone. 
“Sorry, the ring tone surprised me.” Vicky said the first thing that came to her mind, smacking her head at how dumb she sounded when Darien snickered on the other end of the line. 
“Bach’s Toccata and Fugue in D minor. Such a lovely piece,” he mused for a moment before turning to the reason he called. “Sorry to disturb you so soon after getting home, Miss Westernly, but I need something.” Darien’s voice took on a more serious tone.
“What can I do for you, Mr. Ritter?” Vicky went back to the kitchen and clicked off the gas under her dinner. It looked as if she was going to have to go back out. 
“I need something from the bag. Can you please bring it to Fourth and Vine Street?” 
That was just a couple of blocks down from where Vicky lived. “Let me change, and I’ll be on my way.” She started to head to the bedroom to put her work clothing back on, but Darien’s words stopped her.
“I don’t care what you’re wearing; I need it now.” 
She grabbed some socks and changed her course for the door. “Yes, Mr. Ritter. I’m on my way.” 
Hanging up the phone, Vicky pulled her running shoes on over the socks and grabbed the messenger bag from the floor. Snagging a bandana for her hair, she hit the door at a run. The sadistic man had to be testing her, and she would be damned if she gave him a reason to fire her tonight. 
***
Darien checked his watch as he waited for his new personal assistant to arrive. It had been about five minutes since she said she was on her way and hung up without waiting for a reply. He knew she lived close from her employment file and figured it would take her about thirty minutes to walk the distance. Leaning against the wall, he disappeared into the shadows of the night to wait. Darien liked watching how people, so accustomed to the light, handled darkness and the things it hid. 
While studying a scantily clad woman trying to convince a very drunk man that she was worth the fifty bucks it would take to pick her up, Darien’s attention was grabbed when something familiar shot past. Turning his eyes towards the streak, he found his assistant had arrived almost twenty minutes before he had expected her to. 
Huffing, Vicky leaned against the lamppost on the corner where he had sent her and grasped at the stitch that had formed in her side from the run. She rubbed at it before standing up and looking around to find her new boss. 
Darien clung to the shadows, studying her. He noted that Vicky’s hair hung free about halfway down her back, held in place by a purple bandana that clashed with her neon green T-shirt and blue sweatpants. While looking around for the man who had called her out, she walked back and forth, stretching the lactic acid from her legs.
Darien watched for another minute until the hooker, having lost her mark, turned towards the young woman to see if she was horning in on her corner. When Vicky raised her hands to fend off the woman and stepped backwards, he emerged from the darkness, straight into the retreating woman’s path so that she bumped into him. “Is there a problem, Miss Westernly?” 
Vicky whirled around to see the man she was looking for and let out a sigh of relief. “Just a misunderstanding, Mr. Ritter.” She stepped out of her boss’s personal space. 
Darien looked up to see the light in the hooker’s eyes. She knew a man of money when she saw one, and she was going to do her best to make sure that this handsome guy took her home, not the scrawny thing in front of him. 
“Hey, baby.” She sashayed up to Darien. “I can show you a much better time than she can.” 
He looked down at the woman with curious eyes. “Can you now?” Darien asked in a sophisticated tone. 
The woman smiled at him and stepped closer to play with his tie. Vicky moved back from the pair. She didn’t know what was going to happen, but she suddenly felt the need to run. 
“Of course I can,” the working girl answered, before looking up at the burning, green eyes of her potential mark. Her hands froze on his tie as Darien released just a hint of power. The intense pressure staggered the offending woman back, and he smiled at her.
“I really don’t think you can.” Darien turned away and swallowed back the little bit of power that had been released, so he wouldn’t frighten his new employee. 
Vicky just stared at him, wide-eyed. She didn’t know what she had just witnessed, but she was not going to ask and risk her meal ticket. “I b-b—” Vicky swallowed hard, trying to stop the stutter that had slipped into her voice, “—brought the bag for you, Mr. Ritter.” 
Darien sighed. He hadn’t meant to scare his new assistant with his little demonstration. He was almost positive she wouldn’t be showing up for work tomorrow. “Thank you,” he sighed. There was nothing he could do about it now, short of erasing her memories, but he liked the girl and fiddling with people’s minds had always given him problems. Everyone he had ever tried that trick on seemed a little flighty after he was done, if they remembered anything at all. 
Vicky pulled the bag from where it hung on her hip and raised it, so Darien could get into it. He pulled out an electronic key fob before dropping the flap back into place. Vicky stared at the box in his hand in surprise. She had emptied out the satchel earlier and was sure it hadn’t been in there. 
Darien turned and started down the street. Vicky just stood there, trying to work out how she had missed that when she had done her exploration. 
Darien paused in his retreat and turned back to the frozen woman. “Are you coming, Miss Westernly?” 
Her feet moved automatically to join him. Vicky muttered an apology for her delay, and the pair walked slowly down the street. 
The hooker stared after the girl with pity and crossed herself. She didn’t know what the tall man was, but he terrified her. The look he had given her spoke of death and destruction, and she actually feared for the safety of the young woman walking away with him. 
***
Vicky walked next to her employer as they headed in the opposite direction of her home. She glanced back over her shoulder, wondering if Darien needed her to stay or if she was free to go back to her apartment now. Her stomach chose that moment to remind her she hadn’t eaten since the half-finished sandwich at noon. 
Darien smiled at the sound and turned his attention to his young companion. “Have you had dinner yet?” he asked softly. 
Vicky looked up at his profile before returning her attention to the darkened street in front of her. “Not yet,” she admitted. “I was in the process of making something when you called.” 
“I’m sorry I pulled you away,” Darien replied. “Will it be okay?” He was genuinely concerned for the girl. The lunch she had at work seemed rather pathetic. He imagined she was hungry.
“It’ll be fine.” She waved his worry away. “It’s only ramen.” 
Darien cocked an eyebrow at her. He had run her hard today, and she was only having ramen noodles for dinner? This would not do at all. He stopped next to a black sports car and opened the passenger door with the fob from Vicky’s bag. 
She looked questionably at the expensive, little two-seater and then at her boss, trying to decide if she really wanted to be trapped in a small space with the powerful man. Seeing no way to refuse without losing her job, she climbed into the passenger seat. 
Darien laughed silently as he walked around to the other side of the car and got in. He liked that she was wary of him. It meant she knew danger when she saw it, and that was always a good instinct to have. 
Pulling the Aston Martin DB9 into light traffic, Darien took off faster than he really should have. Vicky gripped the handle of the door as he slipped the car into spaces almost too small for it to go. She had never been in anything this powerful… or expensive. 
She assumed he was giving her a ride home, but they zipped past her building without even slowing down. Staring out the window, Vicky tried to make sense of what was happening. “Where are we going?” she finally asked.
“To get something to eat,” Darien answered as he pulled up to a red light. 
Vicky gave him a confused look. “I’ve got dinner waiting at home,” she informed him again, in case he hadn’t heard the first time. 
“I know, but your noodles will probably be very soggy by the time you get back,” he explained. “Consider this an apology for getting you out so late and ruining your meal.” 
Vicky thought about refusing the offer, but the man was right. By the time she got back, the noodles would be mushy and unpleasant. “That’s very kind of you, Mr. Ritter,” she thanked him. 
An odd grin curled the edges of Darien’s mouth. It had been some time since anyone had sincerely told him he was kind.
***
Pulling the sports car up to the curb, Darien shut it off. 
Vicky looked out the window at the darkened building next to her. This was the rich end of town, and she knew of no place around here that would allow her inside dressed as she was. Darien opened the door, and she stared out at him. He cocked his head in question, and she stepped out, clutching the bag to her. 
Shutting the car door behind her, he led the way across the street into a low-lit doorway. Following her boss, Vicky’s steps faltered before hitting the mat in front of the restaurant that was clearly an upper-class establishment. 
Darien paused as he noticed her hesitation. “Is there something wrong?” He looked back to the door he was holding open for the reluctant woman. “Do you not like Japanese?” 
Vicky shook her head, trying to hide behind the messenger bag. “That’s not it, Mr. Ritter,” she explained. “I’m not dressed for someplace like this.” Vicky felt her boss’s eyes travel over her as if he were seeing her for the first time.
“You’re right.” 
She sighed in relief as Darien conceded her point and released the door. Now, she just had to convince him to get her a quick hamburger and let her go home. Before she knew what happened, Darien had his hand on her shoulder and was propelling her into the shop next to the restaurant. He spoke in quick Japanese to the shopkeeper. Vicky didn’t even have a chance to voice her protest before she was relieved of her bag and pushed into the waiting hands of a small woman. 
Twenty minutes later, Vicky was let out of the building in the most beautiful kimono she had ever seen. Her outfit was completed with Zori sandals over Tabi socks, a small bag that matched the obi, and a dark, wooden comb placed smartly in her hair. Her T-shirt, shoes, and pants had been stuck in a wooden box and given to the shop owner with instructions that Vicky didn’t dream of understanding. 
“That’s better,” Darien said as he looked over the outfit his assistant was decked out in. The silk of the kimono started a soft, silvery blue around the collar and shifted in intensity as it fell away from Vicky’s shoulders, so the ends of the sleeves and hem were the blue of a clear sky. There were curvy branches of golds and grays hand painted on the sleeves and down the length of the garment. The kimono was held in place by a peach-colored, textured-silk obi with some kind of large, reddish flowers on a light brown branch and a cord the same color as the deepest blue of the kimono. Vicky felt odd, swaddled in such unusual clothing, but Darien nodded his approval and tucked her hand into his arm as he led her back to the door of the Japanese restaurant. 
The houseman welcomed Darien with a warm smile and a greeting that Vicky recognized from the numerous ninja movies she had watched with her friends in college. The two men spoke for a minute before Darien and Vicky were escorted to a table. This restaurant catered to a wide range of clientele, and Darien thought it would be best to arrange for a Western-style table. He didn’t think Vicky would be able to handle sitting on the floor in her lovely, new outfit. 
As it was, she sat gingerly on the edge of her chair so as not to crush the massive folds of material tied to her back. She hadn’t seen what that lady put back there, but she felt as if she had a pillow tied to her butt. 
Darien set the messenger bag down by his feet and joined his companion at the table. He spoke rapidly to the waiter, and the man left without showing them the menus. 
Vicky sat silently through the entire exchange, not knowing what to say or if the waiter would even understand her. “I thought we were getting dinner?” she asked, as she watched the menus leave without being opened. 
An amused grin curled the corners of Darien’s lips. “It’ll be out in a few minutes.” 
“Oh.” Vicky folded her hands in her lap and studied the weave of the tablecloth. She had no idea what was going on, but she could feel the eyes of her new boss boring into her from across the table. Gathering up her courage, Vicky looked up into those emerald green orbs. Her mouth went dry at the way the man’s eyes sparkled like jewels in the dim light of the restaurant. The way he stared at her made Vicky feel like a little mouse cornered by a cat. And not just some little house cat, but one of those big felines that stared out from the top of cliffs, unseen, before springing out to rip the throat from unsuspecting prey. 
“So, Miss Westernly, tell me about yourself.” Darien leaned forward in his chair, placing his elbows on the table as he spoke. His fingers laced together, and he rested his hands on the table in front of him as he waited for his assistant to answer. 
Vicky picked up the water glass and took a sip to lubricate her throat, so her voice wouldn’t crack when she spoke. “What would you like to know?” she asked, unsure what her boss wanted to hear. She was worried she would say something wrong, and he would dismiss her services.
“I would like to know whom the woman I’m entrusting my life to really is,” Darien explained. 
Vicky’s mind whirled on this thought. She never expected Darien Ritter would want to know anything about her. “Well, I don’t know where to start,” she admitted. “I grew up just outside of the small town of Moraine, the only child of Thomas and Ann Westernly.” She felt that her background was insignificant, but the great man employing her had asked. “Daddy was a farmer until he was killed by a drunk driver when I was fourteen. After he died, Mom sold the farm, and we moved into town so that she could be closer to her job.” Vicky continued to recount her simple life, up to the point when she moved to Brenton on her mother’s claim that Vicky would have better employment opportunities in the city. When finished, she fell silent and waited for some response from the man watching her. 
Darien had listened intently to Vicky’s story without comment and now considered the life that had been laid out before him. Other than the death of her father and the sale of her childhood home, this woman had lived a fairly normal, quiet life. Having watched her face closely, he’d tracked the emotions that played across her eyes as she spoke. He could tell that she still felt pain at the loss of the man who had raised her, and love for the mother who urged her to better herself. It was also apparent that she had started to relax as she spoke, but now she was starting to tense back up as she waited for him to judge her. Darien withdrew his hands from the table and leaned back in his chair. “What made you choose a degree in business?” he asked. 
Vicky was surprised Darien hadn’t made any comment about her provincial life. Picking up the new topic to dispel her growing tension, she talked about job availability and wages, but nothing that would suggest a desire to work in the business world. Only that it was a secure future her mother had pushed her towards as she looked into colleges. 
Vicky had been avoiding looking at Darien’s face as she spoke—his eyes made her uneasy—but she glanced up as she rambled on and fell silent at the look she found there. She could tell that he was slightly disappointed with her answer. Picking up her water glass to cover the pause in conversation, she tried to think of a way to save her job. 
Setting the drink down, she prepared to continue her answer when the waiter appeared with two little bottles, some small cups, and a bowl of bean pods. Darien thanked him and reached for the pods. Vicky watched curiously as her boss popped the pod open and slipped the first of the beans into his mouth. 
He looked up to find her watching him and liked how the girl’s emotions rode her face. It made it easy for him to see what she was thinking. “Have you ever had edamame before?” 
Vicky shook her head, and he pushed the bowl of green pods closer so she could reach them without dragging her sleeves across the table. 
He took another pod and split it along the seam. “You eat just the beans inside,” Darien showed her the small, green pieces. 
She picked one of the beans up and broke it open with her nail. It looked vaguely familiar, and she rolled it between her fingers before putting the slightly salty legume into her mouth. Inspecting the pod and its damp, slightly fuzzy skin, Vicky remembered where she had seen this vegetable before. “Are these soybeans?” she asked. 
Darien smiled and confirmed her guess. Picking up one of the little bottles, he poured some of the clear liquid into one of the cups. 
Now that he was no longer just staring at her, Vicky felt more at ease. She picked up the little cup to see what Darien had offered. Raising it to her lips, she took a swallow. The cool liquid ran across her tongue and down her throat like a good wine should. She never had sake before and was unsure what to expect from the drink. Taking another taste, she relished the drink before setting the dish back on the table. The two sips had almost drained the small vessel, and Darien refilled it for her. She thanked him but didn’t pick it up again. Vicky hadn’t eaten much today and knew drinking on an empty stomach could lead to some very awkward situations, especially with a new boss whom she was trying hard not to disappoint. 
She was saved from commenting about the food when the waiter brought out a large, steaming bowl and placed it on the table in front of her. Vicky looked into the dish and almost laughed out loud. She couldn’t keep the smile off her face as she questioned her boss’s choice of food. “Ramen noodles?”
“You said you were going to have ramen for dinner,” Darien’s eyes twinkled mischievously as he spoke. “It just seemed right.” 
Vicky couldn’t stop the giggle that slipped from her. 
The delicate sound surprised Darien, and he smiled as she picked up the bowl and blew on the hot liquid. She sipped some of the broth from the noodles and set the bowl back on the table to pick up the chopsticks. Darien watched her with half-lidded eyes as he sipped on a cup of sake.
“Aren’t you eating?” Vicky asked, noticing the lack of food in front of her host. 
He shook his head. “I’ve already eaten tonight.” He left out the fact that his dinner had been very different from her delicious-smelling repast. 
Vicky suddenly felt strange eating while her boss watched, but she took comfort in the fact that he munched on the bowl of edamame. She ate her noodles and drank several more cups of the rice wine under Darien’s watchful eyes. No longer feeling like prey being stalked, she now felt like a bug in a glass jar under a magnifying glass. She just hoped that he didn’t see anything that would make him change his mind about hiring her. 
When she was done, the waiter came and took the empty bowl away. Darien paid the bill with one of the credit cards from the bag at his feet. “So, how was it?” He stood up to leave. 
“Those were the best ramen noodles I’ve ever had,” Vicky admitted, as her boss led the way to the door. 
Darien laughed at her response. 
She looked back at his seat and saw he had forgotten the messenger bag. Retrieving it by the handle on top, she hurried to catch up to him. She didn’t want to sling the strap over her shoulder and ruin the beautiful kimono. As she stepped out of the restaurant, Vicky expected Darien to turn to return the clothing she had borrowed, but her boss headed straight to the black sports car they arrived in. She stopped on the sidewalk, shocked, and looked at the shop where her clothing had been left. 
Darien turned when she didn’t come and followed her eyes to the little store. “Come on,” Darien called. Vicky’s feet moved towards him automatically. “Don’t worry about your clothes. They’ll be delivered to the office tomorrow.” 
Her mouth fell open as she realized that he had no intention of returning the silk robes wrapped around her. 
As he held the car door for her, Vicky settled into the passenger seat, muttering softly. Darien smiled when he saw she’d picked up the bag he’d left behind. Glad the spell on the satchel had settled on Vicky so quickly, he was sure she wouldn’t be able to lose it now. The bag was enchanted, so whomever Darien gave it to would want to keep it with them, and others wouldn’t be willing to pick it up. After all, it did have his entire life hidden within its folds. 
“Dreaming. Yes, that’s it—I’m dreaming,” Darien heard Vicky mutter, as she sat on the edge of the seat with the satchel in her lap. 
“What do you mean ‘dreaming’?” he asked, starting the car and pointing it back toward Vicky’s apartment building.
“That’s the only thing I can come up with to explain tonight.” She spoke a little louder as Darien looked sideways at her. “Stuff like this just doesn’t happen in real life, so I must be dreaming.” 
He grinned at her logic. 
“That explains the thing with the hooker, the key that shouldn’t have been in the bag, and buying a kimono to have ramen noodle soup.” Vicky rambled on, convincing herself that she had fallen asleep on the couch when she had first come home. 
Darien chuckled at her. It was obvious she was feeling the sake as he pulled up in front of her apartment building. He opened her door, and she swayed a little as she tried to stand. Darien caught her in his arms before she could fall to the sidewalk. He took the leather bag from her and slung it over his shoulder to help her up the steps to her apartment. 
Vicky pulled her keys from the little bag that matched her outfit and leaned on her new boss as she worked the door open. She stumbled inside when the door swung free, but Darien stopped before he crossed the threshold of her home. 
“May I come in?” 
Vicky turned back to see Darien had stopped at the door. “Sure.” She swayed, surprised by how polite the eccentric man was being. “Please, come in.” 
Darien could feel the power that held him out give way as he stepped across the threshold and into the small apartment. He dropped the satchel on the sofa and took Vicky back into his arms before she fell. 
Her breath hitched as he pulled her closer. That little gasp of air filled her with his rich, spicy smell. It had a slightly coppery tang that she had never experienced with anyone else, but it was far from unpleasant. She found it almost as intoxicating as the sake she had consumed with dinner. His skin was cooler than she had imagined, but the muscles she could feel under his tailored suit were just as hard as she had expected. Vicky squeaked slightly as he lifted her from her feet and carried her across the room and through the door leading to her bedroom. 
Darien placed her on her feet and proceeded to start stripping off the exotic clothing he was sure she wouldn’t be able to remove on her own. 
Vicky pushed his hands away. “I’m not that type of a girl,” she squeaked, as she tried to back away from the man she thought was trying to take advantage of her drunken state. 
Darien chuckled. It had been a while since a woman had pushed him away while he was undressing her. It was rather refreshing. “I’m sorry,” he apologized. “I was only trying to help you with the unfamiliar clothing.” 
Vicky eyed him, warily crossing her arms over her chest protectively. She knew how dangerous it was to have a strange man in her bedroom, and she never meant for him to get this far into her apartment. 
Darien could see she wasn’t going to let him help without some kind of persuasion. He thought about just slipping into her thoughts and pressing her to his will, but that could lead to some odd tensions if she continued to work for him. He thought back to her drunken ramblings in the car. “You’re dreaming all of this, right?” Darien raised an eyebrow at the defensive girl. 
Vicky froze. “Have to be,” she responded. She was 98% certain that what had happened tonight couldn’t be real.
“Then there’s no problem if I help you with the kimono,” Darien coaxed her into relenting. “It’s just a dream, after all.” 
Vicky relaxed a little as he reached out to pull her towards him. He loosened the ends of the cord holding her obi in place. “It’s just a dream,” he said again, softly, as Vicky calmed. 
She stood perfectly still as he pulled the wide strip of cloth from around her and set it on the foot of the bed. He slipped the waistband beneath the obi off, letting the outer kimono fall loose around her. Spinning her around, he pulled the silken robes from her body and laid them on top of the obi. Gently reminding her that this was still a dream, he turned her so he could relieve her of the under kimono in the same fashion. 
When she stood in just the undershirt and half-slip worn under the outer garments, Darien stopped undressing his new assistant and turned her around again. She moved willingly under his hands as he propelled her to the edge of her bed. “It’s only a dream,” Darien whispered again, pulling back the covers to place Vicky in bed. Slipping the sandals from her feet, he reached up to pull the comb from her hair. He could hear her heartbeat increase and her breathing stop as he ran his fingers through her dark blonde locks, checking for any bobby pins that might have been used to help hold the soft hair in place. Darien forced her to swing her legs up and into the bedding. He could see a slight hint of fear in Vicky’s eyes, as he made sure she was properly placed in the bed. The fear subsided when he covered her up instead of climbing in with her. 
Darien set the delicate comb on the nightstand and checked the alarm clock to make sure it would wake Vicky up in the morning. He reached out and patted her on the head, lightly, like a child. “Sleep well, and don’t be late for work tomorrow.” 
“Thank you,” Vicky called to the retreating form of her new boss before closing her eyes and letting sleep take her away. She was sure she would wake up tomorrow morning on the couch, still dressed in the suit she had worn to work that day. 
Darien smiled warmly at the woman snuggled in the covers before he shut the door to her room. He was glad the temp agency had sent her. Not only had she proven she could take what he could dish out at work, she delighted him with her innocence and ability to deal with the unexpected. And she hadn’t complained once. Darien looked around Vicky’s apartment as he let himself out. He approved of her home. It was small, but clean and pleasant, and it fit her personality well. 
Stepping out into the night air, he breathed deeply. It was still early, and he suddenly felt the need for something warmer than the drawn blood he had consumed earlier. Maybe he could find the working girl that was so eager earlier and ‘convince’ her to donate a pint.




Standing in front of her boss’s partially opened door, Vicky wavered, not sure if she should let him know she was there. She was a little apprehensive about facing him after waking up to find the magnificent kimono draped across the foot of her bed. In the crisp light of the morning, she had to finally admit that what had happened last night was not a dream. She had spent most of the morning reprimanding herself, and she half-expected Darien to send her home for being unprofessional. Looking back at her desk, she almost decided to sit down and wait for her new boss to come find her. Shaking off this idea, she plucked up her courage and knocked on the expensive, wooden door, but got no answer.
“Mr. Ritter,” she called, in case he had missed the soft knock. When no answer came, Vicky pushed the door open just a little and poked her head in. Finding the room void of its occupant, she swung the door open fully and stepped into her boss’s office. Seeing she was safe for a few more minutes, she approached Darien’s neat desk and dropped the present she had brought in the middle. She turned to find her employer standing in the doorway with a cup of coffee and a newspaper. Vicky blushed at being caught in his office. “Good morning, Mr. Ritter.” Her voice came out a little quicker than intended as she tucked her hands behind her back. She felt like a kid getting caught in a cookie jar.
Darien raised an eyebrow at the unexpected presence of his assistant in his office. “Good morning, Miss Westernly.” He leaned a little to see what she had done to his desk, but she was standing too close for him to see around her. Straightening back up, he focused on the woman working for him. The corner of his mouth curled up as he took in the loose, knee-length skirt and low-heeled pumps that would be easy to move in. She was ready for another day like yesterday. “I trust you slept well.” 
The color on her skin deepened as she remembered how she got to bed. “Yes. Thank you for taking care of me.” Vicky tried to find a way past the man filling the doorway.
“You’re welcome,” he answered, as if it had just been another normal night. 
This calmed Vicky a bit. Since he hadn’t made a big deal out of it, she stood a good chance of keeping her job. Her heart jumped as Darien walked into the room, angling his course so he could get around the desk. She swallowed down her fear and embarrassment and stood her ground as he moved. It wouldn’t do her any good to bolt from the room like a startled rabbit. “If there is anything I can do, please let me know,” she offered, turning to go. 
Darien stopped when his eyes fell on the two little fruits. He moved around behind his desk and called to her before she could reach the door. “What’s this?” 
She turned to see what her boss was looking at. She knew the answer, but it would only be proper to face him when she spoke. “They’re clementines,” she said. 
Darien chuckled lightly. “I know that. What are they doing on my desk?” He pinned Vicky with a sharp look. 
She shifted from foot to foot as she answered, “I, um…” she started, and then rephrased her thoughts. “You liked the one from yesterday so much, I thought you would like a few more.” 
Darien closed his eyes and smiled gently. The simple gesture warmed his heart, and he looked back at the girl waiting for him to respond. “Thank you.” Darien dropped the newspaper on his desk and picked up one of the little oranges to give it a light squeeze. He could smell the fresh tang of the rind as the oils released under his fingers. 
Vicky nodded her head and left the office, pulling the door shut. 
He tossed the clementine up and caught it before lifting it to his nose to breathe in its rich scent. It did more to liven his senses than the coffees he had taken to drinking. 
Sitting down in his chair, Darien pushed his drink away to look over the morning paper. His eyes took in the dreadful headline over the picture of the charred building that had once been a home. “Body Count Rises in Southside Slaughters.” He perused the article to see that three more people had met horrible ends at the hands of some unknown assailant. Two bodies had been burnt beyond recognition, and one had been torn to little bits and scattered across the yard of the burnt home. This brought the body count to nine. 
There had only been four fires, but every event had left at least one person reduced to palm-sized chunks. The police had no witnesses and no idea as to who was responsible. The few people that were able to help could only confirm that the fires went from nothing to full-blown in a matter of minutes, but no one had been able to tell how the bodies had been ground up. This entire thing had the smell of something supernatural, but as long as it stayed away from his world, Darien didn’t want to get involved. He shook his head and flipped the paper to the business section. Laying it across his desk, he tore into the fruit he had been playing with. 
***
Vicky looked at the time on her computer to find that Darien’s first appointment should be arriving soon. She stood up to knock on her boss’s door. “Your first appointment will be here in about ten minutes,” she informed him before her eyes fell to the massacre on the desk. 
He had absentmindedly shredded the peel of one of the clementines all over his desktop as he read through his morning paper. There wasn’t a single piece bigger than the nail on her pinky. Vicky nearly laughed as Darien looked at the mess, slightly surprised. It was like he had no idea how the rind had fragmented itself. The oil from the peel had colored his fingers yellow, and Vicky giggled at him. “Go wash your hands and I’ll clean this up,” she said as she walked towards the desk. Darien thanked her and disappeared out the office door to wash up. She folded the newspaper and swiped the pieces of peel into the trashcan. 
“Do you see anything else?” Darien asked when he came back from the restroom. He looked over the desk that Vicky had made presentable again. She had even picked up the pieces of peel that had fallen to the floor by his chair. 
She glanced over the room, and then up to her boss. “Fix your tie.” Vicky pointed out the only imperfection she could see. 
Darien looked at her, confused, and then studied his image reflected in the tinted office window. “What?” he asked, unable to see anything wrong with his tie.
“The knot at the top is lopsided.” 
Darien stepped closer to the reflective surface and looked again. It was the same as it always was. He wiggled it a little to straighten it and turned back to his assistant. 
She shook her head signaling that it wasn’t right. “It’s the knot you used. Those are really hard to get straight.” She held her hands out, asking if she could fix it. “May I?” 
“Please.” Darien stood up straight to let her work. This was the same knot he had been using since bowties had gone out of style. 
Vicky took a deep breath and stepped into Darien’s personal space. Pulling his tie off, she flipped it over and proceeded to twist the ends around into a neat, Shelby knot. She pushed it up into place and patted his collar down over the band. Before stepping away, she fiddled with it for another moment, and then nodded her satisfaction. 
Darien turned to look at his reflection and was surprised at how much of a change the different style of knot made. “Where did you learn that?” 
“I learned it from my uncle when I was little and got good at it in college.” Vicky glanced away from her boss as she spoke. “One of the guys I dated could never get his tie straight, so he had me fix it for him.” 
He let out a light laugh. “You’ll have to teach me how it’s done later.” 
Vicky smiled and excused herself to go back out and wait for his appointment. 
Darien looked at his reflection in the glass again and grinned. That girl was just full of surprises.
***
Vicky kicked her shoes off and dropped her bag on the couch in her apartment. Today had been another busy day, but nowhere near as crazy as yesterday. She had been ready to chase after Darien with her new voice recorder and more comfortable shoes, but the man seemed to take his time with everything today. She even had to prod him along so he would make it to his appointments on time. It boggled her mind how her boss could be so hectic one day and so relaxed the next. Was he messing with her? Pushing the thought away, Vicky pulled the wooden kimono box from her bag and took it to the bedroom so she could properly care for the beautiful robe from last night. 
The sound of Vicky’s normal cell phone interrupted her as she pulled the silken fabric into place. She retrieved it and smiled at the name showing on the caller ID.
“Hey, Vanessa,” Vicky called down the line to her best friend. “What’s happening?” She was rewarded with a hardy laugh from the speaker.
“Not much. Just calling to see how you’re doing.” Vicky and Vanessa had been roommates in college and had grown close in the four years they spent together. 
“Doing pretty good,” Vicky confessed. “I finally got a decent job.” 
“Oh, yeah?” Vicky could hear the curious note in Vanessa’s voice. “It’s not like that last one, is it?” 
Vicky shuddered as she remembered her previous job and the smelly, little man who invaded her personal space every time he saw her. He creeped her out so badly that she dreaded going to work. “Nothing like that. This boss may be a little more eccentric,” Vicky glanced at the kimono stretched out on her bed, “but he’s definitely better to work with.” 
“That’s good. Did you hear about the fire last night?” Vanessa changed the subject to the reason she called. 
“You mean the latest in the ‘Southside Slaughter’ case?” Vicky had scanned over the headlines briefly while cleaning the mess from Darien’s desk this morning.
“Yeah, that’s the one. That was Becka’s house.” 
Vicky stood in shock as she took in this news. “You don’t mean Rebecca and Charlie, do you?” Vanessa made a positive noise, and Vicky had to sit down before she fell. “Are you sure?” Her mind flew over what little of the article she had read to see if she could remember if the victims’ names had been given.
“I recognized it from the picture in the paper,” Vanessa sighed. “I was over there a few weeks ago to go shopping with her. She was four months pregnant.” 
Vicky’s heart clenched at hearing this news. Rebecca was more Vanessa’s friend then hers, but they had all hung out at college. “That’s horrible,” Vicky couldn’t believe what her friend was telling her. “That makes four people I knew who have been killed by this crazy arsonist.” She hugged herself as a chill ran down her back.
“Four?” Vanessa exclaimed. “Who were the other two?” 
“Samantha Bridge and Carla Michaels. They were both in my creative writing class.” 
Vanessa whistled. “That’s scary. Marsha Thompson was in my business ethics class.” She fell quiet on the phone for a moment. “Between the two of us, we know five of the victims. I wonder if we’ll know the other four once they’re identified.”
“I don’t think I’m going to sleep well until they catch this guy,” Vicky told her friend.
“You’re safe,” Vanessa laughed at her. “He’s only hit single-family homes on the south side of town. I doubt he would try this shit on an apartment complex in the east. Now me, I’m a different matter. I live on the south side.”
“Don’t say those kinds of things, Vanessa,” Vicky scolded. “If we knew everyone, there’s a possibility we could be the next targets. You want to come over and stay for a while till this thing blows over?” 
“Nah, I just had the smoke detectors in my house checked and bought a fire extinguisher to put under my bedside table,” Vanessa reassured her. “I should be fine.” 
Vicky nodded her approval. “Good.”
“Hey, we’re getting together this weekend to go clubbing. You coming?” 
Vicky smirked at how fast Vanessa could go from grisly fires to the dorm girls’ monthly hangout. “Sure. Same place as always?” 
“Yup.”
“Cool. Unless something comes up, I’ll be there at eight, like normal,” Vicky said with a smile.
“Great! I’ll let the other girls know you’re coming. We can celebrate your new job. I’ve got to run now, so we’ll see you Saturday.” 
Vicky said farewell to her friend and hung up. She stood and turned to face the garment laying across her bed. Now, if she could just remember how that website had said to fold the thing up, she could get it in the 




Vicky clicked her way across the website of the local bookstore, looking for something that would help her with her plight. She had spent an hour last night trying to get the kimono folded correctly, but it never looked like the pictures on the website. She finally gave up and fed the handle of a broom through the sleeves, tacking it to the wall with a few lengths of yarn and some pushpins. It wasn’t the suggested way to store the amazing garment, but at least it got it up off the bed so she could sleep. 
Finally, she chose an available book that looked promising and ordered it for pick up. She looked up at the clock to find that it was almost four. It would probably be safe to go home at five.
Most of the day had been spent sitting at her desk, learning about kimonos and their history. Darien was nowhere to be found this morning when Vicky arrived at seven. It wasn’t until she called the answering service to get his messages that she finally heard from her elusive boss. The message he’d left didn’t explain much, just that he wouldn’t be in this morning, and that she should cancel and reschedule his meetings for the day. Surprisingly, this hadn’t been difficult, and she was left twiddling her thumbs after nine. She did go down to chat with Sue at lunchtime, but she came back to her desk right away, worried that she would get in trouble for not being in the office during the day. 
Vicky sighed as she hit a bomb on what had to be her hundredth game of Minesweeper since she started playing after lunch. She wondered if it would be okay to download that game where you fought off zombies by planting flowers in the yard. It was cute and would be fun on days when she had nothing to do, but she decided to put it off until she could feel out her boss a little bit more. Yes, he had told her she could do whatever she wanted in her down time, but loading games onto the company laptop might be a little too tacky for the first week on the job. 
Vicky clicked the restart button and had just started popping little flags across the grid when the door to the outer office banged open, startling her. She looked up to find that her boss had finally shown up, carrying two large boxes stacked together. Jumping up, she rushed to relieve him of the top one so he could see where he was going.
“Thank you,” Darien said, and stopped to look at the girl he hadn’t expected to see. “What are you still doing here?” he asked as he led the way to her desk to put the heavy boxes down.
“I wasn’t sure what to do when you didn’t come in,” she confessed. “I got the message and rescheduled your appointments, but I didn’t know if I should stay or not.” 
Darien grinned at her. “So you hung around here all day with nothing to do?” 
She nodded. 
“That is very responsible, Miss Westernly. Next time I have you cancel everything and you have nothing to do, you can leave. If you’re still unsure, call and ask. You have my cell phone number.” 
Vicky blushed at her foolishness. Of course she should have called him.
Darien dropped his box on the floor next to Vicky’s desk and moved so she could add her box to it. He knelt down to pull one of the tops off, showing the stacks of paper jammed inside. “These are from a business that I’m considering backing. This is all of their financial information for the last two years, but it’s a bit of a mess. I want it put into a spreadsheet, so I can see if this will be a good investment or not. I was going to leave it till tomorrow, but since you’re already here, could you sort it out?” 
Vicky’s eyes widened as she took in how much work her boss had just dropped on her. Did he expect her to do it all tonight? 
 Looking up at his silent secretary, he chuckled at the surprise on her face. “I need it by the end of the month.” 
She let out a sigh of relief. As long as she had a little time to work on it, there wouldn’t be a problem. “Sure thing, Mr. Ritter,” Vicky agreed to the monumental task. 
Darien dropped the lid back onto the box and stood up. “If you need anything, just let me know.” He turned towards his office as she looked down at the two boxes, thinking about the best way to tackle this project. “Thank you, Miss Westernly,” he called from the doorway before disappearing inside. 
Vicky sighed. At least he was polite about ruining her plans to leave early. She checked the clock. If she hurried, she could make it down to the supply office for some manila folders before they cut out for the evening. 
***
Vicky looked up from the stack of papers she was sorting through to check the time. Ten o’clock AM. Her crazy boss hadn’t shown up again this morning, but there had been no message about canceling his day. There was only an hour until his next appointment, and if she had read the book correctly, this one was across town. Fearing Darien had forgotten about it, Vicky set the papers on her desk and fished out the cell phone to call him. He picked up on the second ring.
“What can I do for you, Miss Westernly?” Darien’s voice crackled through the line. The reception was really bad.
“I was just calling to remind you about the appointment this morning with Mr. Rodgers.” Vicky held the phone away from her ear, trying to save herself from the horrible static.
“Can you drive a standard?” 
She was surprised by his question. “Yes.” 
“Good. Call Mr. Rodgers and tell him we’ll be about an hour late. Take the elevator to the basement garage, ask Charlie in the guardhouse for the keys to my car, and come pick me up. I’ll be landing at Hawking’s Field in about forty-five minutes. Understand?” 
Vicky confirmed his instructions before hanging up and scrambling to collect the files spread across the floor. Hawking’s Field was a tiny airfield on the outskirts of the city, and if she didn’t hurry she wouldn’t make it in time. 
***
With her ever-present messenger bag slung over her shoulder, Vicky stepped off the elevator into the building’s underground parking garage. Until Darien told her about it, she didn’t even know this floor existed. She looked around, found the little guardhouse, and knocked on the door. An elderly man who reminded Vicky of her grandfather greeted her. “I’m Victoria Westernly, and I was sent to get Mr. Ritter’s car,” she explained. 
The man smiled at her and pulled a key from a pegboard behind him. He made Vicky sign his log before handing over the key. “You’ll find her in Bay 465. She’s all ready for you, but please be careful.” Charlie pointed her in the direction of the car she was going to take. 
Vicky thanked him and promised to be careful before heading on her way. The layout of the garage was interesting. On one side were normal parking places with a random assortment of vehicles ranging from shipping trucks to some very high-class sports cars. Vicky’s eyes found the Aston Martin that Darien had taken her to dinner in parked among these cars. On the other side were a series of enclosed bays. Each bay was twice as wide as a normal parking place and had a roll-up door that concealed and protected whatever was inside. Vicky counted the bays as she searched for the one she wanted. She couldn’t help but wonder what Darien had hidden behind all those doors. 
She soon found out when she came to Bay 465. The door was up, and the light came on as soon as she stepped inside. Vicky gasped at the cherry-red finish of the 1957 Ford Fairlane Skyliner waiting for her. Charlie had already opened the windows and put the top down. She had only seen pictures of the hardtop convertible, but it had always been a favorite of her father’s. A tear came to her eye as she thought about what her daddy would’ve said if he had known his little girl would get the chance to drive one. 
Vicky carefully dropped her bag into the back seat and pulled the door open to get in. A smile split her face as the V8 purred to life, and she carefully pulled the car out of the bay. She waved at Charlie as she passed the guard-shack on her way out. The sun was shining warmly as she headed out to pick up her boss. This was going to be a fun drive.
***
Vicky pulled into the small airfield a few minutes before she was expected. The traffic had been light, and she had made good time. Parking the Skyliner near the main office, she checked her hair in the mirror. The pin she had used to hold it in place had come out when she hit the interstate, and the wind had done a number on her long locks. Lacking a brush to reset her hair, she pulled her fingers through it to ease most of the tangles out. 
Once presentable again, Vicky went into the office to check if her boss had arrived yet. “Good morning,” she greeted the woman in the office. “I’m here to pick up Mr. Ritter. Has he arrived yet?” 
The young woman considered Vicky for a moment before smiling at her. “Not yet, but his plane is due in at any time. Just follow this road down to the end of the field and park on the left, inside the hanger.” The woman pointed to the drive that passed in front of the building. 
Vicky thanked her and went to wait for her boss. 
***
Leaning against the side of the car, Vicky waited for Darien to arrive. She watched as the ground crew guided the plane into the building and cracked the hull open. She smiled as her tall boss emerged and looked around. There was a bit of a bounce in his step as he climbed from the plane and moved towards her. 
“The café au lait is probably cold, but the beignets should be okay.” Darien held out a brown bag and a cup of coffee for Vicky to take. 
She gave him a confused look as she relieved him of the gift. Expecting him to get into the driver seat, he surprised her again by heading around and hopping into the passenger’s side. Vicky took a sip of the chicory coffee laced with milk as she stowed the bag of beignets in the back with her satchel. The coffee had cooled off, but it was still tasty. 
She slid into the driver’s seat and looked over at the man who had relaxed back into his seat as if he were going to take a nap. “Are we going straight over to your meeting, or do you need to stop someplace first?” Vicky was unsure if this was the same suit her boss had worn yesterday or not. 
Darien rolled his head a little and cracked an eye to look at her. “Straight over.” 
Vicky gave him a hearty “Yes, Mr. Ritter,” and started the car. 
Darien made a pained noise as soon as they pulled out of the hanger into the sunshine. “Could you please put the top up?” 
She looked over in concern. Figuring he must have a hangover, Vicky quickly located the button that worked the roof.
He let out a relieved sigh as the top closed overhead, blocking out the sun. He hadn’t realized it had gotten that late in the morning. Once more protected from the strong rays of the noonday sun, Darien relaxed back into the seat to enjoy the ride.
“Where’d you get the café au lait and beignets?” Vicky asked, sipping at her coffee. 
“Café Du Monde.” Darien smiled as if he was remembering something good. 
Her brow furrowed, and she turned the cup to read the green logo on it. “You mean the one in New Orleans?” Vicky had heard of the famous shop but had never had a chance to see it.
“That’s the one.” 
“What were you doing in New Orleans?” Vicky was too shocked that he had flown down there to stop the question from slipping from her mouth. 
A mischievous grin curled the corners of her boss’s mouth, and the tip of his tongue darted out to wet his lips. “I had a late night meeting with a Cajun.” 
Vicky’s eyes widened at his answer, and she turned her mind to not wrecking the car. What her boss did on his own time was his own business, and she was not about to ask any more questions. She decided she should just do her job and shut the hell up. 
***
After the last few days, Vicky wasn’t sure what to expect from her eccentric boss. She was just glad it was finally Friday, and she only had one more day until she could relax and attempt to process the past week. 
When she knocked on Darien’s office door, she was surprised to find him already inside, poring over some files. “Good morning, Mr. Ritter. Please let me know if you need anything.” Vicky dropped two clementines on his desk. She wanted to give him something nice for yesterday’s beignets. 
A look of amusement crossed Darien’s face as he looked over his papers at the gift. “Thank you very much, Miss Westernly.” 
Vicky nodded, and considered her boss. “You need to fix your tie.” She pointed to the crooked knot at his throat. It was one of her pet peeves. Vicky was surprised when Darien dropped his paperwork to the desk and stood up. 
He pulled off the strip of cloth as he rounded the desk and held it out to her. “Show me how to do it.” 
Vicky took the silk tie from Darien’s hand. She quickly wrapped the material around her neck and demonstrated the knot she had learned. Darien watched her closely as she repeated it several times before handing the tie back. 
He attempted to copy her movements but fumbled and ended up with the back of his tie facing outward. 
Vicky giggled and stepped closer so she could help. “Like this.” She flipped the fabric over to get him started. 
Darien could hear Vicky’s heartbeat quicken as she explained each step of the knot.
Once it was finished, she slid it into place and made sure his collar was neat before stepping back from the handsome man employing her. The way her heart pounded when they were close told her it was a bad idea to get physically near him. It would be too easy for Darien to sweep her away.
“Thank you.” Darien, smiling warmly, looked down at Vicky. 
Color bloomed on her cheeks as she excused herself from his office. 
He watched Vicky go before returning to his desk and the work waiting for him. This was definitely the girl he needed to make sure his life ran smoothly. He made a note to call the temp agency and have her contract changed from a trial temp to a permanent hire. 




The heavy beat of the music pulsed through Vicky as she glanced around the club for her friends. Finally laying eyes on the girls chatting in the corner, Vicky slipped through the growing crowd to their booth. 
Vanessa was the first to notice her friend’s approach and frowned at her. Vicky looked good in the tight, black dress and heels, but the strap of the bag she carried ruined the line. “What’s that?” Vanessa pointed to the bag. 
Vicky shrugged. She had tried to leave the annoying satchel at home, but it had weighed too heavily on her mind, so she went back to get it. Darien had told her to keep it with her at all times, and she didn’t want to risk his needing something and her not having it. 
Vicky looked at her tall friend and noticed Vanessa’s long, red hair had been curled and styled to frame her beautiful face. “Work,” she explained. “I’m on call, so I brought this with me in case I’m needed.” 
Vanessa rolled her eyes as Vicky unslung the bag and dropped it on the floor next to the booth. She took a seat with the other three girls, and they chatted about their weeks as the waiter brought them drinks. 
“I thought you were on call.” Maggie giggled as Vicky took a long pull from her fruity drink. 
Vicky smiled over her glass at the petite brunette. “Just because I’m on call doesn’t mean he will call.” Vicky took another sip as the rest of the girls joined Maggie laughing. “Anyway, I didn’t drive, so if something comes up, I’ll just have to take a cab.” 
The rest of the girls agreed this was a sensible idea.
“So what is this new job of yours?” Beth asked, from the other side of the table. 
Vicky shrugged at the dark-haired girl. Looking over her three friends, she thought about the answer. “I’m a personal assistant,” Vicky wasn’t sure if she should fill them in on whom she was assisting.
“Ohh… a personal assistant,” Maggie repeated, giggling even harder. 
Vicky elbowed her. “Not like that!” She fumed at her friends teasing. “I keep my boss’s life in order. You know: appointments, finances, running errands, that kind of thing. That’s what is in the bag.” 
Her friends were still giggling as she shook her head. 
“So what’s your boss like?” Vanessa asked. 
“He’s just your normal businessman. He has enough meetings to run a racehorse ragged, but I guess that’s to be expected in the corporate world.” Vicky shrugged. “Otherwise, he’s nice. A little absentminded at times. And he can be somewhat eccentric, but he treats me well, so I can’t complain.” 
The girls nodded their approval.
“Is he cute?” Beth asked. 
Vicky blushed as Darien’s image came to mind. The giggles commenced around the table again. “I have to admit, he is handsome.” 
The girls perked up, so they wouldn’t miss any of the details. 
“Tall, with rich, brown hair and emerald-green eyes.” 
“Tall, dark, and handsome,” Vanessa teased. “No wonder you don’t mind being on call.” 
 Vicky scoffed at her friend. “He’s my boss!” She defended herself, making the other girls laughed again. “Now, if you’re done teasing me about my gainful employment, do you want to go dance?” 
Her friends poked at her in fun for a moment more before agreeing.
***
It didn’t take them long to get lost on the dance floor. Vanessa was the first to pick up a guy, but the fact that she was built like a supermodel made it easy for her to get just about any guy she wanted. 
Vicky had just started dancing with the friend of the guy Maggie was clinging to, when a familiar tune cut through the din of the club and grabbed Vicky’s attention. She quickly excused herself from her dance partner and ran to the messenger bag to retrieve the phone. The guy followed her from the dance floor.
“Hello?” Vicky answered breathlessly, plugging up her other ear so she could hear what her boss was saying. She was surprised she had even heard the gentle tones of the phone over the heavy beat of the dance music.
“Sorry to disturb your night, Miss Westernly, but I need something from the satchel. Do you have it with you?” 
Vicky could barely hear Darien’s voice over the noise. She waved the guy she had been dancing with back with a mouthed response of “my boss,” and disappeared into the bathroom. 
“Sorry, Mr. Ritter, I couldn’t hear you. Could you please say that again?” she asked as soon as the walls of the restroom held out most of the thumping music.
“I asked if you had your bag,” he repeated.
“Yes, I’ve got it with me.” 
“Good. Where are you?” 
“Alchemy, on the west side of town.” 
“That’s not far. I’ll see you out front in about ten minutes.” Darien hung up before Vicky could respond to his request. 
She pulled the phone away from her ear and looked at it. What was someone like him doing on this side of town? 
When she stepped out of the bathroom, she found that her friends and the guys they had picked up were standing around the table waiting for her return. Vanessa had seen her bolt from the dance floor and had followed.
“My boss needs something from the bag.” Vicky smiled at her friends as she gathered the satchel from the floor. She had kept a close eye on it all night, but no one had bothered it at all. “He is going to meet me out front in ten minutes.” 
Vicky’s three friends all perked up when they heard that her mysterious boss was coming to the club. The prospect of meeting Vicky’s tall, dark, and handsome employer overshadowed the men clinging to them. The girls paid out their tabs and promised the guys they’d be back after they had made sure their friend’s boss was treating her right. 
***
Vicky rocked on her heels as she waited for Darien to show up. The excitement from her three friends was tangible as they chattered about the possibilities. 
“So, what’s he like?” Vanessa prodded as they waited for the man to show up. 
“I told you, he’s just your average businessman.” Vicky sighed. 
“Ohh, I bet he’s rich.” Beth giggled. “He has to be well-off to have a personal secretary ready to do his every bidding.” 
Maggie agreed, making Vicky shoot them a frosty glare.
She rolled her eyes at her friends. “Of course he’s rich. He runs the company.” 
Her friends giggled again. Vicky could tell they’d been drinking a little too much. 
“I bet he’s a hot, foreign guy,” Maggie piped in. “Does he have an accent?” 
“I would love a rich, hot guy with a foreign accent!” Beth moaned. “I so want him to be English, or even Scottish. I love listening to British guys talk!”
Vicky shook her head as their ideas got wilder and wilder. “Sorry to burst your bubble, but he doesn’t have a cool accent.” 
“Oh, I know!” Vanessa added her idea to the pot. “Wouldn’t it be great if he came from some mega-rich family, like a lost prince or a lord or something?” 
“Yeah, a vampire lord out to drink your blood!” Beth added as her imagination worked overtime in her slightly drunken state. The others laughed at this outrageous idea.
Vicky sighed. “No, Beth, he’s not a vampire. We work during the day. What kind of fiction do you read, anyway?” 
The others picked up this train of thought and ran with it. By the time Darien finally showed up, the girls had reinvented Vicky’s boss as a master vampire. Vicky had been given the role of the fair maiden who was seduced into being his courtesan and food. 
When Vicky spotted the familiar Aston Martin pulling up to the curb, she shushed them, but the women didn’t need any encouragement to be quiet. All three stood with their mouths open in awe at the little, black sports car. They were even more taken aback when Darien stepped from the car in a black dress shirt and slacks. He looked over at his assistant standing on the sidewalk in front of the club. 
“He can bite me any day of the week,” Vanessa whispered, just loud enough for the girls to hear. She was rewarded with a string of giggles from her friends and a stern look from Vicky. 
“He doesn’t have fangs. Now cut it out!” she hissed at her friends, trying to get them to be more serious. This was her boss they were talking about. 
Darien smiled as he ran his tongue over the tip of one of his canines. If she only knew how pointy those teeth could get when he wanted them to. He’d heard everything the girls had said from the moment he had stepped out of the car. His hearing was exceptionally good. 
“Good evening, Mr. Ritter.” Vicky addressed him as professionally as possible, under the circumstances. She heard more giggles from her teasing friends and swore she was going to beat them as soon as her boss left. 
“Good evening, Miss Westernly.” Darien tried not to smile at her annoyance. “I’m sorry that I pulled you away from your fun, but I need something from inside that bag.” He pointed to the black messenger bag.
“It’s no problem.” She pulled it off and handed it over to her boss. 
Darien took it to the back of his car, and Vicky grimaced when he plopped it down, unceremoniously, on the expensive car. 
Maggie leaned forward and whispered into Vicky’s ear. “That’s not Darien Ritter?”
Vicky nodded her head, confirming the theory. 
Maggie whistled her amazement. “How the hell did you get that job?” This was one of the most powerful men in Brenton, and Vicky was nobody.
“Temp agency,” Vicky admitted.
Maggie nearly passed out. No one scored a job like this from a temp agency. 
Darien muttered to himself as he dug into the bag, looking for something. 
“Miss Westernly…” 
His call drew Vicky’s attention away from her awed friends. 
“Can you come hold this for me?” He held out the leather books from inside the bag without looking up. 
Vicky quickly stepped up to relieve him of the items. 
“Thank you. They kept trying to slip off the back of the car.” 
She looked at the sloped back window and the short lip of the trunk and smiled. The back of an Aston Martin was definitely not a good place to empty out a bag. 
Vicky was confused by her boss’s actions. Darien had emptied most of the items out of the satchel, but he was still rummaging around, looking for something. She startled when he let out a sudden “Aha!” upon finding what he wanted deep in the folds. Looking on in surprise, she watched as he pulled out a rather worn, leather pouch she had never seen before. 
Darien opened the pouch and dumped out a handful of colorful rocks. He picked out two large, green ones before sliding the rest back in. Tossing the small bag back into the satchel, he pocketed the stones before holding his hand out for Vicky to return the books she was holding. She gave them over, and he stuck them back into the bag and flipped the top over. Darien turned to face his assistant and handed the bag back to her. She eyed it warily before taking it and pulling the strap over her shoulder.
“It’s dangerous out at night,” Darien looked over the four women standing on the sidewalk. Turning his attention back to Vicky, he asked, “How are you getting home?” 
Vicky opened her mouth to answer him.
“She’s going to walk,” Vanessa cut her off. 
A tiny spark of annoyance lit his face as he pinned Vicky to the sidewalk with slightly narrowed eyes. 
Turning her head, she yelled at her friend. “Not in these heels!” She looked back to her boss. “I was going to call a cab when we’re done.” 
Darien nodded his approval. A cab would be better than walking or driving. He could smell the alcohol on her. 
“But, we’re already done here,” Beth lied. 
Vicky stared at her with wide eyes as Maggie and Vanessa both snickered. 
“Yeah, I’m going to take these two home now,” Vanessa informed him. “So, Vicky’ll have to wait here for her cab by herself.” 
A devious grin curled the edges of Darien’s lips. It was easy to see that these women were trying their best to get him to take Vicky home. He had a good idea what they were hoping would happen, but he decided giving her a lift would be better than leaving his assistant in the care of her drunken friends. 
Walking over to his passenger door, Darien popped it open. “Get in.” He spoke with a commanding tone that wouldn’t allow Vicky to argue with him. 
Looking from the open car door to her smiling friends, Vicky huffed before stomping over to the car. As Darien shut the door, she glared at the three girls waving from the sidewalk. She shook her finger at them, angrily letting them know she would get them for this later. 
The girls laughed at her plight and turned to go back into the bar where their guys were waiting for them. 
Vicky hung her head and shook it in exasperation as Darien slipped into the driver’s seat. “I’m sorry about this, Mr. Ritter,” she sighed. “I really don’t know what’s gotten into my friends tonight.” She looked over at Darien’s profile. “It’s no problem for me to get a cab.” 
Just as she reached for the door handle, he clicked the electronic lock, cutting off any more argument from his passenger. 
She shivered as he held her with a penetrating gaze. It was amazing how his eyes shimmered in the light from the car’s console. 
“Safety is important, especially late at night.” Darien turned back to the road and eased the car away from the curb. “I really don’t mind making sure you get home.” 
She folded her hands in her lap. “Thank you, but I don’t want to keep you from what you were doing.” 
“Don’t worry about it,” he replied. “That old codger has been waiting for this prize a long time. It won’t kill him to wait a little bit longer.” Something else passed across Darien’s face as he spoke, “But I will, if I find out he was cheating.” 
She shuddered at the cold note in her boss’s voice, and they rode for the rest of the trip in silence.
***
Darien pulled up in front of Vicky’s apartment and turned to look at her. Relaxed against the seat, Vicky had nodded off during the trip home. Her head tilted over so her face was turned away from him, leaving the long line of her neck exposed. Darien felt the sharp points of his fangs against his lip as he thought about how tempting the soft skin over her pulse point was. He couldn’t help thinking about how defenseless she was in that position. After considering it for a moment, he shook the thought away. It would be a bad idea to mix work with pleasure. He’d gone through a lot of trouble trying to find someone so well suited to his needs. It wasn’t worth the risk of having to go through that hell again just for a little blood. 
“We’re here.” Darien touched his assistant’s shoulder to wake her up. 
Vicky shook her head to clear her mind of the sleep that had overtaken it. She yawned into the back of her hand, breathing deeply as she stretched the sleep from her. Embarrassed, she realized she had fallen asleep. . “I’m so sorry, Mr. Ritter. Thank you for taking me home.” 
He smiled warmly at her. “You’re quite welcome, Miss Westernly. Now, go get some rest.” 
Unable to get her eyes to focus properly on her boss’s face, Vicky blinked several times before thanking him again and getting out of the car. 
Darien waited around until she was safely inside before heading back to the game of chance he’d left to retrieve the two uncut emeralds from the depths of Vicky’s bag.
***
Vicky dropped the mysterious bag on the couch as she headed to the bathroom to wash her face. Once clean, she changed out of her dress and crawled into her covers. 
Studying the patterns on the kimono, she tried to sort out what had caused her to do a double take on the face of the handsome man that dropped her off. Vicky was sure it was just her sleep-addled mind and the stupid shenanigans of her friends that caused her to see things that weren’t real. There was no way she had seen fangs poking out of the corners of her boss’s mouth. Vicky closed her eyes and let herself slip back into dreams filled with thick, foreign accents, vampires, and brilliant, green eyes.




The keys on Vicky’s computer clicked as she entered the data from the files piled on her desk. She had finally emptied out both of the boxes that Darien had left for her to organize. Between keeping her boss on time and running his random errands, it had taken her the better part of the week just to get the papers in something that resembled order. Now that they were sorted out, all she had to do was input the information into the spreadsheet she’d created. Once finished, she would have a clear and precise account of all the finances of the small company Darien was interested in picking up. It should only take another week of constant work for her to finish the job. 
Her attention was pulled away from the figures when the door to the outer office swung open, and a large man walked in. Dressed in dark jeans and a red T-shirt under a black leather biker’s jacket, the man stood a full head taller than Vicky did. His hair was dark brown and would have looked rather nice if he had combed it properly. As it was, he looked as if he had just run his fingers through his hair roughly. The stranger’s heavy boots carried him with intent towards Darien’s office. 
Vicky stood to greet the man before he could interrupt her boss’s conference call. “Good afternoon, sir,” she began. “Is there something I can do for you?” 
The man ignored her and continued towards her boss’s door. 
Vicky quickly put herself between him and the door. 
He stared at her, surprised. “I’m here to see Darien. Move,” he growled. 
She took a step back but didn’t shift out of his way. “Mr. Ritter is busy at the moment,” she informed the man glaring at her. “If you would like to make an appointment, I’d be happy to help you.” 
He growled at her again and took another step towards the inner office. “I’ll see him now.” 
Vicky took another step back, so she was almost against the door. She raised her hands and placed them on the man’s chest to stop his forward momentum. “I told you, he’s busy now. Please don’t make me have to call security.” 
Before she knew what was happening, the man grabbed her by the throat, lifted her up to his eye level, and pressed her into the wooden door. “I will see him now,” he snarled into her face. 
Vicky clawed at his hand as she gasped for air. She kicked at him, trying to get free. Dark spots filled her vision as pain radiated from where he was crushing the life from her. She tried to scream for help, but nothing would come out past the hurt being caused her. The last thought that passed through her mind before darkness engulfed her was that the stack of paperwork next to her desk would never get entered into the spreadsheets. 
***
Darien opened his office door and caught the unconscious form of his assistant as she fell from his unannounced visitor’s hand. He quickly gathered the un-breathing woman into his arms and transported her to his leather couch, knowing he would need to do something fast to save her life.
“Damn it, Rupert!” Darien cursed. “Why the hell did you go and do that?” He checked Vicky’s pulse and found it thready. 
“She’s human?” Rupert said, slightly shocked, as he stepped into the room and shut the door. “With the way she was acting, I didn’t realize she was. You can fix it, right?” 
“Yes, but I’d rather not have to,” he growled at his visitor before turning his mind to the girl who desperately needed his help. 
Darien’s unwelcome guest watched him work.
Rupert had done a fine job of crushing her trachea. Darien knelt next to Vicky and placed his right hand over the damaged area. Using his left hand, he pinched off her nose and tilted her head back slightly, so he could press his mouth firmly over hers. He blew gently into her mouth, trying to push some air into her lungs. As he did so, Darien released a tendril of power into the damaged area and forced the crushed windpipe back to its original shape. Tasting the blood bubbling up from her injury, he suppressed the shiver of excitement that always came with the taking of blood from a living being. 
Once she could breathe again, Darien pulled away from her mouth, pushed back his vampiric nature, and centered himself so that he could complete the healing she still needed. 
Now calmer, he drew another deep breath and sealed his lips to hers once more. The rich taste of her fresh blood was hard to ignore, but he forced back the cravings and concentrated on rebuilding the injured tissue. 
When the majority of the work was done, Darien pulled back from the life-giving kiss and sat back on the carpet to collect himself. He pushed up from the floor and turned his attention to the man watching from the other side of the room. 
“What do you want, wolf?” Darien snarled with fangs in full view. 
Rupert’s eyes widened at the response from the normally calm vampire. He had seen Darien heal many times, but he had never seen this reaction before. 
“Are you okay?” Rupert asked. 
“Not really. Crushed throats lead to blood in the mouth. Very bad for one’s control.” Darien walked farther away from the source of his issues, yanked opened the window, and stuck his head out. He could still smell the fresh blood from his assistant. 
“Sorry about that. I’ve just had a lot on my mind recently.” Rupert rubbed the back of his neck and looked a little remorseful. He glanced back to the young woman resting on the couch. “I’d forgotten how fragile humans can be.” He turned his attention back to Darien leaning out the window, drawing in the clean air. “I didn’t think you all needed to breathe,” the werewolf commented.
 “We don’t breathe when we sleep, bloody madra,” he scolded him. 
Rupert could see that Darien was regaining control. When the vampire turned around, his fangs were gone. 
Darien leaned against the open windowsill with his arms crossed over his chest. “Now, what do you mean by coming here during business hours and accosting my employees?” 
Rupert turned serious. “Have you heard about the recent murders?”
“The ones the reporters have dubbed the ‘Southside Slaughters’?” Darien asked. 
Rupert nodded. 
“I’ve been following them in the papers. What about them?”
“There was another fire last night.” 
Darien shrugged at this information. “So?”
“The shredded victims were all my wolves,” Rupert said grimly. He was the local pack alpha, and, although he was a rough man, he cared dearly for all the people in his pack. 
Darien uncrossed his arms and stared at Rupert in shock. He had assumed that the torn up bodies had something to do with a rampant werewolf. Such things normally were, but for something to have torn up werewolves without being seen or heard by anyone was insane. “If these murders weren’t caused by your kind, what did it?” 
Rupert shrugged. “I was hoping you could help us find out,” the alpha wolf explained. “There’ve been other strange happenings in the south side before the fires started, and we had been trying to track down the cause of the trouble. So far, we’ve been unsuccessful. I was hoping the Vampire Council would be able to help.” 
Darien looked at him, astonished. It had been a long time since the werewolves and vampires had gotten together to deal with anything. The last time had ended badly, and the two groups usually avoided each other like the plague. “You, of all people, should know there are difficulties between the vampires and the wolves,” Darien pointed out. 
Rupert nodded. “That’s why I’m coming to you. You’re the only one in town on neutral ground with both groups. Please, Master Darien,” Rupert begged, “we can’t handle this by ourselves.” 
Darien sighed deeply and pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to ward off the headache that he knew this would cause. How could he refuse a begging pack alpha? “All right,” he relented, “but you owe me twice for this. Once for dealing with the Vampire Council and once for injuring my people. And, I expect you and yours to be nice to Miss Westernly in the future. She works too hard to be treated with such disrespect.” 
“You have my word.” Rupert bowed deeply, accepting the demand of two boons. He would have given much more to ensure the safety of his pack. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’d like to go visit my sister before leaving.” 
Darien waved him off with a growled warning not to disturb anyone else on his way out. 
Rupert agreed, chuckling as he exited the office. 
Darien looked over at the sleeping form of his assistant. He was going to have to get something to quiet his hunger before he really did sink his fangs into that undefended neck of hers. 
***
Vicky tried to breathe deeply as she woke, but coughed when the air caught in a sore place in her throat. She let out a pained noise as she raised her hand to her neck and touched it gently. Her eyes opened to reveal an unfamiliar ceiling. Rolling her head over to look at the room around her, she was shocked to find she was lying down on the couch in Darien’s office. Someone had placed a woven blanket across her to keep her warm. 
Pulling herself into a sitting position, Vicky puzzled over how she got into this predicament. She could just remember the violent man lifting her against the door, but everything after that was missing. Vicky could see her boss working on some project at his desk. When she tried to stand up, her head spun violently, and she sat back down. 
“Careful there.” Darien got up from his work and sat on the edge of the couch next to where Vicky was hunched over. He pulled her up, so he could look in her eyes to make sure she would be okay. “You’ve had a nasty shock.” 
She moved limply under his gentle hands. “Is he gone?” Vicky croaked hoarsely. She swallowed, trying to soothe her sore throat. 
Concern crossed Darien’s face at how crackly her voice was. He was worried he had missed something important when he reconstructed her windpipe. “He’s left and won’t bother you again,” Darien reassured her. “Let me have a look at your throat.” 
Vicky nodded lightly and tilted her head back, exposing the injury. 
Placing his right hand behind her head to support her, he wrapped his left across the bruised skin of her neck, and pushed a bare hint of power into the damaged area, searching for the problem. Finding a split in the cartilage around her vocal cords, he snapped it back into place where it belonged. He could have healed her completely, but that would lead to some very hard questions that he didn’t want to answer. 
Vicky was in too much pain to disagree with her boss’s invasion of her personal space. His hands felt good on the soreness of her neck. They were unusually warm, and the heat penetrated deep into her throat, soothing the hurt. She closed her eyes and relaxed as she let him feel her throat. A quick, sharp pain brought a cry from her lips, and she nearly passed out from the intensity of it. The only things that had kept her from collapsing to the cushions were the hands on her neck. Vicky panted as black spots danced behind her eyes. She felt Darien shift her so that she was lying down on the couch again.
“Rest here for a little longer,” he said softly.
Vicky nodded without opening her eyes. She didn’t feel as if she could get up at the moment, anyway. 
He fluffed the blanket back over her and went to find her something to drink. Even though he had sped the healing process along, Vicky would need rest to allow the tissue to knit properly. 
***
 Vicky woke up to the more familiar ceiling of Darien’s office. Her throat felt better, so she sat up slowly and looked around the dimly lit room. 
Darien was using the light on the corner of his desk to fend off the growing darkness as he read through the thick stack of paperwork in his hands. He folded the papers back into a file and placed it lightly on his desk before coming to check on her. Vicky watched him approach.
“How are you feeling?” he asked. 
Vicky cleared her throat lightly and smiled weakly. “Better,” she whispered. The crackle was gone from her voice, but it was still tender to talk. 
Darien nodded his approval and held out his hand so Vicky could use it to stand. “It’s getting late. Let me take you home. You should be fine by morning,” he reassured her. 
“I’m sorry,” Vicky whispered as she took hold of his hand and rose from the couch. She felt bad that she had slept for most of the day. 
“Don’t be.” He patted her on the shoulder as they headed towards the door. “It’s not your fault. You did a good job today.” 
Vicky looked at him skeptically and shook her head as she headed to her desk. Saving her work, she cleared away her project before picking up her bag, so Darien could take her home. 
Holding the door for her, he let her lead the way. 
Vicky was still unsure how to feel about the events of the day as she settled into the passenger seat of the familiar Aston Martin. She closed her eyes and thought about the man who had strangled her and the last thought that passed through her mind as she black out. A joyless laugh slipped from her.
“What’s funny?” Darien asked, trying to coax Vicky’s thoughts from her.
“Ironic more than funny.” 
He cocked an eyebrow, and Vicky continued.
“I was sure I was going to die when that guy had me pressed against the door, but it didn’t happen.” The day had been too surreal to scare her at the moment.
Darien was surprised at how well she was taking the near-death experience. Of course, he wasn’t about to tell her how close she had actually come to dying. “What didn’t happen?” he prodded.
She shrugged. “That whole ‘life flashing before your eyes’ thing. It didn’t happen. No thoughts of my family or friends. Nothing about my past. The only thought that hit me was of the pile of folders sitting next to my desk, and how I wouldn’t get the chance to enter them into the spreadsheets.” 
 “Well, you don’t need to worry about it now.” Darien shot her a smile as he pulled out into the evening traffic. “You’re fine, and you’ll get the chance to get back to those files tomorrow.” 
Vicky let out a heavy sigh that made Darien chuckle. Turning her attention away from her boss, she stared out the window. The world slipped past, unseen, as her fingers found their way to the tender area of her neck. The sound of the cartilage in her throat giving way under the pressure of the man’s hand had terrified her. She had been sure she was going to die, but here she sat with only a sore throat. How she had managed to escape her doom was beyond her, but she was sure it had something to do with the man driving her home. Unfortunately, she couldn’t think of a good way to ask him. Nothing short of extensive surgery could fix a crushed trachea, and that obviously wasn’t the case here. Maybe the terror and pain had made her think there was more injury than there really was. Vicky nodded her head as she settled on this explanation of the day’s events. She had just passed out from lack of oxygen, and her mind had exaggerated the experience into something more serious than it was. 
“Make sure you get something to eat before going to bed.” 
Vicky was pulled from her thoughts by Darien’s words. She blinked for a moment until she realized they were sitting in front of her apartment building. “I will,” she promised as she clambered out of the car. Turning around, she bent over, so she could look at the man who had taken such good care of her. “Thank you.” 
Darien smiled warmly at her. “You’re quite welcome, Miss Westernly. I’ll see you tomorrow.” 
Vicky closed the door and found her way into her apartment before Darien pulled back out onto the street. Dropping her bag in its customary spot on the couch, she kicked off her shoes and headed into the kitchen to drop a package of ramen noodles in a pot. If she overcooked them a little, they would be soft enough to get down without hurting her already-tender throat.




Darien studied the silken scarf wrapped around Vicky’s neck. It was soft and flowing, and it accented her outfit quite nicely, but that wasn’t the reason his assistant was wearing it. The scarf didn’t quite cover all the bruising, but it was just the right color to make one question if the purpling seen around the edges was on the skin or part of the scarf. 
“Good morning, Miss Westernly. How are you feeling today?” 
Vicky raised a hand unconsciously to her throat before answering. “Much better. Thank you, Mr. Ritter.” Dropping her hand, she fished into the plastic bag she was carrying. “I brought you something for taking care of me yesterday.” 
Darien cocked a curious eyebrow as Vicky pulled out a small, wooden crate and sat it gently on his desk. He laughed at the box of clementines. “You really didn’t have to do that.” Darien looked up at her with a warm expression.
“I know, but I wanted to.” Vicky looked down shyly at the corner of the desk as she spoke. When he didn’t respond, she glanced up find him staring at her. The intensity she found there made her cheeks warm. 
“Thank you.” 
Vicky nodded in response. Darien’s voice had taken on a more tangible quality than normal. Her blush deepened as his voice caressed her insides. Slipping back into professional mode, she said, “If there’s nothing else at the moment, I’m going to run down to the café and get some coffee before hitting that paperwork. Would you like something?” 
A grin curled one side of Darien’s mouth. “No, but thank you.” 
Vicky nodded again and disappeared through the door. 
Shaking his head, Darien considered the girl. It had been a long time since anyone surprised him as much as she did. He marveled at the graceful way she kept up with his hectic life while dealing with the more unpredictable bit of his nature.
Darien hadn’t been sure what Vicky’s mental state would be when she came in this morning. He had been prepared to deal with an emotional wreck, but she didn’t seem shaken by the werewolf’s attack at all. It would probably be a good idea to watch her for the next few days to make sure she wasn’t in some state of shock. Nothing like that had happened in the three years Marianna had worked for him, but he was sure Vicky’s predecessor would have quit over being nearly killed. 
 Pulling the wooden box towards him, Darien tugged the plastic mesh off, freeing the little oranges. He picked one up and rubbed his thumb across its skin as he pondered his new assistant. How much of his world could she handle before she ran away screaming? Pushing the thought away, Darien vowed he would do his best not to let it near her again. Vicky was much too innocent to deal with the world of the night.
***
“What’s wrong?” 
Sue’s question pulled Vicky from her thoughts. She had zoned out while waiting for the young woman to finish making her drink. 
Sue set the hot coffee on the counter and smiled encouragingly at her customer. 
Vicky pursed her lips as she debated telling the barista about her issues. She didn’t dare tell her normal friends about her recent attack. Vanessa would have her suing someone. Finally, she asked, “Have you ever been truly terrified for your life?” 
Sue’s eyes slipped to the scarf, and she smiled understandingly. “Yes,” she admitted. 
A puzzled look crossed Vicky’s face as she thought about this answer for a second. “How do you cope with it?” She raised her hand to the scarf to make sure it hadn’t slipped. 
Sue gave her a worried look. “Did something happen with Mr. Ritter?” 
Vicky was startled by the question. “No, not with Mr. Ritter.” She shook her head. “There was an… incident with someone who came to visit him yesterday.” 
Sue’s eyes widened a little as Vicky spoke. 
“I’ve been reliving the experience in my mind all night, and it really has me freaked out. Sure, you hear about people getting hurt every day in the news, but you never imagine it could happen to you. I was almost afraid to get out of bed this morning.”
“I can understand how that could shake your world a bit.” Sue sighed, pulling a large, chocolate chip cookie from the case and placing it on the counter with Vicky’s coffee. “There are two things you can do. Either you can let them win and go through life in a constant state of fear, or you can use it to become stronger. Yes, there are violent people out there, but there are also a lot of good people. If you shut yourself up to avoid one, you miss out on the opportunity to meet the other.” 
Vicky smiled weakly as she mulled over Sue’s words. “Thank you.” She picked up the coffee and cookie. “You’ve given me a lot to think about.”
“Anything I can do to help.” Sue waved Vicky off and turned back to tend to her coffee machines. 
As Vicky headed back to her office, she took a bite from the cookie and found that it was still slightly warm. She smiled, licking the sweetness from her lips. Nothing sets the world right like slightly melted chocolate from a fresh-baked cookie.




“We’ll need to leave in about ten minutes.” 
Darien looked up from his desk to acknowledge the words of his assistant. He was glad to see her throat had finally healed enough for her to stop wearing those damn scarves. She had several that she coordinated with her outfits, but it was clear that they bothered her. A week and a half of her incessantly fidgeting with the scraps of material was almost more than Darien could stand. 
He slipped the folder of notes into his desk drawer and stood up to look at his reflection in the rain-spattered glass. Today’s weather was not the best for his weekly visit with Mr. Rodgers, but he needed to pick up the progress reports from his car-loving associate. He had already pushed their normal, Thursday-morning meeting to Friday afternoon. “Is everything ready?” Darien turned to look at Vicky waiting for him by the door. 
“I’ve already called down to Charlie to make sure the car is ready,” she answered, “and Gracie Ann from Cacophony called to cancel her appointment this afternoon, so we don’t have to rush. Seems the roof of her building sprung a leak, and she has everyone moving the instruments around so they won’t get wet.” 
Darien’s brow creased as he worried about the little music store he had started backing. Ritter Enterprises had begun as a shipping corporation, but Darien loved to dabble in small businesses that were unable to get financial assistance by normal means. Even though her credit was abysmal, Gracie Ann had pleaded such a strong case that he just couldn’t say no. Once it was established, he had been very pleased with the way she ran the shop. But something like this could really cause her problems. 
“Has she called someone yet?” Darien asked.
“Already taken care of,” Vicky informed him with a smile. “I called Rick’s Roofing. He’ll look at it tomorrow when the rain has stopped.” 
Darien snickered. Of course Vicky would ask another one of his small businesses to deal with Gracie Ann’s problem. “Very nice. Now, let’s go see what Charlie’s picked for us today.” Darien led the way out of the office. 
Vicky paused long enough to grab up her messenger bag as she passed her desk. 
He glanced at the stack of files next to Vicky’s desk as he passed. It didn’t look any smaller than it did on the day she had placed it there. “How is your project coming?” Darien asked, pushing the button to call the elevator. 
“Pretty good, actually,” she informed him. “It should only take about a day or two of steady work to enter the rest of the information.” She gave a small sigh as they entered the elevator and Darien sent it to the underground basement. “I was hoping to have it finished by today, but it took me longer than I anticipated.” Vicky’s hand moved to her throat as she recalled the reason she was behind. 
Over the days following the incident, Darien had watched as Vicky dealt with the feelings left from Rupert’s heavy-handed treatment. At first, he had been worried. More than once, he caught her playing with her scarf while staring off into space. Evidently, she had come to some kind of terms with it. She seemed back to her normal self again.
Darien let Vicky lead the way to the guardhouse, where Charlie was waiting. She had learned that the old man was less of a guard and more of a caretaker to Darien’s extensive car collection. Charlie did all the upkeep and maintenance needed to keep the machines purring the way they should. 
“Whatcha’ got for us today?” Vicky asked, bouncing as she waited for the old man to give up the keys to the car they were going to take. She wasn’t really a car nut, but there was something about the classic ones that got her a little excited. 
Charlie greeted her with a wide grin. “I’ve something special for you, today.” He held up a key on a worn, leather fob. “A 1970 Ford Torino Fastback.” 
Vicky giggled with delight and reached for the key, but Darien was just a hair faster and closed his hand around the bit of metal before his assistant could. 
“I want this one.” 
Vicky dropped her hand and grinned at her boss. She knew this was going to happen as soon as Charlie had said what today’s transportation would be. Darien would often let her drive the cruising cars, but he usually wanted to drive the muscle cars himself. 
“Bay 632.” Charlie released the leather fob and pointed down into the garage. “It’s raining, so be careful with her.” 
Darien stuck his finger through the key ring and twirled the key as he headed down the garage.
“Of course we will,” Vicky reassured the man, hurrying to follow Darien before he left without her. She loved the days when they went to visit Mr. Rodgers. The car nut that ran the shipping hub on the north side of town almost always had positive news, and that put her boss in an especially good mood. Except for occasional bits of randomness, Darien was very professional, but Vicky suspected that hidden inside that polished exterior was an excitable and lighthearted person. These were the days the fun-loving guy poked his head out a little. 
Sliding into the maroon bucket seats of the red muscle car, Vicky tucked her bag onto the floorboard by her feet. She watched a smile split her boss’s face as he turned the key and the well-tuned V8 roared to life. The music that issued from the speakers was an older tune. Charlie always preset the radio to something just right for that car. The look on Darien’s face when he drove one of these classics reminded Vicky of a kid set loose in a candy store. The joy radiating from him was infectious. 
Vicky giggled a little as Darien pressed down on the gas and the car growled in delight at being let out of its little cage. She waved to the thoughtful caretaker as they passed on their way out into the rain-soaked world. Vicky settled in for the forty-minute ride to the north side of town. 
***
Darien listened to Vicky humming along with the song on the radio as they pulled into the bay of the shipping company. The drive over had been more taxing then normal due to the heavy rain and stupid people unable to drive in it. There had been a rather large accident on the highway, which had slowed their progress down. Vicky had called ahead to let Mr. Rodgers know they were going to be late, but it had taken over two hours to get past the mangled cars blocking up the roadway. 
Stepping out of the car, Darien stretched the fatigue from his limbs.
“I’m glad to see you made it all right.” 
He turned towards the short, stout, middle-aged man coming to greet him. 
“That is fantastic.” Mr. Rodgers looked over the sleek lines of the car.
“Thank you.” Darien shook the man’s outstretched hand before turning his attention to the car. 
Vicky stepped out of the car to join the boys. She exchanged pleasantries with the head of the shipping hub before the men got lost in the details of the machine in front of them.
“Let me guess…” Mr. Rodgers almost bounced as Darien opened the flat, black hood to show off the heart of the car. “1970 Ford Torino Cobra Fastback! Ooh… you have the 429 SCJ V8 in it!” 
Vicky smiled at the two overgrown kids. She caught a few words she recognized, like ‘Holly’ and ‘Detroit Locker’, but she had no idea how those things applied to a carburetor or rear differential. She left the two prattling on about the benefits of ‘ram air induction’ and ‘shaker hoods’ and went to gather the information that Darien had made the trip for. 
“Good evening, Vicky,” Mr. Rodgers’ secretary greeted her as she stepped into the main office. “How was the ride over?”
“Hey, Mary. It was horrible,” Vicky confessed. “There was an accident that had traffic completely stopped for nearly an hour. What do you have for us today?” She pulled out a chair, so they could get things done. Vicky and Mary had gotten into the habit of holding the meeting their bosses were supposed to have, while the men chatted over whatever toy Darien had brought over to show off. 
“Nothing much,” Mary admitted as she slid the files over for Vicky to look at. “The numbers all look good this week.” 
Vicky flipped open the folders to check the stats. 
“We did finally get a permanent driver to take the eastern run.”
“That’s good.” Vicky nodded at the progress. 
“You’re telling me. I was getting tired of listening to Mr. Rodgers grumble about the temps we were being sent.” Mary pushed her glasses up and rubbed the spot between her eyebrows. “Another week of that, and I was going to start driving the truck just to shut him up.” 
Vicky grinned at the idea of the petite brunette behind the wheel of an eighteen-wheeler. “I’m glad you didn’t have to. I would miss our weekly chats.” 
“Not as much as they would,” Mary nodded her head towards the men outside. “If we weren’t here to take care of business, they wouldn’t have time to talk about their cars.” 
Vicky agreed, and the two women went over the things that had happened during the week. Mr. Rodgers would tell Darien anything important during the time they chatted, but they would leave the fine details up to the girls. When Vicky and Mary finished, Vicky folded up the file and slipped it into her bag. “Want to walk to the break room with me? I need to get something to drink.” Standing up, Vicky pulled the strap of her bag over her shoulder. 
Mary agreed, and the two women chatted about their lives outside of work as they walked to the vending machines. Vicky picked up tea for herself and water for Darien, and they were on their way back to the shipping bay when music came from Vicky’s bag. Mary’s words failed at the eerie song. 
Vicky fished the cell phone Darien had given her from her bag. “Hello?” Vicky answered, expecting to get Darien wondering where they were. 
There was a long pause before an unfamiliar voice spoke. “May I please speak with Master Darien?” the thick, warm, male voice asked. 
Vicky slipped into her professional voice. “Mr. Ritter is in a meeting at the moment. May I take a message and have him call you back?” She quickly pulled her notepad out, so she could jot down a message or number. 
There was another long pause before the man answered her. “Tell him we’ll be gathered at sunset, awaiting his arrival.” The line clicked dead without giving Vicky a chance to ask anything. 
Who was gathered? Where? She stared at the silent phone before folding it up and slipping it back into her bag. The caller ID didn’t show a name or number, just ‘Private’. She hoped Darien would understand the cryptic message. 
“Everything okay?” Mary asked as they started back towards the shipping bay. 
Vicky nodded. “Apparently, someone wants to see Mr. Ritter tonight.” She frowned a little. “The guy wasn’t very clear.” 
Mary patted Vicky on the shoulder. “I get those for Mr. Rodgers from time to time,” Mary opened the door to the shipping bay and held it for her guest. “He always seems to know what they’re about.” 
Vicky stepped out and nodded. She didn’t go into the fact that the call had come in on the strange phone Darien had given her. As far as she knew, her boss was the only person who knew that number. 
The two women found their bosses still going on about the muscle car.
“And, it’ll do a quarter mile in 13.99 seconds at 101.” Darien’s boasting earned him a long whistle from his friend. 
“Pardon the intrusion,” Vicky slipped into pause in their conversation. “I just got a call for you, Mr. Ritter. Do you have a meeting set up for this evening?” 
Darien gave her a confused look. “Not that I’m aware of.” He pondered who could have called his assistant. “Who was it?”
“I have no idea,” Vicky shook her head. “He just said they’d be waiting for you after sunset.” 
A strange look crossed Darien’s face, and he pulled his phone from his pocket to find that the battery was dead. “Pardon me, Mr. Rodgers. It seems I’ve forgotten something this evening.” Darien shut the hood of the car. 
“Then don’t let me keep you.” Turning to Mary, Mr. Rogers asked, “Did Miss Westernly get everything she needed?” 
Mary nodded. 
Vicky said goodbye and got into the car. Whatever Darien had forgotten seemed pressing. Her boss bid his farewell and climbed into the car. It took no time for them to get back out into the rain and zooming down the highway. 
“I’m sorry, Miss Westernly,” Darien apologized very seriously. “I wasn’t expecting this today. It’s quite a drive to where I need to be tonight, and I don’t have time to take you back to the office.” 
Vicky wasn’t sure what was going on, but she had never seen him so tense. 
“I’m going to head straight out there and let you drive back by yourself.” 
“That’s fine with me, but how will you get back?” 
“Don’t worry about that. I just want to make sure you’re safe.” 
Vicky gave him a confused look. Something about that statement bothered her. 
“What did you get from Mary?” he asked to distract her from the questions floating just behind her eyes. 
She shook her odd feeling away and pulled the business file from her bag to summarize it for him. 
Darien didn’t hear a word she said. He was too busy preparing to spend the evening with the Vampire Council. 




“Damn it!” Darien cursed as he hit the debris that the car in front of him kicked up. Due to the heavy traffic, he had been unable to swerve out of the way, but he’d done his best to straddle the chunk of tire tread bouncing down the road. 
Vicky covered her mouth to hide her smile. A string of rather colorful words issued from her boss as the garbage thumped along under the car. She had never heard such things slip past his lips before.
“Charlie’s going to tan my hide if anything happens to the car.”
“I thought these were your cars?” 
“They may be my cars, but they’re Charlie’s babies.” Darien chuckled at the love the old man lavished on the machines in his care. 
Vicky’s smile widened as she nodded. She could just imagine the hours Charlie spent rubbing wax onto the vast collection Darien kept squirreled away in that garage. 
Darien took the exit ramp off the interstate and hit a county road that took them farther north. The storm was starting to wane, and the tail end of the day was just peeking through the thinning clouds. 
***
Letting her mind wander, Vicky rode on in silence, watching the cornfields roll past. She was pulled from her thoughts by another string of indecent words from her normally proper boss. From where she sat, Vicky could see the little dials on the dashboard telling them that the engine temperature was much too high. 
Darien continued to mutter as he pulled the car over to a wide spot in the road and got out to see what had gone wrong. 
Vicky climbed out so she could help if he needed it. 
Darien lifted the hood and looked down at the V8 steaming in the drizzle. He popped open the overflow bottle and looked in it before pulling a handkerchief from his pocket. Using the cloth to insulate his fingers, he twisted the hot radiator cap open to check the water level inside. 
Vicky could remember her father doing this many times on the clunkers he drove, but the steam that came out was nowhere near as strong as it should have been. 
Darien squatted down and placed his hand on the bumper of the car as he looked underneath. “We must have broken the radiator hose when we hit that junk.” He sighed as he stood and looked up and down the road for an answer to their problems. There were no signs of life on the little road. Darien cursed his luck again and turned to ask Vicky for her phone, but she was gone. He found her digging in the glove box of the car.
“How far do we have to go?” 
The question surprised Darien. “Another twenty miles or so,” he answered, watching her pull the key from the ignition switch and climb back out of the car. 
She dropped her suit jacket on the seat and rolled up her sleeves. Opening the trunk, she looked inside and made a disappointed noise before shutting the lid again. Only a spare tire. 
Confused by her actions, Darien followed her around to the front of the car, where they both squatted down to look at the damaged hose. “What are you thinking?” he asked as he watched the wheels in Vicky’s mind turning. 
“I’m thinking that I’m going to need a new pair of stockings,” she answered, and stood up. 
To Darien’s surprise, the woman turned from him and pulled up the hem of her skirt. She freed the top of her silk stocking from the garter holding it in place. Slipping out of her shoes, she pulled the first of the sheer tubes off. 
Darien stood up and stared at her. He had no idea how taking off her stockings was going to help their situation. 
When Vicky had them both in hand, she sat down on the wet ground in front of the car and wiggled underneath. 
“What are you doing?” he asked, looking down through the engine compartment to see his assistant threading the delicate material around the damaged hose. 
“I once watched my dad nurse a pickup truck with a damaged radiator hose fifty miles to town with only two gallons of water and a shop rag,” Vicky explained as she twisted the first stocking into place and tied it as tight as she could. “He wrapped the cloth around the crack, so it held the hose together.” She added the second stocking to the first. “I figured we could make it twenty miles if we could just get this tied off.”
“With stockings?” Darien questioned her judgment.
“With silk stockings,” she corrected. “Silk is a very strong material, especially when it’s wet.” Vicky checked her knots and pulled herself out from under the car. 
“You wear silk, thigh-high stockings?” Darien asked, reaching down to help his assistant from the ground. This was another thing he hadn’t expected from her. 
Vicky blushed a little at his question. “One of the guys I dated in college got me started on them.” The red on her cheeks deepened as she thought about the reasons her ex-boyfriend wanted her to wear them. “I found they were more comfortable than other options. And the silk ones are more durable then the nylon ones.” 
Vicky pulled away from Darien’s hand and gathered her shoes to take back to the car. She pulled out her tea and the bottle of water Darien hadn’t touched and brought them around to the front of the car. 
“That’s not going to be enough,” Darien shook his head in mirth as Vicky emptied the bottle of water into the radiator. 
“I know.” She took one final swig of her drink before upending the liquid into the car. Vicky looked at the sky as the rain began picking back up, “You better get back in before you get soaked.” She handed Darien the key and ushered him back into the car. “There’s no reason for both of us to get wet, and you still have a meeting this evening.” 
Finding it hard to argue with the woman’s logic, he let her put him back in the car and shut the door right before the rain cut loose. He watched Vicky collect the two bottles and make her way to the ditch, where a swelling stream of water was flowing past. Darien sighed helplessly as he waited for his assistant to finish, so they could get back underway. 
It took several trips into the muddy ditch to get enough water to fill the radiator. Once full, Vicky signaled Darien to start the motor up and checked to make sure her makeshift patch was holding. Pleased with her work, she shut the hood. The dirt she had gotten on her back when she first laid down had been washed away while she worked, but there was still some on her legs. Pausing at a puddle, she cleaned the remaining traces of mud from her calves before opening the door. Since she was now soaked to the bone by the cold liquid falling in sheets from the sky, she stopped long enough to arrange her coat on the seat to protect the upholstery before sitting down gingerly.
Looking over at his drenched assistant, Darien turned the heater in the car up as far as it would go. He studied the woman who had just fixed his car. She huddled on the very edge of the seat with her arms wrapped tightly around herself, trying, unsuccessfully, not to drip on anything. Her hair had come loose and hung in rivulets about her shoulders, over her white shirt. The sheer material clung to her skin, and he could see what she wore underneath without even trying. 
She tucked her bare feet under the dash, where the warm air could blow down on them.
“You could’ve worn your shoes,” Darien sighed. It had killed him to watch her climb in and out of that ditch barefoot. 
Vicky shook her head as she shivered. “High heels and mud don’t mix.” Her teeth chattered as she answered him. 
Darien struggled out of his coat and flipped the warm material over Vicky’s shoulders. 
“Don’t,” she protested. “You’ll need your jacket.” She tried to stop the dry material from touching her. 
Darien dropped it on her and made sure Vicky tucked it around herself. “Not as much as you do.” He shifted the car into gear and pulled back onto the road. 
Thanking him, she pulled the material tighter around herself. 
Darien’s mind turned over the new problem he now faced. There was no way he was going to let Vicky try to drive the damaged car back to the city tonight, and it would take Charlie at least three hours to get a wrecker out here to pick the car up. With Vicky soaked to the bone, she could catch a terrible cold during the six hours it would take to get back to the office. He could see no way around it; he was going to have to take her with him. It would be the first time he had ever called on the hospitality of the Council for someone other than himself. 
“Given the circumstances, I’m going to ask my associates for help when we arrive.” 
Vicky looked up at Darien’s softly spoken words. 
“The people you’re going to meet tonight can be a little unusual. If they make you uncomfortable, have them call me. I’ll come as quickly as I can.” 
She nodded. “You don’t think I’ll be too much of a bother for them?” she asked, knowing the types of problems unexpected guests could cause. A strange smile crossed Darien’s face.
“It’s not them I’m worried about.” 
***
“We’re here.” 
Darien’s voice drew Vicky from her thoughts as they pulled into the courtyard of a grand mansion. It was two stories tall and looked like something that should have been sitting in the English countryside, not out in the middle of Nowhere, America. The driveway circled around a fountain that Vicky could just make out. Their pit stop had delayed them slightly, and full night was eating away at the fading twilight. Vicky slipped into her shoes and reached to pick up her messenger bag.
“You won’t need that here,” Darien placed his hand over hers before she could lift the bag from the floor. 
Dropping it back, she stepped out of the car and wrapped herself tighter in Darien’s coat in a vain attempt to hold off the cold wind trying to cut through her. She followed her boss up the steps of the large house. A tall man dressed in a tailcoat opened the large, wooden door for them. 
The butler bowed as they passed. “Good evening, Master Darien. They are expecting you.” 
Vicky followed closely behind Darien as they walked into the grand foyer. She usually respected people’s personal space, but there was something ominous about the extravagant hall that made her want to huddle into her boss’s familiarity. Shaking this irrational fear away, she stepped back to stand on her own. 
Noting her reaction to the new environment, Darien schooled the amused smile off his face. 
A short woman in a long sundress appeared out of one of the side halls at a dead run. “Darien!” she squealed.
Vicky stepped back as the young woman threw herself at Vicky’s boss. 
He caught the girl in his arms, laughing. 
The heavy atmosphere imposed by the grand house was instantly shattered as she watched the professional man she knew transform into someone completely different. 
He spun around with the girl in his arms, laughing, before placing her back on her feet. “You have gotten so big, Tiffany.” Darien smiled. 
Vicky was surprised to find that what she had taken for a short woman was, in fact, a very young teenager. 
“If you’d come around more often, you’d see me growing,” she teased, before turning her attention to the unannounced guest. 
Darien waved for Vicky to step forward to be introduced. “This is Victoria Westernly. We had some problems on the way here. I ask that she be properly cared for tonight.” 
“Anything for you, Master Darien,” the girl beamed.
“Miss Westernly, this is Tiffany,” Darien introduced the girl. “She’s the daughter of the housekeeper, Natalie.” 
Vicky shook the teen’s hand. 
“Tiffany, please make sure that everyone knows Miss Westernly is my guest this evening. She’s an Innocent, and I don’t want anything to happen to her.” 
Tiffany nodded. Taking Vicky by the hand, she pulled her away. 
Vicky looked back to Darien. She wasn’t sure what her boss had meant by that last statement, but she did not like it. 
Seeing her reluctance to go, Darien waved to her. “Don’t worry, Victoria. Tiffany will take care of you.” 
Thrown by the use of her first name, Vicky was pulled away from the foyer by the teen.




Vicky gathered up her mind and listened to the string of chatter from the excitable girl tugging on her arm. 
“…He has been alone for such a long time that mother worries about him. Master Darien has never brought anyone here before. And the first person he does bring, he wants to keep to himself. I think it’s great he’s finally found someone he wants to keep.” 
Vicky wasn’t sure she understood what the girl was going on about, but she needed to make sure Tiffany understood her relationship with Darien.
“Mr. Ritter and I are not dating,” she informed the girl. 
Tiffany looked up at her, smiling. “Of course not. I know how these things work.” 
Vicky was stunned by the girl’s words. Surely, she hadn’t just suggested that she and Darien were having an affair? This was something Vicky felt the need to set right. “I don’t think you understand. I work for him.” Embarrassment colored her cheeks as she tried to explain her position.
“You don’t have to be embarrassed by that. Everyone here receives something in return for it.” Tiffany led Vicky through a door and into what looked to be the kitchen. 
Vicky sputtered in shock. How could such a young girl talk about sex like that! 
“Mom, Darien brought a guest!” the girl squealed in delight. 
Vicky looked from the shocking girl to the woman standing over the stove. Both women had the same curly, brown hair and high cheekbones. It was very easy to see that they were related. 
“Did he, now?” The woman wiped her hands on her apron and walked over to them. “I’m Natalie,” she said, holding her hand out for Vicky to shake.
Vicky pulled her arm out from under Darien’s jacket and shook the offered hand. “Victoria Westernly.” 
Natalie looked over the wet woman, shivering in her kitchen. “Let’s get you cleaned up.” She led the way back out into the hall. “What happened?” 
“We broke a radiator hose on the way over, and I got caught in the rain trying to fix it.” 
Natalie held a door open for Vicky to enter. “Is Master Darien as wet as you are?” 
“No. He got back in the car before the rain cut loose.” 
Natalie pursed her lips together. She didn’t like that any man would make a woman fix the car while he stayed dry… master vampire or not. 
 “Let me introduce you to the rest of the gang.” Natalie pointed to each person as she named them. “That’s Brian and Jenny, Marsha, Roger, Terrance, Josephine, and Liz. I’m sure you’ll run into everyone else during the rest of your stay.” Addressing the group now facing her, Natalie said, “This is Victoria Westernly. She came here with Master Darien.” 
A murmur of surprise passed through the group at this introduction.
Natalie ignored their reaction and went on. “Can you see to her needs?” 
“Of course, Nat, just leave her to us,” the woman Natalie had pointed out as Josephine got up to take charge of the new arrival.
“Thanks, Josie.” Natalie waved goodbye to Vicky. “They’ll take good care of you.” 
Vicky was still reeling from everything that had happened since she had arrived, but she followed the new woman deeper into the room where the group of strangers was waiting. 
“What happened?” a dark-haired man with delicate features asked. 
Fishing in her mind, Vicky pulled out the name Terrance. “I got caught in the rain when the car broke down,” she explained. 
“That’s horrible!” The raven-haired girl Natalie had called Liz answered. 
“Do you need someone to look at it?” A handsome blond sat up from where he lounged on one of the many couches. 
Vicky shook her head. “It has a blown radiator hose. I’m sure Mr. Ritter will call Charlie to come get it.” 
“You must be freezing.” A tall, thin, black woman stood up, drawing Vick’s attention. “What you need is a nice soak in the onsen.” 
Vicky heard agreement from all, and she found herself pulled into a protective hold as the woman spun her around to lead her back out of the room. 
The entire group accompanied them down the hallway and through a set of bamboo and paper doors. Vicky was surprised to find the doors concealed a large changing room. The seven people accompanying her spread out to different areas, pulled down baskets, and started stripping their clothing off. 
Shocked, Vicky twirled around to face the wall and turned the deepest shade of red she could get. 
“Is there something wrong, darling?” The tall, muscular man next to her asked as he folded his boxer shorts into the basket and slipped it back up onto the shelf. 
Vicky squished her eyes shut as tightly as she could. 
“I think she’s shy,” the voice of the little goth girl snickered from behind her. 
“Don’t tease her, Marsha.” The voice of the delicate man reprimanded her. “She may not be used to such large groups. Master Darien has never brought us anyone before.” 
A collective agreement sounded around the room.
Vicky felt a reassuring pat from the naked man next to her. 
“It’s okay, darling. You’re safe with us.” She heard him turn to face the rest of the room. “Jenny, Josie, will you stay and make sure she’s okay?” 
The two girls agreed, and the man addressed the rest. “Everyone else get out to the bath so she can change.”
“But Brian, I want to help too.” 
Vicky could hear the teasing note in the voice of the man that had offered to look at Darien’s car.
“Get out of here, Roger,” Brian growled. 
Vicky calmed as the majority of the group left. Hearing two giggles, Vicky opened her eyes to see the tall, dark-skinned woman, who had to be Jenny, and the shorter blonde with long hair that was Josie. 
“Is that better, sweetie?” Jenny came over and pulled an empty basket from the shelf, placing it on the floor in front of Vicky. 
“Sorry,” Vicky whispered. She pulled off Darien’s jacket and folded it neatly into the basket. “I’m just not use to being around naked people.” 
The girls looked at each other, then back at Vicky.
“You’re not a virgin, are you?” 
Vicky blushed again at the question from Josie, trying to explain her embarrassment. “No, I just… am used to being around one person at a time.” 
The two women nodded their heads understandingly. Of course Darien would want an innocent girl for his companion. He never joined in the large bacchanals that would sometimes happen at the end of the functions. And he was always picky about his food, usually choosing someone with a bit more reserve. 
“It’s okay, sweetie,” Jenny reassured her. “We’re all good friends here. We’ll look out for you.” 
Vicky nodded as she peeled off the layers of drenched cloth and folded them up. She looked down at Darien’s jacket and pulled it out of the basket, so she could drop the wetter clothing in the bottom before draping the expensive suit coat over top. 
Now naked, Vicky lifted the basket up and placed it on the shelf before turning to the other nude women in the room. She felt as if she should cover herself up, but there were no towels, and it would look funny if she tried to hide behind her hands while the other two were so casual about their nudity. She settled for wrapping her arms across her chest and rubbing the cold from them. 
“Let’s go get you warm,” Josie held open the curtain that separated the changing room from a prep area. “Have you ever been to an onsen before?” she asked.
“I don’t even know what an onsen is,” Vicky admitted. 
Josie and Jenny grinned at each other. 
“It’s a large bath,” Jenny informed her. “We’ll get you set up.” She hooked an arm around Vicky and led her to a row of low faucets and stools along the wall. Several bottles of soap sat along a ridge in the wall. Jenny deposited Vicky on one of the short stools in front of the faucets. 
“It’s customary to wash before getting into the pool,” Josie informed her as she turned Vicky’s water on to a nice, warm level and pulled down some soap for herself. Both Josie and Jenny wasted no time getting wet and soapy. 
Testing her water, Vicky adjusted the temperature before scrubbing herself clean. The warm water felt good on her cold skin. Once all the soap was rinsed away, the three women got up from the washing area. Vicky followed her hosts through another door into an area containing a large pool. 
She gasped as she looked over the room. Someone had done an amazing job making the steaming pool look like a large hot spring. The edges were all curvy and uneven, and the walls had been painstakingly painted to look like the side of some mountain. Vicky was so awed by the magnificent scenery that she didn’t register the people sitting in the pool. 
“Maybe she’s not as shy as we thought.” 
The voice of the goth girl drew Vicky’s attention to the group lounging in the water, and the red that had faded from her skin returned in full force. She faltered in her steps, but Josie and Jenny each hooked an arm and propelled her towards the warm water, where everyone was waiting for the new arrival. 
“Be nice, Marsha.” Brian snapped at the goth girl. 
Marsha stuck her tongue out at the muscular man and dropped deeper into the water. 
“Don’t mind her, darling.” He stood up and held out his hand for her.  
Josie and Jenny both handed her off, so she had no choice but to take the man’s hand and let him help her into the water. She was surprised to find that the large pool was hotter than the baths she took at home. There was a ledge along the edge, and the water level was just deep enough to cover her chest if she sat on the shelf. 
Once the three girls were settled, Brian returned to his seat and leaned back against the wall to relax. Vicky was glad he was far enough away that he didn’t crowd her. 
“Be careful, sweetie,” Jenny warned from where she rested in the pool. “The hot water can go to your head very quickly. If you feel faint, just let us know, and we’ll get you out.” 
Vicky nodded. The hot water did wonders to drive out the chill that had settled into her bones. 
They had only been in the water for a few minutes when Terrance popped the question everyone wanted to know. “What’s he like?” 
Vicky gave the delicate man a questioning look. 
“Master Darien. What’s he like?” 
She could see that the entire group was hanging on the words she was about to say. “I really don’t know how to answer that. I’ve only known Mr. Ritter for a few weeks now.” 
The group encouraged Vicky to tell them what she did know. 
“Um… he is very professional, and sometimes he can be very demanding, but he treats me well.” She didn’t think Darien would want her to tell them about his occasional randomness. Then again, given the bizarre behavior of this group, maybe it would be normal for them.
“Have you ever met any of Master Darien’s others?” Liz asked from where she sat on the side of the pool. 
Vicky wasn’t exactly sure what she meant, but she assumed the woman was asking about the other temps that hadn’t worked out. “No, they were all gone before I came along.” 
Worried sounds came from the group. 
“Do you know how many he has gone through recently?” Jenny asked. 
“I think there were nine in the two months between the time Marianna was put on bed rest and I was sent to him,” Vicky answered. It had been one of the many topics that she had gossiped with Sue about. 
The group looked at her with concerned eyes. They knew some masters could be hard on their servants, but to go through ten people in such a short period of time made them worry for Vicky’s safety. The only master that was anywhere near that hard on his people was Michael, and his tastes changed fast enough to prevent the death of any one person. 
“I always thought Master Darien was better than that,” Liz said, shaking her head. 
“Oh, darling.” Brian shifted, so he could pull Vicky into a hug. “If there’s anything we can do to help, please let us know.” 
Vicky froze as his arms came down around her. She didn’t understand the sudden outpouring of care and tried to move out of his arms, only to find Roger had come over to sit on her other side. Vicky’s skin flushed as the blond man joined the muscular man holding her. 
“We’ll be here for you.” Roger wrapped his arms around her, too. She squirmed as the two naked men held on to her. “Just let us know. Even if Master Darien isn’t part of the Council, there has to be something they can do about it.” 
Vicky didn’t understand why they were so upset. “Really, it’s all right,” she replied, trying to convince them she wasn’t in trouble. “I enjoy what I do, and it pays well.” 
The two men pulled back a little, and Vicky took the opportunity to move away from the wall and float into deeper water. “I wouldn’t want to go back to what I was doing before this.” She shuddered at the thought of selling plasma to pay her rent again. 
“That is not acceptable.” Josie floated over to Vicky. “He should know better. We’ll talk with our Masters about this. None of them could stand up to Master Darien alone, but all of them together should be able to stop him.” Josie knew that the Council wouldn’t stand for any vampire risking exposing the rest. If Darien were killing that many people, they would put a stop to it. The days when vampires left piles of dead bodies in their wakes were long over. 
 “I appreciate the help, but really, I’m fine.” Vicky stood up quickly in the water to back away from the woman and clutched at the light feeling in her head. The random line of questioning had confused her enough that she hadn’t realized she was overheating. 
Josie reached for Vicky as she passed out and fell into the water. She quickly flipped Vicky over and pulled her to the edge of the pool to have Brian and Roger lift her from the water. Marsha ran for a towel to fan the fainted woman with. The others gathered around to make sure Vicky would be okay. 
“For someone living with a Master that’s so hard on his food, she looks to be very healthy,” Terrance pointed out as they examined Vicky’s body. “She doesn’t have any fang marks.” He turned her head, so he could inspect her neck closely. 
“Maybe he bites her in less obvious places,” Marsha suggested, and the group proceeded to check the rest of Vicky’s skin for any signs of wounds. They even checked the femoral artery on her inner thigh, but they didn’t find a single tooth mark.
“We can always ask her tomorrow, when she’s feeling better,” Jenny suggested. 
They all agreed. 
“Let’s get her to someplace where she can cool off,” Brian suggested, and picked Vicky up. The muscular man carried the limp woman out of the onsen and down the hallway to one of the bedrooms set up for the servants of visiting masters. 
Josie followed behind him and pulled a black silk nightgown and matching thong from the dresser in the room. The pair quickly dried and dressed the girl, so they could put her to bed and let her sleep off the heatstroke before her master returned for her.




Darien stood in the foyer and watched as Tiffany pulled his surprised assistant away. He felt bad for abandoning her to the teen’s care, but he couldn’t take her in to see the Council. Tiffany would take her to Natalie, and she would make sure Vicky was put into the safety of the house pets. 
Turning, he took the stairs at the other end of the room. The center stairway split at the middle into two smaller ones that led off in opposite directions. He followed the steps leading left and climbed to the grand chamber where the Council held their meetings. 
“… You need to take more responsibility for those you bring over,” Darien slipped into the room and waited for the Council to stop reprimanding the youngest chair holder. “You can’t just turn whomever you like and let them go on the city. We’ve had to ‘take care’ of your last fledgling already.” 
“That’s not entirely my fault,” Michael defended himself. “How was I supposed to know she would try to turn all her friends, too?”
“You should have known it was a bad idea when you found out she was a crack addict.” The head council member rubbed the headache from her temple. “I still can’t believe you couldn’t taste it in her blood.” 
Michael crossed his arms and huffed at her. “Well, this time it’s not one of my fledglings, Clara,” he defended his brood. “I’ve been watching them since that last incident.” 
“About time.” 
Darien looked at the heavyset, blond man who had made the comment. That was the same thought that passed through all of their minds, but Daniel said it out loud, without holding back. Being Michael’s sire prevented the younger vampire from snapping back at him. 
Michael shot Daniel a look that could melt flesh from bone, but he didn’t say anything.
Clara looked up from her problem and greeted their guest. “Welcome, Master Darien.” 
Bowing to the Council, Darien took the chair awaiting him. Even though he wasn’t on the Council, they still provided a seat for him in case he changed his mind. 
“We have gathered as you’ve asked,” Clara gestured to the other six vampires sitting at the oval table. “What can we do for you?” 
Darien cut straight to the chase. “I’ve come for information.” It sounded like they were already addressing the subject he wanted to know about. Michael’s coven was on the south side of Brenton, and Darien guessed that the other council members thought one of his fledglings was causing the problems there. 
All seven members of the council stared at the master vampire with questioning eyes.
“Our knowledge is at your disposal,” Clara offered.
“What can you tell me about the murders known as the ‘Southside Slaughters’?” Darien asked.
Michael slammed his hand onto the table. “It’s not my fledglings!” he yelled. 
Darien raised an eyebrow at this reaction. So, he had been right. The Council had noticed and thought it was one of their own.
“I never claimed it was one of your young, Michael,” Darien used as soothing a voice as he could on the agitated vampire. “I just wanted to know what you knew about them.” 
Michael crossed his arms over his chest and huffed in silence. 
“All we know is that there have been a series of murders and disappearances in the last few months.” 
Darien turned to look at the speaker, Victor. He tried not to smile at the elaborate outfit the man was wearing. Victor reminded Darien of Count Dracula in London as played by Gary Oldman, complete with silk top hat and tiny, tinted glasses. What he found most amusing was the fact that Victor had never worn these types of things until they started coming back into style with the steampunk crowd within the last forty years. 
Darien turned his mind away from the man’s clothing and thought about his words for a moment. “I know about the murders, but what about the disappearances?” he asked.
Lillian explained, “It hasn’t been widely reported because the victims have been people no one cares about. But a lot of people have come up missing in the last few months.” 
Darien looked at the girl sitting cross-legged in the chair next to him. With her jeans, T-shirt, and messy, red curls, he would never have picked her out as a master vampire. “People no one cares about?” 
“Mostly the homeless, hookers, and drug addicts.” Lillian shrugged. “The police don’t really care because there’s less of a problem on the streets, but we notice.” 
Darien understood this. It was these types of people that vampires used for a steady supply of sustenance. Vampires would be the first to notice a drop in their population. “How many?” he asked in concern.
“Across the city?” Lillian thought for a moment. “About fifty.” 
He gaped at her in disbelief. Fifty people missing were a lot. “Any ideas what’s happening to them?” he asked. 
Lillian shook her head. “They just disappeared.” Her voice held a hint of sadness. “I’d been helping out a few that have just vanished. Their stuff was where they were supposed to be, but they were not.” 
Darien knew that Lillian would often support a few people that were down and out to provide blood for her and her offspring. She always took good care of her people, so for them to leave without telling her was unusual.
“I was actually asked to come here today by Rupert,” Darien finally revealed.
A groan sounded around the table.
“What does that mangy mutt want now?” William asked, from his seat on the other side of the table. It was clear to see the man hadn’t gotten over the last conflict with the wolves.
“Apparently, the wolves have been having some trouble with the same thing that’s causing the murders and abductions,” Darien explained to the waiting group. “They’ve been chasing something they believe has caused the fires across the south, but haven’t been able to catch it. In fact, the bodies that have been found torn up were all werewolves.” He paused to let this fact sink into the quiet table. It was inconceivable for something to mutilate a werewolf like that. “Rupert has asked me to come and see if the Council could help.”
“But… we were hoping the wolves were to blame for these actions.” Clara’s words were supported by an agreeing murmur from around the table. At least that would have explained part of the problems.
“No, they aren’t,” Darien informed them. “They’re having as many problems as you are. The incidents could be related. I think it’s time we put our heads together and figure out a way to stop this before it ruins life for everyone.” 
He was slightly surprised when agreement came from the group, expecting more resistance from the thickheaded Council. 
Clara spoke for the group. “Very well, we’ll put our feelings aside to find out what this is and stop it,” she said. “But if it’s not those mutts, and not us, then what could be causing the problems?” 
Darien grinned at the way she had ‘put aside’ her feelings. They may agree to work with the wolves, but they wouldn’t like it.
Rachel broke her silence. “It could have something to do with the Gray Courts.” 
Darien looked over at the timid girl. Of all the vampires on the council, she was the one he paid the closest attention to. When the quiet woman spoke, it was always important to listen. 
“What do you mean?” Clara asked.
“Well, it’s obvious from the extent of the damage done that whatever is causing this is not human. That leaves things of the night. And if it’s not werewolves or vampires, then the next obvious choice would be the fay,” Rachael explained.
“True.” William placed his elbows on the table and leaned forward. “Their powers have faded over the years as humans have taken over the wild places. Maybe this is a way for them to regain some of what they’ve lost? Blood magic is very strong stuff.” 
An understanding nod circled the table. 
Daniel pointed out another issue. “But we just can’t go into the Gray Courts and accuse them of these murders. We would never make it out alive.” 
“I know of one person who could go into the Gray Courts and ask, without endangering his life.” Clara leveled her eyes at Darien. 
The rest of the Council turned to the outsider as well. 
Darien sighed. He knew what Clara was going to ask of him. 
“Master Darien. You stand apart from all the factions. Could you take our concerns to the Fairy Queen?” 
“In hopes of solving this mystery before it can escalate out of control, I’ll be glad to offer my services.” Darien knew this was the only way the matter would get addressed. Just the negotiations to get one of the other vampire masters into the mound might take years, and even then, the fay weren’t likely to listen to them. As it was, he was in good standing with the Gray Courts and visited the Queen on a regular basis.
“Was there anything else we needed to talk about while we’re here?” Clara moved the meeting on to other, in-house problems, and Darien leaned back in his chair to listen to the Council reprimand Michael for the way he treated his food. 
Clara insisted that the dark ages of vampirism were over, and special care was to be shown to the ‘victims’ that supplied them with blood. There were occasions where death would occur from bleeding one person too much or too often, but the Council had agreed a long time ago that these deaths were to be kept at a minimum to prevent the outside world from discovering their existence. It was not this way everywhere, but Clara was a humanitarian and saw that her people followed this rule. 
Some of the other Vampire Councils found this viewpoint weak and would have gladly tried for the city if it hadn’t been for Darien’s presence. It was clear to anyone who tried to stand against the city that Darien was truly the man in control, even if he held himself away from the politics of it. 
***
Darien sat up and stretched as the Council broke for the evening. It had been several hours since he had arrived, and he was glad that the masters were done bickering. If it had been in his nature, he could have easily fallen asleep at the table listening to their petty squabbles. 
Michael stormed from the room without greeting Darien. He had been the center of most of the complaints raised. At one hundred fifty years old, he was a master, but he acted like an overgrown kid sometimes.
“Looks like you have your hands full there.” Darien smiled at the brunette who led the mismatched group of vampires. He had turned Clara a long time ago and enjoyed the fact that she had made a place for herself in the world. 
Clara laughed at him. “You could always come in and take over,” she offered. 
It had become a running joke of theirs. Every time Darien showed up, she would offer him the Council’s head seat, and he would gracefully decline it. 
“No, thank you,” he replied. “I would rather sit through an audit every day.” 
Clara laughed again. “Are you heading straight back to Brenton, or will you be spending the weekend with us?” She enjoyed the nights when Darien came out to visit. He was the closest thing to a celebrity they could get, and everyone came out to see him when he stopped in. 
Darien was sure they were using his presence as a good excuse to throw a party. “I’ll have to head back as soon as I can get Charlie to come out with the wrecker. I blew out a radiator hose on my car on the way over,” he explained. “I had to bring my personal assistant with me, and she, well, she doesn’t know about us.” 
Clara stopped in her tracks and stared at Darien with an open mouth. “You brought an Innocent here!” 
“There wasn’t much I could do about that.” He defended himself. “We were in a meeting when you called, and I didn’t have time to take her back to the office. She was going to just drop me off and drive back, but that was before the car broke down. I couldn’t very well leave her sitting out there, waiting for Charlie, soaked to the bone.” 
Clara closed her mouth and thought about his situation for a moment. “You have a point,” she agreed before they resumed their walk out of the council chambers. “So where is she now?”
“I ran into Tiffany on my way in and had her take Miss Westernly to Natalie, with instructions that Miss Westernly was mine, and no one was to touch her.” 
Clara stared at Darien like he had made a massive mistake. 
“What?” Concern bloomed in his heart.
“Tiffany’s a scatterbrain these days,” she said. “I hope she gave Natalie the full message.” 
Clara and Darien both picked up the pace. They ran down the steps and through the hall, trying to find Natalie.
***
“Where is she?” Darien cried, as he followed Clara into the kitchen where Natalie was baking. 
Natalie looked up in shock at the greeting the normally calm man had given her. “Good evening, Master Darien. I assume you are looking for your pet?” She smiled. 
Darien groaned. That just proved that Tiffany hadn’t passed on his message properly. “She’s not my pet,” he explained. “She’s my employee and an Innocent.” 
Shock crossed Natalie’s face. “I... I didn’t know!” she exclaimed.
“It’s all right.” Darien tried to calm himself down. “Where is she now?”
“I gave her to Josie and the house crew.” Natalie found her way into one of the chairs at the table so her weakened legs wouldn’t drop her to the floor. Had she known Vicky was an Innocent, she would have made sure the house crew knew to keep her away from the vampires. As it was, she had turned the poor girl loose to be dinner, without so much as a warning. 
Darien pushed past Clara and jogged down the hall to the lounge. His eyes scanned the room to find all the regulars and a few vampires, but Vicky was nowhere to be seen. “Where is she?” he asked, with a note of urgency in his voice. Not all the vampires were there, and he knew the house rules said that anyone in this room was free game to all. 
“We put her to bed after her bath,” Brian answered. 
Darien let out a sigh of relief. “Thank goodness.” The tension drained from his shoulders.
“You were worried about her?” Josie asked. After listening to the way Vicky had spoken about Darien, she was sure he would be less caring.
“Of course I was worried about her. She’s an Innocent.” 
Everyone turned shocked looks towards him.
“You brought an Innocent here?” Terrance asked from where he sat on William’s lap.
“It wasn’t by choice,” Darien defended himself again. “The car she was going to drive back in broke down, and I couldn’t just leave her to wait till Charlie came and got her. She would have caught pneumonia.” 
“But we thought she was your…” Jenny started, but Darien cut her off.
“No, she’s my personal assistant. She runs my human life.” 
“But she said something about you putting someone on bed rest, and that you had been through another nine pets in the last two months!” Brian exclaimed. 
Darien now understood the reason Josie had been surprised he was worried about the girl. “I’m not that kind of monster,” he said, shocked. “Marianna’s on bed rest because she’s pregnant with triplets. And the nine women were temps trying out for the position as my assistant!” 
The entire room cowered back from the power leaking off the livid vampire. 
Darien closed his eyes and bit back his anger at them all. Of course they would want to ask her questions. He had never brought anyone here before. Calming himself, he tried to think of a way to salvage the situation. “She doesn’t know anything about vampires,” he informed the room. “What did you tell her?” 
Another shocked gasp ran through the room. 
“Completely innocent?” Liz asked. 
Darien nodded. “She doesn’t even know about me. Now, what did you tell her?” 
A whistle of amazement sounded in the stunned room as he pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to fend off the headache threatening him.
“Nothing, really,” Josie finally answered. “We had just started talking to her about, well, you, and she fainted from the heat in the onsen. We figured it was low blood pressure, and Brian and I put her to bed in one of the suites.” 
Darien let out another sigh of relief. This was not turning out to be as bad as it could have been. He looked around the room at the people that had gathered. The trickle of power that had been released during his outrage had drawn the rest of the Vampire Council into the lounge to see what had made the great man so mad. Darien noticed that everyone was there except for one face.
“Where’s Michael?”




A gentle tug on her hair pulled Vicky from a strange dream. She rubbed her face into the soft pillow and tried to recapture the sleep that had left her. Feeling the pressure on her head again, her eyes fluttered open. The light of the moon shown across a huge featherbed. She shifted her head as she recognized the pull of a brush through her hair.
Vicky froze for a moment as she tried to figure out what had happened. One minute she was having a weird conversation with a strange group of people, and the next minute she was having her hair brushed in bed by a stranger. Vicky went to sit up, and a hand pressed against her bare shoulder. 
“It’s okay, baby, relax. I’m just sorting through your hair for you.” 
Vicky couldn’t see the man who spoke to her, but he wasn’t one of the men she had been introduced to. Keenly aware of his cool hand on her bare skin, she held still, trying to decide what to do. Turning her eyes down her body, she found the shine of a black silk nightgown. She let out a sigh of relief. As long as she was wearing clothing, she could handle just about anything. 
The brushing stopped, and the bed shifted as the man set the brush on the bedside table. It felt like he was lying next to her. Taking the opportunity to roll her head over, she looked at the person invading her bed.
Vicky could barely make out the well-built man in the soft, silvery light of the moon, but it was clear that he wasn’t wearing a shirt. She couldn’t see farther down his body, but she could feel the rough touch of denim against her leg. He had to be wearing jeans. 
She tried to roll away from him, but his hand came down, stopping her escape. Vicky’s eyes widened as she felt the material of her sleepwear slip around her. Yes, she was wearing clothing, but the low-cut nightgown split clear to the hip on both sides and was only held in place by thin straps over the shoulders. 
“Don’t go away, baby. We’re just getting started.” 
Vicky tried to move out from under his hands as Tiffany’s suggestive words came back to her. Under the right circumstances, a little uncomplicated sex was fine, but she wanted to at least know the guy’s name before he made it into her bed. 
“I promise not to hurt you,” the man whispered as he tried to get a better hold on her. 
She pushed his hands back and rolled away from him to get off the bed. 
The man was faster than Vicky was. He caught her around the middle and pulled her against him. “Oh, I like them with a little fight: it heats up the blood.” 
She stopped trying to get away without hurting him and started struggling to get out of his iron grip. 
“Feisty aren’t we, baby!” The man sat up and brought her with him, pressing her back into his chest. He pinned Vicky’s hands together at her chest, and he brought his legs up around her, so she was trapped against him.
“Please, stop,” Vicky begged as the man nuzzled his face in her hair. 
“But you smell so good, baby.” 
She felt her captor draw in a deep breath from the side of her neck. 
Shifting his grip on her, he pulled her loose hair back away from the right side of her face and neck. Bending her head over, he held it in place with a handful of her hair and nuzzled her behind the ear. 
Vicky shivered as she felt the tip of his nose drag across the skin of her neck. “Where’s Mr. Ritter?” she cried, remembering what her boss had said.
“Oh, you came with Darien?” 
The breath from his words tickled across the side of her neck, making her shake. “Yes, Darien. He’ll be looking for me!” She hoped this would stop her assailant’s onslaught, but he just laughed against her skin.
“He can have you back when I’m done, baby.” 
Fear tore through Vicky as she realized this man wasn’t about to stop whatever he was doing. She could feel the surge of adrenaline rush through her as she fought to get loose from his unyielding grip. 
“You smell so good like that.” 
Vicky couldn’t hold back the tears slipping from her eyes as the man tightened his grip on her hair and licked the side of her neck.
 “Mmm… you taste even better than you smell.” 
“Please, don’t!” she sobbed, as she tried in vain to stop him. 
“This is going to be fantastic, baby.” 
Closing her eyes, Vicky prayed for the strange man to stop. She mewed softly as she tried to figure a way out of this situation. Her eyes flashed open as she felt something hard and sharp drag across the skin of her neck. She could feel both of his hands on her, so the only other option was… his teeth. 
Vicky panicked as she realized the man holding her down was going to bite her. Driven by this new terror, she redoubled her efforts to get away. The man only laughed, like he was enjoying her fear, and held her tighter. She felt the sharp points of his teeth against her neck again and let out another wordless cry as the fangs parted her skin to find their way into her pulse.
***
“MICHAEL!” Darien yelled, as he slammed through the door where he had heard the cry from his assistant. The smell of fear, adrenaline, and blood hit him as soon as he was in the room. He met Vicky’s blue-gray eyes and saw the terror they held. She was fully aware of what Michael was doing to her. 
Outrage ripped through Darien and shattered away his control. That ass hadn’t even bothered to roll her before biting into her. 
Michael looked up from Vicky’s neck to find a very livid Darien staring at him. Not the proper, reserved man that he had been told was powerful. He found a very old, very powerful vampire in full fury bearing down on him. Michael loosened his grip on Vicky right before Darien ripped him away and threw him towards the door 
“Get him out of my sight before I kill him!” Darien bellowed to the people who had followed him in.
Clara and Daniel gathered the terrified vampire up and removed him from the room. 
Darien turned on the bedside lamp and gathered his limp assistant up from where she had fallen on the bed. Between the shock from the bite and the massive power he was releasing, Vicky found that she couldn’t move in her boss’s arms. Darien rolled her over, so he could inspect the bleeding wound on the side of her neck. He held her gently as he lowered his mouth to capture the blood leaking from the puncture marks. 
Vicky gasped as she felt his tongue gather up the liquid, and a tingling warmth stopped the pain from the bite. When he placed a light kiss over the healed skin, her limbs found life, and she twisted her hands into the front of his shirt. She sobbed uncontrollably into the chest of the only person she felt she could trust. 
Darien held her closer and whispered soothing, apologetic words to her as he shifted them both up the bed, so he could lean against the headboard with her wrapped in his arms.
***
Once they were settled at the head of the bed, Darien looked up at the crowd that had gathered just inside the door. He could feel the fear from the onlookers cowering in the darkness at the far end of the room. It had been a long time since he had released that much power, and it had been even longer since he had lost control of his temper. He sighed. If nothing else, he had reminded the vampires and their menagerie that there was a reason he stood apart from them. 
Darien closed his eyes for a moment and schooled himself into a calmer state so that he didn’t terrify everyone completely. Opening his eyes again, he looked down at the girl crying into his chest and patted her back softly. He glanced over the thin material of her nightgown and the way it didn’t cover her legs curled under her. There was no way he was going to get the comforter from the bed over her.
“Could you please get us a blanket and some orange juice?” Darien left the question open-ended, so that anyone present could answer the call. He nearly laughed when the entire group scattered to fulfill his request. 
Within a few moments, Darien was presented with three blankets, a goblet of juice, a bottle of water, and a plate of cookies. He thanked the group and had them tuck one of the blankets around Vicky, so she wouldn’t get cold. The girl’s racking sobs had subsided to a case of sniffling hiccups, but she hadn’t moved from where she had buried herself into Darien’s chest.
 Darien didn’t know what to do now. The little bit of blood he had gotten from Vicky’s neck had reminded him that he hadn’t eaten since the morning, but he could tell Vicky wasn’t stable enough for him to leave her alone long enough to feed. There was no way he was going to take blood here and remind the traumatized girl that he was one of the things that had scared her. Darien’s gaze fell upon the bottle of water on the bedside table with the cookies and juice. If he couldn’t get blood, maybe he could trick his body into holding off the hunger by giving it something else to process until he could feed. 
He turned his attention to the people still hanging around. Except for Michael, Clara, Daniel, and Marsha, the entire house menagerie and council stood in the dark, waiting for something from the pair on the bed. 
“Could I get someone to open that water bottle, please?” Darien nodded to the bottle on the bedside table. 
Jenny jumped up, twisted it open for him, and placed it in his hand. He thanked her as she dropped back to the place where she had been standing. 
A collective gasp could be heard when Darien raised the bottle to his lips and took a drink of the water. 
He suddenly felt like a circus freak show and lowered the bottle from his lips. “Do you need anything else?” 
After a wave of negative answers, and the group quickly vacated the room, so Darien was left alone with Vicky curled in his lap. 
Letting out a sigh, Darien drank the entire bottle of water. Now that his hunger was held off for a little while longer, he tucked the empty bottle up in the pillows and leaned his head back against the headboard to wait out Vicky’s breakdown.
***
Vicky’s mind churned as she lay in her boss’s arms. She could feel him breathing and hear his heart beating, but both were much slower then she would expect from a man of his age and health. He was also much colder than any man that had held her before. But it was the blazing green eyes and the fangs that had shown in the moonlight that shocked her most. A huge chunk of her mind screamed for her to run away from him as quickly as she could, but her heart told her she was safe. Darien was nothing like the guy who had sunk his teeth into her neck. Vicky shivered at the memory, and Darien rubbed her back, gently. One word kept floating around in her brain, but she just couldn’t bring herself to believe it. 
Vampires were myths, legends, and the things bad romance novels were written about, not rich businessmen who ran large corporations. Vicky just couldn’t bring herself to believe that her boss was part of the legion of undead. Weren’t they supposed to hide in the dark and eat nothing but blood? This wasn’t true for Darien. She’d seen him walk in the day. True, he didn’t like sunny days, but he didn’t burst into flames when the light touched his skin. 
She also knew he had a passion for his coffees, and she had seen him put away an entire box of clementines in one sitting. Sure, he did look a little green afterwards and complained about heartburn the next day, but he still ate them.
Vicky sighed as she tried to wrap her head around this. A strange thought hit her, and she laughed despite the fact she was still confused and terrified.
“What’s funny?” Darien asked as he patted Vicky on the back. 
She pushed back from him and looked up into his face. His eyes were still a brilliant green, but they no longer held the fire that burned in them when he had first burst into the room. She was also glad to note there were no signs of sharp teeth poking from his mouth. “I think my sanity just cracked a bit,” she admitted, sitting up. Vicky folded her hands and looked into the concern-filled eyes of her boss. “Are you really a vampire?” 
Darien’s face grew serious, and he nodded. 
She let out a snort of laughter and collapsed to the bed in a fit of mirth. 
Of all the reactions he had expected, laughter was not one of them. He didn’t know if he should be happy that she wasn’t screaming or upset that she was laughing at his status as a vampire. 
Vicky looked up from where she was twisted on the bed, wiping a tear from her eye. She didn’t want to tell him she found it funny that she really did have a blood-sucking boss, so she revealed the other amusing fact that shouldn’t offend him. “Do you remember my friends from the club?” 
“How could I forget them?” Darien smiled.
Vicky sat up as she told him about her strange friends. “While we were waiting for you to arrive, they kept pushing me for information. Since I wouldn’t tell them anything, they kept coming up with some rather outrageous descriptions. One of the ideas Beth suggested was that you were a vampire out for my blood.” Her right hand went up to cover the area were Michael had bitten her, and her left hand rubbed her arm near the elbow. 
Darien chuckled and folded his leg up so he could lean forward to pull the hand clutching her neck away. He rubbed his thumb across her knuckles reassuringly.
“A vampire, yes. Out for your blood, no.” Darien sighed deeply and dropped his head so he was looking at the blanket between them. “I am truly sorry about this, Victoria. I never had any intention of exposing you to this world.” 
Vicky could hear the regret in his words, and she squeezed his fingers. 
He looked up into the face of his assistant.
“It’s okay. Sometimes shit happens that you can’t control.” She smiled at Darien to let him know that she would be all right. “I’ve learned that there are two things you can do—deal with it and get on with life, or roll over and die. I’m not about to roll over and die. I’m not sure that I want to be anyone’s snack again, but I’ll get over it.” 
 Vicky’s view on life amused Darien, but her words reminded him that there was something important he needed to take care of. “Speaking of snacks…” He released her hand and pulled the plate of cookies and glass of orange juice over to her. “I’m not sure how much blood you lost, but this should help.” 
She grinned at the offering. “This reminds me of when I used to go sell plasma.” Vicky picked up a cookie and nibbled at it. “Only creepier.” 
Darien laughed, enjoying her odd sense of humor. “If you’re okay now—” he paused so Vicky could nod at him, “—there’s something I need to go take care of.” 
Darien withdrew from the bed and left her to enjoy her cookies and juice. When he opened the bedroom door, he found Brian leaning against the wall on the opposite side of the hallway.
“Good evening, Master Darien,” Brian greeted him. 
Darien stopped and stared at the guard. 
“Clara sent us to see to your needs, should you call.” 
Darien smiled and shook his head. He should have known that Clara would post a watch. “Thank you, Brian, but I have to get something to eat.” 
Brian nodded and offered his wrist to the vampire. 
“Have you already fed Clara tonight?” Darien asked.
Brian dropped his arm and nodded again. 
“Thank you for the offer, but I’ll go find someone that hasn’t donated yet.” 
Darien started to head away when a thought hit him. He stuck his head back into the bedroom and called to Vicky. “Brian’s stopped by to check on us. Would you like company while I’m gone?” 
Vicky froze as she tried to remember who Brian was. The name brought to mind the polite, muscular man with wavy, brown hair. 
Darien noticed the pause as she considered his offer. “I promise that he won’t hurt you, but you don’t have to if you don’t want to.”
“It’s okay. He can come in,” she answered. If it was the same Brian she was thinking about, Vicky was sure it would be all right. After all, he had been so concerned for her well-being in the onsen. Maybe he could answer some of the questions running around in her head. 
Darien opened the door to let Brian in. “Please make sure she’s okay,” he said, patting Brian on the shoulder as he passed. 
Brian nodded as he slipped into the room, closing the door behind him. 
Darien turned his attention to the hunger that had been growing inside of him and headed down the hall to find someone willing to give up a pint.
***
 “How are you doing, darling?” Brian asked from where he stood near the door. 
Vicky looked up from her cookies at the man here to keep her company and pulled the blanket up around her shoulders again. She felt more comfortable protected inside the woven material. 
“Better, I guess.” Vicky admitted and took a sip of the juice, working up the nerve to ask him what she wanted to know. “Are you a vampire, too?” she asked shyly over her cookie. Brian smiled and stepped closer to the end of the bed. “No, I’m—” he started. 
“—Food?” Vicky finished for him. 
Brian chuckled and sat himself lightly on the end of the bed. “Sometimes.” He smiled to keep the young woman from being frightened by his words. “Most of the time, though, I run the house for Clara,” Brian explained. “We all have jobs here. It takes a lot of people to keep a house of this size going.” 
Vicky listened as she chewed her cookie. “Are the others…?” She couldn’t think of a polite way to ask their status. 
Brian grinned and shifted to sit more securely on the bed. “We’re all servants here,” he explained. “Natalie is the main housekeeper. She makes sure things get done and we all get fed. I don’t know if you met her, but Tiffany is her daughter.”
“She was the teenager who brought me back,” Vicky sat up a little more as she grew more comfortable with Brian’s presence. 
“Yeah, that’s the one.” Brian turned and pulled his legs up on the bed, so he was facing Vicky fully. He crossed them and went on with his explanation of the functions of the house. “Tiffany sometimes helps out in the kitchen or in the garden, but she’s been a handful recently. And apparently, she forgot to pass on Master Darien’s message, which complicated things. Natalie grounded her for it.” Brian made a pained face. 
Vicky snickered and took a sip from her glass. She looked down at the large wine glass filled with orange juice and held it up for Brian to see. “Who puts orange juice in a wine glass?” Vicky laughed at the absurdity of it. 
“That would be Terrence,” Brian replied, smiling. “He is a great guy, but he has an odd sense of style.”
“So, what does everyone else do?” Vicky was starting to enjoy hearing about the weird people she had just met.
“Well, Roger is the house mechanic. He fixes whatever gets broken and keeps the onsen clean and working. Josie and Jenny keep the rest of this place clean, and Liz takes care of the gardens. Hank, well, he’s the butler and public face of us all. He runs the errands and takes care of any business dealings in the real world.” 
Vicky took another sip of her juice as she processed what he’d said. She was surprised that they were all just ordinary people. “What about Terrence and…” she snapped her fingers as she tried to remember the other girl’s name. “Um… that gothic chick.”
Brian grinned at Vicky’s description. “You mean Marsha?” 
She nodded, slipping another cookie into her mouth. 
“They came from town with their masters, so they don’t actually live here.” 
Vicky gave him a long ‘ahhh’ as he explained. 
“We look out for Marsha when we can, and Terrence… well, he makes our lives interesting.”
“How so?” She cocked her head, giving Brian a puzzled look. 
“Well, every time William brings him over, he tries to redecorate the house in his own, how should I say… unique style.” Brian waved his hand in front of him, trying to gather the proper words for Terrence. “He’s a little… um…”
“Gay?” Vicky offered.
“Flaming.” Brian laughed. 
Vicky took another sip of her orange juice. Now that she was comfortable with the muscular man sitting on the bed, she worked her courage up to ask some of the scarier questions puzzling her mind. “Can you tell me more about vampires?” She spoke softly, unsure if she wanted to know the answers. 
Brian tensed up a little as he thought of the best way to explain them to her. “Well, they’re just normal people,” he started.
Vicky scoffed into her juice. 
“Okay, so they can’t go out during the day, and they live off blood, and they have weird powers, and they can live for a really long time.” 
She giggled as the man dug himself in deeper with ever trait he listed. 
He finally gave up trying to reassure Vicky. “Okay, so they’re not like normal people. But they aren’t the cold, heartless monsters that you see in the movies. I’m sure there are some out there like that, but Clara runs a tight ship here. She and the Council have a very solid set of rules, and they deal with anyone who breaks them very severely.” 
Vicky took a sip of juice to ease the sudden dryness in her mouth. She didn’t know if Brian’s words scared or reassured her. She pulled the blanket tighter around her and opened her mouth to ask questions about the person she really wanted to know about, but she was interrupted by a loud knock on the door. 
Brian and Vicky both looked up to see the door crack open and two heads pop in. 
“Can we come in?” Jenny asked. 
Vicky nodded and Jenny and Josie hopped up on the other side of the bed. Shifting back to give them space, Vicky set her plate on the bedside table.
“How are you doing, sweetie?” Jenny asked as she looked over the younger woman wrapped up in her blanket. 
 “Better,” Vicky said. After talking with Brian, she was feeling a little better about the whole ordeal. 
“We were talking about vampires,” Brian informed the new arrivals about their conversations.
“We’re so sorry.” Josie leaned forward and touched the edge of Vicky’s blanket. “If we had known, we would never have left you alone like that.” 
Vicky reached out of her blankets and took up the blonde’s hand. “It’s okay,” she said, squeezing Josie’s hand reassuringly. “It’s not your fault.” 
Josie smiled weakly and pulled away, sitting back up. 
“Where is everyone else?” Vicky asked and looked towards the door. If these three had come down, would the rest of the group follow? 
“The Council has gone to bed. It is almost dawn,” Jenny informed her. 
Vicky looked towards the window to see the night starting to fade. 
“As for the rest: Terrence is with William, Marsha is with Michael, and Roger is sacked out on the couch in the lounge…”
“As usual.” Brian rolled his eyes.
“…and Liz is seeing to Master Darien.” 
Vicky unconsciously raised her hand to cover her neck when she heard the name Darien had yelled. “Michael was the one that bit me.” She shuddered a little as fear gripped her heart, and a tear formed in the corner of her eye.
“It’s all right, darling.” Brian shifted up the bed so he could touch the blanket wrapped around Vicky. She dropped her hand down and took up the offered comfort. “You’re safe now.” 
Vicky tried to smile and nod her head, but it didn’t really work.
“I can promise that Michael won’t touch you again,” Jenny added. She snorted out a harsh laugh. “He is well and truly terrified right now.” 
Vicky’s eyes widened as she turned towards Jenny.
“As he should be,” Brian added with a satisfied note.
“We’re all a little terrified right now,” Josie swallowed and looked over at the door. The scene from earlier played in her mind. “I’ve never seen Master Darien that mad before.” 
“And that power!” Jenny shivered. “I’ve never experienced anything like it.” 
Vicky released Brian’s hand and pulled her blanket tighter as she listened to the three people talk about the man who had just saved her.
“That wasn’t normal?” Vicky asked. Brian, Josie, and Jenny all looked at her with shocked faces. She gave them a ‘how should I know’ shrug.
“Not for any vampire I know,” Brian explained. “Master Darien is kind of a mystery to us all.”
“We were always told that Master Darien refused a Council seat a while back, but I always thought it was because he had paid the Council to leave him alone,” added Jenny.
Josie shrugged. “He doesn’t come around here very often. That’s why we were asking you about him.”
“I only ever see him at work,” Vicky offered. “And he’s never given me any reason to think he was a vampire.” 
Vicky’s three visitors looked at each other in confusion.
“Never?” Josie asked.
“Well, there was that one time with that woman, but I figured he was just trying to intimidate her.” Vicky shrugged again. “But, that would explain his bad habit of only having coffee for lunch.”
“Wait, lunch? As in, at-noon-type lunch?” Jenny asked. “You work during the day?”
“Isn’t that when most businesses are open?” Vicky asked with a hint of sarcasm in her voice. 
The look of pure shock on Jenny’s face made Vicky want to explain. “I report to work at seven AM, and we work till we’re done. Sometimes, rather late in to the evening.” 
Brian tried to wrap his mind around this. “Where do you work?” 
“Top floor of the main building downtown. There’s a magnificent view of Main Street from Mr. Ritter’s office windows.” Vicky sat up a little. She was proud of her job. 
“He has windows in his office?” Josie asked, like this was an outrageous idea.
“Yes.” Vicky didn’t understand why this would be a foreign concept to the group. “But we don’t spend much time there.” The group let out a sigh of relief that Vicky still didn’t understand. “Mr. Ritter is always running around, making sure the various ends of his business are running smoothly. Why, just the other day we were out for the groundbreaking ceremony for the new shipping hub.” 
Jenny gasped. “I read about that in the paper! It was in the afternoon!” 
“Yes, it was at three,” Vicky confirmed.
“But how did he get out into a field at three in the afternoon under the sun?” Jenny asked.
“Um… he wasn’t happy about it, but we walked,” Vicky explained. The gaping faces told Vicky that this was out of the ordinary for vampires “That’s… not normal,” she stated in a very flat voice.
“No, that is not normal,” Jenny confirmed, as soon as she collected herself. “The masters aren’t subject to the rise and fall of the sun like the fledglings are, but they can’t get out and move in the daylight.”
“Clara can get out a little on very cloudy days, but she burns under strong sunlight,” Brian added. “And she’s the oldest here at around five hundred fifty.” 
Vicky whistled in amazement. 
“How old would Master Darien have to be to handle full sun?” Josie asked.
“Nine hundred years,” Darien answered from where he stood, leaning against the door that Josie and Jenny had forgotten to close. 
Brian fell off the bed trying to turn around and see the man who no one realized had joined them. 
“Although, I started to be able to really get out at around seven hundred,” Darien added as he walked into the room. 
Brian scrambled from the floor where he had fallen and circled the bed to stand behind Jenny and Josie, gawking at the vampire coming into the room. 
Darien let out a sigh. The only person who wasn’t bothered by his presence was the one person not use to vampires. 
Vicky watched as Darien tucked one of his hands in his pocket and crossed the room to stand next to her. She felt odd seeing her well-dressed boss rumpled after the long night. His expensive dress shirt was wrinkled in the front from where she had clung to it, and he had rolled the sleeves up to his elbows. His silk tie was missing, and he had unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt so he was more comfortable, but it was the smear of blood on the front of Darien’s shirt that made her turn her gaze away, embarrassed. It was too dry to have happened recently, so it must have gotten on him while he was holding her. 
Darien picked up a cookie that had fallen from the plate. He took it with him to go lean against the wall and stared at the people in the room. “Is there anything else you want to know about me?” Darien asked as he raised the sugary snack to his lips and took a bite. 
Josie, Jenny, and Brian stared in an awed silence as they watched the vampire consume the wayward treat. A million questions swirled through their minds, but they were all very personal and inappropriate to ask. 
“Are you really nine hundred years old?” Vicky asked, looking back up at him.
Darien shrugged. “Give or take a little. They didn’t keep very good records where I was born.” He popped the other half of the cookie into his mouth and dusted off his hands.
“Where was that?” Vicky asked. 
Brian’s eyes widened at the woman’s audacity. These questions were not something one asked a master vampire. 
“Glendalough, County Wicklow, Ireland,” Darien answered. 
Vicky thought about this for a moment. “If you’re Irish, why don’t you have a cool accent?” 
Darien laughed at her question. “I find that it’s easier to pass as a local without it, cailín.” 
Vicky’s eyes widened at the rich, Irish lilt he slipped into. 
“Now, if we are done with the inquisition, it has been a long night, and I think we could all do with a little rest.” 
Darien pushed away from the wall and placed his hands on Vicky’s shoulders. Josie and Jenny both slipped from the bed as he pulled Vicky to her feet and stood her next to the bed, wrapped in the blanket. Pulling the covers back, he moved her back into the bed properly. Darien made her lie on her side, facing the middle of the mattress, and he pulled the duvet up to tuck her in. 
Vicky’s breath caught as she felt his fingers pull through her hair and tuck the loose ends behind her ear. His fingers caressed her locks as he bent over her. She was sure he was going to kiss her on the cheek when she felt his breath on her face.
“Sleep,” Darien whispered into her ear.
Vicky’s eyes closed as the suggestion stole the tension from her body. Within seconds, she had fallen into a deep and restful slumber. 
He caressed her hair one more time before turning his attention to the three people watching silently from the other side of the bed. “I suggest you get some rest, also.” The Irish note was gone from Darien’s voice as he patted his sleeping assistant one more time. “Unless you need to be tucked in, too.” 
Brian, Jenny, and Josie took this as a hint to get out and vacated the room before Darien could make good on his offer. They hadn’t felt any trickle of power when Darien had put Vicky to sleep. Either she was very susceptible to suggestion, or he was just that powerful. Either way, they didn’t hang around to find out. 
Darien sighed deeply at the speed with which the three visitors left. By the time he woke up, his story would have been shared with the rest of the house. He really didn’t mind that, but it meant that the entire place would walk more softly around him for a while. Of course, last night’s little outburst of power hadn’t helped matters, either.
 Darien let out another sigh and opened the window at the far end of the room. Taking a deep breath of cool, morning air, he dropped himself into the overstuffed armchair next to it. Crossing his ankles on the matching ottoman and folding his hands across his stomach, he relaxed back into the soft cushions, letting




Vicky yawned as she woke from the most restful sleep she’d had in a long time. Shaking away the last of the cobwebs in her head, she sat up in the bed. The soft sent of lilacs filled the room, and she looked around for the source of the smell. Her eyes found the open window at the other end of the room before shifting to the man sleeping in the chair next to it. 
Vicky smiled at how cute her boss looked, sacked out in the chair, with his head bent forward onto his chest. The afternoon sun sent a beam of light to dance on his lap, just below his hands. She slipped from the warm covers to close the curtains, so the light wouldn’t touch his skin. He could handle the little bit of sun, but she knew that Darien made a habit of avoiding it if he could. Now she understood why. It was the least she could do for the kindness he had shown her last night.
 Vicky moved as quietly as she could, so as not to wake the sleeping vampire. Now that she stood next to him, she looked down at his unmoving body intently. After watching Darien for a full minute to see that he drew no breath, Vicky was half tempted to touch him to make sure he was still alive. Deciding to leave him be, she went to the door on the other side of the room. She was glad to see her suspicions were correct, and it was a rather large bathroom. 
After quickly relieving herself, Vicky stood in front of the vanity mirror as she washed her hands. She stared at her reflection in the mirror for a long time. Even though her world had changed, she still looked the same. The wound on her neck was completely healed, and the only trace of the incident was the blood that had dried on her chest and the front of her nightgown. 
Wetting a washcloth, Vicky wiped away as much of the dried blood as she could, thinking about her predicament as she worked. What was she going to do? Her boss was a nine-hundred-year-old vampire, masquerading as a human. She paused in her scrubbing and looked at herself in the mirror as she came to a conclusion. It didn’t matter that he was a vampire. He was still her boss, and she really did enjoy her job. This only added to his eccentricity. Shutting the water off, she dried her hands and headed back to the bedroom to see if she could find something more appropriate to wear. 
Vicky opened the bathroom door to find that Darien had left while she was washing away the blood. He had pulled open a few drawers on the bureau and the doors on a wardrobe before leaving. Curiosity drew Vicky to the open wardrobe, and she found it contained a variety of clothing in a range of sizes. It took her a moment to find some jeans and a shirt that would fit. She borrowed them from the closet and tossed them on the bed. Searching through the open drawers, she found an assortment of undergarments. Taking some out, she added these to the pile on the bed. 
It didn’t take her long to change out of the soiled nightclothes and into the clean garments. Vicky picked up the brush left on the bedside table and shuddered as she remembered what had happened the night before. She recalled Sue’s advice and pushed the memory of the bite away. Now that she’d had time to think about it, Vicky was determined not to let the incident overshadow the rest of her life. She quickly sorted through her sleep-rumpled hair before slipping out of the bedroom and wandering down the hall, barefoot, in search of someone who could point her in the direction Darien had gone.
It didn’t take Vicky any time to realize that the hallway outside the bedroom was the main hall and would connect her to the onsen, the lounge, the kitchen, and finally, the foyer. She made a quick stop in the changing room of the onsen to see if she could find her shoes, but the basket where she had left them was empty. 
Next, she headed into the room where she had met everyone last night, but no one was there. Puzzled by the lack of life in the house, Vicky headed back down the hall to the kitchen. She found several plates with food on them, but no one was in there, either. Her stomach growled at the smell of food, and she snatched up a blueberry muffin from a stack before heading back out the door and down the hallway to the foyer.
She could hear voices coming from the open front door, and she walked over to see what the excitement was about. The entire menagerie was standing in the doorway, gaping at Darien as he tried to get Roger to look at the Torino.
“It’ll take Charlie three hours to get here with the wrecker,” Darien explained to the astonished man. “Can you fix the damn car or not?” 
Vicky giggled at the awed look on Roger’s face as he tried to pull his attention away from the vampire standing in the sunlight to look at the car. Slipping past the shocked residents, she went to save her frustrated boss. 
Vicky danced across the hot concrete, only stopping when her bare feet found the cooler ground in the shade of the car. By the time she made it, Roger had actually gotten the hood open and was trying to look under it. 
“I think they’re just surprised to see you out here, Mr. Ritter. I’ll take care of this.” Vicky patted her boss on the arm. “I’m pretty sure I saw a fresh shirt in the closet in that bedroom. Why don’t you go get cleaned up?” 
Darien looked at her, then down at the wrinkled, bloodstained shirt he was wearing, and snickered. “All right, Miss Westernly, but let me know if we have to call Charlie. He’s going to kill me if I’ve torn up one of his babies.” He turned to go back inside. 
Vicky watched as the crowd at the door parted to let the vampire back into the house. She laughed as they followed him inside in amazement. Turning her attention back to Roger looking at the doorway where Darien had just disappeared, she prodding the mechanic back to work. “Close your mouth and check out the car.”
Roger snapped his mouth shut and turned his attention to the machine in front of him. “I didn’t just see that, did I?” he asked the woman next to him. 
She pulled the paper off one side of her muffin and picked at a blueberry. “What, a twenty-three-year-old woman ordering a nine-hundred-year-old vampire around? Or said vampire walking around in the sun?” she asked, nonchalantly, before nibbling the berry she had pulled from her pastry. 
“Both,” Roger gaped at her.
“Yes, you did. Now can you fix the car?” Vicky took a bite of the muffin while she waited for him to get himself together enough to check out the problem. 
Roger shook himself and looked at the engine of the car. “This is a really nice car.” He twisted the cap of the radiator off and peering in it to see that there was no water inside.
“It’ll do the quarter mile in 13.99 seconds at 101 miles per hour.” Vicky rattled off what she’d heard Darien tell Mr. Rodgers yesterday day. It got her the same appreciative whistle from Roger that had come from the shipping hub manager. 
“That’s hot!” 
“Right now, it’s got a busted radiator hose,” Vicky explained.
Roger dropped to the ground to check out the damage. “What is this?” he called from under the car. In a few moments, he sat up on the driveway, holding out the remainder of the stockings that had been wrapped around the hose. They were dirty and slightly burnt, but it was obvious what they had been at one point in time. 
Vicky swallowed to clear her mouth and tried to remain unaffected by his find. “You act like you’ve never seen a pair of stockings before.” 
Roger looked up at the girl curiously. 
“What?” she said, defending her choice of repair material. “It worked to get us here.” 
He dropped the ruined silk to the ground and stuck his head back under the car. “Well, the radiator hose is cracked,” he called from under the car.
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Vicky sassed back at the man. 
Roger chuckled at her. He wasn’t sure she was the same shy woman they had met last night. “I should be able to get a replacement at the parts store in town.” He pulled himself up from under the car and shut the hood. “I just need to know the year and model of the car.”
“It’s a 1970 Ford Torino.” Vicky got another appreciative whistle from Roger. 
“That’s going to be a hard order to fill, but I think I know just the guy who would have what I need.” 
“Good. Please let me know how it goes,” Vicky answered very professionally. 
“Do you want these back?” Roger picked up the stockings and held them out to her.
“No. You can keep them if you like,” she smirked. 
Roger grinned and turned to head back to the house with the damaged stockings in his hand. He had only walked a few steps before Vicky sprinted past him across the hot driveway. He looked back over his shoulder to see what had caused the woman such haste. Unable to see anything unusual, he turned back to find that Vicky had reached the shade of the porch and was rubbing the bottom of one of her bare feet into the calf of her opposite leg, trying to soothe the tender skin. 
“Where are your shoes?” Roger asked as he mounted the steps to the porch. 
Vicky looked up from inspecting her foot. “No idea.” 
“You should’ve said something. I would have been happy to carry you back.” 
Vicky cocked an eyebrow at him. “Are you hitting on me?”
“I would never dream of it.” Roger smiled as he spoke. 
She rolled her eyes at the sarcasm in his voice. “Let me know when you have an answer on the car.” Vicky laughed as she turned back into the house. She was hungry, and that muffin had not been enough. 
Roger sighed and went to go make some calls.
***
Vicky made her way into the kitchen to find that the abandoned plates had once again been claimed by their owners. Stopped in the doorway, she was unsure if she should enter and disturb the host talking excitedly around the table. It surprised her to find that almost everyone had gathered in there, discussing what they had just witnessed.
“How is that even possible?” Terrance waved his fork around as he talked. “I mean, it’s five in the afternoon and not a cloud in the sky!” 
“Any of the other masters would be in trouble if they tried that,” Liz said as she stirred the beef stew around on her plate. “I nearly died of shock when he stepped out into the light.” 
“She said he could walk in the sun, but I really didn’t believe it.” Josie shook her head as she tore a hunk of bread up and dipped it into her gravy. 
Natalie looked up from her plate at the new addition to the room and almost knocked over her chair as she stood. “Victoria!” she cried, and the rest of the room fell silent. 
Startled by the woman’s outburst, Vicky instinctively took a step back. 
Natalie rushed to her and took her hand. “I am so sorry.” 
Vicky’s eyes widened at the unexpected apology. 
“I didn’t know, or I would never…” She patted the Vicky’s hand and smiled apologetically.
 “It’s okay,” Vicky said reassuringly. 
Natalie looked at the younger woman for a moment before pulling her into a tight hug. 
Vicky returned the embrace to show there were no hard feelings. 
When Natalie finally released her, she stepped back and looked at Vicky. “You must be starving.” She pulled the younger woman into the room, placing her in a chair at the table 
“We’re sorry, too,” Liz said as she tapped her spoon on the bottom of her dish. 
Natalie set a plate of the same beef and vegetable mix in front of Vicky.
“It’s okay,” Vicky reassured her. “I’m not upset.” 
Liz nodded and dug back into her stew. 
Marsha squished a carrot with her spoon and looked up at Vicky, slightly remorseful, as if she wanted to say something but didn’t know how to go about it. 
Vicky took up her spoon and dipped it into the thick gravy. She stirred it around before taking a bite. “This is very good,” Vicky complemented Natalie’s cooking. 
She thanked Vicky and went back to eating her own food. 
Vicky could tell that her presence made the group a little uncomfortable because they didn’t return to the conversation they had been having. They ate in an awkward silence, until Roger came into the room and reclaimed his chair. 
Roger looked over at Vicky. “I found what I need to fix your car.” He rubbed the back of his neck as he talked. “The guys should be delivering it within the hour.” If Roger had noticed the heavy air in the room, it didn’t show.
“Thank you,” Vicky answered as soon as her mouth was empty. “Mr. Ritter will be happy to know that we don’t have to call Charlie out to pick us up.” 
“Who’s Charlie?” Roger asked, as he sat forward to start into what was left of the meal Darien had interrupted.
“He’s the guy who takes care of all the cars,” Vicky explained. The rest of the table watched her intently as she spoke. This was more information about the enigma that was Darien. 
“What types of cars does he have?” Roger asked between bites. 
Vicky shrugged. “All kinds. He’s got some new sports cars and several classic cars, but you’ll need to ask Mr. Ritter for details. I really don’t know much about them. But, he takes the classic ones out once a week to show them off.” Vicky scraped another bite from her plate and stuck it in her mouth. 
“Do you really work during the day?” 
Vicky looked up at the odd question from the other end of the table. 
Embarrassed, Marsha turned her face away. 
“Yes,” Vicky replied. “From seven AM till whenever Mr. Ritter is done.”
Marsha looked up and met Vicky’s gaze. “Does he really eat and drink food?”
Vicky could see the disbelief in her eyes. “I have seen him eat and drink many things,” she answered, and a murmur of astonishment circled the table. “Mainly coffee and clementines.”
“And you really didn’t know he was a vampire?” Liz asked. 
“No.” Vicky could see the amazement in the faces around the table as she answered. “Up until last night, I thought vampires were B-rated horror movie fodder.”
“There are some really great vampire movies out there.” 
The entire table turned to look at Darien as he walked into the kitchen with Clara. 
Vicky’s heart skipped at the sight of her boss dressed in jeans and a T-shirt. His damp hair hung messily onto his face. 
Darien shook it back and ran his fingers through it, so it would stay out of his eyes. “Some of them fall way off the mark, but they’re still entertaining.” 
“But, there are also some really bad ones out there,” Vicky pointed out.
“Too true,” Darien laughed and dropped himself into the empty seat next to Vicky.
“Good evening, Miss Westernly.” 
Vicky looked up at the woman who had come in with her boss. 
“I am Clara, the head of the Vampire Council.” 
Clara was fair-skinned with mousy, brown hair that hung neatly to her shoulders. Vicky studied her hazel eyes, but she could not find anything that screamed vampire. 
“I would like to apologize for your ill treatment last night. I have had words with Michael, and he asks that you forgive his misconduct.” 
Vicky’s hand strayed to her neck as she listened to the woman speak. 
“I assure you that you are safe here for the remainder of your stay, and in the future, if you choose to return. You are welcome here at any time.” 
“Thank you.” Vicky smiled and stood up to shake Clara’s hand. “I would gladly come back.” 
Clara smiled warmly at her guest. 
“Have you heard anything about the car, Miss Westernly?” Darien asked as he eyed the plate of stew Vicky had been working on. 
Vicky turned to address her boss. “Roger said he was getting the parts delivered from town within the hour.” She sat back down and picked up her spoon.
“It should only take me about thirty minutes after that to get her up and running,” Roger said around a mouthful of food. 
Darien nodded his approval. He could feel the eyes of the other occupants in the room on him. Placing his elbows on the table, he picked up a roll and toyed with it. Darien tore a bit off and rolled it in his fingers. A smile curled the corner of his mouth as he dipped the bread into Vicky’s gravy.
“Do you mind?” Vicky scowled at the invasion.
“No,” Darien smirked, as he popped the gravy-laden bread into his mouth, earning him a gasp from the rest of the room. 
Vicky rolled her eyes and went back to her food. It was easy to see that he was showing off.
Clara sighed. “You’re going to make yourself sick,” she said as she circled the table and took the chair next to Brian. 
“I haven’t done that in a long time.” Darien chuckled as he bit off another piece of the bread. “Anyway, I like the taste of food and have always wanted to try Natalie’s cooking.” He chewed for a moment before turning his attention to the cook. “It’s very good.” 
Natalie blushed and thanked him. 
“When you’re done grandstanding,” Clara sniggered from the other side of the table, “why don’t you show Miss Westernly around?”
“That’s an excellent idea, Clara,” Darien answered. He popped another piece of the roll in his mouth.
Clara quickly broke the tension that had settled on the room by prodding Liz into a description of the gardens. 
***
“Wow, these are really beautiful roses,” Vicky commented, sniffing at the large blooms surrounding the gazebo. She had gladly gone with her boss on a tour of the mansion after their meal. 
Darien stood in the shade of the trellised outbuilding and smiled over the magnificent garden that Liz had showered with love. Being a vampire’s home, Liz had picked a healthy mix of plants that would bloom during the day and at night. Darien had seen the wonders of Liz’s garden under the full moon, but this was the first time he had the pleasure of walking in it during the day. He had always tried to avoid doing things that would make Clara’s people wary of him, but the events of the last day had pretty much blown those plans out of the water. 
Vicky glanced up at Darien gazing over the lush foliage of the English-style garden, and pondered what she had learned. She watched him stick his hand out on the railing, where the sunlight sparkled, and pull it back into the shade. He did this several times as he admired the handiwork around him.
“Are you really a vampire?” Vicky asked as she watched him. 
Darien looked over at the odd question. 
“It’s just… you’re nothing like I ever dreamed a vampire would be.” She shrugged. 
An odd grin turned up the corner of his mouth as he played with the sunbeam.
“I assure you that I am a vampire and have been everything your imagination can come up with, and more.” He looked out over the garden again as he remembered evil things from his past.
Vicky blanched as her mind came up with some very nasty things she had seen in some movies. 
“I’ve done some very dark things in the time I’ve lived.” Darien looked back at his assistant. “But most of it’s in the distant past. Still, you should always be wary when dealing with vampires, no matter who they are.” 
Swallowing hard, she thought about his words. She looked away from his serious expression and down to the hand flitting between sunlight and shade. “Does it hurt?” 
“What?” Darien was confused by the question.
“The sunlight.” She pointed to the beam Darien was playing with. “I thought sunlight was supposed to hurt vampires.” 
He looked down at his hand and smiled. “Yes, the light used to burn when I was younger.” Darien rubbed his hand where the sun had been touching. “Now, it’s like the angry bite of electricity. More uncomfortable than painful.” He looked back at Vicky. “I’ll still burn under strong light. That’s why I don’t go out during the middle of the day if I can help it.”
“So… no sunbathing,” Vicky teased. 
The corner of Darien’s mouth turned up in amusement. “No.”
“If vampires are real, what other… um…” She stopped before she could use the word that had popped into her mind.
“Monsters?” Darien offered, as if he was reading her thoughts. 
Vicky’s eyes widened at the word. “I wasn’t going to use that word.” 
“Maybe not, but it fits. We’ve all done some monstrous things.” Darien looked back over the garden. “A lot of the myths of the world are based in truth. Stories of vampires, werewolves, fay, witches, and even demons are all real. Sometimes the facts get twisted up in the retelling of the tales, but you should still heed a warning from all of them. What one would call supernatural beings walk among humans every day. We hide what we are to avoid persecution, but I can guarantee that you know many such creatures, without being aware there is anything special about them. Those that can’t hide have withdrawn into places where human society cannot endanger them.” 
Darien let out a sigh before he went on. “The sad part is the most monstrous things done in all of history were done by normal humans. The creatures of the night try to keep a low profile so they can go on living their lives without worry.”
“You haven’t kept much of a low profile,” Vicky pointed out. “You’re one of the highest-profile people I can think of!” 
Darien smiled at her. “True, but how many people know I’m a vampire?” He raised an eyebrow, and she nodded her concession. “Anyway, even if someone named me for what I am, how many people would believe them?” 
“You have a point,” she admitted and looked out over the garden again. Vicky could hear the roar of the Torino’s engine starting in front of the house. 
“Sounds like Roger’s done.” Darien approached the steps that would take him out of the gazebo. “Maybe we should go check it out.” 
Vicky nodded. “Then we can find where my clothing and shoes went to,” she said and padded after her boss, barefoot. 
Darien chuckled his agreement. 
***
A smile curled the edges of Darien’s lips as he looked over at his assistant. Vicky was slouched over in the seat so her head rested against the window of the car. He shook his head as he studied the long line of unguarded skin down the side of her neck. He had warned her to be cautious around all vampires, yet, here she was, sound asleep and utterly defenseless in his company. 
Darien placed the tip of his finger on the soft spot behind her ear and pulled it down so that his nail scraped softly across the pulse point in her neck. Vicky moaned lightly in her sleep and rolled her head back, so the skin stretched a little more. He rubbed his finger back and forth on the bit of clavicle exposed by the cut of her shirt as the hunger stirred in him. The tips of his fangs press into his lip, and he could still taste the sweet tang of her blood from when he had licked it from her wound last night.
Pulling his hand away, he gripped the steering wheel tightly and looked out at the street in front of Vicky’s apartment. With a long-practiced ease, he pushed the hunger away and recomposed himself. No matter how easy or tempting she made it, taking Vicky’s blood was the one thing Darien would not do. She had proven herself very capable in her job, and drinking from her would only complicate things more than they already were. 
“It’s time to wake up,” Darien said as he reached back over and touched her shoulder. He shook her just a little.
Vicky yawned as sleep released her. She sat up, rubbing her eyes, and yawned again before looking over at her boss. 
“Have a nice nap?” Darien asked with a smile. 
She nodded and rubbed the side of her neck where his nail had left a slight red mark on her skin. “Sorry.” Vicky apologized for passing out as she stretched the stiffness from her limbs.
“It’s all right,” he reassured her. “You’ve had a very busy day. I suspect you’ll be tired for the next day or two.” 
 Amusement slid across Vicky’s face, and she shook her head as she remembered highlights from her day. 
“Go get some rest.” 
“That sounds like a great idea.” She gathered up the plastic bag containing her work clothing. Someone at the mansion had cleaned and folded them up for her. Slipping back into her heels, she pulled the messenger bag over her shoulder before opening the door to get out. “Have a nice night, and I’ll see you on Monday, Mr. Ritter,” she said as she stepped out of the car. 
“Good night, Miss Westernly,” Darien replied as she shut the door and headed into her apartment building. He waited for a moment to make sure that she was safely inside before he left. 
He was surprised at how strong a person Vicky was. She seemed to handle being tossed into the middle of his world pretty well. Either that, or she was in an amazing state of denial. Darien decided it would be a wise idea to teach her more about what was out there. As she became more aware of the supernatural things of the world, they would start to take a greater interest in her. They could really cause her problems if she wasn’t properly prepared for them.
***
Dropping her bags on the couch as she passed, Vicky kicked her shoes off. She was glad to be back in the relative safety of her home. This entire weekend had left her with a lot to think about. After checking the time, she decided it wasn’t too late for a nice, relaxing bath. It would give her a chance to reflect. 
Vicky stopped up the drain and added some rose-scented bubble bath to the gurgling water. The soft scent reminded her of the roses outside the gazebo in Liz’s garden and the conversation she’d had with Darien about other ‘monsters’. He’d assured her she knew others pretending to be human. 
Sitting on the edge of the tub, Vicky trailed her fingers through the growing bubbles as she thought of all the people she knew. Could any of them be something other than human? The only person she could think of was the biker-like man who had stopped into Darien’s office just over a week ago. Vicky shook that thought away and stripped off her borrowed clothing, so she could slip into the fragrant water of her bath.
Vicky turned her mind to the people she had met at the Vampire Council. The only person there who didn’t seem bothered by Darien’s strangeness was Roger. She had watched the way the other members of the menagerie, and a few of the Council members, skittered around her boss when he walked into the room. But Roger wasn’t intimidated at all. He had happily engaged Darien in a lengthy conversation about the vampire’s car collection while making playful passes at Vicky. This had earning him several scalding looks from Jenny.
“Don’t mind him, sweetie,” Jenny said, as she patted Vicky on the arm. “He’s incorrigible.” 
Vicky had laughed at this. She could feel the tension in the group lessen as the two men talked on about cars. It was just the balm needed to soothe everyone’s frayed nerves. It was only when Vicky turned to find Daniel clamped to Josie’s wrist that her fears had been renewed. She’d quickly excused herself to go to the kitchen. She needed some water to relieve the dryness that had suddenly come to her mouth. Daniel had finished by the time Vicky came back, but it wasn’t long until Darien announced that it was time to leave. Clara had offered them her hospitality until tomorrow, but Darien had refused because he needed to get back for some unfinished business. 
Vicky suspected that Darien could feel her unease with the vampires. They all seemed to be very nice people, but she wasn’t sure she was ready to hang out with them yet. She was still a little unnerved by the sight of fangs poking out of a few of their mouths. Vicky sighed and turned off the tap, so she could relax back into the hot water. 
Closing her eyes, she thought about her boss. She had definitely seen fangs when he had rushed to her aid, but that had been the only moment. The rest of the time, his teeth had been quite normal. She had spent a better part of the evening pondering how he hid them. Darien would probably tell her if she inquired, but it felt rude to ask. And frankly, she wasn’t sure she wanted to know the answer. 
She thought about confiding in her best friend about her issues, but she was sure that was a bad idea. First, Darien wouldn’t want his secret getting out, and second, Vanessa would think Vicky had gone crazy. 
Vicky wasn’t sure she was still wholly sane as it was. How could vampires be real? Were there really legions of undead out there, mingling with normal people, just waiting to suck out their blood? If they were undead, what animated them? How did one become a vampire? These and many more questions bounced around inside Vicky’s skull. 
Sighing, she shook her head to clear the unanswered questions from her mind. If she hadn’t fallen asleep in the car, maybe Darien could have answered some of them. As it was, the drone and gentle vibration of the car had combined with her fatigue to lull her into a restful slumber. A yawn slipped from Vicky as she relaxed in the water. She could feel the tired ache slipping from her as she rested in the hot bath. Leaning her head back onto the edge of the tub, she let her mind drift away to think of things on its own accord.
***
“You should always be wary when dealing with vampires, no matter who they are,” Darien whispered as he moved towards Vicky. 
She stood just in front of the master vampire. A light burned deep in his green eyes, and she could clearly see the tips of his fangs between his parted lips. Vicky wanted to heed his warning and run, but she couldn’t move. 
As he wrapped his arms around her, Darien reached up and pushed her hair back, exposing her neck. Using one long finger, he tipped her head over ever so slightly, before drawing his nail down across her pulse point. He ended by rubbing the ridge of her collarbone, revealed by the low cut of her sundress. Holding her tighter, Darien leaned his face down to her throat. Panic bloomed in Vicky as she felt him place a light kiss on the side of her neck. 
“This is going to be fantastic, baby.” 
Adrenaline shot through Vicky’s veins as the man holding her changed from her trusted boss into Michael. She screamed as he sunk his fangs into her again. 
***
Vicky splashed a large amount of the tepid water out of the bath as she thrashed free of her nightmare. She sat up and looked around her bathroom for the man who wasn’t there. Wrapping her hand over her neck, where the dream vampire had sunk his fangs in, Vicky squeezed herself with the other arm. After a moment of deep breathing, she relaxed and pulled the plug to let the cooled water out. 
She got out and wrapped herself in a towel. After pausing in the doorway to make sure no one was in her apartment, she sprinted into the kitchen. A quick searched of the cabinets revealed a partial bottle of Jack tucked away from Vanessa’s last visit. 
Opening the bottle, Vicky sat down on the floor to take a long pull. The whisky burned down her throat as she curled forward to hug her legs to her chest with her free hand. She took another mouthful of the liquor before setting the bottle on the floor. Rubbing her temple with her hand, she tried to push the memories out of her mind. 
The nightmare had brought back last night’s escapades in living color, and she considered calling Darien for comfort but pushed the thought away. She was a grown woman and should be able to handle a simple bad dream on her own. Vicky took another slug of the alcohol before twisting the cap back on the bottle. She was starting to feel the warming effects it was having on her body. Standing up, she hid the bottle away in the cabinet before heading to her bedroom.
She dropped the wet towel to the floor and wrapped herself in her favorite nightgown before burrowing into her comforter. It felt safe swaddled in her blankets. One eye and her nose poked out from under her covers as Vicky studied the pattern on the kimono and tried to push the nightmare away. When her heart rate had finally slowed, Vicky let out a deep sigh and relaxed, letting sleep take her away.




“Will there be anything else, Mr. Ritter?” Vicky asked as she stood before Darien’s desk. 
Darien looked up from the file she had just handed him and studied his PA. She was smartly dressed, as usual, but he could see the tiredness around the edges of her eyes. He dropped the file to the desk and folded his hands on top of it. “How are you doing?” 
Vicky was slightly surprised by the concern in her boss’s voice. She looked into those deep, green eyes and considered talking to him. Twice in the night, she had woken up from nightmares about being bitten. Deciding that it was her problem to deal with, she smiled at her boss.
“I’m fine,” she tried to lie. 
Darien scowled at the untruth. 
Vicky quickly amended her statement. “I just didn’t sleep very well.” 
His expression lightened slightly. Darien could tell she wasn’t telling him everything, but he knew what was bothering her and saw no point in pressing the information from her. “All right,” he conceded, and watched as Vicky let out the breath she’d been holding. “But let me know if there is anything I can do for you, Victoria.” 
Touched by the concern in his voice, she answered, “I will.” 
“Good,” Darien approved. “There is one other thing you could do for me.” He paused, waiting for Vicky to pull herself back to the right frame of mind before continuing. “I want to go over this before my next meeting.” Darien patted the file under his hands. “Could you please make a run to the café for me?”
“No problem.” She nodded. “Your usual?”
“No, ask Sue for something special.” 
Vicky cocked a curious eyebrow at her boss but didn’t ask. Hopefully, the young barista would understand Darien’s request. “I’ll be right back.” 
Darien picked up the file and poured himself back into it as soon as she left.
***
“Good morning, Miss Westernly.” Sue smiled as Vicky walked up to the counter. “The usual?” 
“For me, yes, but Mr. Ritter asked for ‘something special’.” 
Sue paused at the odd request. Concern flashed through her, but she tried to hide it from Vicky. “Coming right up!” Sue chirped cheerfully. 
Vicky gave her a weak smile before turning her attention to the room behind her. The café sat just off the main hallway, so people were always passing by. She watched each person, wondering if they were human or something else.
“Is everything okay?” 
Vicky was startled back to reality as Sue set the drinks on the counter behind her. “I’ve had a really weird weekend,” Vicky answered. Her hand rose to cover the healed vampire bite unconsciously. 
Sue’s eyes followed the telltale motion. “Did he bite you?” she asked softly. 
Vicky’s eyes nearly popped out of her head. “What?” she asked, shocked.
“Master Darien. Did he bite you?” 
“No, it was someone else…” she began. “Wait! You know Mr. Ritter is a…” Vicky stopped, not wanting to say the word out loud.
“…A vampire?” Sue finished for her. “Yes, I know.” 
Feeling her knees weaken, Vicky looked around for a chair to sit in before she fell over. She backed up and took a seat at the table next to her as the shock stole the rest of the strength from her legs. 
Sue hurried around the counter to make sure Vicky was all right. 
“I’ll be okay,” she reassured the concerned girl. “I’m just a little overwhelmed by it all.” 
Sue retrieved the coffees from the counter and handed one to her. “Why don’t you tell me about it?” Sue offered as she sat in the chair next to Vicky. “Maybe it would help to talk.” 
Vicky looked up at her reassuring smile and started into her story. Sue listened intently as Vicky relayed their trip out to the Vampire Council. She pursed her lips as Vicky recounted Michael’s behavior, but she smiled when she heard about the way Darien had thrown the man and tended to Vicky. Sue was spared no detail as Vicky spun her story. She even included the nightmares plaguing her. 
Sue sat and considered what to say to the upset woman. “You don’t have to worry about anything with Darien around.” 
Vicky looked up at the reassuring words.
“He won’t let anything else happen.” Sue smiled warmly at her. She could still see the fear in Vicky’s face, so she went on. “Darien’s reach is much further than you think. The vampires now know you are under his protection, and no one else would dare to touch you while you’re carrying that,” Sue pointed to the bag Vicky had slung at her hip. 
Vicky was surprised to find it there. She hadn’t realized that she had picked it up on her way out. 
“The werewolves have already been warned about to you.” 
“What?” Vicky stared at Sue in disbelief.
“It’s true,” Sue informed her. “Darien’s had words with the local pack alpha, and he’s made sure the rest of the pack knows who you are.” Seeing the shocked look on Vicky’s face, Sue decided it wouldn’t be a good idea to reveal that, since Rupert’s little misunderstanding, he had been sending wolves to make sure Vicky got home safely every evening. 
“But how do they know who I am?” Vicky looked around as if someone was watching her. 
“That bag marks you as being Master Darien’s.” Sue spoke softly to try to ease Vicky’s nerves. “Even if you didn’t have it with you, you’ve spent enough time in Darien’s company that you’re starting to smell like him.” 
Sue giggled as Vicky raised the back of her hand to her nose and sniffed it. As far as Vicky could tell, she didn’t smell any different from normal. 
“It would take a much keener nose than yours to detect the change,” Sue informed her.
“How can you tell?” Vicky asked as she lowered her hand from her face. 
The barista smiled again. “I have a much keener nose.” 
Vicky’s eyes widened in surprise. 
“I’m a werewolf.” 
Vicky gawked openly as she processed this fact. She couldn’t believe that this sweet girl was one of the monsters Darien had warned her about.
“You mean like fur and fangs in the full-moon light?” Vicky said in disbelief. 
Sue laughed out loud. “I’ve never heard it so elegantly put, but yes.” She smiled warmly. 
A million questions rushed into Vicky’s brain. “But how do—”
“There you are.” Darien called as he finally located his assistant. 
Vicky’s mouth slammed shut on her questions. “Mr. Ritter!” she gasped instead and turned towards him, shocked that he had come looking for her. Tearing her eyes from the unexpected sight, she found the clock on the wall and realized she had been gone for much longer than she intended. 
Vicky jumped to her feet as Sue stood up and took the drink she had made for Darien.
“Let me refresh this for you, Mr. Ritter.” She smiled again at Vicky before slipping back behind the counter. 
“Did you have a nice chat with Sue?” Darien asked, smiling at the color that rushed across Vicky’s cheeks. 
“I’m so sorry, Mr. Ritter!” she exclaimed. “I didn’t realize it had gotten so late.” 
Darien placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder. “It’s all right. We still have time before the meeting.” 
Vicky let out a relieved sigh when her boss didn’t reprimand her. 
“Do you feel better now?” he asked.
She looked up into his concerned eyes and thought about the question for a moment. Sue had given her a lot more to think about, but the fear and worry that had been troubling her were gone. “Yes, I think I do,” Vicky answered. 
Darien nodded his relief and dropped his hand away from her shoulder.
“Here you go, Mr. Ritter.” Sue placed a fresh drink on the counter. 
“Thank you, Sue.” He picked up the drink and took a long pull from it. He turned his attention to Vicky. “If you are ready to head out, I need to go yell at the board about these numbers. They are way off the mark this month.” 
Vicky smiled and nodded her head. “Thank you, Sue,” she waved to her friend.
Sue waved back. “Any time.” 
Vicky grabbed up her coffee and followed Darien, who was leading the way to the boardroom. She was surprised at how quickly she had gone from dealing with the supernatural things slipping into her world to listening to her boss complain about figures and monthly spending reports. Sighing, she turned her mind back to her job. 
Darien paused in his rant to drain the rest of his drink, so he could dispose of it in one of the large trashcans in the hallway. It wouldn’t do to take the cup of blood into the meeting and risk it being dropped into one of the smaller wastebaskets. He licked the last drops from the plastic cover before tossing it in the can. 
Looking back at the woman following him, he pushed the button to call the elevator. Once they were both inside, he watched the reflection of his assistant in the shiny surface of the door. Vicky had plucked one of the shoulders of her shirt up and was sniffing at the collar. A thoughtful look crossed her face, and she smoothed her shirt back into place. “What are you doing?’ Darien asked as he turned to look at the odd behavior. 
Embarrassed, Vicky took a slight step back as she realized she had been caught in her investigation. “Um…” She couldn’t think of a good explanation, so she went with the truth. “Sue said I was starting to smell like you.” 
Darien looked at her for a moment before closing the distance between them. 
Vicky tried to retreat from him but found she was already against the back wall of the small, enclosed space. He placed his hand on the wall next to her and bent his head to the crook of her neck. Her pulse raced as Darien swung his face across her shoulder and up the side of her head. She could hear the deep intake of air as he pulled in her scent. Her breath hitched as he pushed away from her, and she met his eyes. His pupils were significantly dilated from where they were when he had first trapped her. 
“So you do,” Darien confirmed.
Vicky’s heart skipped again. Before she knew what happened or had the chance to act on the strange impulses being sent from that tight pull in her gut, he was back over by the door where he had started. 
“I hadn’t noticed.” 
Vicky wanted to laugh hysterically at how calm her boss was after doing something so intimate and inhuman. 
In all honesty, Darien was very affected by the trembling mess he had made of his assistant. He smiled to himself as she pulled herself together. He loved the way she smelled and was sorely tempted to offer her a place in his menagerie. It had been many years since he had kept what some of the Council called “pets,” but the sight of Michael with his fangs in Vicky had stirred something in him that Darien hadn’t felt in a long time. 
Darien had become keenly aware that he was starting to have feelings for his assistant. Vicky’s presence brought something to his life that he hadn’t known he was missing. The smile that lit up her face, her innocence, the fact that she kept bringing him clementines. These had all moved him in ways he hadn’t realized until she was in danger. Darien had thought about it over the last day and decided the best thing to do was to wait. If Vicky handled this change in her world well, maybe he could invite her in deeper, but he wasn’t going to do anything that would endanger her ability to act as his PA. She did an excellent job, and he would be hard-pressed to find someone to replace her if she quit. Darien reached for his calm center, trying to push away all thoughts of the woman trapped in the small box with him. He took a deep breath to clean out his head but found that the air was filled with scents. Her rose and jasmine perfume, a touch of fear, a hint of desire, her natural smell, and his own rich aroma mingled to form a heady mix that tugged at his body. Holding his breath, he could school himself back into a business mindset. He still needed to whack around the heads of his board members who were getting out of line. When the elevator door opened, he was glad to see Vicky had also recomposed herself and was ready to take on the challenges of the rest of the day.




Vicky shut her front door and turned to drop herself over the arm of the couch. She stared up at the ceiling and tried not to think about what had happened that day. After the incident in the elevator, Darien’s attitude was strictly business as usual, and they ran on through their day like nothing had happened. She shook her head. Maybe this was normal for vampires. Surely, it wasn’t the strangest thing she had seen him do, and it wasn’t as if he had actually touched her. He just smelled her in the most provocative fashion in which she had ever been sniffed. Vicky blushed as she remembered the feel of his face against her hair and the look in his eyes. 
Shuddering, she pushed the intense image away. She needed something to distract her, and she knew just the thing. Vicky rolled off the couch and found her cell phone in the bag. She had started carrying her own things in Darien’s messenger bag. It was just easier to carry one bag instead of two. Hitting a number on speed dial, she waited for the phone to connect.
“Hey, Vicks,” Vanessa’s voice echoed down the line. “What’s up?” 
Vicky smiled at the familiar sound of her friend. She was sure that Vanessa was human. “I was just wondering if you wanted to go out tonight?” 
“That would be fantastic!” Vanessa squealed. “Beth just told me about a special event over at Alchemy. I thought about asking you, but seeing that it’s Monday, I didn’t think you would want to go.”
“As long as I don’t stay out too late, it’s fine,” Vicky answered. 
“Fantastic! Do you still have that black velvet dress you got at the Crystal Fair?” Vanessa asked. 
Vicky thought about it for a moment. “You mean the floor-length one with the wide, pointed sleeves?”
“That’s the one!” 
“I think it’s in a box under my bed. Let me look.” Vicky got up and headed to the bedroom to check. She pulled out a plastic tub containing clothing she didn’t wear but couldn’t throw out. “Yes, it’s here.” She pulled a long, stretch-velvet dress from the box and placed it on the bed.
“Great! Beth and I will be over in thirty minutes to help you with your makeup.” 
Vicky could hear Vanessa bounce as she spoke. 
“Get out those heeled boots from last Halloween. This is going to be great!” 
Vanessa hung up before Vicky could ask what was going on. She sighed and went to take a shower before her friends showed up. 
***
“I’m not so sure about this.” Vicky looked at her reflection in the mirror. 
Beth and Vanessa had curled Vicky’s hair so that it fell in rolls down her back. They had used a foundation that whitened her out, a light pink lipstick, and very heavy eyeliner. Coupled with the black dress and black vinyl boots, she looked like she could be a poster child for Hot Topic. All she needed to do was dye her hair black, and the image would be perfect. 
“I think you look fantastic!” Beth sprayed the last length of hair, so the curl would stay. Pulling the iron away, the curl bounced down with the rest of them. “All done,” she said.
“Not quite,” Vanessa said, retrieving something black from her bag. She wrapped the wide strip of a velvet collar around Vicky’s neck. “Now we’re ready.”
Vicky examined the necklace in the mirror. The inch-wide collar was adorned with two red crystals set a smile’s width apart. From the back of each crystal hung three chains, each tipped with a blood-red jewel. The six droplets danced across Vicky’s collarbone. Her heart skipped as she looked at the simulated vampire bite sitting over her pulse point. 
“I can’t wear this.” She lifted her hand to remove it.
“But it’s perfect!” Beth complained as she stopped Vicky from touching the collar. 
Vicky sighed deeply at her friend’s stubbornness. “You still haven’t even told me what is going on at Alchemy tonight.” She eyed the corset Beth was wrapped in. 
“It’s Goth Night!” Beth squealed in excitement. 
Vicky looked over at the pirate costume Vanessa was dressed in. 
“It was the best I could come up with on such short notice.” Vanessa shrugged as she settled a tricorne hat on her head. 
Vicky had wanted to go clubbing to get her mind off vampires, not go hang with humans pretending to be them. She sighed and shook her head. Loud music and dancing was still loud music and dancing, no matter what the atmosphere. “All right,” Vicky acquiesced. “Let’s go before it gets too late.” 
Beth bounced in delight, and the three friends stopped long enough to pick up Beth’s steampunk jacket from the couch. Vicky slung the messenger bag over her shoulder. 
Beth frowned at the bag. “Why are you bringing that thing?” It was ruining the line of Vicky’s dress again. 
“I told you last time.” Vicky grumbled at her friends as she opened the door. “I’m on call and have to have it in case Mr. Ritter needs it.” 
“So you’re at his beck and call?” Vanessa laughed. 
Vicky blushed at the lewd implication. “It’s not like that,” she hissed, locking the door behind them. 
“I’ll gladly be at his beck and call,” Beth said breathily as she thought about Vicky’s boss. “He’s hot.”
“Stop it,” Vicky hissed again, causing her friends to giggle. “I don’t want to think about him that way. He’s my boss.” The incident in the elevator popped into her mind, and she was glad it had started to get dark. It made the red on her skin harder to see.
“Does he work you too hard?” Vanessa teased, and Beth giggled. 
Vicky let out an exasperated sigh and grinned at her teasing friends. “Sometimes,” she said, and her girlfriends oohed at her. She rolled her eyes and covered her face as they went into all the ways they would like her boss to work them.
***
“You two are perverts,” Vicky sighed, as Vanessa parked her car in the lot next to the club. “Now, would you cut it out so we can dance?” 
Vicky tried to calm the heat from her skin, but there was no way she was going to get rid of the smile cracking across her face. Both Beth and Vanessa had very active imaginations, and the two girls had come up with a plethora of perverted things as they drove to the club. 
“But, we were just offering suggestions you could try out the next time you’re alone with Mr. Tall, Dark, and Handsome,” Vanessa teased.
More like Mr. Tall, Dark, and Fangy, Vicky thought to herself. “Please, I just want to forget Mr. Ritter for the moment and have a good time,” Vicky begged her friends. 
Beth and Vanessa could see this topic was starting to bother Vicky, so they dropped it. “Let’s go pick up some hot guys who can’t fire us,” Beth teased, and the three girls crossed the parking lot and disappeared into the thumping music issuing from the club.
***
The empty bottle clinked against the table as Vicky set it down and went to stand at the edge of the dance floor. Her eyes found her friends mixed into the crowd, swaying to the music. Vanessa had one guy pressed to her back and another rubbing against her front. The guys’ pirate costumes were identical, and they seemed to be twins. From the action on the floor, Vicky was sure those two scurvy dogs were going to steal her ride home tonight. Vicky’s gaze kept wandering until they found Beth hanging out with the steampunk crowd. She had a guy wrapped around her, and they were grinding on the dance floor. 
Sighing at her lack of luck, Vicky stood at the edge of the floor and swayed in time to the music. There had been several men who had started her way, but all of them had been intercepted by someone else, or they turned away before they reached her. She looked down at the formfitting dress she was wearing. Yes, it was long, but it hugged her in all the right spots. She shook her head as she tried to figure out why her luck was so bad tonight. Normally, she could find at least one person willing to dance with her.
She was just thinking about getting her fourth beer, when she felt a hand on her hip.
“You would be surprised to know how many phone calls I got, telling me you were here.” 
Vicky looked up at the familiar man pulling her into the line of his body. “Mr. Ritter!” she squeaked, completely shocked that he was standing in the thumping club. Too astonished to pull away, Vicky let Darien lead them back to the table where she had been sitting. 
He placed her in one side of the booth and waved at the waiter for two more beers before sitting down opposite her. “You look very nice tonight,” Darien complemented her. 
Vicky was still too dumbfounded to think as she looked over her boss. She couldn’t believe that he was in a dark, peasant shirt and black leather pants with a lace-up fly. The ends of the pants were tucked into black, knee-length plainsmen boots held in place by a cord wrapped around them. His rich, brown hair was artfully messy and hung into his face. Vicky gawked at the roguish air rolling off her boss as he lounged back in the booth. One arm was stretched across the back of the seat as the opposite leg kicked out across the opening of the booth. It wasn’t far enough out in the aisle that someone would trip over it, but it did prevent Vicky from an easy escape if she chose to run. Her mouth flapped as she tried to respond, but nothing came out. 
Cocking an eyebrow at her, Darien worked to keep his amusement off his face. Their bubble was broken when the waiter set two bottles on the table. Darien nodded his thanks, and the waiter made himself scarce. 
Vicky took a swig from the bottle Darien slid in front of her. “What are you doing here?” she finally found her voice as she looked at her boss in surprise. 
Darien picked up his bottle by the neck and took a sip of the ale. “I told you. I got several calls telling me you were here by yourself, so I came.” 
Vicky gawked at his words. “I’m not here by myself,” she informed him, “I’m here with Beth and Vanessa.” 
He looked back at the dance floor, where Vicky’s friends were hidden. “I see.” A smile cracked across his face as he took another sip of his beer. 
Vicky huffed at him and crossed her arms over her chest. “I usually have better luck than this.” Relaxing, she picked up her beer again and looked out at the sea of men who refused to dance with her. 
“I have to apologize to you for that one.” Darien looked a little guilty. “It’s not because you don’t look nice, I assure you. You look ravishing by the way.” 
She squirmed in her seat. “Thank you.” She took another sip of beer to cover her unease at having his eyes on her. Once the drink was clear of her mouth, Vicky voiced the thought that popped into her head. “If it’s not what I’m wearing, then why is everyone avoiding me?” She looked up at Darien. “What did you do?”
“Nothing.” He chuckled. “I didn’t have to do anything.” 
Vicky cocked her head, pondering his words. 
He could see the confusion in her eyes, so he went on to explain. “Goth Night is when the vampires and their minions hit the clubs.” 
She whipped her head around to look at the throng of people gyrating on the floor. 
“Most of them are either vampires or have some connection to vampires.” 
Swallowing hard, Vicky raised her hand to her throat as she thought about his words. “Will my friends be okay?” she asked as concern filled her. 
“They’ll be fine,” Darien snickered. He had already spoken to the masters in the room to ensure that her friends were off the dinner menu for the evening. 
She sighed with relief. “But that still doesn’t answer why I couldn’t find someone to dance with.” She pouted in her beer. 
Darien chuckled again and took another sip. “They’re afraid of me,” he whispered. Vicky’s eyes widened a little at this. 
“I’m sure every one of them has heard about the incident this past weekend. That’s why none of them have approached you. They’re under the impression that you belong to me.” 
She gaped at him again. “But I don’t belong to you!” Vicky objected.
“True.” Darien sipped his drink again as he explained. “You are your own person and do as you please, but I have offered you my protection. Twice. First, with the werewolves, and now, with the vampires. These people see life by a different set of rules. Since I have given you my protection, they view you as mine and off limits.”
“Well, there goes my social life,” Vicky huffed and slouched back into her bench. 
Darien tilted his head to look at her thoughtfully as a smile slipped across his face. “Only if you plan on dating a vampire or werewolf.” 
Vicky picked at the label on her bottle as she thought about this. Sitting up, she took another drink of her beer and looked back out at the people populating the club. Now that she was looking at the crowd more closely, she could see eyes watching them. The owners of those eyes still danced and chatted with their partners, but their attention was focused on the master vampire drinking beer in the booth. Laughing out loud, Vicky dropped her head to the table to giggle herself silly. 
Shocked by this reaction, Darien sat up to make sure she was all right. 
She rolled her head over to look back out at the crowd once her mirth subsided. Sighing, she sat up to talk with Darien again. “I actually wanted to go out tonight to get my mind off everything,” Vicky admitted as she took another sip. “It was Beth’s idea that we come out for Goth Night. I never expected to run into a…” she waved, looking for a name for the large group of vampires.
“It was originally called a murder, but you can call it a kiss,” Darien offered. 
Vicky gave him a confused look. “A murder?” she asked.
“It comes from the name for a flock of crows,” he explained. 
“Oh.” Vicky filed this bit of trivia away and went back to what she was saying. “I never expected to run into a kiss of vampires.” She took another pull on her beer. “Is this going to happen every time I go out clubbing?” 
“No,” Darien replied. “It’s true that vampires and their crews run the clubs, looking for those willing to donate blood, but they usually don’t come out in the numbers here tonight. Goth Night at any club is seen as a chance for the different broods to get together and mingle.” 
Vicky nodded as he educated her. 
“Vampires are a common theme in gothic culture, so it’s not an unusual topic. That’s why we can sit here and chat about vampirism so openly.” 
“So, no Goth Night.” Vicky nodded, making a mental note.
“Not unless you want me to come with you,” Darien added, toying with his beer bottle. “You may also want to avoid raves. Those tend to be the preferred hangout of the werewolves.” 
Vicky’s eyes widened, and she drained the rest of the beer from her bottle. 
Darien took the empty bottle away from her and pushed his partial beer towards her. “I’m not going to finish it,” he explained as she looked at the offered drink. 
She shrugged and rolled the bottle between her hands. She was drunk enough that she wasn’t going to let some swapped germs bother her. “Thanks for coming out and explaining things.” Vicky swirled the beer around in the bottle before taking a sip. “I’m sorry if I pulled you away from anything important.”
“Nothing that needed my attention.” Darien grinned. They sat in silence for a while as Vicky picked at the label on her bottle. Darien leaned back in his booth and sighed. “It’s still fairly early in the evening, and you came out to dance, so why don’t you go have a good time? I’m sure you’ll find someone to dance with, now.”
She gawked at him again. “I can’t leave you sitting here by yourself,” Vicky gasped at the idea. “It would be rude.” 
“I’ll be fine,” Darien waved her concern away. “Besides, this isn’t my type of music.” 
Vicky sat staring at him for a moment, torn. She did want to get up and dance, but she didn’t want to leave him by himself. 
Darien moved his leg back so she could get out of the booth without falling over it. “Go. Have a good time.” His words were gentle, but the command in them left no room for argument.
 Taking one last pull from her drink, Vicky slipped from the table. 
Darien relaxed back into the booth and watched the hem of her dress swirl around her feet as she headed to the dance floor. She stopped at the edge of the wooden surface and looked back at him one more time.
He shooed her on, and she stepped into the mass of people and disappeared into the writhing bodies. Darien could feel the asking eyes of the other vampires in the room. He nodded his approval before leaning his head back and losing himself to the thumping rhythm of the music. Watching through half-lidded eyes, Darien smiled. He could understand why Vicky would choose such a place to unwind. The heavy beat was almost primal, yet relaxing to the mind.
***
As soon as Vicky stepped onto the dance floor, she was swept away by the movement of the crowd. Before Darien had shown up, the crowd parted when she came out to dance. Now it engulfed her. Vicky felt the soft touch of fingers shepherding her farther onto the dance floor. She never saw the hands or their owners in the mob around her, but they led her to the center of the floor. Closing her eyes, Vicky gave herself over to the music, and it didn’t take long to get properly lost in it. When she opened her eyes back up, she found herself in a group of six of the hottest guys on the floor. 
Vicky was bombarded by a barrage of dance partners, each one dancing with her for a few moments before handing her off to the next. After reaching fourteen, she stopped counting and just enjoyed the movement of the crowd. The faces that passed by, gave her something to think about. Some of them had fangs, but Vicky wasn’t sure if they were real or costume. Surprisingly, they didn’t bother her in this setting as much as she thought they would. 
Thought of vampires and her feelings towards them bubbled around in her head as she was passed from person to person. The grasping hands of her next partner ripped Vicky from her thoughts. Instead of catching her waist like the others had, he grabbed her ass and ground her against him uncomfortably. Gasping at the course action, she moved to push away from him, but she was swept from his grasp before she could do anything. 
A rich tenor echoed from the chest Vicky found herself buried in. “You do not treat Master’s Lady that way.” 
 Looking up into the face of the man who had saved her, the fangs were the first things she noticed, but they didn’t look out of place in the handsome face framed by long, blond hair. 
“Are you all right, my dear?” 
Nodding, Vicky stepped away from him, and swayed slightly as the alcohol caught up with her. 
“Easy there.” The blond man grabbed onto her shoulder to save her from falling over. “Maybe we should get you back to your master.” She eeped as he pulled her in against his side and turned towards the booth where Darien was sitting. The crowd parted before them as he walked her off the floor.
“But he’s not my master,” Vicky protested weakly. She wanted them to know she was her own person. 
The man grinned. “That may be so, but it’s obvious you belong to him.” He patted her hip where his arm was wrapped around her. “Consider it a great honor… Master Darien hasn’t kept a companion in a very long time.” 
Vicky wanted to protest, but they had arrived back at the table where Darien was sitting. 
“Elliot!” Darien smiled up from where he lounged in the booth. “I didn’t know you were back in town.” He stood to shake the man’s hand. 
“Good evening, Master Darien. I only just arrived,” Elliot answered as he took ahold of the offered appendage. “I found something that belongs to you.” He released Vicky and spun her around to stand next to Darien. “She was being accosted on the dance floor.” 
Darien looked over the girl at his side and wrapped his arm protectively around her shoulders. 
“Don’t worry. She is well, and the problem has been dealt with.” 
He nodded his approval. “Thank you.” 
Elliot bowed at Darien’s words. “I think it would be wise to take her home,” he said, offering his advice. “It’s getting late, and she’s a little drunk.” 
Vicky huffed at him, but she couldn’t argue with his point. Now that she wasn’t lost to the music, she was feeling the alcohol. “Fine,” she agreed. “But I need to let my friends know that I’m leaving.” 
Stepping away from Darien’s side, she stumbled a little and was saved by two pairs of hands as the vampires employed their speed to catch her before she fell. 
“Thank you,” she muttered as her skin flushed. 
“Let us help you.” Elliot whirled around to take her arm. Darien took the other, and they walked Vicky out to the floor. 
She looked back over her shoulder at the booth. “My bag!” she protested. 
“I have it here.” Darien patted the bag on his hip. 
She let out a sigh of relief and allowed the two men to take her to find her friends. The crowd parted, and Vicky could see several people bow to them as they passed. 
It didn’t take long to find the first of Vicky’s friends hanging out with the steampunk group. Beth and her dance partner stilled as the two vampires escorted Vicky over. 
A man dressed in a velvet-trimmed, Edwardian morning jacket stepped out of the group to greet them. He bowed slightly to Darien. “Master Darien.”
“Master Victor.” Darien returned the greeting.
Vicky looked between the two master vampires before stepping away from her escorts to talk with her friend still held captive by her silent dance partner. “I’m heading home, Beth. I have to work in the morning,” she explained. 
Beth nodded to her but was looking over Vicky’s shoulder at the two handsome men who had brought her over. She stared at them with her mouth open. 
“Beth.” Vicky prompted. 
“Yes!” Beth snapped her mouth shut and turned her attention back to her friend. “Um… going home. Yes. Then we need to find Vanessa. She has the car.” Beth stumbled over her words as she tried to put her brain in gear. 
Vicky giggled. “You look a little preoccupied.” She smiled at the man still wrapped around her friend. “Why don’t you stay here, and I’ll go find Vanessa.” Beth just stared at her and her escorts as Vicky and the men turned to go find Vanessa. 
“Don’t worry about her,” Elliot winked at Beth before he turned away. “She’s in good hands.” 
Beth’s mouth worked in a way that would make a goldfish proud as she tried to come up with something to say. She had never seen Vicky pick up two hot guys in one night.
They found Vanessa still pressed between the pirate twins. When Vicky approached, the men paused before moving to stand next to each other behind the woman Vicky was looking for. 
The twins bowed slightly to them. “My Lady,” they greeted her. “Master,” they greeted Darien. 
Vicky didn’t know why, but she dropped into a curtsy as Darien bowed to the pair.
“Jakob. Josh.” Darien greeted them. 
Vanessa stared at who was behind Vicky. Wrapping an arm around Vicky’s, she pulled her friend away from the men following her. “Is that your boss?” Vanessa whispered to her best friend. 
Vicky nodded. 
“What’s he doing here?” she hissed as she looked back over her shoulder at the handsome men. 
“It’s a long story,” Vicky said with a sigh. “I’m heading home. It’s getting late, and I have to work in the morning.” 
“Do you need a ride?” Vanessa asked as she peeked back over her shoulder at Vicky’s boss. 
A smile turned up Darien’s lips as he heard the implied meaning behind her question.
“I’m fine,” Vicky answered. She was sure that Darien intended on taking her home. “You stay and have fun.” 
Vanessa giggled. “Oh, I plan on it.” 
Vicky looked up at the two men waiting for Vanessa to finish with her friend. Since they had greeted Darien, they had to have something to do with the vampires. Concern colored Vicky’s thoughts for a moment, but she pushed it away. Darien had assured her that her friends were safe. “I’ll see you later.” Vicky hugged Vanessa and turned back to the two men waiting for her.
“I’ll call you about this weekend!” Vanessa waved to her. 
Vicky raised a hand in response. 
The pirate boys were back on Vanessa before Vicky could get totally away. She shook her head at the giggles issuing from her friend. Only Vanessa could find a set of twins to entertain her for the night. Vicky pushed that thought away and let Elliot and Darien lead her off the floor and out the door. 
They stopped just outside the club, and Darien turned to the other man and nodded his thanks. “Are you staying in town?” he asked.
“Yes, with some of Rachael’s fledglings,” Elliot informed him. “If you need anything, please call me, my liege.” He bowed deeply and swept his hand across his chest in a very old-fashioned manner. 
Darien nodded very slowly.
Elliot stood up and turned his attention to Vicky. Taking her hand, he bowed over it. “It was a pleasure to meet you, My Lady.” 
She blushed as he placed a kiss on the back of her hand. 
“I look forward to our next meeting.” 
Unsure of the proper response, Vicky muttered another ‘thank you’ as Elliot released her and disappeared back into the club. 
Darien took her by the arm and led her through the parking lot to his little sports car. “What’s going on this weekend?” he asked as he slipped Vicky into the passenger seat of his Aston Martin. He handed her the messenger bag, and she laid it on her lap. 
“It’s girls’ night out with the old dorm crew,” Vicky explained as Darien settled himself into the driver’s seat. 
“Do you always come out to Alchemy?” He started the car and backed out of the parking space. 
Vicky shrugged and looked out the window. “Most of the time. We used to go across town to Red Jack’s, but some guy wouldn’t leave Maggie alone, so we found another club. I have to say, I like Alchemy better.” 
Darien smiled at this. He was good friends with the owners and had financed the club when it first opened. “How often do you go out with your friends?” he asked, maneuvering the car into traffic. When Vicky didn’t respond, he looked over to find that she had fallen asleep against the door again. Darien chuckled and turned back to the road in front of him. He was amazed at how comfortable she was in his company, even after she knew what he was.
***
Darien parked his car in front of Vicky’s building and looked over at his sleeping assistant. The two red crystals on her collar teased him, sparkling just above her pulse point. He shook his head and pulled on her shoulder, so she wouldn’t fall out when he opened the passenger door. Vicky moaned lightly in her sleep but didn’t wake up. 
He got out and circled the car to open her door. Slipping the messenger bag from her lap, he fished in it to find her keys. House keys in hand, Darien slung the bag over his shoulder and bent to lift the sleeping girl from his car. With Vicky secure in his arms, he kicked the door shut before turning to take her inside. She snuggled into his chest and sighed contently in her sleep. Darien smiled softly at the woman and soon had her up the steps and into her apartment. 
Making his way into her bedroom, Darien held her tightly to him as he dropped her legs to the floor. With his free hand, he pulled the bedding back before lifting his drunken assistant into her bed. He took a moment to remove her shoes before making sure she was properly tucked in. Brushing her hair away from her face, he looked down at the black collar that had been teasing him. 
“This is very apropos for tonight’s venue,” Darien whispered as his fingers found the clasp at the back of her neck and pulled the velvet band off. “The next time you want to sport a vampire bite, all you need to do is ask.” He looked down at the two marks on her neck from where the chains attached to the back of the collar had pressed into her skin. Bending over, he placed a light kiss over the mark and drew in the soft scent of her skin. “You make this much too easy,” Darien whispered against her neck and stood back up. 
He checked to make sure Vicky’s alarm clock was set and turned to head out. His eyes landed on the kimono hanging on her wall, and he laughed out loud. “Sleep well, Victoria,” Darien patted her legs on his way past. 
Darien made sure the door would lock itself before he deposited the bag and her keys on the couch and left. It would be in his best interest to have someone he trusted watch out for Vicky when she went partying with her friends. Twice now, they’d left her to fend for herself at the club, and Darien didn’t find them very trustworthy. He thought about who would be best to send as he got back into his car and went to find dinner. 




Vicky looked up from her desk at the tall man walking into her office. She raised her hand to her neck as she recognized the same dark-haired man who had accosted her two weeks ago. Swallowing back her fear, she stood to greet him. “Good afternoon,” she said as firmly as her voice would let her. “May I help you?” 
Rupert was surprised that Darien’s PA wasn’t cowering in the corner. He could smell her fear, but she was doing a remarkable job of hiding its outward signs. “I’m here to see Darien Ritter.” Rupert stopped in front of the desk and smiled. “I have an appointment today.” 
Vicky ran the schedule she had committed to memory, and pulled the man’s name out… “Rupert Marshal?” she asked, to confirm. 
“At your service,” he bowed politely. 
Vicky cocked her head at the odd response. “Please have a seat, and I’ll let Mr. Ritter know you’re here.” She waved the man to the chairs against the wall. Turning away from Rupert, she knocked on Darien’s door. When no answer came, she opened it and poked her head in. 
“I don’t care what excuse you’ve come up with,” Darien spoke sharply into the phone. “I don’t pay you for excuses; I pay you to do your job. Either get it done or I’ll find someone else.” 
He looked up from where he was listening, and Vicky signaled that his four o’clock was there. Darien looked at the clock on his wall and nodded. He signaled he wanted some coffee, and she nodded and left as he snapped into the phone again. 
She turned back to the man studying the pictures on the wall between the chairs. “Mr. Ritter is on the phone at the moment,” she informed him, pulling her bag from under her desk. “He’ll be with you as soon as he’s done.” She slipped the bag over her shoulder and settled it on her hip. Gathering up her courage, she stepped around her desk and into the open space next to the werewolf. “I’m heading out to get some coffee for Mr. Ritter. Would you like something?” 
Rupert was awed by how polite she was to him. “Black coffee, please,” he said, accepting her offer. 
Vicky nodded and made her way out of the office. 
Rupert watched her walk past him with a calm facade. He stood there, looking at the doorway for a full minute, until Darien came out of the office.
“Good afternoon, Rupert,” Darien greeted the pensive werewolf. 
“You have a very interesting assistant.” Rupert stared at the door where Vicky had disappeared. 
Darien laughed. “That she is.” 
“I don’t know what I was expecting,” Rupert turned to face Darien, “but she seems well-composed.”
“I’m sure she was terrified of you,” he reassured the alpha. “But, after the weekend she’s had, you don’t seem that scary.” Darien held out his hand to lead Rupert into his office. “Come on inside, so we can talk.” 
Rupert headed through the open door. “I heard something happened with the vampires, but my sources didn’t say what.”
Darien closed it behind them.
“I also heard you were out at Alchemy on Monday.” 
Darien chuckled at the werewolf. 
“Terrifying the fledglings?” Rupert teased.
“Not intentionally.” Darien sighed. “Miss Westernly’s friends decided it would be a good idea to go out for Goth Night, and they took her with them.” 
“Had to go save your minion?” Rupert grinned.
“Hardly.” Darien circled his desk so he could sit down, while Rupert took one of the leather armchairs. “I had to go reassure the young ones that I wouldn’t kill them for touching her.” He shook his head. 
“They haven’t been that afraid of you in years.” Rupert pondered this fact. “What’d you do to scare them so badly?” 
“I took Miss Westernly with me to the Vampire Council over the weekend.” Darien rubbed his temple as he spoke. “There was an incident with Michael.” 
Rupert raised an eyebrow. 
“He bit her,” Darien explained.
“And he’s still alive?” Rupert asked in surprise.
“Things got complicated.” Darien shrugged. “If my instructions had been passed on properly, and he had still bitten her, he’d be dead.” 
“He’s an ass, anyway.” Rupert shook his head. “We have more problems out of his broodlings than all the other masters combined.” 
“I know it.” Darien shook his head and remembered that more than half of the council meeting had dealt with Michael and his flock. Switching topics, he asked, “Have you had your pack following Miss Westernly?” 
“Um…” Rupert looked away from the vampire. “…for her safety, yes.”
“I thought I smelled wolf on her the other day.” 
“Phelan caught her last Thursday, when she nearly fell into the street,” Rupert explained. “Some idiot was biking on the sidewalk, and Miss Westernly caught her heel in a grate trying to get out of his way.” 
“That’s good.” Darien nodded his approval. “You may want to warn your wolves that she knows about their existence now. Sue’s been helping her deal with the changes in her world.” 
Rupert nodded. “Sue’s a good person to talk to. She’s the best sister I could ever have.”
“I definitely appreciate her work.” Darien smiled. “Do any of your people hang out at Alchemy?” He moved the conversation on, again.
“Yeah, Zoe and Mitzy are there every weekend. Why?”
“Miss Westernly and her college friends hang out there every now and then,” Darien explained. 
“You want them to call you when she’s there?” Rupert offered.
“Nothing that extreme.” Darien waved the offer away. “I’m just not too sure about her friends. They’ve abandoned her both times I have seen them hang out,” he explained. “I just want to make sure someone is around to help if something should happen.”
“Some friends,” Rupert huffed, and Darien nodded. “Don’t worry about the lass. I’ll make sure the girls know to keep an eye out for her.” 
“Thank you.” Darien turned the conversation again. “I suspect you would like to know what happened with the Council this weekend.” Rupert nodded, and Darien recounted the meeting with Clara and the other masters. 
About halfway through the tale, Vicky knocked on the door, announcing her return with refreshments. She passed out the coffee and set two blueberry muffins and a few clementines on the desk. Darien paused in his story long enough to thank her before she bowed herself out without a word. 
“She’s so thoughtful,” Rupert said as he picked up one of the muffins. 
“It’s so nice to not have to stop a conversation because the help comes in.” Darien picked up a clementine and split the peel open.
“So, you were saying the Council thinks that the Gray Courts could be involved in the murders?” Rupert muttered around a mouthful of muffin. 
“Yes.” Darien popped a piece of the fruit in his mouth. 
Rupert stopped his chewing to stare at him. 
“Rachael suggested that they might know something about it. There’s a very limited list of people who could be the culprit. When you take out vampires and werewolves, you’re left with fay or something really obscure—” Darien stopped his explanation and looked at the wolf staring at him. “What?”
“Nothing,” Rupert looked away from the vampire. He knew Darien was special, but, other than coffee, he had never seen the man eat before. Rupert cleared his throat and collected his thoughts to continue their conversation. “Are you going to go to the Gray Courts and talk with the Queen?” 
“Do you know anyone else who could?” Darien asked, hoping for some alternative. 
Rupert shook his head “No, none of my wolves have been welcome there for a long time.” 
Darien could hear the regret in his voice. “Fay have long memories, but they’re not totally heartless,” he reassured the alpha. “I’m sure they’ll forgive both the wolves and the vampires for their petty differences. Eventually.” Darien sighed. He was afraid that getting the three groups together to work out their differences was going to take an act of several gods. Or one vampire with a really big stick.
“Well,” Rupert drew the conversation back to the topic, “let me know how it goes.” 
Darien agreed, and the two men stood up. Escorting his guest to the door, Darien opened it to let Rupert out. “I’ll call you when I know something.”
Vicky looked up from her computer as the two men stepped out of the office. 
“Have a good evening, Miss Westernly,” Rupert nodded to her. 
“And to you,” she answered as the man left.
“The muffins were a nice touch,” Darien said, complimenting Vicky’s thoughtfulness.
“They were actually Sue’s idea,” she admitted. “But, I’ll let her know they went over well.” 
Darien smiled and turned back to his office. Now that he had talked with Rupert, he needed to make arrangements to meet with the Queen of the Gray Courts. Visiting the fay was more taxing than any encounter with the vampires or werewolves. The fay were so formal about everything. He couldn’t just intimidate the Gray Courts when they pissed him off. 
Taking a deep breath, Darien pulled out a piece of parchment, so he could write a letter, requesting an audience with the Queen. 
***
“You should have seen her out there, bumping and grinding between the hottest pair of twins I have ever seen!” Beth laughed as she filled Maggie in on the events of Monday night. The music of the club thumped around them as the four college friends sat in their booth at Alchemy.
“That was the best night I have had in a long time.” Vanessa had the decency to blush at the memory.
Vicky held up her hand. “Stop right there. I don’t want to know about your threesome with the pirate boys.”
“But it was such a wonderful night,” Vanessa teased.
“Did they stay all night?” Vicky asked, curious to see if they were vampires or minions. 
Vanessa let out a forlorn sigh. “They left right after we were done,” she confessed. “They said something about needing to get food before they went to work. I offered to cook, but they just laughed at each other and declined.” 
Vicky tried to keep the smile off her face. 
Vanessa saw the smirk and glared a Vicky. “What about your two hotties?”
“What?” Vicky nearly choked on her drink.
“Yeah,” Beth piped in, “you had two of the hottest guys in the club with you when you left.” 
Vicky blushed under the eyes of her friends.
“The one with dark hair was her boss,” Vanessa smirked.
Beth gasped. “No way! I didn’t recognize him.” She shifted her attention back to Vicky. “What was he doing here?” 
The red on Vicky’s skin deepened. “I don’t know,” she lied. How was she supposed to tell her friends that he’d come out to tell the vampires she was safe to dance with?
“I bet he came out to see you,” Maggie teased.
“How did he know she was here?” Beth asked. 
“Maybe he’s got a tracking device in that bag,” Maggie answered, and the girls looked at the leather bag stuck in the corner. 
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Vicky huffed. “Of course he doesn’t. Why else would he need to call whenever he wanted something from it?” 
“Maybe he just doesn’t want you to know he’s tracking your movements,” Vanessa offered.
“Enough about my boss.” Vicky closed the subject. “How was your night, Beth?”
Beth looked puzzled. “It was pretty good until you left.” 
“What happened?” Vicky asked.
“Well, the people around me started asking strange questions about you and your relationship with ‘Master Darien’.” Beth flashed air quotes around Darien’s name.
“You know, I got the same thing,” Vanessa added. “There were a lot of people calling him ‘Master Darien’. I wonder if he’s into S&M…” 
Vicky rolled her eyes at the giggling girls. “What did they ask?” Vicky was interested in what the vampires wanted to know.
“Normal things, really: how old you were, how you knew Darien, how long you two had been together…” Vanessa answered.
“I got those too, but I also got some weird questions,” Beth added. “What your favorite color was, your favorite food, and one girl asked what your dress size was. I stopped answering questions when someone asked where you lived. “ 
Vicky’s eyes widened in surprise. 
Beth patted Vicky’s hand reassuringly. “I wouldn’t give my girl away like that.”
“Thank you, Beth.” Vicky was sure they would find out given half a chance. She made a mental note to watch her surroundings more carefully.
“What about the other hottie?” Maggie asked. “Who was he?”
“Yeah,” Beth sat up straighter. “Who was the guy with the long, blond hair?” 
Vicky blushed as she remembered her encounter with Elliot. “His name is Elliot, and he’s a friend of Mr. Ritter’s. He saved me from some creep on the dance floor,” she offered.
“Why do you get all the luck?” Vanessa whined. 
“Shut up.” Beth smacked Vanessa’s arm. “You had twins.” 
All the girls giggled into their drinks.
“Good evening, ladies.” The group looked up to the face of a very handsome man with long, blond hair.
“Elliot!” Vicky squeaked as she recognized the vampire whom they had just been talking about. “What are you doing here?” 
“I came to check out the nightlife.” Elliot grinned at the girls. 
Vicky quickly noticed that he was less fangy tonight. 
“It’s a pleasure to see you again, My Lady,” he bowed gracefully to Vicky, causing her friends to ooh and giggle. “I have a group of friends with me this evening, if you ladies would like to come join us.” 
Vicky thought about declining the offer. She was still leery about dealing with vampires.
“We would love to!” Vanessa piped in before Vicky could say anything. 
Elliot smiled. “They’re over here.” He held out his hand, pointing the way towards his waiting friends. 
Vicky sighed and picked up her bag and drink before following the eager girls. Elliot offered her his arm and she took it so as not to be rude. 
“I promise they’re safe.” He spoke just loud enough for Vicky to hear him. 
She gave him a shocked look. “Did Mr. Ritter send you?” She couldn’t keep all the suspicion out of her voice. 
Elliot laughed. “No, My Lady, we truly happen to be here by chance.” He smiled at her. “But I couldn’t pass up the opportunity to get to know you better.” 
Vicky sighed deeply as they walked. “From what Vanessa and Beth tell me, a lot of people want to know me better.” 
“That’s to be expected,” he replied, shrugging. “Master Darien hasn’t kept a human companion in a very long time.”
“But I’m not his companion, I’m his secretary,” she protested. 
Elliot chuckled at her. “That may have been how it started, but he has ‘taken you in’, so to speak, so you’re viewed by many as his companion” he explained. “There are lots of perks to being a master vampire’s companion. Especially one as powerful as Master Darien.” 
“Perks?” she questioned.
Elliot laughed. “As long as it’s okay with your master, you’ll never want for company.” 
She blushed at the suggestion in his words. 
“And, if you need it, a plethora of people will come to your aid.”
“So… help moving furniture?” she said, raising a teasing eyebrow. 
Elliot laughed again. 
She was starting to like that musical sound. 
“If that’s what you need, then yes,” he confirmed, and Vicky giggled. 
Their conversation ended when they arrived at the tables containing Elliot’s friends. Introductions were made, and the girls were soon out on the dance floor with eager partners. Vicky found a chair and deposited her bag into it. 
“Will this be safe here?” she looked around at how open the area was. At least in the booth, the bag was stuck in the back, where someone couldn’t see it easily. 
“It’ll be fine there,” Elliot assured her. “No one will bother that bag.” 
She gave him a puzzled look and tucked the strap up, so it wouldn’t catch on anything. 
“Would you like to dance?” 
He held out his hand, and Vicky allowed herself to be led to the dance floor, where her friends were already having a good time.
Vicky and her friends spent the rest of the night swapping partners with Elliot and his companions. As the night progressed, Vicky discovered that the group was made up of Elliot’s personal menagerie and a few of Rachael’s people. Elliot was the only vampire among them. When she asked why there weren’t more, he grinned and informed her it was due to the werewolves in the club. Vicky spent the rest of the night looking for anyone that might be a werewolf, with no success. 
***
“It’s starting to get late, and I need to be heading home,” Vicky informed Vanessa. 
Her friend sighed. “Always the responsible one,” Vanessa teased as she finished her drink.
“Some of us work for a living,” Vicky teased back.
“But tomorrow is Sunday,” Vanessa complained lightheartedly. “Is your boss making you work on Sunday?” 
Vicky giggled. “Today is Sunday,” she corrected, looking up at the clock showing one thirty. “And no, he’s not making me work. I’m just used to going to bed much earlier than this.” 
“Good, I was going to have to have words with your slave-driver if he was making you work.” Vanessa nodded. “He’s already asking too much by making you carry that bag everywhere.” 
Vicky giggled at Vanessa’s indignation. “I’ll see you later.” She hugged her best friend goodbye, and Beth and Maggie lined up for hugs, too. 
When Vicky gathered up her bag to go pay out her tab, Elliot appeared at her elbow and offered her an arm. She took it without thinking, and he turned her towards the door. Making a slightly distressed noise, she looked back at the bar and her unsettled bill. 
Elliot chuckled again, “It’s already been taken care of.” 
Vicky’s mouth worked in surprise. 
“Another perk.” Elliot explained.
“Did you?” she asked, and her escort shook his head smiling.
“Not by me,” he held the door open for Vicky to pass through. “Master Darien’s name holds a lot of weight in this town.” 
She looked at him, surprised. 
“How are you getting home?” Elliot changed the subject.
“Well, I was going to catch the bus,” Vicky pointed to the stop at the corner. 
“Then, let me walk with you.” Elliot led her down the street to the bus stop. “Do you always take public transportation?” 
“I find it’s easier than trying to keep a car in the city.” Vicky shrugged as she headed to the bench. “The buses are fairly reliable, and if I’ve had too much, I can always get a cab.” 
Elliot nodded his approval. 
“Should you really leave your group at Alchemy?” Vicky changed the subject.
“They can fend for themselves.” He smiled. “I’m worried about your safety right now.”
“I may not look it, but I can take care of myself,” Vicky sassed at the vampire. 
“I’m sure you can.” He smiled and turned his attention to the night as the amusement slipped from his face. “There is something strange on the air tonight.” He looked back at her and gave her a reassuring smile. “Besides, it would be improper to let a lady go home unescorted.” 
Vicky gave him a shy smile before looking back at the club in concern. “Will the girls be okay?” she worried out loud. 
Elliot followed her eyes back to the club. “They’ll be fine,” he promised. “I’ve made sure they’ll not go out alone, but it’s not them I’m concerned about.” 
Vicky thought about this for a while as Elliot turned his attention back to the night. They sat in an odd silence until the bus pulled up a few minutes later.
“Here we go,” Vicky said as she climbed onto the bus.
“That didn’t take long at all,” Elliot mused as he mounted the steps.
“Of course not,” she informed him. “I have all the schedules memorized, and I know when to leave, so that I don’t have to wait long at the stops.” Vicky smiled at him. 
“Smart girl.” Elliot took the seat next to her. He looked around at the brightly lit bus. “It’s been a long time since I’ve been on public transportation.” 
“Really?” 
“The buses don’t run after dark where I usually stay.” Elliot shrugged. 
They spent the rest of their trip talking about the differences in their cities. 
***
Vicky pushed the button, and the bus pulled up to the stop just down the street from her apartment. “This is my stop,” she told Elliot. “You may want to stay on the bus and take it back to the club. The next one doesn’t come by for another hour.” 
Elliot waved the suggestion away. “I would feel better seeing you safely home,” he informed her. 
Vicky shrugged and led her escort off the bus and down the street.
“You really don’t have to worry,” she reassured him. “I live in a quiet area. You can get some trouble a few blocks over, but not here.” Vicky kept her eyes open for anything out of the ordinary as they walked. She even looked down the alleyways between the buildings, in case something was hiding there. 
“You can never be too careful at night,” Elliot replied as he looked around. 
Vicky could feel the tension rolling off him. “This is me,” she pointed to the brick building she called home. “Did you want to come in?” 
Elliot shook his head, and Vicky could feel the tension drain away from him. “Just seeing you safely home is good enough.” He bowed to her. “Have a good night, My Lady.” 
“Thank you.” She smiled. “You have a good night, too.” 
Elliot watched Vicky walk up the steps and disappear into the doorway. He waited for a few moments on the sidewalk until the light in the first floor apartment came on before turning and starting back down the street. He was glad that she had made it home safely, but that nagging feeling wouldn’t go away. It had been a long time since one of his premonitions had been wrong. 
Elliot had only gone about half a block when an ear-shattering boom shook the night, and flames erupted from the building Vicky had just entered. He turned and ran back, cursing himself for not following the woman clear inside. 




Smiling, Vicky shook her head as she opened her apartment door. She was glad Elliot had walked her home. It had been a welcome change from having to make the trip on her own, and his company was very pleasant. She just wasn’t sure what he was expecting to happen. 
Flipping the light on, she stepped on something that hadn’t been on the floor before she’d left for the club. Bending down, she picked up an envelope and looked at it. Her full name was scrawled across the outside, so she flipped it over and broke the seal. The card inside had the most beautiful picture of fall trees on it. Their fiery red and orange leaves glowed brightly in the afternoon sun. Vicky kicked off her shoes and took the card over to the lamp, so she could read what was written inside:
“For the good times we shared.” 
She read the words three times, trying to determine what they meant. There was no signature. Since there was nothing else in the card, Vicky shook the envelope and found something shifting inside. Puffing out the sides, she looked in to see a round disk. It wasn’t thick enough to be a penny, but it was about the same size. 
She dumped the brass coin out into her hand and hissed in pain when it hit her skin. She quickly dropped the hot object to the floor and turned her hand up to look at the burn. The disk hit the floor with a great explosion that threw Vicky back into the wall between the kitchen and bedroom doors. Spots filled her vision as she tried to hang on to consciousness. A sultry laugh filled the air as she was pulled away into senselessness.
***
Heavy smoke choked Vicky as she shook the darkness from her mind. Coughing, she opened her eyes to find her entire living room engulfed in a raging inferno. She could hear banging and yelling from her front door, but there was no way she was going to get through the fire to open it. Vicky looked around the room for another way out, but flames blocked her path to the living room windows. Turning to get away from the heat, she found that her bedroom wasn’t burning as hotly. Scooting towards the doorway, she tried to clear the pain from her head. She needed to think of a way out. 
Vicky hissed as the flames licked at her leg and caught on the silk of her stockings. Batting at the fire, she crawled into the cooler area of the bedroom. The flames leapt after her as if they were alive, and she moved faster to get away from them. She smelled when the fire caught in her hair and beat at it, frantically, to get it out. When the flames were reduced to embers, Vicky stood up and rushed through the smoky air to the window that offered her escape. Releasing the lock, she pulled hard on the sash, but it wouldn’t budge.
Fire bloomed on the curtains around her, and Vicky banged on the glass with all her might, trying to get the thin panes to break. She screamed in pain and frustration as blisters formed on the bare skin on her arm. Bending over slightly, she grabbed her chest as she coughed the smoke from her lungs. 
Her hand landed on the strap of the messenger bag, still draped over her shoulder. Grabbing up the stout bag, she slammed it into the glass, repeatedly. On the fourth hit, the glass shattered with a loud pop and a strange hiss. The fire around Vicky subsided slightly, and she crawled out of the hole, cutting herself on the jagged shards of glass. The bag strap snagged on the broken framework and snapped as she tumbled to the fire escape in tears of pain and relief. Grabbing up the bag, she fell the five feet from the metal scaffolding onto the cool concrete of the alleyway.
The cry of her name and the pounding of feet met her ears. Vicky opened her eyes to see Elliot’s blanched face looking down at her. Coughing harshly, she passed out under the vampire’s gentle hands and the song of sirens in the distance.
***
Elliot dropped to his knees over Vicky’s crumpled form. She was a mess. Blood and soot stained the parts of her that weren’t burned. Pressing his hand to her chest, he prayed for a heartbeat. It was there, but not very strong. He rolled her up in his arms, considering his options. He could ensure that she survived by turning her, but he would have to do so and get out of there before the emergency crews got any closer. Then the question came to mind. Would Darien forgive him for turning her?
Closing his eyes, Elliot released his hold on his gifts. He really didn’t like reading someone’s life, but he had a feeling that this woman would be worth it. As his power washed over her, he searched for an answer. His mind brushed up against something that made him shiver, and he opened his eyes to look at her slackened face. Her future was riddled with branches that made the path unclear—choices that could change her life forever. There was only one thing he was sure about. 
She would play a pivotal role in the life of one very old vampire. 




First off, I have to thank my sister. When Amanda deployed aboard the USS George H. W. Bush (CVN 77), she was cut off from the fanfictions she loved. She begged us to send her reading material. Since I wasn’t interested in some of the mash ups she requested I decided to write her a whole new story. And she wanted vampires.
I would like to thank all of the many people that went into making this book. My mother, for the many hours on the phone bouncing around ideas and nursing plot bunnies. Laura, for beta reading, proofreading the original 180k word manuscript, and general encouragement. My father, for actually making it through the book and enjoying it. Krys, for putting up with the hours I spent playing on my computer as I worked through that first rough draft. 
I have really appreciated the encouragement of those around me. Jackie and the employees at HobbyTownUSA, the guys at FRC, my family, my friends, and anyone else that had to listen to me ramble on for hours about the fictional characters gallivanting through my head. 
I’d like to thank Melanie and the girls at Clean Teen/Crimson Tree Publishing; Rebecca, Courtney, Dyan, and Marya. Thank you for taking a chance on an author with no experience and a manuscript that was way too long.
And finally, I’d like to thank the soldiers and sailors of the United States armed forces. You go out and give up so much so people like me can muck about safe at home. Thank you for your service. I pray you make it home safely.




Originally from Ohio, Julie always dreamed of a job in science. Either shooting for the stars or delving into the mysteries of volcanoes. But, life never leads where you expect. In 2007, she moved to Mississippi to be with her significant other. 
Now a mother of a hyperactive red headed boy, what time she’s not chasing down dirty socks and unsticking toys from the ceiling is spent crafting worlds readers can get lost it. Julie is a self-proclaimed bibliophile and lover of big words. She likes hiking, frogs, interesting earrings, and a plethora of other fun things. 




Melissa Cunningham


Clean Teen Publishing

Dedicated to my dear friend, Lisa.
Where ever you are,
 may you find the peace and happiness
that always seemed to allude you.



For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at www.cleanteenpublishing.com.



PROLOGUE
~Alisa~
I should have realized that suicide was not my best option. But, like most teenage girls, I hadn't planned ahead. I never pictured my parents and brothers picking up the pieces of my broken life, or the empty hole I would leave in my wake. 
I honestly didn't think anyone cared that much. 
The medication I'd been taking hadn't helped matters either. My doctor prescribed it after the death of my beloved grandmother, who'd lived with us since I was a baby. Three months later, my best friend, Natasha, died from a brain tumor. Nothing could have shattered me more. Not just because Natty and I were closer than Siamese twins, but also because we shared a dark, horrifying secret. 
Something I'd never told anyone. 
Not even my parents. 
Once she was gone, I didn't know how to shoulder that weight on my own. I was drowning in sorrow. I'd fallen into a dark pit and I had every right to take that antidepressant. My parents thought it would help as well.
 I should have been more open about my feelings. I should have confided in my mom and dad and explained that the medication wasn't working. That in reality, I felt worse. But I didn't. I didn't realize the drug was affecting me adversely... until it was too late.
The only thing I wanted that night was to not feel anymore, to not have my heart ripping in two, and to not cry so hard that my whole body ached. 
Would it be painful if I rammed my car into the tall pine at the curve of the road? Would it do the trick or just turn me into a vegetable for the rest of my life? 
I gambled. 
I took a chance and got what I wanted. 
Death.

CHAPTER ONE
~Paradise Lost~
Alisa

The headlights of my car shine brightly into the woods, pulsing with an eerie glow with each swipe of the windshield wipers. Deep shadows stretch past the foliage, the seat-belt sensor dings in the solemn silence. 
I'm alone, staring at my motionless body as blood drains from a large gash on my forehead. The crimson rivulets drip down to my shirt, spreading like blossoming roses. For a moment, remorse tugs at my heart. I shouldn't have done it. I shouldn't have given up yet. 
But things will be better now. I'm sure of it. No more nightmares, no more panic attacks, no more medications. And, definitely no more curious glances from friends, neighbors, or even my own family. 
They all gossiped behind my back, and no one had truly cared. At least that I noticed. My family loved me, sure, but I'd been a drain on them, exhausting in my need for constant reassurance. The last conversation I had with my older brother had ended in a fight, and even my parents were fed up. 
Just this morning my mother had lost her temper and yelled at me, saying she was tired of my self-pity, tired of my complaining, tired of my crying, and if I didn't clean up my act, they'd resort to more serious measures. I'm not sure what those measures would be, but it didn't sound good.
So, here I am, freeing my family of the endless annoyance of me. They'll be sad at first sure, but they'll get over it. 
People always do.
I look around, wondering why no one is here to meet me. All my life I've heard that loved-ones will appear and take my hand to guide me through the pearly gates of heaven. 
So far, death is a disappointment. 
Maybe my atheistic theory is true—that there is no God, no heaven, no angels, no afterlife, and I am just experiencing a lack of oxygen, my brain creating fanciful scenes of a heavenly occurrence. 
When a strong tug pulls at my chest, I grow anxious. The world around me dims and I move forward, feeling drawn toward a strange pinpoint of light. It draws me as though a string is attached to my body, like a doomed fish being reeled in. 
At first I resist, afraid, but curiosity wins out, and I move with it.
Then recognition dawns. The light. The pull. This is it! There really is a heaven and I am going there. It's all true! Relief floods through me in a wave of happiness. Deep down, I hadn't wanted to completely disappear. I'd wanted the pain to end, yeah, but I also wanted—no, needed—to know that death wasn't final, that my Gram and my best friend, Natty, live on. That their radiant lives weren't snuffed out completely. 
Any minute now, the heaviness in my heart would dissipate and I'd be free, dancing through daffodils on heaven's hillside. I'll be in the arms of my best friend and grandmother. I'll be assigned my own silver-lined cloud.
Any minute now...
I follow the light, but after floating for what seems like forever, I realize that the rush of bliss—that blanket of warmth I've read about, still hasn't come, and I don't feel any different than I did before I crashed my car. I still carry my grievous burdens. I still ache over the death of my friend and the loss of my grandmother. The memories breathe inside me, alive and tormenting. 
With one last glance over my shoulder, I gaze at my surroundings. The woods and broken car are far behind me like a distant dream. 
I step forward, leaving behind the world I long to forget. Before me is a beautiful meadow of wildflowers. Many of the blossoms are varieties I've never seen before—the colors, vivid and bright, and some, blindingly white. Reveling in the glorious scent of their fragrance, I forget for a moment why I am even here.
On the other side of the meadow lies a wide, glittering bridge embedded with diamonds, complete with silver handrails. I move through the swaying flowers, running my fingers along the tops of their velvety petals. 
Wonder fills me. 
This world is so big, so bright, and so beautiful. Hope blossoms like a helium-filled balloon, lifting my weary soul. My life will be wonderful now. I can release the heartache of my old existence. I won't have to think of the misery Natty and I endured for so many years. 
A lazy smile spreads across my face. I am free.
Other people head in the same direction and some pass by me, their eyes glowing with happiness, their hands reaching out to the souls who wait on the other side. I don't see anyone familiar yet, but surely, they are there. 
I hurry to join the throng, but as soon as I place my foot on the bridge's glittering surface, an unseen force repels me backward and I lose my balance and land on my bottom. Sparkling dust poofs up around me.
A few people glance my way, but no one stops. Embarrassed, and not wanting to attract attention, I try again. But like the wrong side of a magnet, my foot won't move over the edge of the bridge. In my confusion, I try again and again, barely controlling my urge to swear. 
Something here is really messed up. 
I stop to watch the others successfully cross. They make it look easy as they enter a beautiful city on the other side. A city of brilliant light, filled with golden buildings. Cathedrals and towers sparkle in the distance. I yearn to go there more than anything. I have to go there. I killed myself to go there!
But I can't cross. 
I'm supposed to rest for eternity on pink clouds and fly on golden wings without a care. What is with the stupid barricade? Why are others crossing without a problem? Why am I blocked? It doesn't make sense. 
That's when I see her. She exits the city's gates in a flowing white dress that swishes about her bare ankles. A smile stretches across her familiar, loving face. 
“Gram!” I forget the bridge, forget my frustration, and forget my inability to cross. I barrel forward, eager to throw my arms around my grandmother, who championed me my whole life, who loved me in spite of everything. 
As soon as I step forward, I ricochet back, falling gracelessly to the ground in front of everyone. 
Again.
Shame fills me. Something is wrong, and I am sure everyone but me knows what it is. I'm not wanted here. A tight fist closes around my heart, and the hot sting of tears burns the back of my eyes, but I pull myself up, keeping my head high, not meeting anyone's gaze. 
Not even Gram's. 
She crosses the bridge and envelopes me in her arms, kissing my head, smoothing my hair and gazing into my eyes. “My sweet Alisa,” she says, without even moving her lips. 
I stare at her closed mouth, and then raise my eyes to meet hers. Thoughts flow into my mind like a river. Gram speaks in a tone of love and acceptance, but it's all inside my head. 
I'm so happy to see you, but you shouldn't be here!”
And then it hits me. I'm a mind reader! I have magical powers!
This is awesome! 
I bask in the warmth of Gram's affection, feeling loved and safe for the first time since I left my body. She knows me. She understands me. She'll get me into that glimmering city, come hell or high water. 
But instead of taking my hand and leading me across the bridge, she pulls me in the other direction.
 

CHAPTER TWO
~My Mansion on High~
Alisa

Just to be clear, the other direction isn't hell—thank heavens—not that I know where hell is, but I am relieved anyway. I certainly don't think I deserve to go there. 
With a blink of Gram's eyes, she takes me to a place she calls Idir Shaol, which she says means “between worlds” or something like that. It's a hamlet compared to the teeming city across the bridge, but at least it doesn't have leaping flames and groaning souls reaching from its wailing depths. 
“This will be your home for a while,” she says, gazing lovingly into my eyes. “Remember how much I love you. I'm rooting for you, dear. Now go and show everyone how strong you really are.” She shoves me forward. 
I turn to face her and then look over my shoulder at the quiet village behind me. “Aren't you coming?”
She shakes her head slowly, her eyes saying goodbye. 
An awful tingle spreads through me. She won't really leave me here... in this between worlds place, trapped and alone. I don't know anyone, and I don't want to be alone. 
“Come now, Alisa. It'll only be for a while,” she says. “You'll learn things that will help you, and before you know it, we'll be together again.” She smiles as her words enter my mind.
I argue automatically. I was a fantastic debater before I died, and I loved a good fight, perfecting the art with my parents. I have a feeling if I don't argue my case just right, Gram will really leave. 
I think carefully. “Umm, that does sound great, and I totally want to do that later, but I feel like we should stick together. At least for now. I'm here to rest and be happy. Not to... learn things.” I give her a wide grin, knowing she won't be able to resist my dimples. But watching her face and waiting for a reaction makes the light go out in mine. 
My words—and I can tell they have affected her—have not changed her mind. 
“Alisa, that's not how it works.” She shakes her head and cups my cheeks between her palms. The familiar fragrance of apple pie wafts up around me. 
I search her eyes, because I know that look—her look of... disappointment? In me? 
“Don't worry. I'll be back,” she says. “Learn as much from your time here as you can. You're in for a wonderful experience. I promise.” With a kiss, she leaves me standing inside a set of high, wooden double doors, like doors to a fort, staring at the empty space where she'd been standing. 
A man wearing a deep green robe approaches, looking right at me. I turn my back, hoping he'll pass by. I don't want to talk to anyone. Not when my heart is so heavy. He nears, and a strange power emanates from him, with a brightness I've never seen before. I look away, and it's not long before I feel him right behind me, like a sure knowledge of a monster under the bed. The warmth of his presence presses against me, and I swirl around to find myself face to face with a perfectly chiseled face. 
Long, dark hair falls around his shoulders and his smile radiates a light that takes my breath away. This guy is gorgeous. A glow pulsates around him as though a piece of sun rests beneath his skin. Even his eyes shine with emerald brilliance. His lips turn up into an amused smile and I stare, unable to form any coherent thoughts.
 He sticks his hand out. “Welcome to Idir Shoal! I'm Raphael.” He says this out loud, his deep, rumbly voice reminding me somehow of Rocky Road ice cream. Rich and chocolatey. 
I shake my head, trying to clear the fog, and take his offered hand. I gasp and pull back in surprise. “You have a body!” I peer more closely wondering why he got to keep his. 
“Good gracious! You're right!” he exclaims, patting himself down. “How did that happen?”
I feel a moment of panic before his teasing sinks in, and I give him a wry smile, wagging my finger at him. “Good one. You must say that to all the dearly departed.”
“Nope.” A wide smile spreads across his tan face. “You're the first.”
I could like this guy. Cute, funny, and nice. But way too old for me. “So are you in charge around here?” I glance about, wondering if this is a corner of hell. It's not bright like that city, but there isn't any weeping, wailing, or gnashing of teeth. Maybe hell is a quiet place that slowly drives you insane with the need for sound. Any sound. My illusions of what death is have been flushed down the toilet.
“Come, I'll explain as we walk,” he says, draping my arm through his. I can feel the heat of his skin through my robe and the flexing of his forearm when he moves his hand to gesture. He pats my arm as though I am just as corporeal as he is. 
We move over the stone path at a slow pace, and I feel the cool, flat stones beneath my feet. I soak in the vivid colors and try to remember everything Raphael says to me, but there is too much. Too much color, too much to focus on, too much stimulation. Nothing sticks in my mind, and I'm too embarrassed to ask him to explain it all twice. His speech is water poured through a sieve. 
He continues as though he doesn't notice. “You will live in a cottage with three other souls who also took their lives. You'll attend classes to learn your new role, and then we'll take it from there. How does that sound?”
“Wait. Classes?” I'm able to focus on that word without difficulty. “Like school?” With a sinking heart, I search his face. I'd hoped to dwell for eternity with loved ones, not strangers in this unfamiliar place. Doesn't he realize I have no loved ones in Idir Shaol? And the idea of living with other suicide victims is not what I had in mind when I ended it all. “Is there an option C?” 
His warm chuckle resonates like the soft strum of a bass guitar, and he pats my hand. “Nope. No option C. Sorry.” 
Raphael leads me to a bungalow with rounded walls, a thatched roof, wooden shutters, and a red front door. Very Hansel and Gretel. I wouldn't be at all surprised to find a witch inside, stirring a pot of poisonous stew. 
“These are your quarters.” He pushes the door open. “We try to make things as homey as your home on earth.” He hands me a box with miscellaneous items inside. “Everything you need is in here. Take time to familiarize yourself with Idir Shaol. You can explore anywhere you want. My office is located down that path. It's in a large, white, marble building in the middle of town. You can't miss it. I'd like to talk with you again as soon as you're settled.” 
“Okay.” 
He squeezes my arm and then leaves me standing in front of my mansion on high. There are four beds—one on each wall, like in a dorm room. Three of the beds are obviously taken, as they've been made up with quilts of varying color, and personal items have been placed on small tables next to each one.
Why are there beds? Do we need beds? Do we sleep? I am exhausted and could use a good nap.
Placing my box on what I figure is my bed, I search the quiet emptiness. This is my life now—this place, these people. I fall to the mattress, completely disillusioned and wanting to cry. The ache is still there. 
 I've ruined my life—completely ruined it. 
Things were supposed be better after I died. 
How could I have been so stupid?

CHAPTER THREE
~Drifting Alone~
Brecken

The days lengthen as spring approaches, and the darkness of winter fills Brecken's heart. Nothing feels right in his life. He's just a performer acting out a part, and the performance never ends. He drifts through a timeless space.
Since the drawn-out illness and death of his mother, his dad has been distant. No. More than distant—nonexistent. He's never home. He's always taking out-of-town jobs. Not that Brecken minds that much. He and his dad have never seen eye-to-eye. Their moments together are a series of arguments that Brecken always loses. With his dad gone, he has total freedom, but also total responsibility for his two little sisters, and that responsibility weighs heavy. Bills need to be paid if they want to stay in this stupid little house, and groceries have to be bought. 
Brecken doesn't have a job, and he knows his only way out is to stay in school. In the afternoon, he helps his sisters with homework, makes dinner, and does the laundry. 
It isn't an ideal situation. The constant complaining of his sisters weighs him down. They don't want him to replace their dad, let alone their mother. They don't want to be told to clean their rooms, help with chores, or anything else by their dumb older brother. 
He doesn't blame them. 
There are many nights he lies awake in bed wishing he could talk to his mom, that her ghost would appear and comfort him. She never does though. Nothing is more acutely disappointing.
His grades are dropping and he has gotten in a few fights at school—nothing he started, but he's not about to stand by and take crap about his nonexistent parents and the fact that he doesn't buy his clothes from Nordstrom.
The only light on the horizon is Jill, who is beautiful, kind, and wonderful. Always there like a balm of happiness, ready to cheer him up at the end of each dark day. She is the miracle he needed, and he plans to hang onto her as long as he can.

CHAPTER FOUR
~Roommates~
Alisa

I have no idea how long I lie on my new, unfamiliar bed—which is made with a quilt that looks exactly like the one on my bed at home. I miss the tick-tock of my clock, the pictures on my walls, my closet full of clothes. And let's not forget the ability to judge the passing of time. 
No shadows move across the walls here, nor does anyone call me for dinner. When is it time to go to bed? When are the classes I'm supposed to attend? How do the people here stand it? How will I? In that moment I know I'll go crazy if I stay, and I wish more than anything to turn back time. 
Within a few moments, my new roommates show up, barreling through the door. The front-runner is laughing, and when they see me, they freeze, stiff smiles appearing on their surprised faces. It's easy to see they have already become friends and that I'll be the odd one out. 
My death is turning out to be as wonderful as my life. What a nice surprise.
“Hi!” the laughing, boisterous redhead exclaims when she sees me. She plops down beside me on my bed and gives me a one-armed hug. “It's great to meet you! I'm Shana.” She takes my hand and pumps my arm up and down with a firm grip. 
“Hi.” I pull away slightly. She smells like buttered toast. Weird. Gram smelled like apple pie. I wonder what I smell like, if anything.
“That’s Cinder,” she says, pointing to the sullen girl whose long, black hair hangs over one eye. Cinder doesn't brush it back or even tuck it behind her ears, but carries her aura of sorrow like a heavy shroud. I feel depressed just looking at her. She may have brown eyes, but I can't tell. She walks slowly to her bed and sits, keeping her chin tucked to her chest. 
The third girl, who is at least six feet tall with the shoulders of a linebacker and thick flexing hands, towers over the rest of us. She glares, animosity radiating from her in palpable, threatening waves.
I have to live with these people? Okay, I can deal with Shana, Miss Happy Cheerleader, but I don't do well with roughnecks like Miss Muscle, or goths, like Cinder. They are the kind of people I usually avoid.
“That's Deedre.” Shana points to the giant who lies on her bed with her hands intertwined behind her head. “She's... not as bad as she seems. She just needs a smoke.”
“You can do that here?” 
Shana leans closer slowly shaking her head. “That's why she's so ornery. Just stay out of her way.”
I stare at Deedre's spiky blonde hair and muscular body. Staying out of her way won't be a problem. I have no desire to get close.
Deedre's head whips around and she stares at me hard, her dark eyes cold, hateful. A river of hostile thoughts plows into my mind, and pictures of Deedre's hands around my neck, her yellow teeth gritted above my face, will be forever imprinted on my mind. She shakes her head slowly, never taking her eyes from mine. 
I shuffle back on my bed in surprise, my hands automatically raised over my face to protect myself from the mental onslaught. I feel pummeled and, to some degree, violated, which somehow leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Deedre laughs and the attack stops. 
I look up to see Cinder and Shana staring. Deedre snickers, a make-believe cigarette held between her fingers. She brings her hand to her mouth and takes an imaginary puff, then blows the pretend smoke toward me. “Dweeb.”
“Be careful who and what you think about,” Shana whispers, leaning in. “If you think about someone, they'll know. Good thoughts or bad.”
Great. A shiver runs over my shoulders, and I straighten out on my bed. I don't even know Deedre, but her thoughts—which run along the lines of murder—totally freak me out. 
This is not going to work. I cannot live here.
“How 'bout a tour?” Shana says, interrupting my thoughts. “I'll show you around.” Her peppiness and undisguised gaiety rouses me from my paralyzed state, and I let her lead me out into the bright light of day. Or what looks like day. I feel lighter and happier instantly. 
Shana takes me through town, points out the sites, and even shows me the library. I had no idea they'd have libraries in... wherever I am, but I'm not going to complain. The library is one place I'll happily explore. Getting lost in a good book sounds like heaven. And if I can't live in heaven, I'll live in la la land instead.
***
After my brief tour, Shana and I stand in front of the white, marble building where Rafael's office is located. “I have to go inside,” I say, remembering he wants to speak with me.
“Oh, right. See you later then.” She leaves reluctantly and doesn't seem happy to go back to the cottage alone. I feel sorry for her. I wouldn't want to be alone with Cinder and Deedre either. 
With a sigh, I take a moment to prepare myself for the coming interview. What will Raphael want to talk about? Will he ask about my suicide? Will I have to explain? Can I request new roommates? That thought is enough to propel me through the double doors in search of his office.
He is all smiles once I enter, and he gestures to a chair across from his black desk, then moves to the other side and sits down. “How do you like your new place?” he asks. I have a feeling he already knows.
“Uh, about that.”
“I know, I know,” he says, raising his hand to stop me. “The beds are the most confusing. Why beds instead of tables and chairs? We get that a lot.”
“Um, it's not the beds. The beds are fine.”
“Oh. Good. Did you find the quilt inside the box I gave you?” A bright light radiates in his eyes and his lip twitches. 
“Yeah. I got it. Thanks.”
Leaning forward and clasps his hands on his desk. “Did you notice anything special about it?”
I scowl, picturing the quilt in my mind. “It's like the one I have at home?” I couldn't care less about the stupid quilt, or The Spirit's Guide to Immortality book that was also in the box. If it had been my real quilt, that would have been something. But it's not. It's only a look-alike. A cheap copy.
“Yes!” he says, excited. “We do that on purpose, you know. To help you feel more at home here.”
It doesn't work. I don't feel at home. I feel lost, hovered over, and frustrated. Everything is different and weird, and a quilt doesn't matter in the grand scheme of things. “Actually, it's my roommates I want to talk about.”
“Oh?” He leans back.
“Well, I wondered if I could get different ones. Shana is okay, but I really don't think I should hang out with Cinder or Deedre.”
“Really?” 
“Deedre wants to kill me. That kind of bothers me even though I'm pretty sure she can't do it.”
Raphael sputters and coughs. I smile, because this is such a ridiculous conversation. I'm sitting in an office asking for new roommates, when I should be flying free through clouds of snowy white. Where is my harp? My golden wings? 
With an exasperated sigh, I lean forward. “Listen. I'm not sure what I'm doing here, but I'd really like to get on with the rest of my life.”
After regaining his composure, he becomes serious again and leans forward until our faces are only inches apart. “This is the rest of your life.”
***
Needless to say, I feel completely disillusioned. All my dreams of rest and happiness have slipped through my fingers. Not only that, but the aching hurt of missing Natty and Gram is now replaced with missing everybody. 
And now I have to go to school? My first session in class is one to be remembered though. The classroom is an expansive area with high windows. Bright light shines through the crystal clear glass, and I can smell that strange, musky aroma I associate with high school. Like old paint and worn carpet. It's funny how smells affect me here and bring back memories... good and bad.
The only thing to do is go along with their silly routine, to attend the classes—which let me just say—make me miserable. I hated school—well, at the end anyway—and now I have to endure it after death too? Sitting at a desk, listening to angelic teachers ramble on about things I'm not interested in, and living with depressing people, makes me think this isn't really Idir Shaol after all. 
Make no mistake. It is hell. 
Shana, who is with me on that first day of class, wants me to sit on the front row. Everyone stares as I step through the door, like I have a big, red “A” glued to my chest. They watch me with accusatory glances even though they're here for the same reasons I am. I sweep the room with a cursory glare, then turn and face the front. There are about twenty people in the class, and we all look pretty much the same age. 
Our teacher stands before us, her golden hair falling over her slender shoulders in waves. The light around her is bright, and I find myself studying her pink robes. I was never a pink girl myself, but the hue, one I've never seen before, takes my breath away. Her small feet are bare, and her hands fly through the air as she speaks. 
“Welcome to Idir Shaol, class. I will be your instructor during your brief time here,” she says in a lilting voice.
Brief? My time will be brief? Am I going somewhere else? Oh, I hope so. Thoughts of escape swirl through my mind until I realize I'm not paying attention, and the teacher has stopped talking. She looks directly at me, her gaze intrusive, piercing right through me. She can see inside me, I just know it—to my whole life, to my inadequacies. Right then and there, I don't like her, and I don't think she likes me either—even though I didn't do a thing to earn her disapproval. 
Her eyes narrow and she frowns, and after a second she turns back toward the rest of the group. “I am Anaita. I will be your instructor for this course. This class may be the only one you need, as some of you will move on more quickly than others. As most of you know, Idir Shaol is a waiting place for those who need to redeem themselves in some way. A place for those who were too ignorant, stupid, or selfish to change during their mortal lifetime. Most of you took your own life. The reason you're here and not already in Soul Prison is because someone up here thinks you deserve a second chance.”
Her angelic appearance does not match her accusatory tone, and I wonder if everyone gets that same feeling. 
She glances in my direction, her pretty pink lips pursed, her creamy skin resembling Raphael's. I'm willing to bet hers is a body of flesh and bone. 
How do they get those?

CHAPTER FIVE
~The Funeral~
Alisa

At the start of my second day—at least I think it's my second day, because there are no clocks here—I receive my first assignment. It begins the next stage of my progression, but it includes doing something so terrible, so heinous, that I debate running away. I have no idea where to go, but there has to be somewhere to hide. It's not like I'm in Soul Prison... yet. 
Up until the moment I see my grandmother at the entrance of Idir Shaol, waiting to guide me on this exciting adventure, I had decided to rebel. I don't need to move on, I don't need roommates and school, and I certainly don't need difficult assignments I can't pass. 
“Hello, my sweet Alisa,” Gram says, cupping my face. “Are you ready?” 
“No.”
Chuckling, she draws me close, and I smell the tangy scent of apple pie on her robes again. The taste of her pies coats my soul's tongue with longing for one bite of apple sweetness.
“I'll be with you every step of the way,” she says. “Everyone who takes their life has to do this. It's a requirement. Committing suicide is serious business, and can't be taken lightly. It affects everything and everyone around you. Forever.”
I know she's right, but dread fills me. Gram takes my hand and with a wink, we disappear from Idir Shaol—the waiting place of wounded souls.
***
An organ plays the familiar hymns I grew up with, and the unmistakable doors of my neighborhood chapel rise up before me. 
I squeeze Gram's hand for support. With vast reluctance, I step through the entrance and feel the cool breeze of air-conditioning waft past me. Over a hundred people fill the benches, sniffling and dressed in black. Familiar faces sit in row after row of the little chapel, and the high windows allow rays of light to filter through onto the tear-streaked faces before me.
“Should we sit down?” I ask Gram in a terrified whisper. 
The aroma of flowers fills the air. I can smell them but not in the same way I could smell the blossoms up in heaven. My senses here feel muted and slightly dulled. But for the most part, I can smell everything, hear everything, and feel everything. 
I hate it.
“We can sit if you want to,” Gram answers with a pat on my hand.
I take a seat at the end of a pew just as the doors at the back open. Everyone stands. Gram takes hold of my arm and pulls me up too. For a spirit, she's pretty strong.
Three guys from my school, my two brothers, and two of my cousins enter slowly, carrying a gleaming mahogany casket. Clutching my throat, I freeze as it rolls by. I can’t stand seeing the tears that drip down my brothers' faces, staining their clean, white dress shirts, their red, swollen eyes and their white knuckles as they clutch my coffin. I try to turn away, but some unseen power forces me to watch.
The casket comes to rest before the pulpit. My family sits on the second row. Friends and relatives fill up the rest. I can't believe how many people have come; people who I didn't think even knew I was alive or cared that I had been. 
Everyone carries an aching heart, and I feel it, heavy, like iron, weighing down my soul in despair. Their pain rips through me like a rusted, jagged saw, opening fresh wounds, slicing, slicing, slicing. I feel rent in two, and pulled into the depths of unexplainable misery. 
I turn to Gram. 
She puts her arm around my shoulders, and holds me. “I know, honey. I know. Let it out. Let it all go.”
I tremble in her arms as she leads me to the second row where my family waits. 
“Sit down, dear.” 
I lower myself into the space at the end of the bench.
“All these people,” Gram motions over the crowd, “are here for you and your family.” I see kids I knew from school, and I stare, shocked. Why are they here? They never cared about me when I was alive. I can't even count the times I walked down the hall at school feeling totally alone, no one talking to me. Maybe they just wanted to see a dead body roll by. 
But their mournful feelings of despair wrap around me like a suffocating blanket, telling me otherwise. I can't even begin to understand their feelings. All this time, I thought I'd had no one. 
Then, as if a dam has broken, memories of these very people come rushing to mind. A soft pat on the shoulder, a smile of sympathy. They had been there trying to befriend me. I just hadn't seen it, hadn't wanted to see it.
My mother's head bows as she presses a hanky to her eyes. She wears a beautiful black dress I've never seen before, and her makeup doesn't hide the paleness of her skin or her sleepy, red-rimmed eyes. My dad sits next to her, his face stoic, his eyes swollen too. My brothers, who are usually laughing or teasing each other, are silent, staring straight ahead.
I was sixteen years old, and now I'm dead. This isn't a dream. My brain isn't making this up. I'm really here, watching my family mourn over my wasted life.
 A hard wrenching grips my stomach, and I feel sick, like I'm going to throw up, but I can't. I'll never be able to rid myself of the corrosion churning inside me. Emotion wells hot, black, and poisonous, fighting for a way out. I realize with horror how selfish I've been, thinking only of my pain. 
Oh, how I want to turn back time—to go back to that moment in the car. I should have stuck it out longer. I might have been happy again, living the rest of my life, getting married, having kids. Now I'll never get the chance.
Wracked with guilt, I cover my face, hiding from the terrible emotions that overwhelm me. I don’t even try to be quiet as I sob. My shoulders shake as an agonized moan tears from my mouth. “I need to go.” My voice is raspy with desperation.
“It's not over yet,” Gram answers, staring straight ahead. Her mouth is in a tight, thin line, like a cruel taskmaster, and she makes me stay to witness the agony I've caused.
I groan again, glancing over to my mother. I can’t do this. I can't watch the people I love hurt so terribly. 
Gram smiles sadly. “I'm so sorry.”
The minister stands, and the music stops. “My dear friends. I welcome you to the funeral services of Alisa Kristine Callahan.” 
He goes on to tell stories about my life. Stories from my early childhood to my preteens. I'd quit going to church when I was thirteen, and I'm surprised he has any memories of me at all. I decided at a young age that since God didn't seem interested in me, I wasn't interested in Him. My mother tried bribery to get me to go, but she quickly gave up. She wasn't about to embarrass herself by dragging a screaming teenager through these sacred double doors, and I wasn't about to get dressed up for religion. 
The minister continues. “I remember when Alisa was about ten years old. She came running in one Sunday morning and ran straight into my arms, begging me to perform a marriage ceremony between her and Stephen Keiths right away. She'd fallen in love and didn't want to lose him to anyone else. Poor Stephen didn't even know he was engaged.”
Stifled chuckles erupt from the audience, along with strangled sobs. 
I remember that conversation. I also remember Stephen with his hazel eyes, his lovely smile, and sandy blond curls. Is he here now? Oh, I hope not. I turn in my seat and search for his face, finding him eight rows back. He's seventeen now and on the football team. He sings in the school choir, and is still as beautiful as ever. My chance with him is gone.
When the minister finishes, my aunt Karen stands and gives the eulogy. I haven't seen her in a long time, but I'm glad she's here today. She keeps her speech short and tells about my birth, about me growing up, and how much she loved me. She talks about my talent in music and how sad I'd been when my friend Natty died of cancer.
My mother sobs, and her shoulders quake as she hides her face behind her hanky. 
I move over to kneel at her feet, gazing into her tired blue eyes. “Mom, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.” I rest my cheek against her thin, cool fingers, and breathe in the smell of her. So familiar, so soft. Like lilacs.
She can’t hear me, but she lifts her head. Tears swim in her eyes, along with a look of surprise. She glances toward my dad, then back at her hands, and smiles through her tears.
“I love you, Mom,” I say fervently. “I'll fix this. I swear I will. Please don't be sad.” I place a kiss on her tear-streaked cheek. Her blue eyes sparkle, and I know that somehow she knows I'm here. I move over to my dad and do the same thing, getting a similar reaction. Then I kneel before my brothers. 
I take Tyler's hand first. He's the youngest. Only twelve. Tears stream freely down his cheeks, and he doesn't bother to wipe them away. He's combed his dark hair neatly to the side, and his tie is remarkably straight. I wonder who helped him. That was always my job.
“Tyler, I love you,” I whisper. “Don't be sad.” I stroke his cheek, and memorize his face, the color of his eyes, the cowlick in his bangs. “I'm gonna miss you, and... and I'm really sorry I did this. I wish I could go back.” I kiss his head and squeeze his hand. He doesn't act like he senses anything, but I hope with all my heart that he does. 
I take a deep breath and turn to my older brother, Derek. He's almost eighteen. A man. He and I look the most alike with his dark, golden hair and his chocolaty eyes. His mouth, set in a rigid line, doesn't even twitch when I touch him. He keeps his arms tightly crossed, his gaze hard. 
 I whisper that I love him, that I'm sorry, but he is totally unresponsive. I can't get through no matter what I say. Maybe it's because we always argued during my life. Maybe it's because I said hateful things to him the last time we were together, and he told me to quit being a baby and feeling sorry for myself. 
The guilt is a hard, jagged rock resting firmly in the pit of my stomach, but I deserve that misery. I altered my family's lives, and I can never fix it, no matter what I promise, no matter how hard I try. I killed myself, and I can't go back. 
I tell Derek goodbye then back away, my heart ripped, shredded, and lying at his feet.
A limo takes my family to the cemetery and I ride with them, holding my mother's hand. No one says a word. I stand by my grave. A dark, muddy gaping hole. Actually, it's covered in fake green grass, but I can imagine the dirt beneath where my body will lay forever. Cold. Alone. Rotting. I hate cemeteries.
Holding back a sob, I beg God to perform a miracle—to let me live again. I stand there—raw, open, bleeding, and no one can stop the flow. I'm forced to hear it all, feel it all, and experience it all.
Finally Gram turns to me, places her hand on my arm, and closes her eyes. Two seconds later, we stand before the entrance of Idir Shaol.

CHAPTER SIX
~Secrets~
Brecken

Brecken holds the phone to his ear. It's after midnight and he'd been asleep when his cell rang. Jill's voice pushes back the darkness of his basement bedroom. He isn't the least bit irritated at her call.
“I missed you, baby,” she says. “I had to call and tell you so.”
Brecken's eyes are heavy, and he is still half-asleep, so he answers in a soft whisper. “I always miss you.” He keeps his eyes closed and rests the phone on his pillow.
“I figured. Want me to come over?”
“Naw,” he says, rolling over on his mattress. “I'm too tired tonight. I'll see you at school tomorrow.”
“Oh, I won't be there.” Her voice dips and he can picture her bottom lip jutting out in a pout. 
“Why not?”
There's a slight pause and then a breathy laugh. “Well, I'm going to a conference thing, but I can't talk about it right now. It's kind of a secret. It's supposed to be super cool though, so if it is, I'll tell you all about it when I get home.”
“Why is it secret?” Brecken asks, annoyed that he'll have to spend a whole day without Jill to distract him. “What's the big deal?”
“I don't know, silly, but I promised not to talk about it, so I'm keeping my promise. Well, I better go before my parents get home.” She kisses into the phone and tells Brecken she loves him. 
A wonderful feeling of warmth envelopes him and he knows he will never care about anyone as much as he does Jill. “You too. See you later.” The reflective light of the screen darkens, leaving him to ponder the strangeness of a secret conference no one can talk about. A thread of nervousness tickles his mind, but he pushes it away. Jill is smart. He doesn't need to worry about her. She isn't usually so secretive, but... whatever. 
He's too tired to think about it.

CHAPTER SEVEN
~A Way Out~
Alisa

Emotionally drained and totally exhausted, I fall onto my bed in Idir Shaol. How is it even possible for a spirit to be so weary? I could sleep forever. Unfortunately, that is not an option. Instead, I lie in my Hansel and Gretel cottage and stare at the swirling blue ceiling. It looks like Earth's sky, and as serene as it's supposed to be, it doesn't help me feel any better.
I face the wall and try not to think about my terrible, hopeless situation. Raphael told me I would feel this way when I returned from my funeral, that I would be worn-out, restless, and unable to feel at peace, that I would need rest. But all thoughts of rest and relaxation fly away the moment my roommates come through the door.
“Yeah, he's leaving. I can't believe it! I'm so jealous.” Shana exclaims, all excited, gesturing wildly as she speaks. “Oh man. What a dream!”
I sit up. “Who's leaving?”
“Anthony Wiser. He's going to Earth.” She plops on her bed and opens her manual.
My mind begins to spin. Someone is leaving this place. He's going back to Earth. For good? “To be born again?” 
“Man, what an idiot,” Deedre mumbles as she drops down on her bed. “There's no such thing as reincarnation, stupid. Not like people think.”
“He's going to be a guardian,” Shana says, closing her book and studying me with a serious expression. 
With narrow eyes, slitted and cold, Deedre watches me, her mouth turning into a sardonic grin. “You don't even know what that means, do you?” For some reason, this gives her undeniable pleasure.
“Oh shush, Dee,” Shana says before turning back to me. “Anthony finished his courses and now gets the chance to pay back his debt. He gets to be a guardian. You know, to help someone on Earth. If he succeeds, he'll get to live in Elysium.”
“Elysium?” I've never heard of it, but if that's where Gram lives, move me in!
“Yeah,” Shana answers. “You know. Heaven? Paradise?”
“That place you couldn't get into?” Deedre sneers.
I ignore her. I don't care what they call it as long as I get live there too. “Can anyone be a guardian?” Hope blossoms in my chest. 
“No.” Cinder states with finality. These are the first words I've heard her utter. Her total lack of enthusiasm makes me wonder if she is one of those unfortunate souls missing out.
“Well,” Shana says, “It all depends on your situation, but I bet if you talk to Raphael he'll tell you if you qualify. We could go now if you want.”
A moment later, we stand in the airy hallway outside Raphael's office. Bright light shines through the high windows, reflecting brilliant color off the marble tile. If Idir Shaol is this beautiful—and it is slowly growing on me—how much more wonderful will Elysium be? I can’t wait to get there, and I am willing to do anything and everything to make that happen.
I take a deep breath and knock. The door opens.
“Well, hello girls. What can I do for you?” Raphael waits with his hands clasped before him, his feet bare. Once again, I'm shocked by his overpowering brightness, his beauty, and the love he radiates.
“Alisa wants to know if she can be a guardian,” Shana says before I can even open my mouth.
I glance at her with an irritated frown. She shrugs and keeps smiling.
“Is that so?” His face searches mine, and it feels like he can see right through me. “Come in, Alisa, and we'll discuss it. He shuts the door on Shana, and I am on my own.
Raphael shows me to a chair and from the look on his face, I'm sure he'll tell me I don't qualify. I mean really, who wants someone who killed themselves to help them out of a sticky situation?
“So, Alisa. Tell me. How are things?”
“Fine.” I plaster a fake smile on my face, determined to act my way through this little charade, but if he can really see inside me, he'll see a damaged, broken, miserable soul. I'm not really fine at all.
“Any problems?”
“No.”
“You have an interest in becoming a guardian?” He reclines in the armchair, the curve of a smile barely lighting on his face. His green eyes focus on mine, and suddenly it feels like he can see my heart, my sins, my weakness, and especially my desperation.
For a moment, I just sit there, my mind blank, yet I'm full of shame. “To be honest, I'm not even sure what a guardian is.”
He nods in understanding. “It is a grave responsibility. You are given charge of a person on Earth and you're to help them through a very difficult situation. You are not told what their obstacle is beforehand. You must figure it out through inspiration and meditation. Then you must help them overcome the obstacle. If you succeed, you are allowed to pass on to Elysium. It is more difficult than it sounds.”
It actually sounds really hard to me, but I'm willing to give it a try, because the thought of being stuck here for eternity is not an option.
“I'd like to do it. I know I have a lot to make up for, and I want to help someone else so they don't make my same mistakes.” Since my funeral experience, I have realized with terrible clarity the gargantuan mistake I've made. I want to go back to Earth. I have to go back.
With a sad, loving smile, he says, “We'll discuss it at our next board meeting and see what everyone thinks.” He squeezes my hand and the heat from his touch sears through me. All the guilt I've ever known feels dredged up and on display. 
My heart sinks, and I pull my hand away, not wanting him to discuss me with The Board. My heart sinks. Anaita is probably on that board and she certainly won't let me go. She'll probably relish the thought of torturing me in her class forever and ever. 
***
After my conversation with Raphael, time—which is hard to judge anyway—moves slower than ever before. The torture of waiting for the board's decision eats at me until I think I'll pull my hair out... which I can't really do. 
I am sure they'll say no.
I go about my usual schedule, another class being next on the list. I amble along beside Shana as we make our way down the path. Cinder and Deedre follow behind. When we step into the classroom, I head for the back row. Shana always sits at the front, but she doesn't put up a fuss when I pass that row and keep going. I find a seat as far from the teacher as possible and slump down, hoping to become invisible. 
Anaita stands at the front like an avenging angel, light and power radiating from her very fingertips. During class, she locks eyes with me, and I pray she can't read my thoughts. I make every effort to keep my mind blank, which really isn't hard. There isn't anything of consequence in there. I'm lucky enough that she doesn't pick on me today. Small miracle. 
When class ends, I hurry to the door, determined to be free. 
I'm not fast enough.
“Alisa, may I speak with you a moment?” Anaita's soft whisper makes me wince. I try not to show any feeling when I turn to face her, but dread spreads through me like slow moving tar as I see her eyes harden. I make my way back across the room to where her ivory desk rests under a wide, bright window. She leans against her desk, pink robes fanning out around her.
“Raphael spoke to me about your desire to become a guardian. I think it's a little soon.” She doesn't smile, but cocks her head as though trying to figure me out. She'll have no success in that area. I can't even figure myself out.
“Well,” I answer finally. “You're wrong.” I fight the urge to cover my lips, blocking the escape of any other errant words.
Her eyes darken and she crosses her arms over her chest. “I see fire in your soul, Alisa, and that is a good thing... sometimes. But if you are to succeed, you'll need more than just fire. You'll need unwavering confidence. Your charge will rebel at every turn. He'll try to escape your influence. He... well, it doesn't matter. You're sure to fail.”
“Does this mean I can go?” I ask in surprise.
She sighs and walks around her desk. “We discussed it and the vote was mostly in your favor.”
She must have voted otherwise. Not a big surprise. 

CHAPTER EIGHT
~Learning in the Library~
Alisa

I float all the way back to my cottage and can't wait to share the good news, especially with Deedre. I feel a tiny desire to rub it in just a bit. She got here before me after all, and now I'll be the first to leave. Take that!
I open the door with all the drama I can muster and... no one is there. I stare at the empty, quiet room, deflated, but then a spark of excitement begins to glow inside me. This is the perfect time to visit the library! I have nothing else to do. Slamming the door behind me, I race toward downtown Idir Shaol. I pass a few buildings, not remembering what they are for, and easily find my favorite place in the entire world. 
The library.
It looks just like it should. Red, glittery brick, tinted windows, cement steps leading inside. And there are people everywhere. Their voices carry easily as they visit, bustle about, or sit at desks, working at what looks like small, compact computers. I move slowly, completely absorbed and baffled by this strange, new experience. 
A group on carpeted risers sits before a movie screen in the corner of the large room. I make my way over, curious about what has captured their attention. They stare with determined focus, watching the film. The small-scale amphitheater seems cozy so I sit on the edge of a riser next to a friendly looking girl.
“What's going on?” I whisper.
“Shh,” she says, glancing at me, and then turning back to the movie.
“But what are you watching?”
“A training visual. Be quiet.”
“For what?” I ask. 
She turns and faces me fully, a frown pulling on her lips. “A training visual is instructional media on how to be a guardian.”
“Oh.”
“Shh!” The group turns to stare at us. My mouth snaps shut, and I fight the instant desire to stand up and leave, but I'm curious, so I stay and watch. This is what I'll be doing after all. Being a guardian.
An instant yearning for hot, buttery popcorn comes to me, but since they don't have hot, buttery popcorn here, I feel empty and deprived, hating myself for what I am missing on earth. There's no way to curb this craving, so I sit there, depressed that I'll never taste my favorite treat again.
The video continues with a spirit guardian tagging along behind his charge, who is battling a desire to enter a bar. The guardian hovers behind him, whispering frantically into his ear. They stand on the street corner, the man's eyes glued to the door of the bar. He wears a leather jacket and seems about the same age as my dad. Probably in his late forties. His hands clench and unclench as his Adam’s apple bobs up and down.
“He's an alcoholic,” the girl next to me whispers. “He just finished AA.”
“Oh,” I whisper back. “So why is he at a bar?”
The girl scowls at me like I'm an idiot. “That's the whole point. His guardian is trying to talk him out of going inside.” 
I have the feeling she wants to add a duh to the end of her sentence. 
The scene plays out and I lean forward, my toes clenched and my eyes straining even though the picture is crystal clear. I'm spellbound, holding my breath. Will the guy screw up months of success for just one drink? Will he throw all those torturous hours of AA away? 
Just when I'm sure he'll lose the battle, the man turn and hails an approaching taxi. The people sitting next to me jump up and cheer, their hands in the air. I find myself jumping up too, hugging the girl next to me in celebration of the man's success. A thrill of excitement rushes through us. 
Will my charge have temptations like this? Will people here watch my work? As cool as that sounds, I'm not someone who wants an audience. I'm sure to screw up if I know people can see me in a movie like this. “Do you watch these training visuals all the time?” 
“Oh sure,” she says. “Especially if there's a special situation where the task is difficult and the guardian is successful. They want us to learn from one another's achievements... and failures.”
“Right. Got it.” I'm sure to be in lights someday. Probably to show what not to do. When the group disperses, I meander to a different part of the library, anxious to see what else this fascinating locality offers.
I pass some high bookshelves and stop to pull a book down. The pages are thick and appear very old, crackling with a musty odor when the pages part. The words are in a strange language. One I don't understand, so I put it back and pull down another, only to find the same thing. What is this section? Where are the romance novels? The suspense thrillers? 
“Are you lost?” a voice behind me asks. 
I turn to see a small woman in white carrying a large stack of ancient tomes. Not unlike the one I'm holding. 
“You work here?” I feel an instant liking for this woman. She seems sweet, motherly. 
“Yes. I do. Are you lost? Most people don't wander around here aimlessly,” she says with a smile and a wink. “You must be new. Can I help you find something?”
“Well, I came to read, but there's so much to see.” I look at all the different people watching videos, conversing, or in discussion groups. I can't see one person just lazing around reading.
“This isn't a library like you'll find on Earth if that's what you mean,” she explains. Everyone has a job to do, or is in training.”
“Oh. Well, I'm leaving for Earth soon to be a guardian.” 
“That says a lot about you.” She places her hand gently on my forearm. “You must be an old soul, wise and sent to earth quickly.”
Old soul? Wise? She definitely has me mixed up with somebody else. 
“I have some time to visit if you'd like.” She smiles with a warmth I can't ignore, and I'm so lonely that I take her up on her offer.
 “My name is Annabelle. I've worked here for a long time. Over a century.” She sits down at a nearby table, so I sit opposite her.
“You've worked here a hundred years?”
“Yes. Time doesn't move the same here like it does on earth, but I love my job. I chose to come here, to help souls like you.” She sits back with a serene expression. “What is your name, dear?”
“Alisa. Alisa Callahan.” This lady reminds me of my grandmother, which is actually kind of wonderful. She has the same oval face and twinkly blue eyes. Even their smiles are similar. She makes me feel wanted and comfortable. Something I've been craving for a long time.
Annabelle leans forward, her countenance open and peaceful. “I died of natural causes in the late eighteen hundreds. After I died, I learned that all spirits continue to work, to help out in some way. There's a lot to be done in every area of existence.”
Will I have to work for eternity too? Actually work? Did Gram have a job? Did Natty? I close my eyes in despair. I don't want to work forever. I want to rest. I'm tired. That was the whole point of killing myself. I shake my head and glance down at my hands. 
“What did you imagine people do after death?” she asks kindly. “Float on clouds of happiness all day?” She places her hand over mine and gives me a couple of squeezes. “That would get a little boring after a while. Don't you think?”
Actually, no. I don't think it would. It sounds wonderful. 
“I know it's a lot to take in, but once you return from your guardianship, you'll be able to choose where you'd like to contribute. That is, if you succeed.”
I glance back at her. “If I succeed? What happens if I don't?”
She pauses and slowly raises her eyes to meet mine. “You go to Soul Prison.”

CHAPTER NINE
~A Bad Deal~
Brecken

Brecken sits across the kitchen table from Damion, a kid he knows from school. He wouldn't exactly call him a friend, more of a means to an end... kind of. More and more often though, Brecken has been told to do things he doesn't like, things that cross the line, but how else will he get the extra money he needs?
He can't call his dad. Those conversations always end in an argument, with his dad telling him what a crappy job he's doing paying the bills and saving the money he left them. Doesn't his dad realize they need food too?
Anger at his hopeless situation sprouts anew, and his resolve to go along with Damion's latest scheme strengthens.
“They're gone by eight in the morning,” Damian says, his dark eyes intense. “They have a dog, but it's little and can't do any damage. Kill it for all I care. They're crappy neighbors anyway. They leave their bathroom window cracked open. Idiots. Anyway, there's a screen on it, but you can easily push it out. Go for the master bedroom. Jewelry, that kind of stuff. All I want is a third of what you take.”
“A quarter. I'm the one taking the risk.” Brecken gazes into Damion's muddy, brown eyes with disgust. The only reason he is still here is because their phone will be disconnected tomorrow if they don't pay the dumb bill. Brecken needs ninety-five bucks, and if he's late paying, not only will his cell phone be turned off, but his dad's too. It's a family plan, and his dad needs his phone for his business.
“Fine.”
Brecken grits his teeth and looks down at his hands, shame blossoming in his chest, making his heart feel as dirty as the grime under his fingernails.
He leaves with not only regret, but a raw dose of fear too. How can he continue to live like this?

CHAPTER TEN
~First Glimpse of Hell~
Alisa

“Soul Prison?” I repeat, staring into Annabelle's eyes in horror. “Like a penitentiary?” I don't want to be punished forever for one little misunderstanding. That doesn't seem fair. I want a shot at redemption, to be with my family, with Natty. I can't go to prison! 
Annabelle continues to smile as if it's no big deal, like it happens every day, and maybe it does for some, but not for me. I'm not the jail type. I've never stolen, done drugs, or anything else illegal. Okay, I did try alcohol once, but I didn't like it. That has to count for something. I've never even made out with a boy... officially. Nothing past first base.
I killed myself to be free!
“There are areas of Soul Prison that aren't so bad,” she says. “Some people even like it there. Other parts though... ” She shivers. “You don't want to know.”
She is right about that. 
She twists away and closes her eyes, becoming quiet and perfectly still. “One moment, please,” she says putting her finger up for silence. “I'm getting a message.” 
I frown, waiting. “Annabelle?”
She is still for a moment longer and then turns back to me. “Raphael... I assume you know him?”
“Yes.”
“He knows you're here with me in the library.”
Of course he does. There is less privacy here than on Earth. What a surprise.
“He says I should take you to visit Soul Prison so you can see firsthand what it's like. That the experience will help you. It's not one of my normal duties, but I would be happy to be your guide.” She stands and smiles sweetly, then offers me her hand.
I stay in my seat, my hands in my lap. “I don't want to go there.” 
She chuckles and reaches for my hand anyway. “Not to be imprisoned. Just to see it.”
She links arms with me, and I brace myself for what is sure to be torture. 
We disappear from the library with a blink of her eyes. It seems to take a long time and I wait to appear... somewhere. Anywhere. I feel suspended in darkness. The landscape looks unnaturally shadowy, and I can barely see Annabelle beside me. “When will we get there?” I whisper after a moment.
“We are here, dear.”
She pulls me down a slightly sloping path as a heavy blanket of fear wraps around me. The darkness is almost enough to drive me to my knees, because I feel it all around me. A viscous mist descends, its gummy substance accumulating on my arms. It won't come off and sticks to my fingers like gum. Horrifying screeches, like wounded animals dying in pain, rise on the dank air. 
I can't do this. I can’t be in this place. “What is this?” I shriek, trying to wipe my arms.
“It's desperation, sweetie. Defeat. Agony. The torment of guilt.” 
The wailing grows louder, penetrating me like a dull knife, magnifying the horror of this evil place. “Can't someone help that poor... whatever it is?” I ask, distracted by the gooey mist collecting on me. It mushes between my toes, fills my hair, and sticks to the roof of my mouth.
This evil place, this dark world, has wrapped its sinewy fingers around me, clinging with the icy chill of dead hands, dead souls, and dead dreams. Not only do I feel physically tormented but emotionally too. Hopelessness, fear, and anger, as though live entities, float in the mist, making me want to lie down and die all over again. This is way worse than my funeral.
Annabelle pulls me further down the path. When I venture too close to the edge, the razor-sharp grass cuts painfully into my feet. Not in a physical way, but like a stab through my heart with feelings of shame and severe depression.
“Somebody shut that thing up!” I finally scream, covering my ears, no longer able to tolerate the alarming cries. I've never heard anything so pitiful, so agonizing.
“It's not a thing, dear. It's people. Souls,” she says.
I stop, frozen to the mucky stones beneath my feet.
“That's right, Alisa,” she says, turning to me. “What you hear is the wailing of anguish from people paying for their sins. People who refused to make amends during life.”
“You’re kidding me.” My hands still cover my ears, but my eyes are adjusting. A short way off the path I see thin, dark arms, writhing, reaching upward, raspy voices crying for another chance, for forgiveness. My soul recoils, afraid they might touch me or contaminate me with their filth. 
“Please, let's leave.” I grasp Annabelle's hand. “I don't want to stay here.”
“But you will if you fail in your mission. You can't stay in Idir Shaol indefinitely. You have to move on. One way or another.” For someone so small, she seems enormously strong, but I cling to her, desperate not to be left behind when she blinks away.
“There's someone you need to see.” 
“Here? Who?” Annabelle pulls me further down the path. 
I've become a blubbering idiot, terrified, and clinging to her. “Please don't leave me,” I plead over and over. 
She stops and a dark... thing, half crawls, half stumbles toward us, the muck pulling against him like melted tar, holding him to the path. He stops before me, a bent figure carrying an agonized expression. I recognize his tortured face immediately. 
“Mr. Roland.” I'm breathless and suddenly nauseous. 
“Yeessss,” he rasps in a hot whisper. “You remember.”
Of course I remember... I've tried to forget, to block the memories out, but I haven't been able to. Like a dog drawn to its vomit, they always came back to me. 
If anyone deserves to be here, he does. It happened so long ago, but the memories are instantly before me again, starkly clear. He molested me repeatedly, along with his own daughter, my best friend, Natasha, for over a year. 
I shrink back, horrified to see him. He ruined my life. He ruined Natty's. I was only twelve—so innocent, so good, so sweet. He took all that away from me, and for a moment, I itch to spring forward, to rake my fingernails down his already marred face, to spit in the dark coals of his eyes. I'm glad he's here. Glad he's miserable. I hate him. More than anyone or anything else in the world.
The hot burn of tears—that aren't really there—press against the back of my eyes as I stare. His crime was discovered, and he went to jail just after my thirteenth birthday. I never saw him again. Every night—after I heard he'd died—I prayed he was roasting in hell. 
He moves toward me, reaching for my hand. I jump back with a shout. “Don't touch me! Don't you ever touch me again!”
He pulls away, scars streaking down his anguished face. “I'm sorry, Alisa. I'm so, so sorry. Please forgive me. If only I'd known... ” He looks pathetic. He is pathetic. He is a wretched creature with no hope of redemption. Ever, I hope. 
“I will never forgive you,” I say in a quiet growl, my jaw clenched. “Do you hear me? Never!”
“Please,” he begs again, falling to the ground at my feet, groaning, the muck stretching over his back in a tight cocoon.
I glance around at the inky darkness of this world, the heaviness of the very air. A world where no one glows with light. A world where souls live in darkness because of the terrible things they've done. He is getting what he deserves. 
“No.” I take Annabelle's hand, and we disappear with a blink of her eyes. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN
~The Heist~
Brecken

Brecken waits outside Damion's neighbor's house. He watches the couple leave for work in their Lexus, and wishes for the kind of ease these people have. How would it feel to have enough money for whatever you want? He doubts he'll ever know.
He waits ten minutes, and then creeps around the corner of the house, keeping behind the bushes that shield him from pesky neighbors. He finds the bathroom window cracked open, just like Damion promised. 
With a screwdriver, he pries the screen away and then sets it down with a quiet twang against the bricks. The window is only four feet up but on the narrow side. He jumps, balancing on his hands until he hooks his knee on the sill, then slithers through, almost slipping and falling forward on this face. His shoes leave a scuff on the pristine white toilet seat. 
Brecken creeps to the bathroom door and peeks out. The house is silent except for the ticking of a grandfather clock in the living room just down the hall. Thick carpet cushions his feet and he takes off his shoes so he won't leave any prints. He wiggles his toes for a moment, awed by the lushness of something that is so ordinary for some people.
Brecken turns toward the stairs. Light streams through high windows above the front door and into the living room, reflecting off a chandelier, creating rainbows on the beige walls. So beautiful, so quiet, so peaceful. So unlike his house.
The master bedroom is at the end of the hall. He stops in the doorway for a moment, staring at the four-poster king-size bed. Satin quilts grace the mattress and ornate dressers stand on two of the walls. There is a tilting, full-length mirror in one corner. He can see marble countertops in the master bath.
How much money do these people make anyway? What do they do for a living? He can't believe the luxury, the wealth, of this house. Shaking his head, he hurries over to the dresser and finds a beautiful jewelry box that matches the rest of the dark, glossy wood in the room. 
Brecken lifts the lid, hating himself for what he is about to do. This is not him. He doesn't have the heart of a criminal. He doesn't want to hurt people. He doesn't want to take precious treasures that don't belong to him, but what choice does he have? What is left for him to do?
Acid fills his throat and he almost turns around to run out. Backing up, he rests his hands on his knees, breathing deeply.
He has to do this. He has to. There is no other way. His eyes moisten in frustration. He wipes them dry, grits his teeth, and then goes to work.

CHAPTER TWELVE
~A Visit From Heaven~
Alisa

Seeing Mr. Roland brings up all sorts of memories I don't want to think about or relive, but now I can't get them out of my head. They plague me. Like gnats flying around in my mind, nipping, biting, itching. I long for the sweet oblivion of sleep, which I can’t have. 
My thoughts turn to Natasha. Where is she now? Why haven't I seen her? Is she happy with loved ones? Has she forgiven her father? I meander along a path in Idir Shaol, the cool stones hard beneath my feet. I'm not in the mood for classes, interviews, and especially my roommates. 
I find a grassy knoll and sit down, my long, white robe covering my feet when I bend my knees and wrap my arms around them. I rest my chin on my arms and close my eyes, picturing Natty's almost white-blonde hair, her endearing, crooked front tooth, her bright blue eyes.
I miss her. I actually thought that I'd be with her after I died. How disappointing. I let the hurt well up inside me like bubbling mud filling me with ache. She is up here somewhere. Does she even know I died? Or worse, does she know how I died?
Natty and I were there for each other during and after the abuse we experienced at the hands of her father. She helped me cope, and I did the same for her. When she died, so did that critical support. Everything piled up with no escape. Suicide seemed my only option, my only way to rid myself of the shame and depression. What I wouldn't give to talk to her again, to feel her sisterly support, to feel her quiet strength.
Not two seconds pass before someone sits beside me on the grass and places a soft hand on my shoulder. Too soft to be Raphael's. Did Shana see me and wander over? Or Gram? At that thought, my head snaps up, hope blossoming through me. Nothing could have prepared me for this surprise. 
“Natty!” I throw my arms around her, a wave of happiness rippling through me. Radiant light bursts from her face as she smiles. All of our time together rushes through my mind. Natty has been my friend since I was three. The week after she moved into my neighborhood, my mom invited her mom to join the local bunko group. She came with her mother, and from then on, we were seldom ever apart. 
Even as we grew, bunko night was still the best part of the week. We'd lock ourselves in my room, painting our toenails, whispering about boys, watching movies. She was the sister I never had. We spent every day together... until her headaches began.
It wasn't long before her problem was diagnosed.
Anaplastic Astrocytoma. 
Brain cancer. 
Inoperable. 
A death sentence. 
“What are you doing here?” I take her hand and kiss it, holding it tight, just in case she decides to disappear as quickly as she came. 
“You were thinking of me, Lis, and I felt it.” Her blue eyes sparkle as she squeezes my hand. “I can't stay long though.”
“Why not?” I desperately need my best girl beside me. Everything seems right, now that she's here, and I don't intend to let her go easily.
“It's just how it is. I can visit, but I can't stay.”
“You live in that big city, don't you?” I ask, envious. 
She nods, but her smile is sad as she gazes at me.
“What's it like?”
With a sigh, she looks up, pondering. “It's wonderful, beautiful, and busy. I'm very happy.”
“You are?”
“You sound surprised.” She laughs and shakes her head. “Dying wasn't a bad thing. At least for me.”
“It was for me,” I answer, feeling the sting of invisible tears behind my eyes. The reaction is automatic even though I can't really cry. 
Again, she nods. “That's true, but Earth-life only lasts a short while. You know that.” She watches my face and her gaze feels warm against my soul, like the sun's rays, delicate and soft. I glance at the deep green grass beneath my feet and move my toes through it. It feels alive, and I swear I can hear it singing in happiness, just to exist. 
I turn to her. “I don't know anything. Nobody knows anything. I thought I would be with you.”
“I know,” she says, socking me playfully in the arm like old times. “Silly girl. Always jumping before you look.”
Instead of chuckling like I would have in the past, I ask her the question that has been plaguing me since I came here. “Are you really happy, Natty? Tell the truth. And if you are, why? You left your mom, your home... me.”
“Yeah, but I'm still with family. My grandparents are here, and their parents, my cousins. Tons of relatives I'd never met because they lived long before me. It's like a huge family reunion. In fact, it's nice to come see you and get away from it for a while.” 
She doesn’t mention her dad and neither do I.
 I wanted a huge family reunion too. I wanted happiness, rest, and beauty, but all I got were scary roommates who don't like me, except for Shana—and a field trip to hell.
At Natty's smile, I feel a twinge of jealousy twist inside me. I want what she has. But I was too impatient. I was stupid. 
“Don't worry. You'll be a great guardian.”
“You know about that?” 
“Yep. We all have guardians. Most are guardian angels, but sometimes, people like you get to repay their debt. It's totally cool. I'm hoping to be a guardian angel soon, but it will be for my charge's whole life, not just a short stint. And for guardian angels it's always a relative, or a descendant.”
I hadn't known that. I don't know anything, and the longer I listen, the more I realize it. “I'm not sure I can do it, Natty. I'm so screwed up. I've totally ruined everything.”
“Not everything, Lis. And you can do this.” She stands up and I stand with her.
“You're not leaving, are you?”
“I have to. I only came for a minute, but I'll keep tabs on you and visit when I can. Don't worry. You'll be just fine, and we'll be together soon. Okay?”
I nod and pull her into an embrace, hating the moment we let go. With a blink of her eyes, she's gone. 
Just that fast. 
And once again, I'm left behind.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
~The Dreaded Call~ 
Brecken

It's a cold, rainy spring day and the wind blows with a biting ache. It has rained for the last week and Brecken's sisters have been stuck inside the house, bored and ornery. He finally sends them to their rooms, so he can have privacy to make this call. 
He stares at the phone in his hand, dreading the coming conversation. It never seems to matter what Brecken wants, says, or asks for. His dad's automatic answer is always no. He doesn't even listen. Or maybe his dad just doesn't care. The hurt of numerous rejections stings, and Brecken doesn't know how to fix things.
At one time, life seemed so simple. He remembers past fishing trips with his dad, nights they stayed up late doing math homework, one-on-one basketball games of HORSE. Those days are long gone.
He dials his dad's number, almost hoping he won't answer. 
He does.
“Hey, Dad,” Brecken says, hesitating.
“Hey,” his dad answers. “Can I call you right back? I'm kind of in the middle of something.”
His dad won't call back. Not because he is a liar or completely unreliable, but because he is always in the middle of something. It happens all the time. Brecken waits and waits for the call back that never comes.
“Actually, this can't wait, Dad. We need some money deposited into the account. We have some late bills, and the companies are calling.”
There's a moment of silence on the other end of the line, and Brecken is sure his dad will tell him he's sorry, but that he can't give them money. He's surprised when the reply is, “Okay, Bud. I'll get to the bank this afternoon. I was just paid for my last job, so I have a check. Will five hundred do for now?”
No. It won't. The house payment is due as well as the power bill, the gas bill, and a hospital bill. And he still needs to buy groceries. 
This should be his dad's job. Brecken should be able to act like a regular teenager, have fun with friends, play lacrosse or basketball, and go to dances. But he keeps his voice flat, neutral, not wanting his dad to know how hard this is for him. Life is hard for his dad too.
“Sure, Dad. Anything would be great.” His dad doesn't have a lot of money to send. He lives in their camper when working out of town, and he needs materials in advance for his jobs and money for food too.
Not one word is said about being glad Brecken called, or I love you. No questions about school, friends or homework. With a heavy sigh, Brecken places the phone on the coffee table and grabs the keys to his dad's old beater car. 

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
~Returning to Earth~
Alisa

As time passes, I attend my classes, study the handbook, and have regular interviews with Raphael. I've managed, so far, not to have any with Anaita. But that success streak ends abruptly.
Shana comes running to our cottage with a vellum note clutched in her hand. She thrusts the note into my face while I sit on my bed reading boring educational material that is supposed to help me during my guardianship. 
“Alisa! You have a letter from Anaita.” She watches me as I read. “She saw me on the path and asked me to give it to you. What does it say?” 
I take the note and gently unfold it. It's made of thick paper that's almost scratchy in my hands. “She wants to see me.” My spirit has many of the same reactions as a physical body, except it's more about the emotion that is attached, so the moment I read the note, it feels like my heart races, and then drops into my stomach. A wave of anxiety plows over me, and I struggle to find an excuse to refuse. I come up with nothing. 
“Just great.” With a sigh, I leave my cottage and plod down the path to the white marble building where my guardian classes are held. It sparkles in the light like a beacon, but does not beckon me forward. It is the last place I want to go. 
Once I reach Anaita's office I hesitate, my fist ready to knock on her door. I can do this, I tell myself, my eyes closed. I rap on the solid wood. The door opens without a sound and there she stands—gleaming and golden. 
“Hello, Alisa. Have a seat.” She gestures to a bright red couch to her right. A wide window gleams crystal clear, and I sit down, glancing through it to the small town of Idir Shaol. I won't miss this place when I leave.
“How are you?” she asks, pulling a chair close.
I shift uncomfortably and turn to face her. I'm pretty sure she could care less how I am. “I'm good.”
“Have you enjoyed your time here?”
That is a loaded question. She'll know if I lie, so I stick to the truth, trying not to sound like the surly teenager I am. “Not really.”
Her laugh resonates through the room, full and rich, but with a touch of sarcasm. “Yes. I know what you mean, but nothing happens by accident or chance.”
I nod, but in my head, I think the complete opposite. What kind of loving god would destine me to be molested, or to go through all the heartache I have? No. Even with everything I've seen here, I'm not sure I even believe in God, and if he is real, then he's cruel and uncaring.
Anaita leans back in her chair assessing me, her hands clasped before her, eyes narrowed. “Raphael has decided it's time for you to go.”
Because of the cold tone of her voice, my hope sinks. They've changed their minds. My thoughts fly to the prison I visited, automatically assuming that is my new destination. She smiles, but her expression is dark, sinister somehow, and I wonder how that's possible, considering her job and everything. “To Earth, Alisa. As a guardian.”
“Oh.” I breathe in relief. “You have no idea how good that sounds. I thought you meant that other place.”
“If you don't succeed, it will be that other place.” 
“Right,” I say, nodding.
“I wanted you to come to my office for a specific reason before you discussed your new charge with Raphael.”
“Oh?”
“I understand you, Alisa. Whether you like the sound of that or not. I see a lot of myself in you. And although you rebel against authority, detest what you don't understand, and you take the easy road instead of the best road—”
“Hey!”
“I don't say this to hurt you, but you need to understand how serious this assignment is. It's your last chance. Your very last. Do you understand? You fail here and your soul will rest forever in the bowels of hell, screaming for a release that you will never leave. Never.” She pierces me with her iron gaze, her eyes smoldering with something I don’t understand. She's not the least bit heavenly like a teacher should be. She is nothing like Raphael, and it terrifies me.
Wanting to escape as quickly as I can, I say what she wants to hear. “Yes. I understand.”
“I hope so. If you need anything, don't hesitate to call... in your mind. You know how to do that I assume?”
“Yeah.” 
“Good. Now go to Raphael. He'll fill you in on the rest.”
I hurry to the door and reach for the handle as though it is a life preserver.
“And, Alisa?”
I turn, my hand trembling. “Yeah?”
“Don't ever forget what I've said.” She shows no emotion, and her words sounds more like a threat than advice.
Paralyzed by her stare, I don't answer. I feel no love, no compassion, and certainly no encouragement emanating from her. After a moment, I pull the door open and fly down the stairs past Raphael's office.
Though her actual words hadn’t been cruel, her intent behind them was. Even I am bright enough to see that. What I don't know is why. She wants me to fail. It radiates from every inch of her perfect, celestial body, and I'm pretty sure she doesn't intend to help me... even if I call. The hardness of her crystal-blue eyes, the tightness of her mouth, even the way she held her hands, suggested she'd rather reach out and choke me than come to my aid. 
Raphael pulls the door open before I make it too far down the hall. 
“Alisa!” 
I slide to a stop.
“I thought I felt you passing by. Please, come in a moment.” He is all smiles and warmth. The complete opposite of Anaita, and I wonder if he knows what she's been up to. With a steady hand, he guides me to a chair, the love and concern in his eyes, a welcome respite. 
He sits behind his desk and begins sorting through a small box of crystals that are no bigger than my pinky. The crystals glow in a rainbow of color, some bright and bold, others with pastel softness.
He takes one out, its hue blood red, and places it in a slot at the corner of his desk. He turns it to the right. Within seconds, a life-size movie, similar to the one I saw in the library, appears on the opposite wall, projected from some unknown location. “The boy is Brecken Shaefer. He is seventeen years old.” 
He is of average height, muscular, and wears a black leather jacket with faded blue jeans. All I can do is stare at the face on the screen—my eyes drawn to his—as though I should recognize him somehow. I squint, trying to see him more clearly, but the picture doesn't change. I can already tell—just by looking at him—the kind of guy he is, and apart from being totally hot –I would have to be a total idiot not to notice-- he looks dangerous. From his mussed, dark hair to the way he stands, the dare in his dark blue eyes. 
I don't like him.
Raphael drones on, but I only hear half of what he says. The first words to register are: arrest, fights, and suspended, but I've already made my judgment. 
I can't guard this wild, angry, intimidating boy. He is too... something, and he frightens me. 
“So what do you think?” Raphael asks, turning to study my horror-stricken face.
“Uh... I... well, he seems nice enough, but I wonder, is there anyone else to choose from? Not that this Brecken kid isn't great, but I kind of hoped to guard a girl. You know, for propriety's sake.” 
A knowing smile spreads across Raphael's slender lips. I don't like the look at all, and I brace myself for his next words. “There's no one else. The board takes these assignments very seriously. Every guardian is placed with a certain charge for a particular reason. Brecken is the one for you. Take him or leave him.” 
That's pretty cut and dry. No arguing allowed? No debating? And what are those specific reasons for why I've been placed with him? That is something I'd like to know. “So if I choose not to guard this Brecken boy, then I can't guard anyone at all?” 
“He's not 'the Brecken boy,' and yes, that's pretty much it in a nutshell,” Raphael says, unblinking. I notice a touch of humor behind his eyes, so he must think this is funny. Maybe he is more like Anaita than I thought.
Humbled at my predicament, I shake my head at the hopelessness of it all. It's do or die, metaphorically speaking. “I guess I accept.”
“Great!” Raphael eyes are full of newfound excitement. “That's the spirit! Here's how it works. Brecken has a huge obstacle to overcome.”
“Yeah, I know that part.”
“Let me finish. It's important for you to realize the seriousness of your assignment. It's a life or death situation. Your job will be to help him overcome this immediate hurdle. If you succeed, you will be allowed to move on and continue your spiritual training, which will be more wonderful than you can imagine.”
More wonderful than I can imagine? I can imagine something pretty dang awesome. And I also think it's entirely unfair they won't give me a hint at what Brecken's problem is. How can they send me down there completely unprepared? How will I ever succeed without prior planning? It's like taking a final exam and not studying beforehand. 
“Alisa, you'll do fine,” he says. “You have a brave heart. Follow it. Pray, meditate, call for help.”
This will never work. Why would anyone start listening to me now? I'm not sure I want to pray anyway. How has God ever helped me? All I can think of is how soon I'll be returning here humiliated, a permanent resident of the underworld. 
Raphael motions for me to take his hand and looks into my troubled eyes. “It won't be as hard as you think. You can do this. Believe in yourself.” With a blink, we are gone from his office and standing outside a beige, brick building. 
I recognize the look of it immediately. 
A high school.
Ugh. High school wasn't that great of an experience the two years I attended before I died. Mainly because my grandmother and best friend had died, but also because I'd become so reclusive, had lived so deeply inside myself, that the other students had stopped even trying to befriend me. I'd become solitary. Invisible.
“Now that you've been assigned to Brecken, you will always be drawn to him,” Raphael explains, guiding me with his hand toward the front doors. “All you need to do is think of him, and you'll know where to find him. Oh, and don't forget about Brecken's special gifts. You need to be careful and be ready.”
“Special gifts?” What did that mean? He's telling me this now? At the last second? Is Brecken disabled in some way? 
Raphael gazes at me with concern, his eyebrows pulled down in a frown. “You know. What I told you in my office? About his gifts?” 
No, I don't remember. I hadn't really been listening. I'd been too shocked at Brecken's rugged, slightly beautiful, but scary appearance to hear anything. “Oh, right. Yeah, I remember,” I lie. “No problem. It will be fine.”
“Good. Well, this is where I leave you then. Good luck and Godspeed.” He takes one last look at me, and then shimmers from sight. 
The world dims, seeming dark after being in Raphael's presence. Even Idir Shaol radiates with brighter light than Earth does. Shaking my head—because it doesn't really matter—I slip through the doors, not even needing to open them.
Being a ghost has its perks.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
~The Presence~
Brecken

Math is boring as usual. Brecken sits with his legs stretched out, the laces on his boots untied, and a scowl on his face. He surveys the other kids in the room, not caring one bit what they think of him. He's past bullying. Anyone who dares comment on his black boots, black clothes, or black expression will live to regret it. 
His tough-guy exterior serves his purpose, and most people leave him alone. The only “normal” guys he's friends with are ones on the lacrosse team, and he only socializes with them at practice once a week on Saturdays. He can't afford to be on the team anymore, but they still include him even though he can't play in the actual games. That almost hurt more than anything else did.
In that moment a strange feeling comes over him, making the hairs rise on the back of his neck and chills run down his spine. Someone's in the room. A presence. He hasn't felt one for a long time. It tingles around him like jungle mist, warm and humid. He smells cinnamon, suddenly and clearly. It's not the same scent as last time, but he knows what it means.
He sits up, searching the room and gripping his desk. This can't be happening. Not again. Not now. He can't measure the amount of misery he's been through because of his curse. A curse that has plagued him his whole life. They won't leave him alone. They kept coming and coming.
He knew this hiatus from all things spooky and psycho was too good to last. Glancing at the clock, he prays for the last five minutes of class to zoom by. 
They don't. 
He hears every tick of the clock, every scuffle of feet, and every droning word from the teacher. On and on the class proceeds. His armpits grow sticky, the room stifling. Perspiration beads on his forehead and his heart races. He can't breathe as he cradles his head in his hands. He has to get out of here, away from the suffocating presence. 
 Brecken wonders if he really is crazy. Maybe it really is all in his head. Maybe none of it is real.
No.
He can't believe that. 
The bell will ring... any second... he has to hang on until the bell...
The room grows dark, and he begins to feel dizzy. He scrunches his eyes closed. 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
~First Touch~
Alisa

Just like Raphael said, I feel drawn to this mysterious boy. Who is he really? What kind of mess is he involved in? What are his feelings, his desires? What will I experience being with him all the time? 
I could have been at his side with a blink of my eyes, but I take the long way. Why hurry after all? I float through the familiar-looking halls, amazed that all high schools are built exactly alike—from the painted brick walls, to the hard, glossy floors. 
I let the unpleasant sensation of being in school again wash over me. It prickles the back of my mind, making me feel anxious and unprepared, like I have a missing assignment or something.
I stop at a puce-painted door halfway down the hall. Brecken is inside. I can feel it, and the sensation paralyzes me. I place my fingertips on the door and close my eyes, leaning my head forward. The room will be filled with at least twenty students. They can't see me, and won't know I'm there, but I imagine the pressure of their gazes, as though I am walking in with a real body.
This is it. This is my moment, and I'm not going to let some stupid boy and a bunch of his idiotic friends scare me into failing. Closing my eyes, I float through the closed door, letting myself enjoy that slight pull on my soul as I meld with the wood for one second, feeling its aliveness, its purpose. This is one part of being a spirit that is genuinely cool. Everything is alive. 
Once through, the brightness in the room surprises me. As unexpected as that is, what amazes me even more is that the glow radiates around one person in particular.
Brecken. 
He sits sprawled at his desk, his feet clad in heavy black combat books, his ankles crossed. A thick, ratty sweatshirt stretches over his wide shoulders, and even though his hair is a mess, it fits him, making him much sexier than is healthy for a seventeen-year-old boy.
I stare. 
Brecken sits up straight looking terrified. His hands grip the edge of his desk and his head swivels back and forth, searching the room.
I search too. What is he looking for? Maybe he belongs in a loony bin rather than public school. The students sitting closest to him look nervous and scoot further away. I sit down in an empty seat and watch him.
“Dude, what's your problem?” a boy to Brecken's right asks, scowling.
“Shut up,” is Brecken's terse reply.
The teacher at the front of the room explains the story of Romeo and Juliet, their fated love, and how they were doomed from the beginning. I studied that story when I was alive and thought it unrealistic. If two people want each other that much, they should be smart enough to figure it out instead of pretending suicide, but who am I to judge? I've never even had a steady boyfriend.
Brecken doesn't seem the least bit interested in the discussion. He's back to slouching in his desk, carving a deep crevasse into the top with a sharp object I can’t identify. 
Turning to the rest of the class, my gaze falls upon a girl who watches Brecken. Her short, spiky hair and black leather clothes narrow down which crowd she hangs out with. 
He doesn't give her the time of day or even glance in her direction. It's as though she doesn't exist for him at all. Poor girl. I know that feeling—liking a guy who doesn't give a crap if you are dead or alive. 
I sigh. What do I care? I'll never get the chance to be with a guy ever again. At least this girl still has time.
As soon as the bell rings, Brecken explodes from his seat, practically flying from the room. I actually have to hurry to catch up. The first thing I do is smack straight into a tall, well-muscled jock, who is also hurrying to leave the room. We meld together, my soul filling his body, his heartbeat becoming mine, his muscles filling me with strength, his thoughts becoming clear to me. With a yelp of surprise, I pull away, a humid substance clinging to me. Not unlike the muck in Soul Prison. Yuck.
The boy freezes, a frown appearing on his tanned face. He turns and searches behind him, then stands there for a moment shaking his head. He finally continues on to his locker.
Making my way carefully, I avoid every other person before me. Even though it was a strange and slightly exciting experience to meld with another living being, it slowed me down and coated me with residue, making me feel sullied and wanting a bath. 
 Staying focused on Brecken turns out to be tricky, until I float to the ceiling to follow him. He escapes outside, and flees around the corner of the school. When I catch up, he's bent over, his hands on his knees, practically hyperventilating.
“Who are you?” he says in a venomous whisper.
I search the surrounding area trying to figure out who he's talking to. I shake my head, thinking he really is crazy, but then he stands up and seems to look right into my eyes. We're almost the same height. He's only a few of inches taller. 
“I know you're there. I can smell you.”
I look around again. He can't be talking to me. He doesn't even know I'm here. No one can see their guardian. And I smell? What the—? How rude. I pretend I didn't hear him say anything. 
Other students pour from the doors, hurrying to the buses parked at the curb. Some walk down the sidewalk in front of the school. The rich ones climb into their own cars. Curious, I wait to see what Brecken will do. He just stands there, leaning against the cool, brick building, his eyes closed. 
Not knowing why, and not really thinking about it, I reach up and place my hand on his arm. Mostly to comfort him since it looks like he needs it, but also to figure out... something. 
He radiates light—not like Raphael or other spirits I've met—but a brighter light than most living people. What makes him different? 
As soon as my fingers touch his skin, a tidal wave of pressure washes over me. Not physically painful, but agonizing in its loneliness and despair. My mind grows dark and dizziness overwhelms me. I crumple in on myself, letting go of him and stumbling to the rough cement. I back away, weakened, and look up at him, holding my fingers, which still burn with the memory of contact.
“You shouldn't have done that,” he says with an I told you so tone of voice. “I don't know who you are, or what you're doing here, but there's no way you can help me, or change who I am. You might as well leave... like all the rest.”
He knows I'm here. He felt me touch him. That isn't possible. How can I guard a guy who knows I'm here? It won't work. And there have been others? Who failed? Am I doomed to fail too? A momentary panic seizes me. Closing my eyes, I take a moment to re-focus. Just because others failed doesn't mean I will. 
“I mean it,” he says again, slouching against the brick wall. “Go.”
Just then, a girl rounds the corner. She sidles up next to him. “I thought I might find you here.” She slips her arms through his, and then leans in close, her straight, platinum hair flowing like a veil over Brecken's face. As she presses forward, brushing his lips with hers, her short mini-skirt lifts. She moves against him, and I can actually see her hot pink satin underwear. He wraps an arm around her and brings her closer.
Entranced, but disgusted, I keep right on staring. What will they do next? Right here in broad daylight?

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
~First Day on the Job~
Alisa

Watching Brecken kiss the sleaze-bucket actually makes me nauseous, and I don't have to wait long to find out what they do next. The girl slides her hands up the inside of his sweatshirt, and snuggles against his bare, muscled chest. For a split second, I want to rip her arms off. I have no idea where the emotion comes from.
Brecken looks around, and then pulls her arms gently from his shirt. “Not now, Jilly.”
“What?” She looks around with a sly smile. “There's no one here and it's always more fun when you might get caught.”
“Ugh,” I say, turning away so I don't have to watch.
Brecken straightens and gently pushes Jill back. She stumbles over her combat boots, and I laugh out loud. 
“What?” she asks, confused, her eyebrows creasing.
He takes her hand and leads her down the sidewalk toward the street. “Don't follow me,” he says over his shoulder. 
I guess he's talking to me.
“Why not?” Jill asks. “I thought we were going out tonight.” She gives him a cute little pout that I'm sure she has practiced in front of a mirror.
“Not you.” He grits his teeth and pulls her along.
Jill's lips pucker and her eyes close to slits. “Well, who else, Breck? There's no one around.” She turns in a circle and motions with her hands out. “You're being weird again.”
With a sigh of resignation, he shakes his head. “Whatever. Come on.” He doesn't say anything more, and I float along behind them reluctantly. At least they are somewhat entertaining. I'm beginning to think this job of being a guardian is not what it's cracked up to be. So far, it's not what I expected, nor am I having any fun. My mood darkens the longer I follow them. If this kid can hear me, maybe I should tell him what I think of this whole situation. In my opinion, he deserves to be taken down a notch. 
“Your first and biggest mistake is your taste in girls,” I state, walking behind them, my hands clasped behind my back. It makes me feel very therapist-like.
“It's none of your business!” He storms down the sidewalk, Jill's hand gripped in his fist.
“It is my business,” Jill says, whipping her hand away. “You scare me when you act like this. All paranoid.” She folds her arms and cocks her hip. “Look, Breck, I've stayed by you through thick and thin, but if you're going to go all nuts on me again... ”
“Jilly, I'm not nuts.”
“Let me help you,” she begs. “You know I can.” Her arms snake around him as she presses her body up against his again.
I can't help but laugh, shaking my head. “What a winner.” 
Pursing his lips, he gently shoves her back. “I can't do this right now. I need to get home. I won't be able to go out tonight either, but I'll call you. Please don't be mad.” He pulls her close and kisses her quickly, then jogs away, leaving Jill and me staring after him.
That's it? He's going to run away and hide? What happened to Mr. Tough guy? I glance at Jill whose mouth gapes open.
“I don't think you should go after him,” I say, since it looks like she might. 
With an angry shrug of her shoulders, she turns and heads the other way, a scowl on her face. 
And it hits me. She listened to me! Was that all it took? A little suggestion? A tiny whisper in her ear and she changed her mind? Maybe this assignment won't be so hard after all. Then I remember I can't whisper in Brecken's ear. I don't need to whisper at all. He can hear me loud and clear. 
I stand there thinking I should probably go after him. It's what a good guardian would do, and if I want to succeed at this stupid mission, it will be better to get it over with quickly. I can get out of here and be with Gram, and then I'll never have to see Bad Boy Brecken again.
With a sigh, I blink my eyes, feeling that tug and pull in my belly that is now familiar with spirit travel, and poof, I'm at Brecken's side. Oh, happy day.
He pounds down the sidewalk, his hands stuffed into his pockets, his frown deepening as soon as I appear. “Can't you go away?”
“Go away? I just got here. I have to be here, and believe me, you're no picnic.” I look the other way, truly wishing I were anywhere else.
He turns toward the sound of my voice. “Excuse me? How did you get this job? They have to recruit from snobville now?” he says with a derogatory laugh.
That's a little below the belt because it's certainly not true. 
“You can hear me. Unbelievable.” I can't believe Raphael would send me to someone like this. I shake my head, itching to smack Brecken upside the head. I try to think of a comment that will get under his skin to get even for the “recruiting from snobville” comment. “Can't you drive home? Did the cops impound your mexi-car?”
“You're an idiot.”
“Shut up,” I answer, trying not to sound offended.
“Shut up.” He mimics my voice.
“You're so mature. You argue like a two-year-old,” I say, even though I sound the same way.
A sneer twists his face as he goes in for the kill. “How old are you? You sound like you're twelve. Did they send a snot-nosed, elementary school kid to guard me? Really?”
I stick my tongue out, tempted to add another gesture even though I'm pretty sure he can't see me, but then decide it won't look good on video at the library... just in case anyone is watching.
With a resigned shake of his head, and his mouth twisting in irritation, he walks toward a neighborhood where all the houses look exactly alike. Small, brick—varying in color—tiny front porches, and peeling paint on the gables over each front door. 
I don't say another word until we turn up the walkway to a red brick house. The neatly trimmed lawn has browned, and a couple of little bushes grow on either side of the cracked cement porch. It's obvious right off the bat that the people who lived here don't have a lot of money, but at least the house is neat. 
“This your place?” I ask, stepping into the living room behind him.
“No, it's the neighbor's. I'm here to rob them.” He throws his backpack in the corner and goes straight to the fridge. He grabs a beer and pops the lid, collapsing onto the couch.
“I wouldn't be surprised,” I say, mumbling and looking around.
He closes his eyes and chuckles like he doesn't care.
“Do your parents know you drink?” Maybe this is the obstacle he needs to overcome. Maybe he's an alcoholic. I can deal with that. Get him to sign up for AA. Get him to go to meetings. Get him a sponsor. Easy peasy.
He throws an icy stare, then, and with a snort, he takes another swig, not bothering to answer. 
His lack of emotion irritates me, and I feel no desire to keep my mouth shut. He reminds me too much of my older brother, Derek, when he's in one of his moods. 
“What a moron,” I say. “I don't have to stick around and watch this. Why should I waste my time with you?” 
His expression falls and pain fills his eyes for a split second, even though he tries unsuccessfully to hide it.
A pang of guilt pricks my conscience, because I'm being rude and I know it, but how could my comment hurt a guy like him? Why would he care what I say? He doesn't want me here, and guys like him... well, I just don't know how to deal with this situation other than how I'd do it with my brother, which will end in a big argument. I obviously don't know how to influence Brecken without saying something mean. I already regret the comments I've made so far. 
I'm not normally such brat and I don't know what is wrong with me now. I should apologize, but can't bring myself to do it, and I don't want to sit around and watch him get drunk or hear any more of his asinine comments. 
I want only one thing.
The comfortable, familiarity of home. 
The memory of my mother's face and her robust laughter calls to me. Maybe smelling the yeasty aroma of baking bread, or seeing my dad sitting at the computer going through Craig's list will make me feel better. My little brother's good-humored teasing could pull me out of this funk easy. 
All I have to do is close my eyes. The tug and pull begins in my belly and when I open my eyes, there I am in our bright, airy kitchen. I don't know if I've traveled a hundred miles or a thousand. I'm in the one place I love most. 
I take a moment to soak it in—the quiet, the familiarity of each piece of furniture, each picture on the wall, and relish the feel of just being here, of being home.
Normally at this time of day, my mom would be standing against the counter, reading mail or making some treat for us to eat once we gotten home from school, but silence fills the kitchen and my mother's absence makes everything seem sad and too quiet. 
I float upstairs to her room, stopping at mine on the way. The closed door doesn't block me, and I move through it. The unopened blinds and sheer curtains encase the room in shadow. My perfectly made bed—not like I left it—stands under the window, and not one poster I put up has been removed from the walls. Not even bare-chested Jacob Black. My mom hates that one. 
I quickly grow uncomfortable in my empty shrine, where only crumbling memories remain instead of girl things like ponytail holders, makeup, and rumpled clothes. I'll never sleep in that bed again. I'll never wear my favorite Big Star jeans, or brush my hair with the silver brush and comb set my Gram bought for me before she died. Ache fills me as I look around, heavy, cold, and filled with regret. 
Not wanting to deal with it right now I head toward my parent’s bedroom and stop in front of their door. I don't hear anything, but I have the eerie sense that something is happening inside. Uneasiness, like the overpowering stench of rotten potatoes hidden in a dark cupboard—overcomes me. 
Taking a breath, I push through the door. Only a sliver of light pierces the room through a crack in the heavy brocade curtains. The familiar cherry-wood king-size bed stands against the far wall, and a stale odor permeates the room.
A form lies on the bed, unmoving. I know who it is immediately and step closer. Familiar dark hair covers half of her sleeping face. A white, dry trail of tears ends in a wet spot on the pillow. She hasn't been asleep long.
I kneel beside her and run my fingers along her cheek. Why is my mom sleeping in the middle of the day? She never used to. She was always the first one up, running on her treadmill, working with the PTA, doing volunteer work at the children's hospital downtown. She would have considered a nap in the middle of the day a complete waste of her time.
I stay by her side and watch her breathe. It's not long before I hear the downstairs door open quietly, and then slowly click shut. I never realized I could hear so well, and I wonder who is sneaking into my house. Glancing down at my mother, I realize she hasn't stirred at all, but lies on her bed completely comatose.
I go to the top of the stairs and see my little brother Tyler. He throws his backpack next to the wall and slumps onto the couch, grabbing the remote and flipping on one of those stupid Japanese cartoons I hate. A tug of nostalgia fills me. What I wouldn't give to sit next to him and watch TV. 
Normally, he gets a snack. He's never been overweight, but he was always a bit on the chunky side—perfect for playing little league football. Now his clothes hang from his shoulders, his pants baggy. He has barely hit puberty and can’t have burned off all his baby fat yet. 
I sit on the couch next to him and place my hand over his. A rush of loneliness washes over me, and feelings of despair settle in my chest. Is this what he's feeling right now? Is this heavy weight of torment what little Tyler carries around all day? 
“Go get something to eat,” I whisper. 
He doesn't move.
I say the words again, more forcefully this time. He throws the remote down and gets up to rummage around in the kitchen cupboards, pulling out graham crackers and milk.
He comes back with a bowl of soggy crackers, plops his feet on the coffee table, and stares at the TV. With a sigh of resignation I stand, thinking I should go back upstairs to my mom, but something tells me it's time to find Brecken. 
Dang.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
~Too Much Too Soon~
Alisa

I close my eyes and picture Brecken—his dark, wind-blown hair, his thick, black eyebrows, and his intensely blue eyes. In a blink, I appear in some sort of basement bedroom—dark, dank, and surrounded by cement walls. A lone bulb swings from the unfinished ceiling. 
Brecken sits on the edge of an unmade bed, holding a pill bottle. I inch closer to read the label but his fingers close over it. He grits his teeth and opens the bottle. Maybe he's planning to overdose. Maybe my moment to help him is at hand. I'll be finished with my job and back to Idir Shaol in no time! I hurry forward, but instead of swallowing a handful of pills, he takes only one... without water. 
Oh gag. Doing that would have burned a hole through my esophagus. 
He pitches the bottle onto a small table that holds an old, wooden lamp, and then he lies down and faces the wall.
“Brecken,” I whisper, unsure of what to say. Since visiting my family, the desire to fight has disappeared, and I don't want him mad at me either. 
He covers his head with a pillow. 
“Brecken, if you can hear me, please talk to me.”
“Go away.”
I sit in a chair across the room and watch his still form. “I don't like this anymore than you do.” I wish he didn't know I was here. I could work so much better incognito, like I had with my little brother, or the girl named Jilly that Brecken kissed. Slowly, he turns and searches the dim room. “Why do they keep sending you people?”
“How should I know?” I shake my head and cross my arms over my chest. Everything he says irks me. Even the way he holds his mouth when he speaks. I feel a desire to scream coming on. “What was that pill you took?” I ask finally. “Are you into drugs or something? Are they painkillers? I want to know what I'm dealing with.” 
He exhales and turns toward me. “Zyprexa, if you must know. It's a prescription.”
I've heard of Zyprexa but can't remember what it treats. Just my luck to be assigned to some psychic wacko. “What's it for?” 
“It's for schizophrenia,” he says, sitting up on his bed. “Everyone thinks I'm nuts. Okay? If someone claims they hear voices, they're usually given medication or are wrapped up in a long white shirt that buttons down the back.” 
He has a point there. “Yeah,” I say slowly. “What else can you do? Any other amazing talents I should be aware of?” I have a feeling these weird things he can do are the special gifts Raphael was talking about when I wasn't listening.
With a whoosh, he falls back to his pillow. “None of your business. I wish you'd just leave.”
“I'd like to, but you see, if I don't finish my assignment here, I have to live in hell for the rest of forever, so a little help would be nice.”
A string of obscenities flies from him mouth and he sits up again. He searches for me in the corner.
“What did you just say to me?” I yell back at him. “I don't need to listen to that! Watch your mouth or I won't help you at all!” I want nothing more than to walk out, to leave this doper to his fate, but I know what mine will be if I do. My threat is empty and he probably knows it. He'll do whatever he can to get rid of me. 
As soon as that thought enters my mind, I feel strangely relaxed. A calm descends around me like a wooly shroud and I chuckle, which brings a frown to Brecken's face. His ploys won't work. I understand his technique. I can see right through him. Maybe it's a guardian gift.
“Hey,” he says suddenly, leaning forward and squinting his eyes. “Just so you know, I can see you. What do you think of that, little guardian angel?”
I freeze. 
The next second, I disappear back to my old bedroom.
***
Those four words, “I can see you,” rock me in a bad way. More than I would have thought possible. Being able to hear me is one thing, but see me too? It's not fair. I have a harder job than any of the other guardians, and I want to guard someone easy, boring, and not so complicated. I aim my complaints at Raphael, sure that he can hear me, but I get no response. I picture him up there laughing. 
This isn't how it's supposed to be, I scream in my mind. A few-four letter words flit through my mind, as I look around my old room, knowing I can't come home every time things get hard. Am I even allowed to visit my family? It's one of those things Anaita surely went over in class, but for the life of me, I can’t remember. 
With a tired sigh, I close my eyes. I have to stay with Brecken whether I want to or not, so I picture his face, fully expecting to reappear at his side. 
Nothing happens. 
I try again. 
Nada. I take one of my imaginary deep breaths to slow my mind and close my eyes, trying again. Slowly I open them. I'm still in my room. The only explanation I can come up with is that I need to be here at the moment, which seems strange considering I'm supposed to stick to my charge like glue.
I push through my closed bedroom door and out into the hallway, then tiptoe through the quiet house. Downstairs in the living room, Tyler still watches TV, and on the table in front of him rests the empty graham cracker bowl. 
A familiar rumbling echoes through the walls. The garage door. Someone's home. Glancing at the clock, I figure it must be Derek. He drives an old rusted, 1971 Ford Mustang that I love and hoped would be mine when he left for college. 
That will never happen now. 
The back door in the kitchen opens and closes with a loud bang.
Tyler doesn't even turn around. He doesn't say hi, or lift his hand in a wave. Derek doesn't greet our morose little brother either, but hurries down the long flight of stairs to his bedroom in the basement. I hear his door slam three seconds later. When did they all become so hostile?
Here is sweet, little Tyler, sitting alone for the last hour, lonely, forgotten, and hurting—I know because it's radiating off him in palpable waves—and Derek doesn't even stop to ask how he is. 
Furious, I stomp down the carpeted stairs to the basement, wishing I could sound like thunder, intending to give Derek the yelling of a lifetime. He has no right to treat Ty that way. His shut door stops me for only a second before I barge through. 
He lies on his bed, ear buds stuck in his ears, his iPod resting on his stomach. One arm covers his eyes. 
“Derek.”
He doesn't move, not that I thought he would.
“Derek!” 
Nothing.
“Derek!” This time I scream his name, my hands fisted, my whole soul shaking with fury, but it doesn't matter. He can't hear me. He can only hear the awful pounding of AC/DC from his tiny black mp3 player.
I can’t do anything here, so I float back upstairs, straight through the floor to save time. Ty still vegges on the couch, only now a single tear trails down his cheek. 
I kiss the tear, my heart breaking. I don't know what to say or how to help. “Tyler, I love you. I'm so sorry this is happening. I know it's my fault.” My death is the cause of all this continuing sorrow. My heart aches, but I don't know what to do about it.
Shaking my head, I begin drawing on his arm with my finger. It's something we always did in the past. We'd stay up late watching movies, drawing on each other's arms or backs the whole time. It was our thing, our tradition.
I hear an intake of breath and he sits up straighter, rubs his arm hard, like it itches, then reclines back against the couch with his arm outstretched, smiling. Tears well in his eyes. A smile spreads across my face, and I snuggle into the cushions, once again trailing my fingers up his forearm. One lone tear drips down his cheek, but I feel a small ray of hope trying to shine though the loneliness he feels. It's one of the coolest moments of my life. 
It's quickly interrupted by the most horrifying sound I've ever heard.

CHAPTER NINETEEN
~A Second Visit with Death~
Alisa

A terrifying screech echoes from upstairs, and the look of horror on Tyler's face says it all.
“Stay here!” I command before shooting through the ceiling to my mother's bedroom. 
Her room, still dark, is shrouded in shadow. She kicks off the blankets and lies there panting, sweat beading on her forehead.
“Mom! What's wrong?” For a moment, I totally forget she can't hear me. When she doesn't respond I place my hand on her forehead, but I can't tell if she has a fever or not since I don't feel hot or cold the same way as before. A second passes before she slips her feet off the bed and sits up. Leaning forward on her arms, she rests, swaying from side to side, and then she stumbles to the bedroom door, tripping on a quilt that lies tangled at the foot of the bed. Curse words tumble from her mouth. Words I've never heard her use before. Her eyes are glazed and wild. 
This is not my mother.
 She was always so loving, so happy, so fun. But this madwoman is something else. She yanks open the door and ambles to the stairs, clinging to the rail as she takes one step at a time, her movements jerky and slow.
“Tyler!” she hollers. “Get your butt up here!” She continues her laborious descent, looking like she'll fall any minute. Not knowing what to do, I rush ahead to find my brother, hoping to protect him from whatever storm is coming. 
He's alone in the living room, his face as white as winter frost, his hands twitching at his side. He doesn't even try to hide. I don't think he can move; he looks so scared. 
Without a moment's hesitation, I fly from the living room and down the stairs to the basement in search of Derek. He's still on his bed, tapping his fingers to whatever music blares in his ears. I scream for him, shout, and even try to smack his face, but nothing works. 
My whole soul cries out for him to hear me until I kneel on the floor at his side, sobbing invisible tears. At that moment he turns, a frown appearing on his already unhappy-looking face. Sitting up, he tears the plugs from his ears. 
He leaps for the door, taking the stairs three at a time with his long, athletic legs. I rush behind him, relief soaring through me. Now that he's up and running I have no fear... until I reach the living room.
My mother has Tyler by the hair, screeching at him for not having finished loading the dishwasher. I turn in confusion, noticing the spotless kitchen. Derek hurdles over the couch and grabs Tyler away from our mother. Tears streak down Ty's face and a red hand print covers his cheek.
“What are you doing?” Derek screams. “Look what you've done!” He gestures to Ty's face, his own stricken with disbelief. “What kind of mother are you?” 
Everyone stands silently staring at one another, and the only sound in the room is their heavy breathing. 
Then, in a quiet, controlled tone, Derek says, “I'll tell you what kind. The terrible kind. And I hate you. We're leaving.” Derek storms back to his room, towing Tyler behind him.
My mother sinks to the couch in defeat, and covers her face, but she doesn't cry. Instead, she pulls her legs up beneath her and lies down on a throw pillow, staring straight ahead.
After a few moments, Derek returns to the living room with a duffel bag slung over his shoulder, an empty one in his other hand. He and Tyler mount the stairs, not even looking our mom's way. After ten minutes they return, the second duffel bag full. Without a backward glance, they leave the house, the front door slamming behind them.
I can't believe what I've just witnessed. Nothing like this has ever happened in our home before. Yeah, Derek and mom would argue sometimes, but leaving the house? Running away? Mom slapping Tyler? I don't get it. 
After a moment my mom stumbles up the stairs, her feet tangling in her nightgown. She trips and slides down the stairs. After regaining her balance, she hobbles up to her room and goes straight to her bathroom. She opens the vanity and pulls out a tan pill bottle. She shakes a couple of pills into her palm, staring at the white circles. She pours out a few more, then a few more.
“What are you doing?” I say, coming around to stand before her. 
She doesn't answer. 
“Mom. What are you doing?”
Without water, she pops more than fifteen pills into her mouth. I can only stare, stunned. She goes back to bed and falls on top of the blankets. After ten minutes or so, her eyes glaze over—even more than before—and her breathing slows, her chest barely rising with each inhalation.
“Mom!” I shout. “You can't do this! Derek and Tyler need you!” It doesn't matter what I say, though, because she can't hear me. I fall to my knees and plead to the God I still have yet to meet, to help my mother.
Around me, a light grows from a pinpoint, moving closer. Gram floats beside me bathed in radiant brilliance. She smiles and takes my hand. “Hello, Darling.”
“Gram! Something's wrong with Mom! I think she's dying!”
“Yes, dear, she is,” she says with a frown.
Why doesn't Gram do something? This is her daughter! She just stands there, watching my mother with no reaction whatsoever. 
“But... but she can't die yet!”
“It's a terrible thing to witness, isn't it?” she says, gazing into my eyes. “I felt the same way when I watched you die in your car. I was there, you know.”
I didn't know. It's all so jumbled in my mind now, but I don't want to see my mother after she realizes what a terrible thing she's done.
I can’t let this happen.
When the loud bang of a door slamming rings through the house, I jump up. Someone is home. Did Derek come back? I let myself sink through the floor to find my dad standing in the kitchen, flipping through the mail. 
“Dad! Hurry! Mom needs you.”
He continues to read each envelope and even tears one open, pulling out a bill of some sort. A frown creases his brow and he exhales a loud breath.
“Damn it, Dad! Go upstairs!” 
 He looks up, confusion in his eyes.
“Yes! Go upstairs!” 
He drops the mail, still staring at the ceiling, and hurries up the stairs. Suddenly he's racing to the top, barreling toward his bedroom. He finds Mom on the bed, totally unresponsive. 
“Laynie, wake up!” He pats her face, checks her breathing, and then puffs three breaths into her mouth. After a hurried 911 call, he rushes back to my mother and continues doing CPR. 

CHAPTER TWENTY
~A New Plan~
Brecken

Brecken lies on his bed, staring at the dull, cracked ceiling in his basement bedroom. The sun will set in just a few hours. Lazy rays of light filter in through the tiny window above his dresser.
He lets his mind drift over his earlier conversation with the angel girl. She spoke to him. Actually spoke to him out loud. And she glowed, sitting there in the chair across from his bed. Long, dark brown hair down to her waist, and her eyes... 
There was something about her eyes that intrigued him, and it wasn't just her pretty face. Her aura—the energy that swirled around her—was golden and faintly pink. He's never seen anything like it before, and he has seen plenty.
He'd had other visitors—guardians—and they always glowed white, like he imagined all angels glowing, but this girl...
What is it about her? Not that he is interested in finding out; surly this new guardian will be no different from the others.
The thing that really surprises him is the fact that she spoke to him. None of the others had or would. As soon as they learned he could not only hear them, but see them too, they freaked out and disappeared, only to be replaced by another. The last one had been over a year ago. He'd thought he was free of them. If they were going to send someone who would talk to him, why send such an annoying guardian angel? 
He shakes his head and gets up. He'd get rid of her, just like the others. Show her what he's really like. That's all it usually takes. Once she gets to know him and learns about the life he leads, she'll be gone. It won't take much. It never does. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
~A Civil Chat~
Alisa

After a few hours of sitting at the hospital, I begin to feel that familiar itch that tells me I need to get back to Brecken. I ignore it, not willing to leave my mother yet. She needs me more, and I'll stay here as long as I can. 
When the feeling becomes so intense I can no longer ignore it, I kiss my mom's sleeping face, so peaceful in her drug-induced coma. She'll be okay. Gram told me so, and I believe her, but I've had a small taste of what I did to my family. It's a bitter, jagged pill to swallow.
Reluctantly, and with a heavy sigh, I picture Brecken, focusing on his sad face, his penetrating eyes. This time I only take a second to appear at his side. He sits at a worn Formica table, slurping up Kraft macaroni and cheese. Two young girls eat beside him.
“Hey,” I say, sinking down in the one remaining chair. “I'm back. Sorry I had to leave—family emergency.”
Brecken freezes, the fork halfway to his mouth. He doesn't say a word, but looks around, taking a hesitant bite.
“You can hear me, right? I'm back,” I say again. “Just so you know.”
After a slow, controlled breath, he takes another bite, and I take in the scene. Brecken's eyes are the only things that move other than his methodical eating. The two little girls, roughly the ages of twelve and nine, continue to eat in silence.
“I guess you can't see me anymore since you're looking in the wrong direction,” I say, leaning back with a chuckle. “Who are these two?”
The slurping continues until the younger girl drops her fork in her bowl and says, “I'm done.”
“Put your bowl in the sink,” Brecken says, not looking up.
The girl obeys and not long after, the older girl follows suit. “I'm going outside,” she says with a half wave. 
“K,” is Brecken's only response. When the door shuts firmly behind them, he places his hands on the table and frowns, his lips forming a pucker. “Why did you come back?”
“I'm supposed to help you. Duh.” I figure if I am open and honest then maybe my job will go quicker, and I can get out of here.
“With what?” he asks, clearing the table.
“I have no idea. They don't tell us. We have to figure it out ourselves. Maybe your drinking problem?”
He laughs, his eyes squinting, trying to see me. “I don't have a drinking problem.”
I laugh right back. “Yeah. Well. Whatever.”
He turns toward the sound of my voice. “So who are you?”
I forgot I haven't introduced myself. “I'm Alisa.” I'm not sure how much I should tell him, and I can’t ask Raphael or Anaita since I'm pretty sure they already explained the rules when I wasn't listening. 
“So you died or something?” he says, walking out of the room.
I figure I'm supposed to follow, so I do, floating a foot off the ground. It makes me feel cool and spooky. “Yep. I died.” 
“How?”
“I really don't want to talk about it.” 
“And I really don't want you around.”
“Touché.”
I follow him to the basement, to the room where I saw him earlier when he took his psycho pills. My mother has strict rules about going into a boy's bedroom. It's a big, fat no-no. And I have a hard time wanting to break her rule now.
I stare at him, and he stares at the wall, thinking he is staring at me. “Fine. I'll tell you a little about me, and you tell me a little about you. All right?”
“Fine.”
I decide, as his guardian, that it's okay for me to go into his room, because it's not like we are going to make out. I walk in and sit down on a lonely wooden chair that faces his bed. Brecken plops down on this bed, crossing his feet. 
“So, ask me anything,” I say, ready to deflect questions that get too personal.
He crosses his arms over his chest and contemplates. “I can see you again. Just barely.”
This is not what I expect him to say, but I don't leave in a panic this time. “How?” I ask, curious. 
“I am a man of many talents,” he says with a chuckle, waving his hand through the air. “It's something I've always been able to do. I don't know why. I see auras too, but the light has to be dim. They’re hard to see otherwise.” 
I nod, thinking this over. “I guess that's why you can see me down here in the dark.”
These are definitely the special gifts Raphael spoke about. They have to be. And if I want to succeed, I have to be okay with it. I take stock of my feelings and analyze them, realizing that for the most part I'm cool with it. Kind of.
We sit silently for a moment. 
“You're hot,” he says with a crooked smile. “At least from what I can tell.”
I swear I blush, if that's even possible. I've always thought my straight, dishwater blonde hair and dull brown eyes are plain, bordering on boring. I don't know why, but his compliment warms my cold, little heart a tiny bit. “Thank you. Do you see spirits on a regular basis?”
He laughs and sits up, brings his arms up to rest on his knees. He turns serious. “Naw. But I’ve seen my grandpa and my grandma a couple of times. Not my mom though. Don't know why.”
“Your mom? She's—” 
“Yeah.”
“Oh. Sorry.”
He shrugs and doesn't say anything more about her. “The other people who've come, the ones like you, didn't like it that I could see them, and they wouldn't talk to me. There were three others.”
“Really? Girls or boys?”
“Two girls and one guy.”
I wonder who they were and what it was that made them give up and leave. “How long did they last?”
“Hanging with me, you mean?”
I nod and he glances at the ceiling, thinking. “Let's see. The first one only one day. That was a girl. The next guy lasted a week, but got totally frustrated when I wouldn't obey him.” He laughs and shakes his head. “Idiot. And the last girl stuck around for almost three weeks. I'm still not sure why she left.”
“Yeah. That is weird.” I wonder where those guardians are now. Did they get to try again with a new charge? I don't intend to bail on Brecken because this might be my only shot. I can't mess it up, and anyway, talking to him like this seems nice. Maybe we could even be friends. Maybe if he can like me, even a little, he'll listen to me.
“No it's not. You'll see. You'll leave too, but you are different. I can't tell what it is, but I'll figure it out.” He gazes at me, his eyes steady. 
I sit up straight, uncomfortable with his scrutiny. “I'm different? How?”
“Well, first of all, you're talking to me. Second, you kinda have a pink glow around you. None of the others did. They were white.”
I hold my arm in front of my face and turn it back and forth. No glow that I can see. “Hmm.”
“So, anyway, I need to go. You should probably stay here.” He grabs a jacket from the foot of his bed.
“What? Where are you going?”
“Somewhere you won't want to follow.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
   ~Little Sisters~
Alisa

In front of his house, dust blows across the sidewalk, dry and stale. A lone tree grows by the curb but isn't thriving. Neighborhood kids play outside in a grass-less park to the south, dust devils rising on the breeze. A few cars are parked out front, none of them worth enough money to steal. 
Brecken straddles a motorcycle and turns the key. It roars to life, the black paint gleaming in the sunshine. It isn't new or particularly expensive-looking, but it isn't rusty and falling apart either. 
“Where are you going?”
“Don't worry about it, angel. I'll be back in a few hours.” He revs the engine and smiles. As he peels out, gravel peppers me like gunshot.
“Idiot.”
***
I follow my charge. Like he thought I wouldn't? I hold back though, worried he will sense me. If I hide in the background and watch, get a sense of who he is, maybe it will help me know how to deal with him. Technically, it's a good plan.
He drives to a house not far from his and pulls into the driveway. I stay across the street, figuring it's far enough away. He raps on the front door of a ranch-style house with black shutters. When he enters the house, I move closer. Peeking through an open window, I watch Brecken talk to a kid his age. They don't even bother to whisper. And considering their plan, I'm surprised.
“They'll be gone by six,” the kid says. “The back door will be unlocked, just like last time.”
Brecken nods but doesn't say anything. 
“Her jewelry box is upstairs in the master bedroom on a white dresser. That's all we want. Got it? The jewelry box. Nothing else.” The boy hands Brecken a white envelope. “You get half now, and the rest after.”
Brecken nods.
“Cool, dude.”
Brecken turns to leave.
“Oh, and don't get caught,” the kid laughs as he shuts the door.
I stare at my charge, my mouth hanging open in disbelief. I have to guard a criminal? If he doesn't care about robbing his neighbor, why would he listen to me? I watch him climb onto his bike and frown. He tucks the white envelope into the waistband of his pants and revs the engine. With gritted teeth, he takes off.
His form grows smaller and smaller. A moment later, I appear behind him on his motorcycle. The wind buffets me, and I throw my arms around him so I won't fall off—a reflex. He jerks in my grasp and the motorcycle swerves. He over-corrects, and I scream in fright, hugging him tighter—reflex again. 
The wheels skid to the right. The bike slides in the loose gravel, and Brecken's boot smokes, skimming along the asphalt as he tries to balance us out. My screams echo loud in my ears, and I close my eyes, not wanting to witness his demise. He manages to straighten the bike at the last second and pulls over to the curb, a panicked expression on his face. He turns around on the seat, trying to see me. “What the hell are you doing?” he yells, yanking off his helmet. 
“What a stupid question,” I say, already hopping off his death machine.
“I told you not to follow me!”
I laugh. “And I'm supposed to obey? I have a job to do, cowboy, and I'm going to do it.”
“I don't need a babysitter.” He glares in my direction, his mouth tight.
“From what I've seen, you need a jail cell.”
He eases back into traffic and doesn't say anything else the whole way home, which is fine by me. Nothing he can say at this point will matter. 
After we arrive at his house, he lifts off his helmet and stares at where he thinks I stand. Totally in the wrong direction. I hover a foot off the ground to his left and he looks to the right. “It's not what you think,” he says with a tired sigh.
“Oh really?”
With a heavy shrug, he kicks the kickstand, and then throws his leg over the bike.
I have to be honest here. Watching his thigh muscles bulge under his Levis distracts me... momentarily. His blue eyes sparkle in the bright sunlight, and his full lips curl into a grimace. I can't quit staring. Just because I don't trust boys doesn't mean I'm not attracted to them in other, dysfunctional ways. I've never had a serious boyfriend, but I want guys to like me. I need them to like me. I don't understand it, and probably need therapy.
He drops down on the porch and rests his helmet on his thigh. “We're out of money. My dad's out of town. We're out of groceries, and if I don't pay the electric bill tomorrow, they'll turn off our power. I don't have a job right now. Okay? I'm looking, but haven't found anything yet. I have to do this.”
“Nice. Try the sympathy card.” I cross my arms over my chest and glare. “It's not going to work.”
He curses, his hands in a fist, and then stomps inside the house.
“Excuse me? You can't talk to me like that!” 
He ignores me and slams the door in my face.
Like it can block me. I slide through the closed door to see him standing at the kitchen table, breathing hard.
“I can talk however I want,” he says, his back to me. “And I didn't say any of that to get your sympathy.” He turns to face the door. “I just thought you might understand.” We face off in the small kitchen, neither of us wanting to give in. “You're a real piece of work. You know that?” 
“Fine,” I say. “Be stupid. Rob someone. Take things that aren't yours, things that are probably precious keepsakes, and give them to your idiot friend.”
His expression falls. He holds onto the back of a kitchen chair, his knuckles white, looking like he wants to explain, but then he straightens and gives his head a hopeless shake. “Whatever.” He runs down the stairs, taking them two at a time.
I let him go, and I go back outside, wishing I could feel the sun's warmth on my face. I feel warmth, but it's not the same as really feeling it. It's the same with cold. It's there. I can sense it, but it doesn't bite my skin or feel uncomfortable.
 To my right, I hear the squeal of children and notice the playground nearby. The two girls who ate lunch with Brecken are there. The youngest is on a little merry-go-round with a couple of other kids. Faded red paint is worn thin under their feet. The older girl sits in a swing, barely moving, but keeping her eye on the younger one. 
I wander over and sit in the swing beside the older girl, her long, dark hair reaching past her waist. She looks up and the sun catches her blue eyes—deep pools of sadness. Almost identical to Brecken's. She watches her little sister, silent and waiting.
I push back in the swing, but it doesn't move. I always loved swing sets and I ache to feel that roller coaster tug in the pit of my stomach after going too high. Instead, I sit still, bored and frustrated. “So, you're Brecken's sister?”
She doesn't answer. I didn't think she would, but maybe Brecken's talent runs in the family. “Okay. I'm going to ask you some questions. If the answer is yes, push back on the swing. If no, just stay where you are. Got that? Back for yes, stay for no. All right. Here we go.”
I pause for a moment, thinking of the things I most want to know. I decide to start with an easy question. “Are you a brat like Brecken?” 
The girl pauses and after a couple seconds, pushes back with her foot, setting the swing in motion.
“Good!” I knew it. She has that sassy-britches expression just like her brother. I think for a moment then ask, “Do you like where you live?” 
She lets the swing slow to a standstill. I don't blame her. The neighborhood is a dive, not to mention rundown, dusty, and altogether ugly. “Okay. Time to tell me about Brecken. Is he a nice brother?” 
The swing moves, but she keeps her toe on the ground as she swivels back and forth. I take that for a kind of. “Hmm. Are you two close?”
Again the swing moves, but this time hard. The girl leans back, her face determined. She pumps the swing a few times before letting it slow again. Anger radiates from her, pricking me like darts. What is she so angry at? 
“Okay, okay. I get it.” I don't know the details, but I can tell this girl is hurting terribly. 
The other little girl runs up to the swings, a wide smile spreading across her dimpled cheeks. “Heidi. Will you push me?” 
Hmm. Heidi. Cute name. “Heidi, say your sister's name for me, please.” 
Heidi stops swinging and frowns. “I'm not really in the mood,” she says to the little girl.
“Please. Just once?” 
“Fine, but you have to make my bed for me.”
The little girl's expression dips, a frown taking the place of her smile, but she climbs onto the last swing in line and waits.
“Say her name, Heidi,” I say again.
“Come on, Sophie. You don't have to pout.” Heidi gets up from her swing and gives Sophie a half-hearted push.
“Good job, Heidi! Thank you.” 
The two stay on the swings for a few minutes more, and I watch them interact. I always wanted a sister and luckily found one in Natty. Thinking of her brings a smile to my face. We loved going to the local park and sitting on the swings. A rush of memories comes to mind. All of them good. 
Soon, Heidi and Sophie became bored and run off to play on the sun-faded big-toy across the field, dust puffing up around their feet as they race. What a crappy, depressing park. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
~The Break-in~
Alisa

After Brecken's sisters run off to play, I decide to take the easy way back instead of walking. I close my eyes and concentrate, but I don't appear in Brecken's house—which is what I expect—but in a dingy, smoke-filled living room. 
Not his. 
Sunlight filters through the ratty, brown curtains and onto a dark, shag carpet. I can't tell what color it was originally, but now it's throw-up, orangish-brown. Brecken sits on a couch with large holes in the worn, tangerine fabric. His feet are propped up on the scuffed coffee table, and his arm is draped around a girl—Jill. A joint dangles in his other hand. 
How did he leave his house without me knowing? Sneaky little devil.
He brings the joint to his lips, taking a long inhalation, and then laughs when someone tells a stupid joke. He seems strangely relaxed with the four other teens who laze around the room too, puffing away. Loud music blares from a stereo in the corner, and empty beer bottles lay scattered over every surface. I definitely should have stayed with his sisters.
I march over and stand before him. “This place is disgusting. Why would you even want to be here?” I cross my arms over my chest and glare, hoping he can see me.
He freezes, the butt halfway to his mouth. With narrow eyes, his lips tighten and he clenches his jaw, leans forward, snuffs out the joint and grumbles.
“If you have something to say, just spit it out,” I say. “What exactly are you doing here?” I stare at the homemade cigarette in his fingers. “You're smoking weed? Are you freaking kidding me?” I am fully aware that kids in high school smoke marijuana, but I never did. Not that I was a goody-goody—as if that's a bad thing—but compared to Brecken, I was the freakin' pope.
“Great,” he growls, rising from the couch.
“Aw Brecky, don't leave,” Jill whines, snuggling deeper into his side. “We're just getting started.” She pouts, her lips turning down at the corners. 
“I know. Sorry, but I need to go.”
“Where?” a boy across the room asks. His sandy-blonde dreadlocks haven't been washed in a month. Neither have his jeans with holes in the knees. His feet are bare just like his chest. He takes a swig from a dark bottle.
“Just somewhere, Jeff,” Brecken answers, grabbing his helmet beside the front door.
“Get me some too!” Jeff calls with a chuckle. 
Brecken hurries to his motorcycle and turns the key, ignoring his friend. 
I hop on the back, not about to be left behind, not that I would stay here, but whatever. This just seems easier and like Anaita said, I like the easy road best.
He peels out and automatically my arms go around his waist. I pull back, not wanting to sit close enough to touch him. “Where are we going?” I yell into the wind. 
If he hears me, he doesn't answer. 
“I need you to leave,” he says, pulling into a deserted parking lot. “Get off.”
“You want to dump me here in the middle of nowhere?” I can’t believe he's kicking me off his bike. I shouldn't take it personally, but I do—like I'm defective in some way.
Rejected, I get off. He smiles and takes off down the road at break-neck speed. Then it hits me. He's going to commit his crime. I don't know how I know it, but I do. With frightening clarity.
The sun descends and brilliant colors of pink and orange paint the early evening sky. It should be a beautiful, peaceful moment. Instead, an intense, jittery feeling consumes me, like I've had too much caffeine. I feel sick, like I've already failed.
I close my eyes, hating the fact that I have to go chasing after Brecken. I hate following him like a pathetic, lost puppy, begging for his master's attention, but I have to try one more time.
Just like always, I feel that tug in my center and immediately I appear at his side on a backyard porch. 
A pool glistens behind us, reflecting the pastel colors of the radiant sky. A fenced basketball court sits off to our right surrounded by wide, green lawns, and a wrought iron table and chairs are situated left of the door. The morning paper still flutters in the late afternoon breeze.
“Brecken, please don't do this.”
He stops, his hand on the brass handle. “Go away.”
“I can't.” I'm not sure what else to say. 
“Then wait here.” He pushes the door open and steps inside. I follow him into a wide, open kitchen with stainless steel fixtures and white cupboards. 
It’s one of the most beautiful kitchens I've ever seen. “Wow.” 
Brecken ignores me and hurries to a long staircase. He runs up to the first floor and pushes open a bedroom door. 
That's when the rumbling starts. He freezes, and I try to pinpoint the source of the familiar sound. “Garage door,” I whisper in horror.
Brecken hesitates momentarily, then turns and flies down the stairs, ready to tear through the front door, but seeing someone's distorted form through the beveled glass, he runs back toward the kitchen. I follow him, fearful of getting caught as though I am the one performing the robbery. My mind races, thinking only of escape.
The front door opens behind us. A mother's voice rings through the halls all the way to the kitchen. “Take off your shoes, Chloe.” She sounds happy, full of energy. The way my mother used to sound. She has no idea we are there, no idea she should be afraid, that a thief is in her house, her haven, her safe place. 
I glance at Brecken. Instead of the angry, guiltless expression of a seasoned criminal, I see dread, remorse, sadness, and terror. He doesn't hide or search for a weapon to hurt the woman with. He doesn't grab anything valuable. 
He runs. 
Runs like the hounds of hell are after him. He pulls open the back door with lightning speed, barrels across the backyard past the pool, and then amazingly, he vaults over a six-foot vinyl fence, tearing through a side yard where his motorcycle waits. He straddles the seat and turns the key. The bike revs to life, and Brecken drives away, his dark hair whipping around his horrified face. 
I don't go with him, but study the house where his bike had been parked. It takes only a moment, but I quickly realize that it's the same house where he got the envelope of money.
Nice neighbor.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
~Despair~
Brecken

The theft is a complete bust and Brecken is beyond embarrassed and ashamed. His stomach twists and his heart aches as he drives up to the campground at the mouth of the canyon and turns into a small parking lot. He pulls off his helmet with an exhausted sigh and sets it on his knee.
Searching his surroundings, he decides to take a walk down the deserted path, and stops at the third picnic area on the right. He stares at the scenery. The familiarity of the trees, the fire-pit, the shallow stream. Without warning, tears spring to his eyes. His family used to come here every Sunday. Every weekend before...
He remembers holding a hotdog over the fire on a flimsy Willow branch. His sisters were little and had to have help. He felt so big and important, and proud that his parents would let him do it alone. Those peaceful, sunset-filled nights are over, never to be relived except in his mind.
What does his mother think now? Does she know how lost he feels? Is she the reason the guardians keep coming? 
At first, he liked the “guardians”, as they call themselves. They would play games with him when he was little and make him laugh. His parents thought it was sweet that he played with invisible friends. When he grew older, it wasn't funny anymore, and over the last few years, the guardians started driving him crazy. He hated having them watching over his shoulder, and all they did was criticize, correct him, and tell him what a loser he'd become.
Sitting on a bench, Brecken stares into the water. He'd give anything to go back in time, to be able to change the future, to save his mom. But that isn't possible, and dreaming about it won't change anything. He clenches his teeth and wipes his cheeks.
He doesn't know where to turn or what to do next. If he gets caught stealing, he'll go to jail. He knows that, and he's old enough to be prosecuted as an adult. Who would take care of his sisters? His aunt lives nearby, but she's busy with her own family. Brecken's dad makes everything sound fine to friends and relatives.
Well, they aren't fine, and Brecken is at the end of his rope.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
~A Raging Heart~
Alisa

 A short time later, I find Brecken sitting at a picnic table in a scenic, tree-filled canyon. His bike is parked in the nearby parking lot, and his helmet rests on the bench beside him. With a hanging head, he props his arms over his knees. He looks miserable. 
As well he should.
I sit next to him, not knowing what to say. I glance around. A stream runs through the center of the peaceful mountain park, and picnic tables are strategically placed throughout with fire pits close by. Green and refreshing—it is the first place I've been where I feel comfortable. “Wow. I love it. What is this place?”
He pushes away from the table and sits farther away on a large boulder. He runs his fingers through his dark hair, making the sun glisten against the silky strands. “I can't do this,” he says, ignoring my question.
“Thank heavens,” I sigh in relief. “That was terrible.”
He rubs his hands up and down his face. “I just... I just don't know what to do anymore.”
I move over beside him. I can't take his sad expression and slumped shoulders anymore. I place my hand on his arm tentatively. Will he shrug me away? Will he reject me again? He doesn't. He doesn't even act like he can feel me.
Feelings of frustration and hopelessness wash over me, followed by shame and embarrassment for what he's just done. All the heartbreak, the deep sense of responsibility, and hopelessness at his situation crash into me like a wild ocean wave. 
I let go of his arm to clear my mind of all the overwhelming grief he's just dumped on me. “Oh, Brecken... I didn't know.”
“It's not your problem.”
“It is,” I say, shaking my head. “I just didn't realize you were so unhappy.”
“I'm not unhappy. I'm irritated. I need money, and I don't want you following me around, ruining my life. I don't want people to look at me like I'm a freak, and I don't want to start taking my meds again, which is exactly what will happen if you're around, hounding me all the time.”
“Don't sugarcoat it or anything.” I don't need his permission to be here, but it feels like I do. It's like high school all over again, and a deep ache fills my heart. I hate myself for letting his comment sting. What do I care if he wants me around or not? 
Because... just because. 
Granted, I watched him do something really stupid and almost get caught. He's embarrassed. Ashamed. He's lashing out. But Raphael should have sent an adult guardian to this damaged kid. I don't know how to handle Brecken, how to influence him, or how to make a difference.
“Hey, don't take it personal,” he says, as though he can read my mind. “I don't want any of you around.”
I turn, angry at his flippant tone. “And how do you think I feel? I can't stand guys like you.”
“Guys like me? What's that supposed to mean?” He searches the campsite, looking for me.
“Druggies, drunks, grease heads, losers!” I know as soon as the words leave my mouth that I shouldn't have said them. But when it comes to boys, I get offended easily. I don't trust them, and I refuse to let one hurt me now. “You're all alike!” I blurt. “Perverts and liars.” Well, except for my dad and brothers, but they are exceptions to the rule.
 He stares at where he thinks I stand, his face a mask of controlled rage. “You don't know me. You have no idea who I am or where I come from. You can't judge me.” His eyes narrow, and he calls me a few choice names, then stalks away, further up the mountain path.
He's right, but I'm too angry to apologize. Angry at being dead, angry at Natty for dying and leaving me, and angry that I had to see Mr. Roland again. 
Ever since I've been back from my visit to Soul Prison, I can't think straight. Mr. Roland's horrid memory taunts me, always at the back of my mind. The whole situation feels massively overwhelming. I let my face fall into my hands as sorrow washes over me.
A soft hand presses against my shoulder. “Alisa.”
I turn to see Gram's warm smile, the light around her, radiant and sparkling. I throw myself into her arms and let my heartache out. She pats my back, murmuring sweet things like she used to. “I know it's hard, dear, but there is a solution.”
I pull back and gaze into her eyes. “A solution?”
“Of course, Alisa. There's always a solution. Forgiveness. That is the only way.” She nods, smoothing my hair and kissing my forehead. 
“Forgiveness? But Brecken didn’t really say anything wrong. I deserve what he said.”
She smiles and takes my head. “I'm not talking about your charge, Alisa.”
I'm confused for a moment, and then I know who she is talking about. I pull away, feeling betrayed. Why would she bring him up? She knows nothing about it. I never confided in her, my closest relative, about the terrible abuse I suffered at Mr. Roland's hands. I'm not about to forgive him, and no one who's gone through what I did would tell me to.
She takes my hand again. “You're letting the abuse continue by not letting it go. You have to let it go. Once you do, you'll be free. It affects everything, Alisa. Everything. This is part of the process.”
I yank away. She doesn't understand. She wasn't the one raped by her neighbor, and then locked in the closet while her best friend was raped too. She wasn't smacked repeatedly across the face, or tortured with all the bad things he'd do to my family if I told. She wasn't the one violated and betrayed. She didn't hide in fear under the bed while listening to her dearest friend scream in agony.
 “I don't care, Gram! I hate him. I will always hate him. I'm glad he's roasting in hell, and I hope he stays there forever. I will never forgive him! Never!” 
I stalk away. It's the first time I've ever walked out on my grandmother, but I don't care. 
I have bigger problems to deal with.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
~Realization~
Alisa
I worry all the next day. Worry about my mom, worry about my brothers, and worry about failing this assignment. 
Brecken and I don't speak of the break-in again, although it's always the white elephant in the room. I also worry about the advice Gram gave me at the canyon park. Her words stick in my head like tiny parasites, nibbling away, and I can't get them out. The more I try to ignore the whole thing about forgiveness, the louder it screams in my mind. 
How am I going to focus when I can't stop thinking about Mr. Roland? I killed myself so I would stop thinking about him and all my other grief, and here I am, still tormented.
It's Saturday, so I don't have to follow Brecken to school, but to be honest, I would have preferred to be there. Less opportunity for him to get into trouble, or for me to watch him get into trouble.
Thankfully, he slept in and now reclines on the sofa, eating cold cereal. Saturday morning cartoons blare on the TV, and Heidi and Sophie move around the kitchen getting breakfast too. It almost feels like home, and I yearn to taste the crispy sweetness of Brecken's Fruit Loops too. 
Crunchy cereal, ice-cold milk. Yum.
“So, what are we doing today?” I ask, my eyes riveted to SpongeBob. “Hopefully not rob the neighbors.”
“We aren't doing anything. Fun or otherwise.”
I roll my eyes at his comment. Like he can do anything about it. “I'm going to follow you wherever you go, so please make the day as interesting as possible.” I smile conspiratorially because it's not too bright in the living room. Maybe he can see my wicked grin.
“Huh? What did you say?” Heidi asks, finishing her cereal. “We're going to do something fun? Oh, please yes. I'm so bored.”
He glances at her over the back of the couch. “Uh... ”
“Can we go to the zoo?” Sophie asks, jumping out of her seat and running over to Brecken. “I haven't been to the zoo in forever!”
Brecken turns to me, or to where I am sitting at least, and scowls. He doesn't say anything, but glances at Sophie's hopeful face. “Let me see how much money Dad left. Okay?”
“Yippee!” Sophie claps her hands and runs to her room. “I'm going to wear my new pink shorts,” she calls over her shoulder.
“Can I invite a friend?” Heidi asks. “It's boring with just you and Sophie.”
She is obviously growing up, and I don't blame her for wanting to bring a friend. I would have wanted that at her age too, and the zoo sounds like a fun, safe place to hang out for the day.
“I'm not paying for anyone else,” Brecken answers. “She'll have to bring her own money, but I guess I don't care.”
“Cool.” Heidi hurries to the phone and begins punching numbers as she walks down the hall to her room.
“That was really nice of you.” I recline, laying my arm on the back of the couch. “You're a really good brother.”
He snorts and looks away. “And mother, and father, and babysitter.”
“Where is your dad anyway?” I haven't seen him since I arrived.
“He works. A lot. And he's out of town at the moment.” Brecken grabs the remote and starts flipping through the channels.
“My dad works a lot too, but he is always home at night. I miss that—seeing him come in and plop down beside me, asking me about my day. What does your dad do?”
“What does yours do?” he counters, avoiding my question. Very clever.
“Um, my dad is an accountant. Pretty boring, but he likes to take us rafting and camping and stuff like that.” The more I think about it, the sadder I feel. I'll never go camping again. I'll never sit by a smoky fire making s'mores, or get to sleep on the hard ground in a tent again. I turn away even though I'm pretty sure he can't see my sorrow.
“You were lucky. We never do that.”
“Why not?”
With a sigh, Brecken answers. “Because my dad can't take time off. We're still paying tons of medical bills from my mom's hospital stay. We don't have insurance. Dad runs his own business and... why am I telling you this? It doesn't even matter.” He throws the remote down and stands up.
“Who are you talking to?” Heidi says, returning from her bedroom. 
“No one.”
She stands before him, her arms crossed, her hip jutted to the side. I almost laugh. She looks just like me with my brothers. “Are you taking your pills?” she asks.
I can tell Brecken is tempted to say something rude, because there's nothing more irritating than a little brother or sister telling you what to do, but to my surprise, he says nothing. He turns and pounds down the stairs to his bedroom.
Heidi frowns and goes into the bathroom. The shower turns on and music blasts. Since I don't want to sit in the living room alone, I head downstairs and walk in to Brecken's room right as he's taking off his t-shirt. His arms are in the air, the shirt wrapped around his wrists.
“Ahh!” I scream, turning away. “Get dressed!”
He laughs. “What? You've never seen a guy's chest before?” He flexes his arms, proud of his bulging biceps. “One as awesome as this?”
 My automatic reaction is not what he expects. Nor what I expect either. It's not that I'm unimpressed, or even shy. The problem is that when I see nakedness of any kind, I think of Mr. Roland. It makes me sick, and even though it's not fair to Brecken, that's how it plays out.
Gram is right. I'm letting the abuse continue. I've never had a normal relationship with a boy during my life, and the fact that I keep reliving those horrible moments with Mr. Roland, prove her point. I can't even look at a hot guy like Brecken without getting upset or grossed out. I need help, but where do you get it once you're dead? 
“Get dressed!” I command again, jabbing my finger at him.
“I am,” he says, clearly disappointed. “You're the one who's not supposed to be here. What do you care anyway? Don't guardian angels get to see everything? There are no secrets, right?”
“Oh, I hope not,” I say, waiting outside his door. “And I already told you. I'm not an angel. Just a guardian. And speaking of that, can you please tell me what the big obstacle is that you're facing, so I can help you overcome it and get out of here?” I rest my head against the cement wall, waiting. 
When he doesn't say anything, I sneak a peek into his room. He sits on a chair, his dirty t-shirt wadded in his fist, lines of worry etched on his face. His lips pulled down into an anxious frown.
“What's wrong?” I ask, forgetting myself and hurrying over to kneel beside him. As soon as his eyes lift to mine, I sense the overwhelming feelings of stress and exhaustion. I place my hand on his and say what I've never said to any other guy in my whole life. “It's going to be okay. I'm... here for you.”
Just then, darkness envelops the house. 
The power has gone out.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
~No Confession~
Alisa

My eyes adjust instantly to the sudden darkness, and I can see perfectly, but I freeze, kneeling beside Brecken. He jumps up and runs right past me to the stairs. 
I hear Sophie crying. “The microwave won't work,” she sniffs, holding an uncooked bowl of oatmeal.
Brecken puts his arm around his little sister, and then glances at me. “I told you so.” 
“You did?” Sophie answers, wiping her wet cheeks.
“It's still no reason to resort to crime,” I mumble.
“Not you, honey. I'm talking to my... my imaginary friend,” Brecken says, consoling his little sister.
Heidi walks in, shaking her head in disgust. “I'm so sick of this. I'm calling Dad.” 
“Maybe he'll wire us some money.” Brecken heaves a heavy sigh and falls onto the couch, his legs draped over the side. “This is so stupid!”
By one o'clock that afternoon, Brecken's dad has promised to send enough money to pay not only their power bill, but to buy groceries too. There is even enough to go to the zoo. But while we wait to hear back from the bank, Brecken and I visit in living room. The girls play outside.
“Now do you understand the situation we're in?” Brecken says. “My dad can't always send money when he's gone.” He leans over his knees, his hand shielding his eyes. “And the bank's only open in the morning on Saturdays. I hope they hurry.”
“Yeah, I get it, but it doesn't change the fact that if you'd been caught, you could have gone to jail,” I say. “Would that be better for Heidi and Sophie?”
Silence fills the room and Brecken refuses to answer. He knows I'm right, but doesn't want to admit it. My heart softens and I lean forward, sure he can see me. 
“It worked out this time.” I pat his hand, not sure if I should continue where I left off downstairs in his room. Against my better judgment, I do. “I meant what I said before. You can trust me. I... can be a friend.” I don't know why I promise this. I hardly like him, and I can’t wait to leave. I have no patience for his life of crime, but the words come unbidden from my heart, so I let them spill like cool water over a parched earth. They have the desired effect.
He gazes softly into my eyes and smiles. “You know, I don't have any regular friends who are girls.”
“Why?” I ask, tempted to add something sarcastic. I refrain.
He looks away and rolls his eyes. 
“I've never had any guy friends either.”
He glances at me, surprised and suspicious. He wonders if I'm lying. I can feel it, but he laughs and shakes his head. 
“Nope. Never,” I say, reinforcing the truth.
“Why?”
“Uh... ” I'm not about to tell him the truth, that a lot of my hang-ups are connected to Mr. Roland, who has infiltrated my personal life. Since I died, I've learned that many of the decisions I've made were tainted because of him. 
A rush of hate barrels through me. I stamp it down, trying to concentrate on Brecken instead of myself for once. Brecken looks vulnerable, and I have an overwhelming feeling of compassion for him—a result of my job as his guardian, I'm sure—and I really do want to help him, but my secrets are my own, and I'll keep them that way.
“Are you gay?” he asks, trying to playfully shove me. Instead, his hand goes right through me. “Are there such things as gay angels?” A wry smile appears on his face. 
“No, I'm not gay, and I already told you. I'm not an angel.” I move over to the door with my arms crossed over my chest. “Plus, being gay doesn't stop you from having friends of the opposite sex.” I shouldn't have said that. Now he'll ask what my reason is, and I don’t want to tell him. Maybe this is a good time to leave and be by myself. I'm not supposed to do that, but it's what comes natural. 
“Alisa, wait.”
With pursed lips, I turn, looking straight into his eyes. They seem so deep and black in the dim light. Something flutters in my chest and the urge to touch his hand pulls at me. Scowling, I push those weird feelings away.
“Tell me how you died.”
I stare at him for a long moment, my mouth frozen, my mind blank. I don't want to admit the truth. That I'd been so weak, so depressed and lonely, that I couldn't hack it. It seems like a pathetic excuse now. All people have problems. All people struggle. Most don't go out and end their lives because of it.
He walks forward, his hand reaching out. It goes right through mine, but the sensation shakes me like an electric shock. Compassion, caring, and understanding warm through my soul, softening my resolve, melting my determination to leave. 
He feels these things for me. 
I study his face, his eyes—his unruly bangs that flop over his forehead. Who is this guy? He doesn't seem like an unfeeling/druggy-loser to me anymore. He doesn't feel like a boy who sleeps around, gets drunk, or beats people up. Brecken—despite his wild behavior and appearance to the outside world—is kind, generous, and loving. If I can help him clean up his act even more, he'll be amazing.
He leans forward, his face serious. He really wants to know my story. “You can tell me, Alisa. I'll understand.”
He might, but I can't risk it no matter how much I want to help him, no matter how much I want him to trust me or like me. Shaking my head and giving him a look of apology, I blink my eyes and disappear.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
~No Relief~
Alisa

Once again, I flee home. I curl up on my bed in a ball like I used to when life seemed overwhelming. Gram's words come back to me again. Mr. Roland interrupts my life. How can I forgive someone who did something so heinous that my every waking moment is torment and my every nightmare carries his face? I don't know how to let go. I don't know how to heal.
After a while, I sit up. The house is quiet, so I peek into my parent's room, and then check Ty's room, two doors down from mine. All empty. I debate floating through the floor to Derek's room, but I'll just find the same thing. Nothing.
I have to get back to my work, but for a moment more, I bask in the familiarity I miss so much, floating to the living room, and running my fingers across the ivory keys of our grand piano. I come to rest on the hard, black bench, all the music I've memorized rushing to the forefront of my mind. I yearn to hear that music streaming from my fingers again... but I can't press the keys. I can’t do anything without a body. I threw mine away, and now more than ever, I wish for it back.
Wallowing in self-pity, I drown in my misery until I can’t stand to be with myself any longer. I have to do something. In the past, I would have called Natty. Where is a heavenly phone when you need one? As soon as the thought crosses my mind, the unnerving tug and pull of spirit travel pulls me from my house in an unwelcome flash of energy. 
A moment later, I find myself in the all-too-familiar living room of Natty's old house. The house that has become a memory of torture for both her and me.
For a moment, I stand frozen, anticipating hyperventilation. Memories whirl in a tornado of confusion. Why did I come here? 
I search the room. Very little has changed. The same flower-print couch rests against the back wall; the same matching end tables hold the same brass lamps. The painted walls now sport a lighter shade of brown, and there's hardwood where carpet used to be, but that is the only difference.
Some strange force in the pit of my soul pulls me down the long hall toward Natty's old bedroom. I stand in the threshold and peek in, seeing light blue, newly painted walls with baseball posters tacked up. There's a toy-box in the corner. The unmade bed screams this is no longer Natty's room.
I back up and glance toward the kitchen—sick curiosity taking hold of me. There's a door in there that leads to the basement, and like all horror movies, all the bad stuff happened in the basement.
I can't stop myself even though every fiber of my being cries out for me to turn around and run. The brass door handle is locked. Has that lock always been there? It's been years since I've been down there, and I certainly don't want to go down now, so why do I feel compelled to descend these stairs?
Pushing through the door, I take that first step. Darkness envelopes me, but I see with perfect clarity. Spider webs hang from the rafters with eerie daintiness—their delicate threads decorating the ceiling with scalloped dust. I enter the room of horrors—a ten by twelve area of cement and two-by-fours. Memories smash their way through my brain, forcing me to re-experience those tortured moments with stunning accuracy. 
I'm twelve years old, wearing a pink and white sundress my mom sewed for my birthday. I sit on a wooden crate down in the basement where Mr. Roland led me. I watch him approach, a sticky-sweet smile on his puffy, flushed face.
“I'm so glad you came over today,” he says. “Natty gets so lonely.” He moves closer and squats before me, his hands resting on my bare knees.
Vomit rises in my throat, but I'm too afraid to cry out or show my fear. My breathing hitches, and I hug my arms close to my chest. 
Maybe he won't hurt me today. Maybe he's just being friendly. Maybe he'll take my hand and lead me upstairs into the safety of the afternoon sunshine.
“I get lonely too,” he says, his hand sliding up my leg.
Instantly, raw fear, so powerful I can't control it, takes over. I come back to the present, screaming with feral terror, falling to my knees. Dry sobs wrench violently through my mind. I can hardly think, can hardly stand to relive it.
“Help me,” I whisper to whoever is listening. In the blink of an eye, I materialize back in Idir Shaol, rocked to the soothing tones of Gram's voice.
“Shh, darling. Everything will be all right.”
***
I don't know how long I sit there, wrapped in the comfort of Gram's arms, but after a moment, I pull back and gaze into her bright blue eyes. “I'm a basket case,” I say, feeling like I should be wiping tears from my face.
“No, you're perfectly normal.”
“Now you're lying.” I smile and look down at my hands clasped in my lap. “I don't even know what normal is.”
“It's you,” she says, smoothing back my hair.
“I think you're right, Gram. About Mr. Roland, I mean.”
“I know,” she whispers, squeezing my hand. “You'll get there. Don't worry.”
I'm not sure I believe her. I don’t know if I'll ever get there; if I'll ever be purged of the hate and anger I feel toward that vile man. “I should get back. Brecken probably needs me.”
Gram faces me with a proud grin. “Yes. That is exactly what you should do. I'm so proud of you, Alisa. You've grown so much.”
“You think?”
“Oh, yes. You're doing wonderfully.” She takes my face in her hands and kisses me, then draws me in for a hug. “I'll see you again soon.”
I smile and squeeze back. “I love you so much.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
~New Resolve~
Brecken

Brecken stares at the empty space where Alisa just stood. She's gone. Just like that. Just like always. 
Somehow, she has gotten under his skin, and his desire to make her leave is wavering. And then what does she do? She leaves of her own accord when he doesn't want her to. He kind of likes having her around... just to hear her sarcastic comments that make him laugh, not that he would ever admit it to her. 
But he can tell she is holding back, not wanting to share her story. He understands. He feels the same way most of the time. The less people know, the easier life is. But Alisa makes him want to talk, to share. He wants to unburden his heartache, his worries, to her. He feels she might understand, that she'll be there for him, just like she said. Can he trust her? He wants to. 
He thinks back to their last moment. The sadness in her eyes and the slump of her shoulders as she disappeared. She's hurting. He can feel it, and he wants to help her to heal. 
A part of him forgives her for leaving when things get uncomfortable. But another part of him grows irritated. It seems that leaving is her answer to everything. For once, he'd like to see her be strong, the way she always nags him to be. 
The hypocrisy of their situation slaps him hard in the face. She wants him to turn his life around and be a “good boy,” yet she has some serious issues she won't admit or confront either, let alone talk to him about.
The more he thinks about it, the more frustrating it gets. He'll tell her exactly what he thinks when she comes back. But right now, he needs to focus on his sisters. He doesn't want to ruin their day with a bad attitude. His mother's sweet voice and calming words come to mind. “Wherever you go, no matter the weather, always bring your own sunshine.” She'd heard it somewhere and had loved it, repeating it to them daily. He couldn't forget the quote even if he tried.
He forces a smile and calls to his sisters. “Get your stuff, guys. It's time to go.” They'll go to the zoo, eat hot dogs, watch the elephants, and have a wonderful time. Brecken intends to force himself to have fun, to be fun, to laugh and act like he hasn't a care in the world... for his sisters. 

CHAPTER THIRTY
~A Day at the Zoo~
Alisa

With a sigh, I appear in the backseat of an old Ford Taurus. Their mom's old car. I sit beside Sophie as she holds a doll and whispers to herself as she plays. Heidi and Brecken sit in the front, neither saying much. After a few minutes, we pull up to a beautiful, red brick home with three white gables and a black front door that gleams in the sun. Lovely shrubbery decorates the yard and walkway. The house oozes money. I almost expect a doorman to appear.
“Just one sec,” Heidi says, jumping out of the car. “I'll get her.”
A moment later, a girl Heidi's age bounds out the front door, her blonde A-line surrounding her creamy-white face. She wears expensive clothes I recognize. The kind I used to wear. Sketchers, Abercrombie and Fitch shorts, an Aeropostale t-shirt. A cute little clutch hangs over one shoulder. 
I miss clothes like that.
“Hi Madison!” Sophie calls from the back seat. 
The door opens beside me and Heidi slides in, pushing me to the middle, letting Madison sit in front beside Brecken. The girl stares at him, and I can't help but giggle at her obvious infatuation. 
Brecken's head whips around, searching for the creator of that giggle. I duck down, not that it matters. It's too bright for him to see me. Although I'm pretty sure he senses me in the back seat.
“What's the matter, Breck?” Heidi asks. “Who are you looking for?”
He catches her eye and shakes his head. “Just thought I saw... a car coming. No big deal.”
Heidi turns and looks out the back window. “Well, let's go before it gets too hot.”
***
A fresh breeze blows softly as we meander along the Zoo's winding paths. I stay behind, following in Brecken's wake, watching the dynamics of this little family. Tall trees sway and aromatic flowers grow with abundance. The reptile building smells musky, the sour odor surrounding us like a cloud. Even in my spirit state, I can smell it. 
I watch Brecken, amazed at the way he treats his sisters—so patient, so... nice. Granted, my brothers mostly treated me the same way, but Brecken... well, he just doesn't look the type. He looks like the guy who will snarl and hiss if you get too close. 
I step close—so close I can smell his cologne. I take a deep whiff, liking whatever it is he wears, wishing I could smell it better. He turns, hearing my inhalation, but doesn't say anything. 
I can still hear Heidi saying, “Did you take your pill?”
What will he do if I tease him like I used to tease my own brothers, I wonder, feeling playful. I miss that lighthearted bantering and want to have a little fun. I place my hand on top of his head and try to ruffle his hair. I can't really mess it up. I don't know how to move objects—if that's even possible, but Brecken knows I'm there.
He swirls around, dropping Sophie's hand, accidentally smacking Madison on the arm.
“Ow!” she howls. “What are you doing?”
He searches the area, smoothing his hair. “Nothing. It was... my hair's messy.”
“I don't think your hair could get any messier,” Heidi says with a derisive chuckle.
“Very funny,” he says.
“I like your hair, Brecken. I think it's cool.” Madison grins up at him with eyes of adoration. She sidles up, standing closer than necessary.
Once we start walking again, I take Brecken's hand in mine. This was my favorite thing to do with my older brother, Derek. He'd always try to shake away, irritated. I loved embarrassing him. Just like I suspect, Brecken jumps and tries to shake me away. I laugh in spite of myself. He dances around looking like an acrobat. 
The girls stop and stare. 
When Brecken realizes he is the center of attention, he stops, taking a deep breath. “I'm going to the restroom. I'll catch up to you at the giraffes.”
The girls scowl and walk off without him. Madison is clearly disappointed.
“Oh man. That was funny!” I laugh and slap my knee. “You should have seen your face.” I do my best impression of him, dancing around, shaking my contaminated hand.
“Cute. Real cute and very mature.” He walks the other way, a few four-letter words drifting on the air back to me.
“Oh, come on, Brecken. I was just playing.”
“No. You're trying to make me look stupid, like I really do need medication, and I don't like it.” He stares hard in my direction. 
I stick out my chin. “Fine. Be a baby. Whatever.”
Brecken's eyes squint and he walks away. 
I follow. “Geez. I just wanted to have some fun. I miss my brothers. That's all. I didn't mean to make you mad.”
He stops abruptly and turns. “You have brothers?”
“Uh, yeah.”
“Really?” He crosses his arms over his chest. “What are their names?”
Does he not believe me? Does he think I'm lying? Why does he even care? These aren't questions a charge is supposed to ask their guardian. Charges aren't even supposed to see their guardian! This whole thing isn't right. “Tyler and Derek,” I say, finally.
“Uh huh. Older or younger?” 
With a sigh, I say, “Ty is twelve and Derek is eighteen. There. Happy?”
He smiles and continues up the trail. “For the moment.”
“So, there are three kids in your family?” I ask, wanting to learn as much about him as I can. Siblings seem like a safe place to start since he asked about mine.
“Yep.”
“And your mom died?” 
I'm rewarded with a nod. 
“I'm really sorry, Breck. My mom almost died the other day too. If I hadn't been there to—”
“What? When? Before you died or since you've been here with me?” 
“Uh, since I came to be with you,” I answer honestly.
“Wow,” he says. “I never thought about you people having families. Weird.”
“Well, I did have a life before you, you know. We don't just sit up there on pink clouds playing harps.”
A wry smile slides onto his face. “Good thing. All us mortals would go deaf.”
“Hey!” I say, laughing. “I took piano lessons my whole life. I rock on the piano.” I fold my arms across my chest, daring him to argue.
“I'd like to see that,” he says softly. “Really.”
The mood changes so quickly that I'm at a loss for words, but I want to share my latest dramas with someone. “Oh, Brecken. It was so cool seeing my family again. I miss them so much, but they're really screwed up, and I think it's my fault.” I shouldn't share these things, and there's nothing he can do to help anyway, but I'm so lonely for a friend who might understand. 
We stop under a gnarled tree and sit on a bench at the gorilla's encampment.
“I can see you,” he says, in wonder reaching out to touch me. “Tell me about your death, Alisa. Please. I want to know.” It's the pleading in his voice gets me. But does he want to know about my death, or death in general? I figure it's death in general. Because of his mom.
Facing him, I study his features for sincerity, and place my hand on his. His concern washes over me. I've never felt these emotions from anyone besides my family and Natty. How wonderful to feel it from him too.
“Well... I guess the only way to say it, is to say it right out.” I take a deep breath and jump, figuratively speaking. “I killed myself.”
“You... killed yourself?” He leans away in surprise. “Why would you do that?” He frowns, his expression going from astonishment, to horror, to anger. “So many people with horrible diseases are fighting to live. How could you do that to your family?” His expression turns from anger to disgust. Shock zings through me, and I can't think of a thing to say. This is not the reaction I anticipated.
“I thought you'd died of cancer or something.” He stands up and paces in a circle. “I can't believe it.”
“My best friend died of cancer a few months before me. My Grandmother, who I was super close to, died before that. I couldn’t deal with it. You don't know.” I plead for him to understand, my arms outstretched.
“That's just... selfish.”
He stares at me in astonishment, and I stare back, unable to move. The rejection burns like hot wax, slowly melting my confidence. Any feelings Brecken and I have developed up to this point are gone, and what I get from him now is contempt. I have no words for how much it hurts. 
“I can't have a guardian angel who committed suicide,” he whispers angrily. “I'm barely making it as it is! What help could you possibly be? You couldn’t even handle your own life.” 
He's right. I don't know anything. I hadn't known how to live myself. I'd copped out. Given up. I'm a failure, and now I'm supposed to show Brecken the way?
“I... I'm sorry,” I murmur.
He jerks away and storms down the path without looking back.

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
~Running Away~
Alisa

I don't go home. I can’t. No one is there anyway. I'm not sure where my brothers are, but I don't feel like looking for them. Instead, I picture Gram—her blue eyes, her white hair, her loving face. But instead of appearing at her side, I appear in Idir Shaol. Back to the place I most want to leave. 
I hurry to my cottage, wondering if they've given my bed away. As soon as I see my familiar blue and white quilt, relief floods through me. I fall onto the bedspread, hiding my face in its downy softness.
It isn't long before I feel a warm hand on my back.
“Alisa?”
I'm so embarrassed to be caught blubbering once again. “Shana?” Her soft expression and loving concern do me in and emotion gets the better of me. I start to cry. 
She puts her arms around me and pulls me close. “What happened?” 
“I can't do this. It's too hard. You have no idea. It's impossible. There's no way I can help him. I can't even help myself. Plus, he can see me and hear me too. Can you believe that?” I ramble on, complaining, crying, and generally feeling sorry for myself. When I finish, Shana brushes my hair back and smiles.
“He can see you? Wow. That's not normal, but... cool.”
“It's not cool. It makes it really hard. How am I supposed to influence him when he can ask me questions right back? He asked me how I died.”
“He did? What did you say?” Her face lights with interest and she slides closer.
I take a long breath, searching her eyes. “The truth. I told him the truth. I thought we were becoming friends. That he would understand. He didn't.”
“Oh, Alisa. I'm so sorry.” She hugs me again. “But you haven't failed yet. It's not uncommon for guardians to come back to Idir Shaol for various reasons during their assignment. Sometimes guardians need help or advice from Raphael.”
“Really? How come no one ever told me that?” I can’t believe they'd leave me in the dark about something so crucial. I thought I was totally on my own, and now betrayal hovers around me like an itchy blanket even though I try to push it away. 
She laughs and socks me gently in the arm like Natty used to. “Anaita talked about it during class. Remember?”
No. I don't remember. What a surprise.
“Come on,” she says. “Let's go see Raphael.”
***
Raphael reclines in his office chair, his fingers intertwined over his stomach. His serious expression does little to help me feel better, and he doesn't say anything. Just waits for me to talk.
“I didn't realize I could come back if I needed to. I must have missed that part in class.” Nervously I pick at my white robe, brushing off invisible dirt. “And uh, I want to talk about my charge. Um, I'm not sure I'm a good fit for this assignment.”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, because he can see and hear me.”
“Yes. I told you he had special abilities. Remember?” he says with zero emotion. 
I clear my throat and continue. “About that. I must have dozed off in our interview or something.”
“Spirits don't doze off, Alisa.” He leans forward on his desk, gazing intently into my eyes. “They may tune out, not pay attention, or even ignore you, but they don't doze off.”
“Right.” As embarrassing as it is to admit I hadn't listened to him, it's worse to admit that I failed my task after only a few days. I can’t go back anyway. Brecken knows I killed myself. He won't let me help him even if I hold him at gunpoint.
With an audible sigh, Raphael shakes his head. “I admit it seems daunting, but that's all part of overcoming impossible obstacles. Did you think it would be simple? That you'd walk in and Brecken would turn his life around with a snap of your fingers?”
Actually, yeah. That's kind of what I thought. “No, I didn't think that. It's just that he knows I committed suicide and now he won't listen to me.”
“How could he possibly know that, Alisa?” He gazes at me with a knowing smile, and I wither before him. If he is trying to make me feel stupid, he has succeeded on a grand scale. 
I stand up. This is getting me nowhere. I'll just go back to my cottage and wait out my sentencing. Maybe I'll get a soft spot on the grass next to Mr. Roland. As I open the door, Raphael calls out to me.
“Alisa. You haven't failed yet. In fact, you're doing wonderfully. In a case like this, you have to let a friendship grow. You have to get him to trust you, to trust that you know more than he does, so he'll listen to you. He's hurting and knows his words were wrong. I'll tell you one more thing. His mother died of breast cancer, fighting to live, fighting to stay with her family, fighting for each painful breath. The fact that you so casually threw away your life was more than he could comprehend at the time. Go back. He'll forgive you.”
I nod and walk out the door. I know that taking my own life was wrong, and I totally understand about his mother. I would have felt the same way in his shoes. I'll tell him I'm sorry. I'll beg his forgiveness and prove I can be humble, no matter how much it hurts. I'll go straight back to Brecken because Raphael is right. I can't give up yet. I've tormented my brothers for much longer than I have Brecken. I still have fuel inside me.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
~Fury Unleashed~
Brecken

She killed herself. Killed herself! Ended her own life. Her words pound through Brecken's mind over and over and over. He can't stop them. Can't get her voice out of his head, the way she said it... as though only admitting she ate the last cookie. She doesn't seem remorseful at all, and she expects him to tell her it's okay?
Isn't she sorry? All she has are excuses and he refuses to listen to those. He can only think of his mother lying in that hospital bed, the beeping machines surrounding her. Her face so pale, her eyes so sunken. 
She fought to live for two years. 
With every surgery, the doctors cut a little bit more of her away. She didn't want to die. No one in that hospital did. To think of all the patients he'd grown to know day after day. All those people praying, crying, and trying to live. 
How could Alisa have done this to her family? Brecken clutches his face, wanting to rip all thoughts of his guardian out of his head. He hates her. Hates her with herculean fury. He won't let her stay now. There is no way he will tolerate her presence, and if she ever comes back, he'll tell her to go to hell!

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
~Silver Teeth~
Alisa

I close my eyes, picture Brecken, and try to block out the pain-filled expression I last saw on his face. A smile flits across my lips as I appear next to him on his front porch. He sits in a shady spot watching his sisters play at the park. As soon as I materialize, he stiffens and looks up. My heart softens at the hurt in his eyes. 
“You're back.” He plucks a lonely sliver of grass from beside the porch and sticks it between his mouth. 
“Yep.”
“Why?”
“Because... you need me... and I need you.”
With a snort, he stands up and leans against the cool bricks on his house. “You know, when you first left, I... I hated you. I promised myself I'd never forgive you. That if you ever came back... ” He shakes his head and looks away. 
I hesitate, knowing all of those feelings haven't completely gone away. He's still angry deep down, I'm sure. “What changed your mind?”
He glances at me and throws his blade of grass on the ground. “Because only a few days ago, I felt like ending it all too.”
“Oh, Brecken. Please let me explain. You don't know me, but I want you to.” I move over beside him, ready to spill my guts, but a sleek, black sports car pulls up to the curb, its engine revving loudly in the quiet afternoon.
And guess who sits in the driver's seat. 
“Hey Jilly,” Brecken calls, jogging toward the car. She rolls down the passenger side window and he leans in, smiling. He reaches over, pulls her across the seat, and kisses her. 
Ack. I feel nauseous. 
When he stands back up, he turns and smiles at me. “See you later, Alisa.” He opens the car door and slides inside. Smoke wafts up from the squealing tires as they pull away.
Does he actually think he can ditch me that easily? He just doesn't get it. Moments later, I appear on a soft, brown leather seat. The air conditioning blasts my face, but I don't really feel the cold. I can feel its tornado-like strength whipping through the car though. 
Brecken stiffens in the front seat, and I decide to be as irritating as possible since he left right when I'd decided to open up to him. “So, where are we going?” 
He doesn't answer but turns to Jill. “Hey babe. What's the plan? Something dangerous, I hope?” He leans over and nibbles at her neck.
“Disgusting,” I whisper under my breath.
He glances at the back seat and smiles.
Rude.
“Umm, I have a surprise for you, Breck. Something I've been thinking about doing for a long time. It's something I've been learning about, and I think it would be super special for us, you know? It will bring us closer.”
Uh oh. I don't like the sound of this. I can picture all sorts of things that could bring them closer, and I don't want to witness any of them. Leaning forward, I rest my arms on the back of the front seat. “Brecken, whatever this is, please don't do it. I don't have a good feeling.” 
“Sounds great, Jilly,” he says. “Can't wait.”
We drive in silence to the other side of town. To the side of town where Heidi's friend, Madison, lives. We stop in front of a grandiose home, complete with white marble pillars. The home of a wealthy southern bell.
“Come on,” Jill says, taking Brecken's hand and pulling him out the driver's side door. 
Of course I follow, staring at their clasped hands. I stare at Jill's perfect butt, looking for more things about her I can hate. She wears pink flip-flops, white short-shorts, and a pink t-shirt that's way too tight. 
She looks slutty, cheap, and desperate. 
On the other hand, looking at Brecken sends a ripple of pleasure through me. Maybe it's his edginess, or the holes in his jeans and how they show his tan skin beneath. I like the messy lock of hair that never stays out of his eyes. Even his wily smile is endearing. 
We enter the house and Jill pulls Brecken through the foyer, past a beautifully carved mahogany staircase, through an expensively tiled kitchen to a white door. 
“Okay. Close your eyes and promise not to peek,” she says. We descend into a cement-walled basement. 
This can't be good.
Jill doesn't turn on the lights, so it has got to be dark for them. For me, it's just plain creepy. The wooden stairs creak beneath their feet and the handrail rocks loosely away from the wall. Why is this area of the house so derelict when the rest is so fancy? 
Landing at the bottom of the stairs, I realize we aren't in an unfinished basement at all, but a wine cellar. The far wall houses hundreds of slots, each filled with a dusty bottle of wine, and in the far corner, a multicolored blanket hangs, blocking our view.
“Keep your eyes closed,” Jill says again, gazing at Brecken's face to make sure he isn't cheating. She takes him to the curtain, pulls it aside, and then ushers him in. 
I pass right through the thick fabric and stop in surprise. Four heavy blankets make a square room of about eight by eight feet. Against one quilt stands a low, narrow table filled with tapered candles and tiny, white tea-lights. Jill takes a match, strikes it, and begins lighting the candles. A brocade rug lies on the floor and colored scarves have been draped here and there to give it a gypsy's fortune-telling look. I have to admit, I like it. It's cozy.
Sidling up to Brecken, Jill says, “Okay. You can look now.”
Brecken opens his eyes and they widen in surprise. He turns in a slow circle, taking in every inch of the constructed room. “Wow. This is great, Jilly. I love it. Did you do all this?”
“Yep. For us.”
He pulls her into a tight hug and kisses her slowly. “It's awesome,” he whispers. “But why? If we want privacy, we can find it anywhere.” He nuzzles her neck and winks at me.
She pulls away and socks him in the arm. “This room isn't for that, silly. It's for something else. Something better.”
“Better? Is there such a thing?”
She laughs and drags him to the center of the rug where they sit down. “This is definitely going to be better.” She points to the ceiling and the walls. “This basement is insulated. It's totally private, and I can lock the door at the top of the stairs.”
“O-kay,” he says, cocking his head, a question in his voice. 
Jill's eyes glow with excitement and she reaches out to take both his hands. “Do you ever think about death, Brecken?”
I can't help but frown. Where is she going with this? I suspect Brecken thinks about death all the time, considering his mother recently died. 
Brecken gives the makeshift room another cursory glance and nods his head. “Sometimes.”
“Me too. All the time. That's why I built this room.” She slips a book out from under the low table and holds it on her lap, running her hand over its embossed cover. “A friend gave this to me.” She lays it between them.
Becoming One, the title reads. 
I have no idea what the book is about, but as soon as I lay eyes on it, I take a step back. “I don't know what that book is, Brecken, but I have a bad feeling about it. I really do. I think we should leave.”
He glances up, able to see me easily in the dim light of the candles. I stand behind Jill, staring hard into his face.
“Wow. You're... beautiful,” he says breathlessly. 
He can't be talking to me. He doesn't even like me.
“Thank you,” Jill answers demurely.
“You radiate light like I've never seen before.” He closes his eyes as though basking in the warmth of my luminescence. 
“Are you talking to me?” I ask in disbelief. 
“Oh, Brecken. You don't know how wonderful that makes me feel,” Jill says, scooting closer so their crossed legs touched at the knees. “I love you so much.” She runs her hand along his jaw, and I want to smack it away. That's not her face to touch!
Wait. What?
“You don't see it,” he says to me, stating it as fact. 
“Don't see what?” Jill asks, confused. “I see you, if that's what you mean. I see our love. We can be connected forever, Breck. This book taught me how.”
“Huh? What?” He glances at Jill, seeming surprised she's even speaking.
“Breck. Are you listening to me?” 
He looks softly into her eyes, and says, “Are we going to have a séance or something?”
“Or something,” she says sullenly. “But I don’t want to tell you about it if you're not going to listen. This is important to me.”
“All right. I'm listening. Go ahead.” He holds her hands, staring intently into her shining, blue eyes. 
Jill's shoulders relax, and she takes a deep breath. “Okay. Here goes. I've been studying this book. It explains how to fuse your soul with another person's... forever.”
“Really? That sounds cool,” he answers, looking up at me.
“I know, right?” She rises to her knees, still holding his hands. “It's the coolest thing I've ever read, and my friend has been teaching me how to do it. I want to try it with you.”
“Okay. I'm up for it,” he says.
“Good. So, I need to ask you a question. Do you know why vampires love to suck the blood of their victims?”
“What?” Brecken says, pulling back with a frown on his face. “This isn't some Twilight thing, is it?” 
“Just listen.” 
Jill's impatience rises in waves to bathe my face. I'm still behind her because I want to be able to watch Brecken, but I'm tempted to move over by him. Maybe close proximity will help me influence him better. 
“One of the reasons they love to suck each other's blood is because it connects them more powerfully than anything else. More than sex even.” She stops for a moment and gazes into Brecken's eyes, scooting even closer. “In that moment, they transcend heaven and earth. They become one in spirit, one in mind, one in body.” 
“That's a bunch of bull crap, Brecken.” I cross my arms over my chest and frown. He has to know how stupid this sounds.
“I don't believe in vampires, Jilly,” he says with a chuckle. “Those stories are written to give people a good scare. That's all. There's no such thing.”
Jill's eyes narrow as she purses her lips. “I'm not talking about vampires like Dracula, who turn into bats, Brecken. I'm talking about real people like you and me who use tools to do it—sharp teeth they place over their own to drink the blood of their lover. It's very primal, very spiritual. I... think we should try it.” She pulls a small, wooden box with a hinged lid from the table and places it before him. When she opens the lid, two sets of gleaming silver vampiric teeth reflect in the soft candlelight. 
“Brecken, listen to me,” I hurry to say. “This is bad. This is really bad. You have to know that.”
He ignores me and picks up one set of fangs from the crushed red velvet, then touches the tip. “Ouch!” A bead of blood appears. He starts to put his finger in his mouth, but before he can, Jill reaches over, grasps his hand, and draws his finger into her mouth. She sucks his blood with a moan of pleasure.
This is horror film 101, and we are heading somewhere terrible, somewhere I refuse to go. I can't watch, and yet, I can't look away or leave Brecken. 
Before any intelligent solutions enter my mind, Jill takes the other set of teeth and stabs her finger. A crimson drop of blood blossoms, ready to spill over her fingertip. Before it can drip, she slides her finger into Brecken's mouth.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
~Another Deception~
Alisa

I nearly gag. Brecken doesn't think it's fabulous either, because instead of being turned on, seduced, or hypnotized—I'm not sure what Jill is going for—Brecken opens his mouth and pulls her finger out without swallowing the bright red liquid that stains his lip. He wipes it away with his arm.
“Uh, Jill?” he says kindly. “I don't think this is for me.”
“Brecken.” She leans forward. “You have no idea how good it can feel. She presses him back until he lies on the floor. She moves over him slowly, bringing her lips to his. He doesn't push her away.
A cold ball of anger wells up inside me. If I could rip her hair out by the roots, I would. Instead, I clear my throat and squat down beside his face. “Excuse me, pretty boy. But I'm bored with this b-rated romance flick. Can we please get out of here?” 
He opens one eye and smiles while continuing to kiss Jill. He even wraps his arms around her waist. 
I'm half-tempted to kick him in the head, but I doubt he'd even feel it. “Do you care about me at all, Brecken?” I ask with seriousness.
He stops his make-out session abruptly. “What?”
“I didn't say anything, baby,” Jill answers. She goes right back to kissing his face, his neck, his collarbone.
I look him right in the eyes, trying with all my heart to make him understand. “If you feel anything for me—anything at all, you'll leave with me now. Please.”
He searches my face, and then his eyes close for a moment, as though in pain. He gently pushes Jill away. 
She sits up with a confused expression. “What's wrong?”
He gazes at her, a frown forming as he studies her at arm's length. “Jill, Your aura. It's... muddy.”
“My aura?” she repeats. “So what?”
“It's just that it's... a brown color.” He pushes her back further to scrutinize her face.
“What's that supposed to mean?” she says with a glare, her jaw clenching.
He squints as though trying to get a better look, as though trying to clear up a puzzle. “I've never seen it like this before.” 
She shakes her head. “Don't start with that crap again, Brecken. You know I don't believe in it.”
“We've talked about this before, Jill. It's not like you don't know I see it,” he says. “It helps me know what people are feeling, what you're feeling.”
Anger radiates from her. She's ready to explode, but instead of screaming, she smiles. “You're right, Brecken. You're always right. You're obviously not ready to embrace this, so we'll do something different instead. Okay?” 
Brecken releases a breath and nods. “Sure. But I really should get going. I don't like leaving Heidi and Sophie for so long.”
“Yeah, I know,” she says. “Will you do me just one favor before you go? Close your eyes for one second.” 
With a reluctant sigh, he says, “All right, but this has to be quick.”
“Oh, it will be.”
Jill takes her fangs and dips them into a shallow bowl of liquid that sits on the table. She blows them dry, and before I can blink, she places them in her mouth, bends forward, and sinks the needle-like fangs deep into Brecken's bicep.
His eyes fly open and he shoves her away. “Ow! Damn it, Jill!” He stares at the puncture which blossoms red on his arm. His eyes flick to mine in confusion. 
Jill steps away.
After a few seconds, Brecken falls forward, one hand reaching out for balance, his other hand rubbing his glazed, sleepy eyes. With a moan, he lets himself fall all the way to the floor, his head bumping against the carpet-covered cement. 
Jill is motionless, staring at Brecken's prone figure, a serious expression on her usually dim-witted face. She says nothing.
Kneeling at Brecken's side, my hands flutter desperately as my mind whirls, searching for a solution. I come up with nothing. I'm horrified that Jill would hurt someone she supposedly loves. What kind of a person can react so coldly, with such calculation? 
After a moment, she wraps her long, white fingers around his wrist, checking his pulse. She shows no sign of worry. Only the frigid expression of an ice-queen. She lays Brecken out flat and adjusts his arms. Then, instead of bandaging his seeping bicep, she pulls his arm out to the side and lays her head on his chest. She wraps his arm around her, and places her lips on the delicate skin around the wound. 
And sucks.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
~Her Darkness Revealed~
Alisa

There is no way I can sit back and watch Jill drink Brecken's blood. And even though I've never tried to force my will on anyone, I know my mind has more power in one square centimeter than she has in her whole body. At least, that's what was told in Idir Shaol. I can supposedly make things happen by sheer force of will, but I've never tried it. I've never felt a need to.
With my hands fisted, every bit of fine matter in my spirit is focused on Jill. Narrowing my eyes so I can see only her, I picture a white-hot dart of fury, flying like a bullet from my mind into hers, exploding in the soft recesses of her buttery brain. 
Nothing happens. 
She continues to suck, a serene expression gracing her blissfully oblivious face. I can't even describe how she sickens me. I close my eyes, forcing a calm to come over me, forcing my mind to slow down—this time without the interference of frustration or anger—and send a silent message into her mind. 
“Stop.” 
A strange expression comes over Jill's face, and her sucking slows. Her brows knit together in question, she sits up, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand. The sudden burst of energy I'd used is gone, and I fall forward onto my hands, fatigued, limp, and mentally exhausted. I can hardly move as I watch the scene unfold in slow motion. Jill grabs a Band-Aid and unceremoniously rips it open, slapping it down on the white skin of Brecken's inner arm. She lies down next to him, snuggling close to his side while the candles burn, flickering lower and lower, their melted wax making a thick puddle on the table. 
Dark shadows dance on the heavy quilts, and no sounds filter down from upstairs. Where are her parents? Doesn't anyone care where she is or what she does? When I was alive, my mother knew everything that went on in her house, where each of us was, and what we were doing. I swear she was psychic. I figured all moms had that gift. 
After a moment, Jill falls asleep on the hard ground, a blanket spread over them. I kneel before Brecken and smooth my ghost-like fingers down his cheek. He looks so peaceful, like an innocent little boy, like he must have looked as a child. Then I remember his sisters. He needs to wake up! He needs to get out of here. “Brecken! Wake up!” 
He doesn't respond. He breathes in and out, his chest rising and falling, his lashes fluttering against his pale cheek. I'll have to wait for him to wake up on his own. Time slides by at a snail's pace. The one lone window across the room is small, and creates shadows that pass over us with the setting of the sun. Still, there's no movement or sound from upstairs.
Finally, Brecken begins to stir. His eyes flicker, an agonized groan escapes his lips, and he turns on his side, waking up Jill. He blinks repeatedly, his hand raised to his forehead. 
Jill sits up in a hurry, fully cognizant. “Brecken? Are you okay?” She's full of concern as she brushes his hair from his forehead.
Oh, to stomp on her, to rip her hair out. To bite her arm!
“Baby. I was so worried!” She leans forward and kisses his lips tenderly, then traces them with her long, white fingers. 
Seeing her touch him, lie to him, does something to me, and I snap. An uncontrollable righteous fury rises up inside me, and the only thing I see is her neck squeezed by my unrelenting fingers. I spring for her, determined to take her down, to pound her face into the cement floor. 
But in spite of my indignation, I fly right through her and the quilt that hangs as a makeshift wall. I roll to a stop next to the wine bottles that line the basement shelves.
Rising, I stare at the blanket I barreled through. It sways back and forth. For a moment I'm mesmerized, watching the to and fro vacillation of the quilt. I made it move. I affected something in the physical world. Feeling stronger and even more determined than I had a moment ago, I stomp back inside the comfortable, candlelit room to witness Jill helping Brecken to a seated position. With her arm around him, she whispers words I can't hear. 
I don't have time to figure it out. Brecken needs to wake up and get out of here before Jill decides she's hungry again. I kneel before Brecken, placing my hands over his, staring straight into his eyes. “Brecken, can you hear me? Can you see me?”
“Huh?” His head lolls with dizziness. “What happened?”
“You tripped on the rug and fell.” Jill's explanation is ridiculous. He'll never believe it. He's not an idiot. “You hit your head pretty hard.” 
“I did?”
“Yeah, hun, you did, and if I hadn't been so worried, I would have laughed. You looked so funny at first, but you were only out for a minute. Everything's all right now. Can you get up?”
“Yeah. Sure.” He shakes his head and tries to stand but loses his balance and stumbles forward, his hand catching on the low table. The candles sway, spilling their melted wax. Jill is quick to slip under his arm, taking his weight.
“Ow,” he groans, noticing his bandaged arm for the first time.
“You cut yourself,” she said. “You don't remember? Wow, baby, you must have hit your head hard.”
That lying, sneaky, little... I bite my tongue and my chest heaves. Can't he see through her? Boys are beyond stupid. Dead or alive. My temper boils and there's nothing more frustrating than being helpless. 
“Brecken, can you hear me?” I ask again. 
He takes a step up the stairs. “Yeah.” He answers with slurred detachment. His hands slide along the walls, grasping at the loose railing that rocks under his weight.
“You need to get home as soon as possible. Your sisters need you.” He's not really clear minded enough to listen, but maybe thinking of his sisters will get him to move faster. He has such a soft spot for them. “You're dad's working late and they're getting scared. We have to hurry!” 
“Yeah, okay. Hurry,” he says, stumbling on the top stair.
“What?” Jilly turns to glance into his eyes.
“I need to get home.” 
She helps him to a chair at the kitchen table where he plops down, his elbows resting on the tabletop, holding his head. Rocking back and forth, he groans looking like he might pass out again.
“I'll make you some herbal tea before you go. How does that sound?” Jill says. 
“My head is killing me.” 
“I'm not surprised with the thumping you gave it.” She smiles at him, then takes a cup from the cupboard and drops a dry teabag in. She fills it with water and places it in the microwave. “This will be done in one minute.” Taking down a bottle of Ibuprofen, she shakes out two white tablets. “Here. These should help.” She sets a cold glass of water before him. 
Brecken takes the pills without question. 
What an idiot.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
~Stupid Boy~
Alisa

The pills don't kill Brecken so they really must have been ibuprofen, but I'll never trust Jill again. She's not who she appears to be, her pretty face and perfect body covering up a dark and putrid heart. I know what her future holds if she doesn't do some drastic changing. She'll get a condo complete with a lava-filled hot tub right next to Mr. Roland.
After Brecken finishes his peppermint tea, she drives us home. I sit in the backseat and fume. Brecken's eyes are still slightly glazed even after she dumps him onto his living room couch. He lies there exhausted while she kisses his forehead. 
“See you later, Breck. Hope you feel better.”
“Yeah,” I murmur as she closes his front door. “Later.” 
The dark circles beneath Brecken's eyes give him a hollow, ethereal look in the dim light of evening, and he probably won't remember any sort of conversation, but I can't wait any longer. “Brecken. We need to talk.”
“Huh? Where are you?” He lifts his head and searches the living room. His sisters are nowhere around.
“I'm sitting in the tan La-Z-Boy.” I move closer to sit right in front of him on the coffee table. “Can you see me now?”
“Uh... yeah. Kinda.” His head falls back to the couch cushion. “Man, my head is killin' me.”
“That's because she drugged you.”
He squints and turns to his side, his cheek resting on his hand. “What?”
With a loud sigh and rolling eyes, I try to control my irritation. All sorts of sharp remarks are on the tip of my tongue, ready to spill over in a polluted downpour. I should wait to have this conversation, but I don't want to. He needs to know who Jill really is. “Jill told you that you pricked yourself with those stupid teeth things. Remember?”
“Yeah, and that I tripped on the carpet.”
“Well, you didn't. She drugged you, and bit your arm, then sucked your blood like a freakin' vampire. I watched the whole thing.”
He says nothing for a moment. “That's... stupid.”
“No kidding.”
“Jilly would never do that.”
I scowl at his stupidity. Never have I met anyone so blind or dense. “Why would I lie? I'm here to protect you.” 
He starts to nod, and then a sly grin spreads across his face. He wags his finger in my face. “You're jealous, aren't you? You're trying to make her look bad so I won't like her anymore.”
Oh. My. Word. “You're an idiot.” 
“You think I'm se-xy. You want to kii-iiss me,” he sings, the asinine grin still on his face. He falls back to a velvety pillow and chuckles.
My mouth opens and closes. Nothing witty springs to my mind. How dare he accuse me of... of... liking him!
“I knew it,” he says. “It's cool. I get it. Lots of girls like me.” He smiles stupidly, and his eyes close like he might fall asleep.
Fury burns in my chest and I let the flood spill forth without censor. “You really are dumb, aren't you? And just so we're clear, I don't want to kiss you, I don't think you're sexy, and I don't like you. Do you know why?”
“Why?”
I lean forward so he can see me clearly, our faces only inches apart. “Because... you're an idiot!” 
***
I leave Brecken on the couch and reappear at the hospital next to my mother's bed. I have to get away from him, from his crooked smile and condemning words.
My mom sits alone, staring out the window. The TV is on, but she's not paying attention to it. Neither my brothers nor my dad are here to keep her company. I take her hand and brush it with my cheek. “You look better, Mom.” She can't hear me, but maybe she can sense me like she did at my funeral. “You gave us quite a scare,” I whisper.
She turns, a thoughtful expression on her face. 
“Yeah, I'm here. Don't ever take those pills again.”
She takes a deep breath, and tears fill her eyes. 
“Oh, Mom. It's okay.” The sting of invisible tears burn my own eyes as I climb onto the bed next to her. I lay my head on her chest with my arm around her waist like I used to when I was little. Memories rush to the forefront of my mind, memories that carry scents of cookies, Christmas, and bedtime stories. I close my eyes and breathe her in, hoping never to forget this feeling... just in case I never get the chance to be with her like this again.
I used to come home from school or a night out with Natty, and get in Mom's bed to tell her all about my day. She'd stroke my hair, nodding and commenting. That's how it feels now. Like she'll place her hand on my head any minute and wrap my hair around her fingers... like she used to.
She begins to speak, as though she knows I'm there, and her voice grows in strength. “Oh, Alisa. Where are you?”
Her question fills the silence and then she says, “You were so beautiful. I miss your smile, your beautiful brown eyes.” She sighs, and a pregnant tear drips down her pale cheek. “I'm so sad all the time,” she whispers to the wall.
“It's not your fault, Mom. It's no one's fault.” My words sound empty. Even to me. 

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
~The Oldest Emotion~
Brecken

It takes a while for Brecken's head to clear, and the headache that pounds inside his brain keeps sledging away. He reclines on the couch with a package of frozen peas pressed to his forehead and tries to remember his conversation with Alisa.
He vaguely remembers arguing with her, but that is nothing new. He remembers her accusing Jill of drugging him, but he can't quite get it straight, because Jill wouldn't do that. She loves him. In fact, she has loved him for a long time, and he loves her too. But since Alisa arrived, some of his feelings for Jill have changed. He still cares about her, but it isn't that powerful rush of passion like before. Jill is beautiful, a close friend, comfortable and easy to talk to. Someone he shares a past with.
He's not certain what Alisa's problem is, but he's pretty sure it revolves around jealousy, and that changes everything. At least for him. He's mad that she left again, and he'll give her the cold shoulder when she comes back, just to make her squirm, but then they'll get over it. 
He has felt drawn to Alisa from the beginning. There has always been something different about her, something intriguing, and thinking that maybe she's jealous of his closeness to Jill...Well, that is just plain interesting.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
~First Touch~
Alisa

“You were gone a long time,” Brecken says as soon as I show up. He's on the couch watching TV, staring straight ahead so he doesn't have to look at me. From the tightness of his shoulders and the set of his jaw, I can tell he's upset. 
Not wanting to argue, I plop down in the La-Z-Boy recliner with a heavy sigh. “So, how are things?”
“Don't you think it's kind of rude to just leave like that?” He crosses his arms over his chest and glares at the TV.
“Umm, no. You were totally out of it.”
“No?” He sits up and peers around the room, his eyes finally finding me. “You say all those... things, then disappear, and you don't think it's rude?”
A prick of irritation stabs at me, but I rein it in, not wanting another uncomfortable confrontation. “If you want to talk about rude, how about we refresh your memory, Brecken.” I march over and stand before him with my hands on my hips. “If I recall correctly, you basically called me a liar.”
“I did not!”
“Yes, you did. You didn't believe one thing I said about Jill, and I wasn't lying.”
“Who are you talking to?” Sofia asks, sauntering into the room. She goes straight to the fridge and stares into its vast emptiness.
“No one,” Brecken answers, sullen.
“I heard you,” she says, going back to her room with a yogurt cup. “Are you sick again?” 
With a tired sigh he tells her no, and then lies back down, turning toward me.
I feel sorry for him. It would be terrible having your family think you were psycho when you weren't. I sit on the coffee table before him. “Brecken?” I resist the urge to brush his hair from his forehead, not that I can, but I want to. He seems vulnerable, a little boy. His eyes search mine, their deep blue enhanced by the lamplight. His lips part like he's about to speak, but he doesn't. I find a yearning in his eyes I don't understand and can't explain. I want to pull away, to run like normal, but I force myself to stay seated on the table. “I'm sorry,” I say. “I didn't mean to hurt you.”
“You didn't,” he whispers. “It's just that I know Jill, and she wouldn't do that. We've been dating a long time. She loves me.”
I can't hold the question back. I want to know. For some reason, I have to know. “Do you love her?”
“Sure,” he says, flicking of particle of lint from the couch. He doesn't meet my gaze. But his words make my chest ache. I pull back. He's wrong to love her. She doesn't love him. I do.
“Ahh!” I scream, jumping back. I can't believe I just thought that! What a terrible thing to cross my mind. It's not true. I do not love him. He's the last person I'd love. I pace the room, rubbing my head, thinking, thinking, thinking. Did I say it out loud? No. I don't think so. Oh, please. I hope not.
“What's wrong?” he asks, sitting up straight, his gaze piercing me. 
“Uh... uh.” Nothing intelligent comes out of my mouth. What can I say? I hardly know him. I don't even like him. I care about him, of course, but only because he is my charge. I have to. It's a requirement, I think.
“Alisa, tell me.” His whisper is barely loud enough to hear.
“I can't talk about this.”
“Why?” he asks, standing up. We face each other, almost nose to nose. 
I feel his aura radiating around me. Its static warmth pulsing through me like a soft breeze. For the first time, I reach out and stroke his cheek, standing closer than I normally would have ever dared.
With a sharp inhalation, his eyes widen at my touch. He reaches up, placing his hand over mine, his mouth opening in a surprised “O.”
“Brecken, please believe me. I'm telling you the truth. I would never lie to you. I... uh.”
“I know,” he says, a soft smile forming on his lips. “I get it.”
He does? I don't. But standing this close to him, I wish I did. In that moment I want a real body so bad, to really feel his hand on mine, to feel the pressure of him next to me, to feel his lips—.
      I pull away suddenly, astonished at the path my thoughts have taken. He reaches out quickly to slip his arm around my waist, to pull me back, but it goes right through me as I float out of his grasp. I move back, one step at a time, my mind racing. This isn't right. A guardian cannot fall for her charge. It is wrong, wrong, wrong, and I'm sure to get in trouble as soon as Raphael finds out.
Will he pull me from my job? Will I be punished? Strangely, I want to be Brecken's guardian now. More than anything. I can't imagine not seeing him ever again. But am I such a silly girl that I can develop a crush on a boy so quickly? 
I step back again and Brecken steps forward.
“What are you doing?” I hear through the fog of my mind. I look up at the same time as Brecken to see Heidi and Sophie standing next to the table, an empty yogurt cup in Sophie's hand. The two of them stare, wide-eyed. He glances at me, then down at his outstretched arms. He lets them fall to his sides and then turns to his sisters with a chuckle. “Uh, there's this play at school that, um, I'm trying out for.”
“A play.” Heidi cocks her hip, a knowing look on her face. “You're trying out for a play.”
“I am,” he states. “You don't know everything about me.”
“I know enough to know you've never even seen a play at school, let alone ever tried out for one.” She smirks and shakes her head. “You really do need meds.” Her laughter follows her to her room. She slams the door behind her. 
Brecken's expression hardens at her remark. 
Sophie stares up at him from behind the couch that separates the kitchen from the living room. “I think it's cool. I'd come see you.”
“Thanks, Sof,” he says, sinking back down on the couch. He pats the spot next to him and looks up at me.
Is he insane? “I can't.”
“Why not?” he mouths.
Good question. Why not? It's not like we can do anything. With a sigh, and against my better judgment, I sit beside him. He rests his arm on the back cushion, almost around my shoulders. I shiver and turn to him, our faces inches apart.
Brecken glances over his shoulder at Sophie. 
She watches him closely. 
“I'm going to practice the kiss that's in the play. You tell me if it looks real,” he says to her.
“Umm. Okay.” 
“What!” I screech, leaning back.
He leans forward, a playful glint in his eyes. I lean back more. He inches closer. I recline against the arm cushion until I'm almost flat on the couch. He chuckles and gives me a lazy half-smile. Is he really going to do this? Should I let him? I kind of want to. 
The world stands still. There is nothing but us. No TV. No little sisters. No disruptions. The warmth of his breath mists on my face, smelling of something sweet I can't place, and his aura surrounds us, encasing me in light. He stares into my eyes, his face suddenly very serious. I don't move or push away. 
I close my eyes just as his lips brush past mine, like a soft feather tickling my mouth. A tingling thrills through me, and I want him to keep kissing me, to press closer. But that feeling won't come, that hard, physical pressure of a body, holding another physical body. I ache with a need I can't explain.
His eyes widen and he leans back, a look of surprise on his face. “Alisa,” he whispers breathlessly. 
“Wow. That looks real to me,” Sophie says, jumping down from her chair. “You'll do well in that play.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE
~Evil on Another Level~
Alisa

This is bad. Very, very bad. I have to make it stop. But to make it stop, I have to quit thinking about his incredibly blue eyes, his wide, muscular shoulders, the beauty and passion of his spirit, which has totally taken me by surprise. 
I run without thinking.
Once I stop, I search my surroundings. Nothing looks familiar. I'm not in my old neighborhood, nor am I anywhere near Brecken's house. But something has drawn me here. That's how it works. 
I stand in front of an old, run-down house. Its haunted, dark windows and warped gables eying me like an intruder, glaring, demanding I leave at once. A chill slithers down my back. Yellow-brown paint peels from the wood siding, and the worn front porch sags from years of use. 
Something pounds inside me. Heart-thumping fear. It slithers over and around me like a deadly Black Mamba. I want to leave, but there is something in that house I need to see. I know it as well as I know my own name. 
Tentatively, I enter the house and find myself in a dirty, garbage-filled living room. Old hamburger wrappers and used pizza boxes lay scattered on the stained carpet. Unnerving quiet follows me like a ghost as I head deeper inside, toward the kitchen. My eyes pierce the darkness, drawn to an open door with stairs that lead down into a basement. 
Another freakin' basement. 
I stop on the stairs, wary, yet wanting to get this over with. As I move down, I hear voices, muffled by a closed door at the bottom of the stairs. Automatically I tiptoe, trying to be quiet even though no one can hear me. 
Stepping through the closed door, my eyes grow wide, and I'm ready to bolt. A large group of people sit on the floor on blankets and throw pillows. Candles glow around the perimeter of the room, creating deep shadows. The tang of lamp oil as well as sweet perfumes drift toward me.
Someone must have drawn me here, so I search each face, each expression, recognizing no one until I came to the dark, heavily lashed eyes that matched my own, as if he were my twin. Derek?
He reclines on a red velvet pillow, a brunette-haired girl beside him, stoking his cheek. A dark bottle dangles between his fingers, from which he takes a swig every few seconds. 
My heart, figuratively speaking, flips at the sight of him, but that ache is quickly replaced by anger, per normal. I stomp straight toward him, my hands clenched and my teeth grinding. “Derek. What are you doing here?” 
He doesn't answer and doesn't acknowledge that some invisible force is raining fire and brimstone down on him. He never used to drink. He spent most of his time at the school track, training for the cross-country team. He's always gotten good grades and is a straight A student. He has a girlfriend, but it isn't this floozy who has draped herself all over him. 
Disappointed, I can't even think straight. “Get up!” I demand, standing behind him, and trying to lift him to a standing position. He doesn't budge. It's not until I turn around that I get my next heart-stopping shocker. 
Jill.
She sits on the other side of the room, intertwined in the arms of some guy, her vampire fangs twinkling bright in the candlelight. Dread spreads through me, its dark claws pulling me down, down, down. Feelings, similar to the ones I felt in Soul Prison, wash through me, and I nearly sink to my knees in despair. 
I didn't even realize we all lived in the same city.
I stare, rooted to the cement floor, as Jill leans forward and sinks her fangs into the bicep of the guy she lies beside. He moans as the needles penetrate his skin, then wraps his legs around Jill and rolls her over so he is on top. That's when I notice he sports his own set of shiny, new fangs.
He bites into her skin, just below the collarbone. 
The hot, acidic memory of vomit rises in my mouth. The response is automatic. I turn, horrified, to Derek. He watches Jill, his eyes wide, but not with a disgusted grimace, like I have. 
More terrified, yet fascinated.
I have to get him out of here, and I have to do it now. “Derek. Please listen to me. You have to leave. This is dangerous. People could really die. Don't you get it? What if one of those fangs punctures an artery?” That has to happen once in a while. They aren't always careful, are they? “Derek. Get up!” I scream at the top of my voice. 
Nothing works. He can’t hear me. He doesn't want to. I remember being told in Idir Shaol that guardians aren't able to influence everyone, that some people refuse to listen. People have to be open, their souls somewhat receptive. 
Derek takes another swig from the bottle in his hand, then lies back and closes his eyes. I watch him, a smile flitting across his mouth. In sorrow, I turn away.
“Dude, wake up,” a boy sitting next to Derek says. “It's gonna start.”
“Huh?” Derek responds, sleepily.
A woman enters the room. Tall, regal, proud. She glides toward a table at the front of the room, her long black cape trailing behind, a cowl covering her head. She holds a tapered black candle in her slim fingers, and the only thing that shows of her shadowed face are her ruby-red lips, which glisten in the dim light. 
All eyes turn to her. Including my own. 
I watch her, riveted. Something about her captures me in a wonderful, yet terrible grip. Part of me wants to fall at her feet and beg for attention. Another part recoils with such revulsion that I desperately want to flee. 
That is when I see it. A dark shadow clinging to her skirt like a cloudy sheath of silk. It slithers around her legs, its grasping hands holding onto her with parasitic strength. It glances up and catches my eye, the darkness of its gaze drowning me as though I've fallen into a deep, polluted cesspool.
I pull my gaze away, the awful smile of the shadow fiend still in my peripheral vision. Who is this woman? What is she doing here? And who is her sticky friend? The one thing I do know is that whoever she is, she's dangerous. 
And evil.
“My children,” she says lovingly as she gazes at each member of the room. “It is right that you are here. I'm proud of you all. Especially our newest members.” She glances at Derek and smiles seductively. 
My soul recoils just a bit more. The candles in the room flicker and the walls that surround us glow with dark heaviness. Grim foreboding drifts over me like tiny poison snowflakes, stinging my soul where they land. The longer I'm here, the worse I feel. I have to get out, but I can't leave my brother!
“When I first came here,” the woman says. “I worried we wouldn't find the numbers we required, but we have been rewarded by the diligence of our initiates in this city.” She smiles, grasping the edges of her cowl and sliding the hood back, letting it come to rest on her slender shoulders. 
Long, white-blonde hair falls around her cheeks and her light blue eyes glisten with heat. 
I can't look away, though I want to. She holds me spellbound just as she does the others in the room. 
“Tonight we have two who graduate to the next level of ordination.”
She stretches her arm out to Jill, who steps forward. Jill kneels on a pillow at the woman's feet and bows her head. The woman takes Jill's hand.
“Rise,” she says to Jill. “This initiate has completed her requirements in the Order and will now become an Adept.” The woman reaches for a folded black cloth that lies on the table behind her. Holding it up, the cloth unfolds into a long, silky robe, identical to her red one. She places it over Jill's head and lets it fall around her shoulders.
With a slow sigh of satisfaction, the woman turns Jill to face the others. “Jill will complete her next assignment this coming week. Not only has she reached the level of Adept, but will also become the chief custodian of this chapter, being the first in this area to accomplish the tasks placed before her.” 
Silence fills the room as everyone watches. My eyes burn, yet I can't take my gaze from her. Jill radiates confidence, her chin jutting out, her chest raised in pride. She searches the small congregation, catching each person's gaze and holding it. 
That's when another ghostly being of wispy, gray smoke appears. It weaves a web around Jill's feet and gazes up at me with a smile that splits its faceless visage as it slithers up to her waist.
One by one, the people in the room rise and approach Jill to congratulate her, including my brother. He steps forward as a receiving line forms. When Derek arrives before her, Jill takes his hand, her fingers threading with his. “May the dark one grant your desires,” she whispers, her eyes riveted to Derek's. 
He answers like everyone else has. “Likewise.” 
I reach out one last time and place my hand on his arm. Derek's fear and uncertainty ooze into my mind, and something else... something that alarms me to my very core. He's angry. He wants to lash out, to hurt someone. 
Me.
I let go in surprise. This isn't my Derek. He's not vindictive or a grudge-holder. Doesn't he understand what I went through? Can't he forgive me? He can't pin his bad choices on me. His being here isn't my fault.
Anger, like I haven't felt in a long time, well, for at least a few hours, erupts inside me. How dare he use my death to justify his joining this... this satanic fraternity! I take one last look, and leave. 

CHAPTER FORTY
~Running Away, Again~
Alisa

I don't have anywhere to go, and I don't want to go all the way back to Idir Shaol. So instead of appearing in some strange place like Egypt—which is tempting—I decide to go back to Brecken. 
The mere thought of being in his presence twists my mind into knots of anxiety. Our last moment together had been a kiss. He'd kissed me. And the ache that kiss creates in my heart... It all rushes back—the light, the heat, the wonderful magic. 
And, heaven forbid, I want it to happen again.
Questions ramble around inside me. Why did he kiss me when he has a girlfriend? Does Raphael know? Will he send for me? Will I lose my post? It's not like I instigated it, but I didn't stop it either.
I like Brecken. Really like him. There is no way around it. I didn't plan this, but I don't want it to end yet either. Secretly, I wanted that kiss, and now I have to suffer the consequences. I have a job to do after all. This isn't just about life and death. This is about redemption and eternity... and a timeless existence in Soul Prison—surrounded by evil—if I don't succeed. And what will happen to Brecken? What is his destiny if I fail? I can't bear to think of it.
Brecken, when I find him, is in the process of grabbing his gym bag and running out the door. “Where're you going?” I ask as he runs past.
He stops abruptly and stares straight ahead. “Lacrosse practice.”
“You play lacrosse?”
He turns, facing the direction of my voice. Sunshine spills through the window, casting long shafts of light across his face. I'm pretty sure he can't see me, but he faces me square on, only a foot away. “I used to. There a problem with that?” 
His angelic-ness vanishes and his tone rocks me back on my heels. The force of his anger is like a physical blow. “No. I just never pegged you for a lacrosse player.”
“Really? And just what sport do you think I'd play? Or am I such a loser that all I'd do is sit around like a pothead all day?” He smirks and walks out the door, leaving me alone in the kitchen.
“Uh, well.” I can't think of a single sport I think he'd play. Not that he isn't athletic. He just portrays himself as the bad boy in a leave me alone kind of way. He doesn't scream sports. I follow him to his mom's car. He pulls out of the driveway, the tires shrieking.
“Why are you driving so fast? Are you trying to kill us?” I hate it when people let their anger determine their driving. My brother does that.
Brecken doesn't answer. 
I watch the road, one hand on the dashboard, afraid we'll crash. Not that I'd get hurt, but he would. “Why are you so mad?” I still haven't figured it out and can't seem to get past his porcupine bristle.
With an audible sigh, he glances my way and then back to the windshield. “It's just... you took off. Again.”
The look of hurt on his face and the guilt of my constant running is beginning to haunt me. “Oh. I'm really sorry about that.”
“Was it that bad?”
“What?”
His lips tighten and he shakes his head slowly back and forth. “The kiss.”
“Oh, Brecken, no. That's not it at all. The kiss was... well, it was... just wonderful.” I turn away, embarrassed to admit my feelings, and watch the trees zip past in a blur. “There's just the whole thing about me being dead that kinda puts a crimp in it.”
“That's a minor detail,” he says, a slow grin spreading across his face.
“Yeah. Minor.”
“I thought maybe you were... disappointed.” He stares at the road stretching in a straight line ahead of us. “That seems to be what I do best lately.”
“What? No.” I place my hand on his arm. “Not even close. And why would you be worried about disappointing anyone? I haven't seen you do that since I've been here.”
“Oh really?” He glances toward me. “You've never been disappointed in me?”
I think back over our time together, the constant arguments, the constant frustration, the break-in, Jill. “Oh. Well, as your guardian, there are times when I'm disappointed, but then we work it out. You're totally not supposed to even know I'm here. It kind of messes everything up. It's much easier to influence people when they don't know you're around. As for the other stuff, well...”
He glances at me again, rolling his eyes. “Well what?” 
“Never mind,” I say, suddenly shy. How can I discuss this? It's too new, too crazy. 
We pull up next to a cemetery. 
“What are we doing here?” I don't like cemeteries. I don't like dead bodies or the idea of people decaying under my feet. 
“This is where we practice.”
“You have got to be kidding.” I follow him to a wide grassy area where no headstones have been placed yet. Fifteen other boys are there, tossing a lacrosse ball to one another. Some wear protective pads over t-shirts. Others wear their pads directly over their skin. 
“We tear up the park's grass too much so we practice here half the time.” He proceeds to take off his shirt and put on his shoulder pads. 
“I had no idea you were part of a team,” I say with an amazed chuckle. 
“I'm not. I don't play in the games. I don't have the money for dues, new gear, or any other fees. We're too poor,” he says with a sneer. “But the team feels sorry for me, and I'm pathetic enough to still want to come once a week.” 
The hardness in his eyes doesn't dispel the hurt in his voice. I hadn't realized how much he'd had to give up when his mom died. My heart breaks just a little bit more for him, but I can't stay in that aching place long. It brings up too many memories of my own. Instead I stare at his half-naked body, his muscles rippling as he fastens his gear. 
Surprisingly, his body doesn't disgust me like before. I don't know what has changed or is different, but his bare skin doesn't elicit feelings of revulsion. I don't associate the tanned skin of his chest with Mr. Roland or feel the need to hide. Maybe I am healing. Maybe Gram is right after all. 
And Brecken is beautiful. 
I've never seen him like this in broad daylight—his chest, muscles sculpted like a Grecian statue, his dark hair, glistening with streaks of auburn in the dense summer sun.
I take a place on the sidelines and watch him stretch out with his team. Their goalie leads them around the cemetery in a brisk jog. After a couple of laps, the coach waves them in. They divide into two teams. Skins and shirts. 
Lacrosse seems like a game I would have enjoyed... with a body. It's fast paced, intense and full of constant action. Then an idea blossoms in my mind and a smile grows on my face. I close my eyes and re-appear beside Brecken.
“Hey,” I say, floating next to him. A sheen of sweat dots his brow, but he isn't out of breath. He also doesn't answer me. I crouch next to him as though I am about to run the next play, which I am.
He whispers, “Go away!”
“No way. I'm gonna to help you get a goal.” I don't know a lot about lacrosse, but I saw a couple of games at my old high school. How hard can it be?
The play begins with two guys in a face-off. The skins win the ball and it flies from stick to stick. Brecken guards the goalie, helping to protect him and the goal. A guy on the other team catches the ball and searches for a teammate. I sidle up next to him. “Pass it to the kid by Brecken,” I whisper.
A frown creases the boy's brow, but he throws the ball to the appointed player. It passes in front of Brecken, who intercepts it with lightning speed, tearing off toward the other side of the field. He throws the ball to a teammate, who scores a goal. Cheers erupt and I dance over the field, monumentally proud of myself. 
“I told him to do that,” I call out as Brecken runs past me, back toward his goal.
“What?” he says, almost stopping.
“Nothin' man,” a teammate answers. “Get over by Dodson and we'll run that play again!” 
“Okay.” Brecken ignores me.
I stay beside him, trying to influence one player after another. Not all of them listen, but most do, and by the end of practice, Brecken has made four goals. His team has eleven points all together. The shirts can't keep up. I giggle with glee the whole way home. “That was so fun!” 
“You didn't do all that.” He faces forward, his expression grim.
“Most of it. All I had to do was whisper in their ears and they obeyed. It was fantastic.”
His frown deepens and he grips the steering wheel tighter. “That isn't right. You shouldn't do that.”
“Why not? It's why I'm here,” I say, returning Brecken's frown. “That's what guardian's do. Influence. I'm one of the good guys. Geez.”
He glances at me, his eyes squinting. “Do you even know who the bad guys are, Alisa?”
I ponder his question. “What do you mean? Bad guys are murderers, rapist, and child molesters. Yeah. I know who the bad guys are.” I can’t help but think of Mr. Roland or his tortured expression as he reached for me in Soul Prison. 
“That's not what I'm talking about.”
“Then what are you talking about?” I don't understand why he's trying to ruin my good mood. I'm not ready to argue again. I want to go back to the fun, happy, romantic Brecken. 
“There are bad guys out there that are spirits like you... or something.”
I laugh, shaking my head. “There are no bad guys like me. If they're truly evil, they're in Soul Prison.”
He shakes his head. “You don't get it. There are other... beings out there. Bad ones.” He glances at me again, his expression wary. “Don't tell me you haven't seen them.”
Uh, no. I haven't. There are evil spirits around? Doing what? Doing what guardians do but in reverse? Trying to get people into trouble? I'm not sure I believe that. Then I remember the ghostly beings that had swirled around Jill and the lady in red. But those weren't real spirits, actual people, like me. They were more like slithery demons.
“I haven't seen any spirits like me... who are bad,” I say hesitantly. I don't want to scare Brecken into thinking bad things might be lurking. He has enough problems as it is. “Bad spirits are held prisoner. They don't get to come here. I've seen it myself.” 
His snort tells me he can't believe I'm so naïve, and I don't correct him. “Hey, I'm just telling you how it is,” he says. “I've seen them. They're around.” He pulls into his driveway and gets out without saying another word.
I follow, sullen and thinking.
He throws his bag by the door and rummages for food in the kitchen, finding crackers and cheese-wiz. He sits on the couch and flips on the TV. I think about what he said, and about what I've seen, but he can't be right. Spirits would be aware of each other. Wouldn't I know if there was an evil minion trying to influence my charge? “So do you see evil ghosts? And if so, how often?” I sit down on the couch beside him.
“Not as much as I see you,” he says, teasing and crunching loudly on a cracker.
“Very funny.”
“Well,” he begins. “They're more like shadows. They're dark. They don't glow like you, and they don't ever talk. They just watch me.”
I ponder this. They sound just like the strange spirits I saw in the basement of that old house. They hadn't spoken either. They were just kind of there, seeming to silently suck the life force out of their host. “It doesn't make sense,” I say finally. “Who are they, and what do they want?”
He glances at me, still chewing, and shakes his head. “I don't know.”

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE
~Life Isn't Fair~
Alisa

The fact that Brecken is seeing other weird beings throws me for a loop. Totally confused, I know I need outside help with this one. Taking a mental breath, I close my eyes and picture Raphael's glowing face. A moment later, I stand outside his office door. The quick trip between worlds leaves me dizzy and for a moment, I rest against the wall. Then, before I lose my nerve, I rap on the wooden door three times.
Raphael greets me with a smile and a hug. “Alisa! How good to see you! How is everything?”
As if he doesn't know. “Fine.”
“Good, good. Have a seat.” He walks around his desk and sits in his chair, facing me. “So, you have some questions?”
I have tons of questions. And I decide to get one off my mind that's been there since I saw my brother at that old house. “Yeah. First off, why doesn't my brother, Derek, have a guardian? Or anyone else in my family, for that matter? Aren't they just as important as Brecken? Isn't everyone? Why haven't I seen any other guardians since I've been on earth?” I stare him down, daring him to say my family doesn't matter.
“Ah. Right to the point as always. How shall I explain?” he says mostly to himself as he steeples his fingers. “Everyone is watched over. Everyone. No one is left out... until they are past feeling. Past hearing. Too closed.”
“My brother is not closed!” 
“I never said he was. Let me finish, Alisa,” he says with a sigh. “Your job is different than a guardian angel's. You are in the processes of paying back a debt. You don't get to fraternize with other guardians, nor do you get to see other guardian angels. You have to do this on your own, like penitence. Understand?”
I nod slowly, starting to see the picture, but it isn't clear yet.
“Since you are in the general area, we thought we'd let you help watch over your family a bit. I knew you'd want see them, and honestly, I don't see the harm in it, which is why I'm allowing it.”
So visiting family isn't something everyone gets to do. Suddenly my heart warms toward Raphael just a bit more. “Thank you.” 
“As far as your brother goes,” he continues. “We are aware of his situation, but there are valuable lessons for him to learn. If he doesn't respond to our influence, there isn't much we can do. He'll have to learn the hard way.”
I don't want Derek to learn the hard way. He deserves to have a wonderful, happy life with as little stress as possible. 
Raphael seems to read my mind. “You can't force people to listen, Alisa. Haven't you noticed?”
A sarcastic chuckle escapes my mouth and I sit back, my arms crossed over my chest. “Nope. Haven't noticed that.”
“Any other questions?” he asks with compassion.
Letting out a long breath, I sit back up, facing Raphael fully. “Yes. Brecken says he sees... dark spirits. They don't talk to him or anything, but now I've seen them too. What are they? Who are they, and what do they want?”
“Hmm,” he says, flicking invisible dust from his desk. “I'd hoped we wouldn't have to have this conversation, but our luck hasn't held out.” He glances at me, his mouth drawn, his eyes sad. “But you should know since they are showing themselves.” He stops speaking for a moment and swivels in his chair to stare at the wall. “They are damned souls, Alisa. Souls that have never been born and never will be. They have been cursed to roam the earth forever because of the evilness of their hearts—because of evil choices they made long ago.” He turns and watches me with no emotion marring his expression, waiting.
Damned souls? Cursed? Evil choices? “But who are they?”
Raphael shakes his head slowly. “It doesn't matter. You have more influence than they do—more than they could ever dream of—because of the goodness inside you.”
“But they can influence people?” I ask to clarify.
He nods. “At times, yes. At other times, fully. They can possess the bodies they cling to if their host is weak.”
“But why? What do they want?” This is a whole new world of information I have to sift through. It's confusing, and I don't like surprises. I don't like learning there is an enemy team I have to fight against.
With a heavy sigh, he explains further. “They made a pact of sorts, eons ago, so they could experience the physical world. They acquire souls in trade for... well, the body.”
“Acquire souls? Like steal them or something? Who would make a pact like that? Not God.” I don't want to believe in a god who would promise someone's body to an evil being.
Raphael chuckles. “No. Of course not. Someone else. Just do your job and worry about Brecken.” 
“So they possess bodies?” My mind automatically goes to all the horror movies I've ever seen, like Exorcism or Twilight Zone. I don't want something like that to be real. It feels unsafe, making all humans vulnerable and defenseless. 
“In a manner of speaking, but not like you're thinking.” He sighs and leans back in his chair. “It's not something you need to worry about right now as you aren't a guardian angel. These are things guardian angels deal with. You only have to accomplish your one assigned task, and then someone else will be permanently assigned to Brecken if there's a need.”
I hadn't thought of anyone else guarding Brecken. I know I'm not an actual guardian angel, but the thought of someone else taking over for me leaves me aching and speechless. Then Raphael’s last words filter through my mind. “Wait. If there's a need? What's that supposed to mean?”
For a moment, Raphael's mouth sags, his brow furrowing, as though he is reluctant to admit he's made a mistake in saying anything at all. I can tell he doesn't want to answer, so I quickly reach over the desk and grab his hand. Flashes of light, scenes of Brecken's life, explode in my mind, painful and overwhelming. 
I push away, gaping at Raphael. “What was that?” I lean against his desk, my chest tight.
“You shouldn't have done that, Alisa.” He stares right back, his jaw clenching. “It's not for you to see.”
“You can see the future? Do you already know what's going to happen to Brecken? To... me?”
“It's not like that. Nothing is set in stone. What you saw,” he says with a sigh, “is what will happen if circumstances don't change.”
I back away toward the door, never taking my eyes from his face, shaking my head. “You're the only one who knows all the rules, aren't you? There's no such thing as free will. No one really gets to choose, do they? It's all just a game.”
“Alisa, no. That's not how it is.”
“I don't believe you.” All I can see is the heart-wrenching image of Brecken lying on the ground. Broken, bloody... and dead.

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO
~Procrastinating~
Brecken

Alisa is gone, but she hasn't actually run away this time. Brecken isn't sure what she is up to, but it's the perfect moment to call Jill. He still cares about her even though his feelings have changed, and he doesn’t want to end their relationship cold turkey. Not having her in his life would be strange and lonely, but he can’t in good conscience date her any longer. 
He doesn't know what the future holds with Alisa, but he can't keep stringing Jill along, letting her think they are a couple when they aren't. Even if Alisa never comes back, he just doesn't have those feelings for Jill anymore.
He picks up the phone.
Jill's voice, smooth and sweet, like warm lemon taffy, soon answers. His heart warms at the smile he hears in her words.
“Hey, Breck. I hated not being with you at all this weekend.”
He sighs, not knowing how to continue the conversation without it ending in a huge argument. “Yeah. Me too. You always cheer me up.” His comment sounds selfish to him. Has he only kept her around because she makes him feel good? “I wanted to talk to you about something, but not over the phone.” This was going to be hard. How can he break up with her when she cares so much about him? Maybe he should wait longer. It's not like he's in a hurry. It's not like his relationship with Alisa will evolve that much in the next day or two.
He'll take his time. Next weekend would be better for a breakup.
“Hmm. That doesn't sound good, Brecky. You sound so serious. What's wrong?” she asks, a pout in her voice.
“Nothing. It's just something we need to talk over, you know?”
“Is this about your medication? Because it doesn't bother me. I know you're taking those pills again. I saw them on your dresser. You know I'll stand by your side no matter what. I don't care what anyone says about you, baby.”
Irritation stabs at his heart. What people say about him? No one even knows about his pills except his family and Jill, and she wouldn't say anything to anyone else, would she? Jill cares about him. 

CHAPTER FORTY-THREE
~Fighting Destiny~
Alisa

I have to get back to Brecken fast—to protect him. I'll never leave his side again. If there is anything I can do to change the future, I'll do it.
Then another chilling thought hits me.
If Brecken dies, he'll be with me.
***
It's Wednesday morning and I haven't shared my vision with Brecken yet. I've been back with him for three days but haven't dared communicate the awful truth. I don't know if I can hold out much longer.
 He sits in his history class, his legs stretched out before him. I couldn't be more bored, yet my mind races, trying to understand how he is going die. I didn't exactly see that part when I touched Raphael. Will some drug dealer do the deed? Will he be hit by a drunk driver? Will he be the drunk driver? Am I supposed to protect him from himself? Someone else? I just don't know, and the energy it takes to figure it out leaves me testy and exhausted.
 I sit in an empty desk halfway across the room, picking at the hard, plastic desktop. Pen marks and old gum have hardened there, and memories of my own math classes resurface. I glance over at Brecken, remembering my conversation with Raphael, and notice that his black combat boots are untied again. I hate that look. I can't understand why he dresses this way. There isn't a goth bone in his body, so who is he trying to deceive? 
I know who he really is inside—compassionate, caring, lonely. And I've memorized every feature of his face, from his curly, mussed hair, to the twitch in his lip. I love watching him, love the way he takes care of his sisters. He isn't fooling anyone with this bad boy facade. 
Especially me. 
My heart warms, and it puts me in a less anxious mood. “Let's get out of here, Breck,” I say, knowing no one else can hear me. “I want to talk to you and it can't wait. It's important.” I try to make my voice pleasant, yet serious. 
He sighs and the two kids sitting beside him look up. His silent glare is enough to discourage their interest. His finger taps a rhythm on his thigh. 
“I spoke to someone in charge and there are some things you should know,” I say from across the room.
“Shh,” he whispers, a little too loudly. Other students turn and glare at him.
I can't help but giggle. “You're so cute when you're angry.”
“Be quiet!” he spits, not thinking, obviously.
“What did you say?” the teacher asks. 
Brecken closes his eyes and shakes his head. “I didn't say anything.” 
“Oh, really?” Her right eyebrow lifts into a thin, angry line.
“He told you to shut up,” the kid next to him offers with a grin. 
“I think it's time for a trip to the principal's office,” the teacher quips. 
***
Even though this is a serious event, I can't quit giggling. Mostly because Brecken sits in the chair across from the principal scowling, and the angrier he becomes, the funnier it seems. Maybe it's my way of coping.
“So, Brecken. What can you tell me about this incident with Mrs. Beecher?” the principal asks. He doesn't look or even sound mad. I don't think Brecken is in any real trouble.
“Yes, Brecken,” I mimic. “What can you tell us?”
Brecken looks up slowly. “It was nothing, Mr. Cheney. I was just thinking out loud,” he says.
“You were thinking the words, shut up and then accidentally said them out loud?” he asks, his voice incredulous.
“No, not exactly.” 
“Let me clear this up for you,” I answer. “Brecken is very upset at me so he lashed out, unthinking, and told his teacher to shut up.” I chuckle to myself. 
Mr. Cheney releases a slow breath. “I'm not going to suspend you even though this isn't the first time you've been here, but you really need to watch yourself.” He takes another breath, and hesitates as though disinclined to go on. “Brecken, I want to help you. I know you struggled last year with the death of your mom... and that you were diagnosed wi—”
“Stop,” Brecken says abruptly. “Just stop. There's nothing wrong with me.” He stands, his hands fisted, his face in an expression of anguish.
“I'm sorry. I didn't mean to imply there was,” Mr. Cheney says, also rising. “I'm just concerned. I know it must be hard with your dad gone so often and... ”
“I'm fine. Everything's fine.” Brecken turns, but before opening the door, he asks, “Can I leave?” He stares at the floor, not making eye contact.
“Yes,” Mr. Cheney answers.
I follow Brecken out. He walks down the hall, but doesn't go back to class. Instead, he swings his backpack up over one shoulder and goes outside, leaving the school behind.
“Brecken?” I screwed up, teasing him that way, getting him in trouble. My heart aches watching his sagging shoulders, his drawn expression, and I'm so embarrassed. I feel so stupid.
He just keeps walking.
“I'm really sorry,” I say. “I didn't know this would happen. I was just—”
“Teasing. Yeah, I know,” he says, finishing my sentence.
I don't know what else to say or how to finish this conversation. I walk a few steps behind and watch his head tilt toward the sidewalk. What is he thinking? It wouldn't be hard to find out. All I'd have to do is reach out and place my hand on his shoulder.
So I do.
Just as I thought, his feelings are those of embarrassment, despair, hopelessness, and last of all, loneliness. As far as his actual thoughts go, I'm still in the dark, but this gives me a pretty good idea about how he feels. I could have figured it out without touching him though. 
“Can we talk?” I ask finally.
He turns to me on the sunny, public sidewalk. Only a few people are out. An old man across the street edges his grass, and a lady on the other side of the road walks her dog. They pay no attention to him.
“What is there to talk about? I don't think this is going anywhere.” He continues walking, leaving me behind to stare in confusion.
What is he talking about? “Uh, you lost me there,” I call to him.
He doesn't stop to explain.
With a grimace, I follow him down the sidewalk, across a grassy quad where the soccer team practices, and through the tree line into a small, forested area. He stops at a low-branched tree, drops his backpack, and swings up to the first thick branch. 
I like the spot. If we walk twenty feet in any direction we'll be back on the street, but this patch of woods feels private, secluded. I float up to the branch beside him and sit with my legs hanging down.
“This is a cool place, Brecken.” I take in the birds that fly between the trees and moss-covered ground. “Do you come here a lot?” It's just shady enough that he can probably see me.
“No,” he says with a sigh. “It's usually full of students.”
I wait for him to continue. When he doesn't, I figure he's waiting for me. “Please talk to me. Tell me what's wrong.”
His expression is full of longing, yet resignation. He hesitates. “I really like you, Alisa, and I want more than anything for you to feel the same.” He jumps down from his branch, still pacing.
“I just don't think... ” He stops, looking up at me. “Dammit Alisa, what's wrong with you? Why did you do that to me in class today? Why did you try to get me in trouble? I feel like you don't even care about me. You always get mad, you're way over sensitive, you say mean things, and then don't act sorry... ”
I'm stunned. This is not what I'd expected. I pull back, as though taking on a barrage of bullets. “Wow, Brecken. Don't hold back.”
“I'm sorry, but if we can't even communicate without fighting... ”
“Okay. Wait,” I say, floating down from the branch to stand beside him. I can do this. I can have a normal conversation with a boy without screwing it up. I take a deep breath trying to think of something to lighten the mood. I come up with, “Does your girlfriend know you're dating someone else?” I mean it as a joke, but from the look on his face, he doesn't take it that way. 
Finally, he relaxes. Even chuckles. His eyes warm and the tenseness in his shoulders eases. “She suspects I'm seeing someone else.” 
I can't help but smile. The moment turns quiet and it's time to broach the subject I fear most. “Brecken, I... I'm not sure how to say this,” I hedge, trying to clear my thoughts.
“I know what you're going to say,” he says, leaning toward me.
“You do?”
“Yeah, and honestly, I feel the same way.”
I frown. “What are you talking about?”
“What are you talking about?”
“About why I'm here. About your future.” I am unable to get the picture of him lying dead out of my mind. The blood that pools around his body.
“Oh.”
“What did you think I was going to say?” I ask, even though I already know. He wants me to say I love him, that I want to be with him forever, that I can't stand for us to be apart, but I can't say that... for a million reasons, even though I want to.
Taking a deep breath, he cocks his head. “You look speckled where the sun filters through the branches.” He reaches out, his hand only inches from my face. 
The yearning inside pulls me deeper into that ocean that will never be mine. “I wish I could have met you a long time ago.” It's true, and since I don't know how much time we have together, I want him to know this. I don't want it to end without him understanding my feelings.
“Me too, Alisa.”
For that space in time, I soak him in, like a sponge dying on a blistering, sandy beach.
“Speaking of that,” he leans back and pulls another twig from the tree, “there's something I've been wondering. Where did you live when you were alive? Where are you from?” 
I laugh, amazed at the coincidence in my circumstances. “Actually, I'm from here. I didn't realize at first that they'd sent me to my hometown, and I don't know why they did, but I'm glad.”
“You're from here?” He leans forward. “I don't remember you from school.”
“I didn't go to your school. I didn't live on this side of town,” I say with a chuckle, surprised I could grow up in a city and not even recognize it when I came back.
“This side of town? What does that mean?”
“Umm, just that I lived in the Fruit Heights area,” I explain.
“Oh. You were a rich kid.” He sits back, a strange expression masking his features. One I've never seen before and don't recognize.
“Well, I'm not rich now. I don't even carry a wallet,” I joke, trying to bring back the lightheartedness of the previous moment.
“I don't know why I thought this would work,” he mumbles, his face becoming a mask I can no longer read. He stares off into space, lost in his thoughts. “I can't do this.”
“What do you mean?” 
“It doesn't matter,” he says, looking right into my eyes. 
What just happened? “Brecken!” I call as he walks away, discouraged at the widening chasm growing between us. The pain of rejection cuts deep. “How about we go to Canyon Park? I really like it there, and there's something I have to tell you and then... I promise, after that, I won't bother you anymore. I'll leave you alone... if that's what you really want.”
He watches me silently and wants to refuse. I can feel it, but for a moment, he softens and his jaw relaxes. “Why not right here? Right now?”
I look around. The school bell will ring any moment. Classes will be over. I don't want any interruptions. “It will just be better. Please?”
He hesitates, shifting his weight and looking down the street. Finally, he says, “All right.”
I sigh with relief. Maybe I can still fix this. Because if I want Brecken to know me, there is one conversation that has to happen... as much as I dread it.

CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR
~Confiding a Deep, Dark Secret~
Alisa

We arrive at Canyon Park on his motorcycle just as the sun begins to set. A stream bubbles past, tripping over stones in its way, singing a cheerful tune, oblivious to the roiling feelings inside us. I sit at the edge, wishing I could dip my feet and feel its cold current pulling against my ankles. Brecken sits next to me. 
“I'm not sure where to start.” I sigh in mental exhaustion. After all I've gone through, I just want to rest. I gaze at his beautiful face, determined to memorize each line, the way his eyes crinkle when he smiles, the way his lip twitches when he teases me, the way his mouth moves when he speaks. I can even smell him, like pine trees and Lever soap, a memory I never want to forget.
He watches me, curiously.
“What I'm about to tell you I've never told another living soul. Ever.” I search his face for any sign of sarcasm or impatience, but find none. My mind races and my chest tightens in dreadful anticipation. Can I really do this? Can I confess my darkest secret to him, all in the hope that he'll trust me? Understand me? Want me? 
“Okay. Go ahead.”
“I... want you to know me better. You know, before you decide to... ” I can’t believe I am about to have this conversation. 
He gives me a funny look and shakes his head at my silliness. 
“Okay. So here goes. When I was eight years old my best friend's dad started sexually abusing me.” I glance at his sunset-lit face to gauge his reaction. 
He studies me, his mouth dropping open. His brow creases into a frown and he actually reaches out to me. “That's not what I expected you to say.”
I nod. “He abused me for years, and my friend Natty too. Sometimes both of us together.”
“Oh, Alisa... ”
“Yeah.” I stand up and wrap my arms around my waist. I step into the middle of the stream, wishing it could carry me away like the dying leaves that float along its edge. 
Brecken beckons me to come back, his arm out, his hand open, and I glance into his beseeching eyes. He meets me on the muddy bank, his body barely brushing against mine, the wonderful tingle of his aura surrounding me.
With a hesitant sigh, I whisper. “It lasted a long time. Forever, it seems like.”
“I'm so sorry that happened to you.”
“It was my brother, Derek, who finally figured it out.” I shake my head, wanting to clear it of the horrible memories, but they flood back, like roiling tidal waves on the ocean, tossed back and forth with the force of the storm. 
“I'd accidentally left my clothes in the bathroom after a bath. My underwear had blood on them. I wasn't old enough to have periods, and I guess my brother knew it. I remember him coming into my room, holding my dirty clothes. He stared at me, like he wanted to kill someone. I'm not sure how he figured it all out, because I wouldn't talk about it, but he must have told my parents, because a few days later, Mr. Roland was arrested. I never opened up to Derek, even after that. Mr. Roland died in prison a couple years later. It was Natty who testified against him. I couldn't do it. ”
Brecken's eyes squint shut, his lips drawn back like he is going to be sick. “I'd kill anyone who did that to my sisters.”
“I know. That's how Derek felt, and your sisters need you so much. You have to protect them. There are other bad people out there like Mr. Roland!”
“Is that why you killed yourself?” he asks me softly, his eyes round and glowing in the sunset.
I sigh and step back. How do I explain my tortured life? I don't think I can do it accurately. “Partly,” I say. “My life was complicated. When my grandmother died, I was so unhappy, so lonely, but I kept going. I began healing. But when Natty, my best friend, got cancer and died, I died with her. I couldn't deal with anything anymore. I didn't care anymore. My one confidant who'd understood my hidden pain was gone. My parents got me antidepressants, but after I started taking them, I felt even worse, like a black hurricane constantly surrounded me, heavy and polluted. I ached with despair... all the time. I can't explain it, but I had to make it stop. I just needed it to stop.”
Brecken nods. “So then what?” 
“So then... I drove into a tree. I got what I wanted, except I didn't. Nothing is what you imagine it is after you die. You don't get to rest. You don't get wings. You don't get to be with loved-ones, not if you kill yourself. You do get to work though. Dead people work all the time,” I say with a sarcastic laugh. 
Brecken chuckles as though he understands what I mean. “You poor thing. And then you were sent here to deal with a loser like me.” 
My heart fills with something I can’t explain. “You're not a loser, Brecken. You're the furthest thing from it.” I have come to understand this boy, and now, hopefully, he can understand me. I step closer, aching to feel him for real, to feel the heat of his breath on my face, the warmth of his hands on my back.
“I... ” My unsaid words drift on the soft breeze, and I wonder for a moment if I can really say them out loud. I don't want to keep my feelings to myself anymore. What if I never get the chance again to tell him? 
“Brecken, I... love you,” I whisper. I would never normally tell a guy I love him. In fact, I would have rather died—figuratively speaking—than tell a guy I even liked him, but I have a feeling my time with Brecken is drawing to a close. I want to tell him what's in my heart before it's too late, before I'm snatched away and never get the chance. 
“I'm still not sure how this all works,” I hurry to explain. “But I might not have a lot of time left with you, and I just want you... to know... or whatever.” With a nervous laugh, I step back. “You know what I mean.” My heart lies open at his feet. Never have I felt so vulnerable, so fragile.
“Uh...” He smiles, warmth curling his lips into a grin. “Thank you, Alisa. I... don't know what to say.”
“This is the point where the boy usually says, 'I love you too.' ” The fact that he hasn't leaves a raw spot in my chest that threatens to rip deeper, depending on his next words. 
“I'm not sure... I'm ready to say that again,” he says, glancing quickly into my eyes, and then back down at the stream.
Rip. Like a blade of grass on an early winter morning. One wrong step and I'll be completely smashed. I stand on the border of rejection once again. “I thought you'd say something different.”
His hands rake through his windblown hair, making it even messier. “I want to, but... I don't know if it's a good idea,” he says in frustration. “Here's what I want to say.” He turns to me suddenly. “Yes, I feel the same way. Yes, I want you. But it won't be that way. I'm pretty sure about that. It doesn't seem to matter what I want. I never get it.”
“Then take what you want!” I yell back at him. “You're still human. You have a physical body. Do you even know what that means?” My chest heaves even though air is not being sucked into my lungs. 
“You don't understand, Alisa. You can't. And it doesn't matter anymore. I'm tired,” he says. “Can you see that?” Anguish coats his face and he turns to trudge back up the hill toward his motorcycle.
“Brecken... please don't go. Please—”
“I'm sorry, too.” He watches me silently for a moment before continuing up the path, the gravel crunching beneath his feet.
“I thought sharing my past with you would make a difference,” I yell at his stiff back. 
He stops, but doesn't turn around. The soft evening breeze lifts his hair and it stirs around his neck. “It did. It does. I... I just... need time.”
I watch him grow smaller as he guns his bike and peels out of the parking lot. 
“You don't have time,” I whisper to myself.

CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE
~A Broken Heart~
Alisa

I've never been dumped before. A raw, open slice through my soul has left me unsteady and aching. 
I don't know how to fix this. 
Brecken obviously needs some time alone, and so do I, but the longer I dwell on my situation, the worse I feel. I decide to look for my brothers. They need me too, and if I can help fix their screwed up situations, maybe it will take my mind off of mine.
I picture Tyler's face in my mind, the light brown of his milk-chocolaty eyes, and his dusty-blond hair with the cowlick in back that makes it always stick up. My heart aches for him, all alone with no one to support him. 
Ever since he and Derek walked out on my mom, things have felt disconnected. Where did Derek take Ty, who still needs his mother? He is too young to hang out with Derek's friends, too young to sit in on grownup conversations, and too young to be exposed to whatever Derek has started with his new rebellion. 
Tyler needs someone to hold him when he cries, to ask about his day, to comfort him when hopelessness surrounds him like a pack of ravaging wolves, and I don't trust Derek to do that anymore.
Within seconds, I appear at Ty's side. He sits on the back porch of a house that seems vaguely familiar to me, but I can't place it. I sit next to him and gaze at his drawn face, but I'm unable to tell what he feels just by looking at his somber expression, so I place my hand over his.
Feelings of loneliness drift over me, but aren't overwhelming. Ty is sad, but not despondent like before. With a sigh, I look up at the blue afternoon sky. This peaceful moment, holding my brother's hand, is just the medicine I need, and hopefully what Ty needs too. 
After a moment, the glass door behind us slides open. A woman I recognize as Derek's best friend's mom steps out with two full glasses of lemonade.
“Here you go, sweetie.” She hands one to Tyler.
“Thanks,” he answers quietly.
She sits on the step next to him and sips her drink. “It's a nice day, isn't it?”
“Yeah.”
She looks into his eyes. A sparkling love radiates there. “I spoke to your Dad today. He says your mom is doing great and getting better fast. He's glad you're here with us, and so am I.” 
“Yeah, me too,” Tyler answers. “But I miss my family.”
“I know,” she says, nodding and staring out into her backyard. “It's hard, but you'll get through it, Tyler. You're a wonderful, smart boy. But it will take time.”
“I guess.” He bows his head. “I wish Alisa were here.”
His comment pierces my heart like an arrow, and I put my arm around him, willing him to know that I am here, loving him and missing him too.
“Yes,” Mrs. Reynolds said. “Alisa's death is a terrible thing. I'm so sorry it happened.”
“Me to,” Tyler says, staring at his untouched lemonade.
I hate hearing this. I can't seem to escape the repercussions of my terrible decision. Oh, to go back in time, to change the course of events, to be with my family. And yet, I take each guilt-ridden barb into my heart. I deserve to hear this—deserve to feel the pain I've caused. I welcome the torture of Tyler's words. Maybe saying them out loud will help him heal. If I can suffer that for him, even for a moment, I will gladly. 
“Didn't she care about me?” he asks suddenly. Tears well in his eyes and threaten to spill over his reddening cheeks. His voice breaks and he tucks his head into the circle of his arms, hiding his face.
“Oh, honey.” Mrs. Reynolds sets her glass down and takes him in her arms. “I'm sure she did, but from what Derek said, she was taking medicine that made it hard for her to feel good or to think things through.”
A sob escapes him and he leans into her, still hiding his face. After a moment, Ty's tears slow, and he sits up, wiping his face. 
Mrs. Reynolds gives him another squeeze, then picks up her drink and takes a sip. “It'll all be okay,” she says. “Your mom is getting help, and everything will go back to normal.”
Tyler glances at her and nods, but I can tell he doesn't agree. 
Things will never be normal again.

CHAPTER FORTY-SIX
~A Bad Plan~
Alisa

For two weeks, Brecken and I hardly speak. He is on his best behavior: no stealing, no smoking, no swearing. He doesn't even go out with Jill during that time. I have no reason to lecture him, influence him, or correct him on any bad behavior. I don't do much but follow him around. I start wondering if maybe there is nothing left for me to do here. Maybe my job is over. If so, why am I still here? Why hasn't Raphael pulled me back to Idir Shoal?
I flit back to Tyler often, and he begins to improve. A smile returns to his face, and he becomes friends with Mrs. Reynolds other son, Gavin, who is only a couple years older. 
I visit my mom as often as I can, and one time I overhear the doctor say she can go home soon. Everything seems to be turning around. 
One evening, as twilight approaches, I sit on a park bench with Brecken, watching Heidi and Sophie play on the swings. Dramatic brush-strokes of pink and orange paint the sky as the sun sets behind the rounded hills, and a soft breeze blows. Relaxed, I find myself releasing the tension I've been feeling around Brecken.
Things have come to a place where we can communicate again. Kind of. Which is good because I still haven't told him about the vision I saw in Raphael's office. The time is just never right. But I have high hopes that we'll soon broach the subject. 
Like right now.
“Can we please just sit without talking,” he says before I can get one word out.
 For a moment, I almost acquiesce, but the time for procrastination has passed. It's now or never. “Isn't that what we've been doing for the last two weeks?”
He doesn't answer.
“Breck. We need to talk.” I scoot closer to him, within touching distance... because being close to him somehow soothes me—and I hope him too.
He glances over and shrugs in a whatever kind of way and goes back to watching his sisters. 
I take a deep breath and clear my throat. It's an old habit. “You need to know that something really bad lies ahead and I'm worried.”
“Something bad always lies ahead.” He stares right through me, his gaze hard, cold, and frustrated. “That's just a given for me.”
“Is it?” 
He shakes his head, his jaw flexing. “Of course. Why else would you even be here, Babysitter?”
I turn to watch the girls, mulling over his statement. Why is everything so hard with him? Why does everything feel like a battle? Why is it I can't get through, can't explain my feelings, can't understand his? 
I shift uncomfortably.
He seems to sense my frustration because his eyes soften and the sun sparkles deep through his blue irises, unfathomable, like a bottomless ocean abyss. “All right,” he whispers. “Let's talk. You go first.”
“Chicken,” I say with a chuckle. At least he is warming up. It is a step in the right direction. If he is willing to forgive me for running away all the time, I am willing to forgive him for stomping all over my heart. Over and over again.
“Let's go inside so I can see you better.” He holds out his hand and I take it, the tingle of his touch tickling my fingers. Even though I'm sure he can't really feel me, I enjoy his fingers brushing through mine. I follow him inside to the living room. 
One lamp glows in the corner and the TV is muted. The drawn curtains block the evening sun, and darkness blankets the room. We sit on the couch and face each other, my mind racing. 
“I see you,” he whispers, inhaling deeply. “And I love the way you smell. Like cinnamon rolls on Sunday morning.” Back to the old Brecken I love. He tries to take my other hand unsuccessfully, and clears his throat. The smile he beams at me fills my heart, and I can't stop smiling either. “Alisa, I've changed my mind. I want to go first. Okay?”
I nod, wondering what he feels compelled to say to me after two weeks of self-inflicted solitary confinement. I pray it isn't something that will ignite another argument.
“I've been thinking pretty seriously about something. I know I've been weird these past two weeks, but I've been trying to decide what to do.”
“Okay.”
“When you came, something inside me clicked. I didn't want to admit it, and I'm still not sure what it is, but I'd lived without it for a very long time. It's hard to change and I have reflex habits that are difficult to let go of, but I want to try. Finally, I want to try, if you can be patient with me.”
His words send a thrill through me, tingling from the inside out. The zing feels undeniably wonderful. 
 “My life... this life I'm living, seems like a dream, and sometimes a complete waste of time, especially with all the other guardians they've sent, but you are different than any of them. I felt it immediately.” He tries to squeeze my hand, but his fingers pinch together instead. 
I squeeze back.
“I have an aunt who lives a half hour away. I'm going to take Heidi and Sophie there. She'll be a great mom to them and will really love them. She has wanted us to come live with her for a long time.”
“Oh, Brecken. That's so great! I'm so happy. The girls need a mother and with your dad gone so much... not that you aren't doing a great job, but, you know.”
“Yeah. That's what I thought, too. They'll love it there. She even has a swimming pool.”
Brecken scoots closer and puts one arm around the back of the couch so I am enclosed in his arms. It feels so right, but a battle rages in my heart. No matter how much I pretend, I can't have this boy. No matter how much I wish it, he can't have me. I'm dead. He's alive. This little play we're enacting will end.
He leans forward, the shadows of the room playing across his face, his eyes appearing like dark, glossy pools of mystery. “Alisa, I want to be with you. I know I was mean when you first told me about killing yourself, and I'm sorry, but it got me thinking. Dying can be fast and over quickly. Families move on in time. I've seen that firsthand. What I'm saying is... well, I have everything planned, and I want you with me the entire time.” 
I lean away to better read his expression. “Wait. What?” 
He continues in a heated rush. “We'll have to wait until we get back from my aunt's, but tonight's the night.” He smiles, his eyes filled with hope as he watches me.
“Maybe I'm slow,” I say. “But are you telling me you want to kill yourself?”
He sits back, his brows pulled together, the corner of his mouth lifting in question. “You, of all people, should understand.”
His comment stings just a bit. “You can't do this. Why would you? Especially when you were so awful to me about it? You can't really mean to...”
“Why not?” He gets up and walks around the table, his hands gesticulating as he paces. “We would be together. There's nothing here for me anymore. I'm tired of trying to hide who I am. I want—” 
“Brecken. Stop. You can't kill yourself!” I jump up and hurry over to him. “It doesn't work like that. We'd never get to be together. Ever.” I stare hard into his eyes, holding both his hands. “And what about your sisters? They need you.”
He backs away. “No they don't. They don't even like me. They pretty much ignore everything I say. It wouldn't disrupt their lives in any way.”
“Oh, Brecken, it would. You have no idea how much your life impacts theirs. And what about your dad? He needs you. Do you have any idea what this would do to him? First he lost his wife, and then you?” I can’t believe these words are coming from my mouth. They sound so mature, so responsible, tumbling from my hypocritical lips.
He plops down onto the La-Z-Boy, his hands cradling his head. “I'm just so tired.”
I kneel before him, wishing more than anything I could take him in my arms and make him forget his misery. I wish so much I could have met him long ago when I was still alive. 
So much opportunity wasted. 
“I know, Brecken. I felt the same way once. I truly did.” I try to smooth back his hair, but my fingers brush right through the silken strands, impotent. 
He gazes at me, wearing an expression of hopelessness. “I need to go.” He stands, walks to the table, and grabs his car keys. “My aunt is expecting the girls by four.”

CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN
~Determined to Die~
Brecken

Brecken can’t believe Alisa's reaction to his plan. He thought she'd be excited, that she'd want to be with him too, on a heavenly plane. But maybe she's right. Maybe it doesn't work like that. But it doesn't make him feel any better. In fact, he feels stupid and embarrassed about the whole thing. He shouldn't have told her. He should have just gone done it and let it be a surprise.
They drive in silence to his aunt's house, Sophie, babbling to herself as she plays with little animal toys. Heidi mostly stares out the window—like always—with a bored expression, ear buds in her ears, music blaring.
“You should turn that down,” he says, waving his hand in front of her face to catch her attention.
She glances at him and shrugs, ignoring his suggestion.
It's typical of the way Heidi treats him. She doesn't like him. She'll be glad he's gone and won't care at all. Sophie is the only one who might feel bad, and he'll miss her and her cute, childish imagination, her sweetness.
 Alisa sits in the back with Sophie, not saying anything. What does she know anyway? She can only judge from her own experiences. She has no idea how he feels, what he is going through, what his outcome will be.
He still hasn't broken up with Jill and if he takes himself out now, he won't have to. That would solve one problem. It just doesn't seem important to continue on. His dad doesn't care—as far as he knows. His mom is the only one who truly loved him, and now she is gone. 
She never came back to see him after her death, and he fully expected her to. It's a huge disappointment. She knew of his “gifts” and he'd thought for sure, she of all people, would come back. Maybe she didn't love him like he thought. His heart aches with that possibility. 
Everything is just too hard. Every morning when he wakes up, it takes monumental effort to get out of bed. His life is falling apart and he's starting to have nightmares again, just like he had as a child. 
In these terrifying dreams, he is always on a fiery battlefield, surrounded by hellish fiends, his heart torn with guilt—as though he has betrayed his friends. And the fear... 
He doesn't know what he's done to warrant such feelings. He wakes up exhausted and terrified. Brecken hasn't told anyone about the dreams, and he isn't about to. People think he is crazy enough as it is.
No. Suicide is his best option. 
His miserable life can end, and Alisa will forgive him just like he forgave her. 

CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT
~Forever Battling~
Alisa

Brecken doesn't say one word to me after we drop off the girls. We come straight home, and he jumps out of the car, storming toward the house.
“Brecken, wait!” I stand in front of him. “I thought we decided suicide wasn't an option.” I walk toward him as he fingers his keys. His eyes are wet, red, and horribly sad. 
“That was your conclusion. Not mine.” 
He barrels through me. The rush of him fills me for a split second, but it's long enough to take my breath away, figuratively speaking. Every bit of matter—or whatever souls are made of—melds with him. For a moment, we become one, and that rush consumes my entire being. 
I can't help but gasp and fall to one knee. I want to cling to that moment, but before I can even blink, he moves on, and I'm left empty. A vacuum. 
Did he feel the same surge? The same emotion? The same... merging? Did he feel anything at all? Dizzy, my mind spins in a million directions.
“Brecken,” I gasp, pulling myself up to face him, feeling like I will hyperventilate at any moment. “I want you to be happy. Of course I'd love to spend forever with you, but the only way to make that happen is for you to live your life and die the right way.” 
He searches my face, looking breathless himself. His chest heaves and the pain in his eyes beseeches me to understand. “Maybe this is the right way... for me.” He reaches out, but there is nothing for him to hold but thin air. His hands fall to his sides. “Maybe this is my destiny. Maybe it's supposed to happen like this. Just like you dying was meant to happen so we could meet.”
“Brecken. Listen to what you're saying. I wasn't meant to die. I was meant to live, to get married, and to have a family. I screwed it all up. One-hundred percent. We weren't meant to meet like this.” 
His expression falls and he turns away. “Then maybe nothing is meant to be. Maybe there's no purpose and everything's just an accident, and if that's the case, what's the point?”
I don't have an answer. I'm still confused myself. How can I possibly explain life and death when I am just as lost as he is?
Before I have a chance to say anything else, Brecken's cell phone rings. It doesn't take a genius to figure out who it is. I hear her pouty, falsetto voice clear over on the other side of the room.
“Hey, Jill,” Brecken says when he answers. After a pause, he glances over at me. “Uh, I don't know. I'm kind of busy tonight.” He's quiet for a moment. “Yeah, I know. Okay, I guess.”
More jabbering from Jill.
“All right. But only for an hour. Yeah. I think so too.” He holds the phone to his ear with a pained expression, and then glances at me. The conversation continues to drag on.
“No, everything's fine,” he says. “Yeah, okay. Six o'clock. I'll be there. Bye.”
I try not to glare, to not feel jealous or hurt, but if he thinks he can just leave me behind and hang out with his girlfriend...
“So,” he says, glancing at me. “Jill wants me to come over for a little while.” He takes in my expression and hurries to add, “I think it would be a good time to tell her my feelings have changed, and to... break up.”
I cross my arms over my chest, and continue glaring. I agree it's time for him and Jill to break up, and it has to happen sometime, just not tonight. After our conversation earlier, I want to make sure he doesn't do anything stupid. And if he is with Jill, only stupid is possible. 
“Come on, Alisa. It will only be an hour at the most. Don't be mad. I'm tired of fighting.”
“I'm not mad.”
“Right.” 
Sighing, I turn to him. “Fine. You're right.” I lean my head against the back of the couch, closing my eyes. So tired. So drained.
“After I come home, we'll have the whole evening to talk.”
“After you come home? You honestly think I'm going to let you go alone?” I watch him incredulously. He really thinks I'll just sit here and wait?
“Well, it's kind of a private conversation. No one wants to get dumped in front of an audience.” He walks back out to his car and gets in. I stand beside his window—having followed him like a lost puppy, ready to jump inside too. 
“I promise to come home as soon as I can, and I'll tell you all about it. Please let me do this alone.”
A storm rages inside me. All the reasons I should say no are forefront in my mind. I don't trust Jill, and I can't trust Brecken not to be sucked in by her lies. How can I let him go alone? Yet I want him to trust me. There can never be a relationship between us if I don't start showing him that I trust his judgment too.
With a sigh, I agree. I'll let him dump his doofus girlfriend in private, but then he is all mine.

CHAPTER FORTY-NINE
~Beginning to Heal~
Alisa

I sit alone, staring at the white, pictureless wall in Brecken's living room. With the girls and Brecken gone, the quiet soon becomes tedious and lonely. Rather than waste time, and since I haven't seen her in a few days, I decide to visit my mom.
A moment later, I'm at her side. She's content, in her bed, her blankets fluffed around her, looking through a photo album. Dark hair hangs lustrously about her shoulders and she wears my red-plaid pajama bottoms with a white tank top. 
My clothes.
She robbed my closet, and a warmth I haven't felt in a long time gratifies me. I sit cross-legged next to her on the bed and lean near to see the pictures she's focused on. They are from the last campout we went on the summer before I died. Stately pines make the perfect backdrop to the mountain lake scene. I can almost smell the scent of wild flowers on the remembered breeze.
Most of the photos are of my brothers and me. In one, I hold a trout I caught. It dangles from my fingers, its gills spread wide in death. There are a couple shots of us laughing in a canoe. Two seconds after that picture was taken, Derek tipped us over. An unforgettable water fight had ensued. Such happy memories. Had I been depressed then? I'm not sure, but it doesn't look like it. 
My mother probably wonders the same thing. She doesn't look sad though, and she isn't crying. Her clear eyes shine, and her skin glows a healthy pink. She runs her fingers over our faces and smiles.
“I'm here, Mom,” I whisper, touching her shoulder. I want so badly for her to know I'm with her, that I understand, that I don't blame her for anything. 
Hearing the sound of feet on the stairs, I turn. Mom's bedroom door bursts open. Tyler lopes to the bed and jumps on, rolling right over me so he can sit next to Mom.
“Hi!” He hugs her waist. “Whatcha lookin' at?”
I pull back, staring at him in surprise. He seems a completely different kid than he was just a few weeks ago.
Mom wraps her arms around him and kisses the top of his head. “Just some pictures. Remember this one?” She points to us in our sleeping bags. “It was such a fun trip.”
A sad expression comes over his face, and his smile turns into a frown. “Yeah, that was fun.” He grabs the remote from the nightstand and flips on the TV. “Want to watch a movie?”
“Sure,” Mom answers. 
He searches the list of recorded movies and clicks on the most recent Transformers film. One I'd thought was monumentally stupid, but I snuggle in to watch anyway. Not ten minutes later, my dad comes in carrying my favorite treat in the world. 
Hot buttered popcorn.
“I come bearing sustenance,” he exclaims dramatically, and plops down on his side of the bed, placing the giant bowl on Ty's lap. I wish I could smell its salty-butteriness as strongly as I used to. I can sense its wonderful aroma, but it's different from when I had a physical body. In Idir Shaol, I can smell everything—the flowers, trees, shrubbery—but here, my senses are dulled, and I distinctly feel the lack.
For the next two hours, I bask in my family's company and wish Derek were here too. I snuggle by my dad, garnering strength and confidence, and then I move to lean against my mother's shoulder to feel her spirit. She seems happy now, relaxed. Maybe they are on their way to healing... finally.
When the movie ends and Ty has been sent off to bed, I realize how late it is. I jump from the bed, giving my parents a quick peck on the cheek, then focus on Brecken's house. He is probably waiting for me. 
I appear at his house instantaneously.
He isn't there.

CHAPTER FIFTY
~Blocked~
Alisa

I check the clock. It's been three hours since Brecken left. Plenty of time to tell her she is wacko and get back home. I should have been here earlier, waiting. I shouldn't have spent so much time with my family. 
I focus on Brecken, concentrating on him and only him. 
I anticipate re-appearing at Jill's house, but instead I materialize in front of the old rundown house where I saw the unearthly fraternity meeting. He can't be here. I frown and step forward to go through the closed front door.
As soon as I step onto the porch, I smack into an invisible barrier and ricochet back, tripping on the bottom step and falling. This is disturbingly like trying to go over the diamond bridge. The similarity is not lost on me. I try again, but the same thing occurs. An unseeable force blocks my way. I can't go in. Plain and simple.
This has never happened to me on Earth. If Brecken is here, I should be able to go to him. Nothing should stand in my way. My spirit prickles at this new development. 
I close my eyes and think of Brecken's face, focusing harder this time, concentrating on the deepness of his eyes, the softness of his full lips—things I shouldn't be thinking of—and close my eyes. I don't feel the familiar tug and pull in my belly, yet I open my eyes, fully expecting to be by his side. 
Nope. Nothing.
A deep foreboding fills me. A dark fear. The heaviness of failure. 
A sense of urgency stabs at me, and I wrack my mind for a solution, but the harder I try, the emptier my mind becomes, like a sieve losing sand. There has to be a way. 
But what?
I'll go straight to the source and find out for myself. Moments later, I stand at Raphael's office door, panicked, pounding on the hard wooden surface. 
For the first time, the door doesn't open.
I stare, stunned. A vast, black hole opens inside my chest, and all feelings of hope are sucked into a void of nothing. In despair, I sink to my knees, my hands covering my face, each breath slow and filled with desperation. 
Then I feel a hand on my shoulder. I turn to see Anaita's brilliantly blue eyes. 
“He's not here,” she says. “He won't be back for quite a while. I'm in charge for the time being.” She doesn't smile or offer any other information. Just stands with her hands clasped before her. Cold. Rigid.
She could offer to help, but from the tightness of her lips, the narrowness of her eyes, I know she won't. Brecken could die because of her haughty selfishness. I hate her more in that moment then I ever have before. 
“I need Raphael right now!” I cry, feeling pathetic under her stare. 
“Sorry. Nothing I can do about that.” Her eyes do not invite me to confide, but who else can I turn to? I need someone, anyone, who knows how things work.
“I can't get to Brecken,” I hurry to explain. “For some reason, I'm... locked out. I need help.” I watch and wait for her to express concern or worry. 
She gives me a cold smile and sighs. “Come to my office.”
I follow her down the hall, wishing she'd move faster, but she continues as though we have all eternity to solve my problem. Her office, which is half as big as Raphael's, is much more plush, with fluffy, white pillows sitting on a red velvet couch, and multicolored candles burning on every surface. She walks behind her desk and sits down, ushering me to a chair across from her.
I balance on the edge, ready to fly back to Brecken. “We need to hurry, Anaita. I think Brecken's in serious trouble.”
“Indeed, he is,” she says, not seeming the least bit worried.
I don't have time for niceties. I'm done pretending. “Well? What are you waiting for?” 
“You seem to think there's something we should do.” She reclines and steeples her fingers in her lap.
I tamp down the desire to scream, to rip out her condescending eyes, her full, pouty lips. I've already wasted too much time. What if Jill is drinking his blood at this very moment? What if, heaven forbid, he's going forward with his plan to kill himself? What if he's dead already? 
“A month ago, you didn't care one whit about his boy. What could possibly have changed?” she asks with a sly smile. 
I lean forward, my hands white-knuckled. I refuse to be embarrassed or ashamed. “Please. Help me.”
“First, tell me the truth,” she demands, grinding her teeth and leaning forward also.
“What do you mean? I don't have time for this!”
“You do know what I mean, but please, waste time asking stupid questions.” 
Her words bite, but I can only think of Brecken. I'll go through any humiliation to see him again. “Fine. I love him. But I'm sure you're already aware of this. Now will you help me?” I drop my hands from the desk and stand straight, my shoulders squared. 
With a tired sigh, Anaita leans back. “Sit down, Alisa. There's nothing you can do for Brecken at the moment.”
“What do you mean?” I sit reluctantly, my heart aching. Why is she stalling? What is wrong with this woman?
“There's a reason you were sent to help Brecken, and it wasn't so you could fall for him, although most bad boys are alluring, aren't they?” She smiles, but it doesn't reach her eyes. “I've always been drawn to them myself.”
“I'm not like you.”
“Hmm. Be that as it may, you have broken the rules. What would you say if I told you, that because of your behavior, you have been removed from this assignment?” Her eyes narrow and she leans forward as though she morbidly anticipates my misery.
My heart sinks in disbelief. She can't pull me from my guardianship. She isn't in charge. It's up to Raphael. 
“Nothing to say?” She sits back, relaxed. “No crying for another chance? No begging?”
“When will Raphael be back?” I'm done playing cat and mouse. I don't have to be here, and I don't want her help anymore. 
“I already told you. I don't know. But I will tell you this—it's already too late.” 
I stare at her, shaking my head. I look straight into her eyes. “You're a real piece of work, lady.” Full of disgust, I turn for the door. “I'll find a way to help Brecken myself.”
“You do that.” 
Looking back over my shoulder, I give her my best glare. 
She doesn't seem fazed. 
I run as soon as the office door closes behind me. 

CHAPTER FIFTY-ONE
~A Nice Surprise~
Alisa

I will myself to appear in the basement of the old house—not on the front porch, not in the filthy living room with pizza boxes, or anywhere else. I have to get inside. I have to see for myself that Brecken is all right. 
Still, to my dismay, I cannot enter. Whatever barred my entry before, bars my way still. Frustrated beyond belief, I do the only thing I can think of. 
I go home.
To my surprise, my parent's house bustles with activity. Long time neighbors are in the kitchen washing dishes, chopping vegetables, and visiting. Others sit at the kitchen table cutting out pictures and scrap-booking. In confusion, I hurry to the living room to find my Aunt Karen sitting on the couch drinking peppermint tea with my mother.
They laugh, their eyes sparkling with happiness as they reminisce about their childhoods. The sunset gleams brightly through the large, front window of our spotless house. 
This is how it used to be.
An indescribable ache stabs at my chest as the realization of what I've thrown away is displayed before me. If only I'd understood, if only I'd known what I was giving up. If only some wounded soul like me had come to me beforehand and warned me of the danger of taking my own life, I wouldn't be here like this.
Trapped and miserable. 
I float up through the ceiling to Ty's room, wondering if he is home. Sure enough, he's at his desk, working diligently on a model airplane. I've never understood how he can sit for so long, so focused, his fingers steady. 
After giving Ty an invisible hug and kiss, I push back down through the floor, glancing at the ladies in the living room and continue on to Derek's room in the basement. As I suspect, he isn't there. Dust motes float in a single ray of sunlight that filters through the small window. His bed is made—Mom must have done that—and a newly folded pile of clothes lies next to his pillow. 
How long has he stayed away? Does he even know Mom is home from the hospital? Does he ever come back to get clean clothes? I let the anger at his cruelty to our family filter through me. He should give our mom another chance. He shouldn't hold a grudge for so long. His refusal to forgive is hurting our whole family.
As soon as I think this, guilt nags at me. 
I am doing the same thing in a way. 
But I am holding onto hate for Mr. Roland, not someone in my family, and what he did was worse. He deserves my hate. He deserves to rot for eternity. How could I possibly forgive him? Wouldn't that be like saying what he did was okay? 
I can't do that.
But Derek should forgive our mom. She wasn't in her right mind when she hurt Tyler. She shouldn't be held accountable. It wouldn't be fair. 
Tired of analyzing, and missing Brecken like a crippled bird yearning to take flight, I go in search of him. My family is okay, on the road to healing, and I can concentrate on my new love—I mean my new job. 
I close my eyes and shimmer out of sight, my spirit tingling in anticipation. I pray it will work this time, pray I'm not too late. I appear in Brecken's kitchen. He walks in at the very same time, a look of irritation plastered on his face. He slams the door shut behind him, not even realizing I'm there.
“Where have you been?” I demand out of frustration, sounding overly parental. “I've been looking everywhere for you.” I stand with my hands on my hips, like my mom used to. I rush to drop them.
He looks up in astonishment and searches the room for me. “I've been trying to console Jill. She's been crying all evening. I couldn't leave her alone like that. I feel terrible.” He drops down on the couch and rubs his face, deep lines creasing his forehead.
“You feel terrible? For her?” I fairly scream. “I've been all over the place looking for you. I was so worried. I even went back to Idir Shaol! For some reason I couldn't get to you, and I tried over and over, and I agonized over all the things that could have happened to you! Then I went to that old house, but something kept blocking me from going inside, and all I could think was that Jill had hurt you, or you'd killed yourself, and that I'd failed, and would never see you again, and—”
He looks up, his eyebrows creased. “You looked for me in Idir Shaol? Where's that?”
“It's... like Heaven. And I knew you weren't there. The point is that I thought Jill had done something to you.” I can see by the look on his face that he still doesn't completely believe the story I told him about Jill drinking his blood. 
“I'm sorry you were worried, but you didn't need to be. I don't actually need a guardian. And... that's where I was,” he says listlessly.
I fall onto the couch, holding my head in my hands. After all I've been through, the heartache, the worry—and he was with Jill the whole time. He doesn't even act like he cares. That is the worst part.
“Okay. I just... I was just so worried and I don't like you being with her.” 
He snorts and shakes his head. “I've also been trying to ditch him.” He gestures over his shoulder to the lazy boy recliner. “He has followed me all night.”
I don't see anything. “Who?”
“The gray guy.”
The gray guy? “What are you talking about?” Did he mean one of those dark evil spirits? A shadow fiend or dark minion, like the one Jill and the Lady in Red have? But I can't see it.
I have the sudden urge to back up. 
“I used to call him the Shadow Man when I was little. He scared the crap out of me back then. Especially since I sleep alone in the basement. He's not always around, but when he is, he watches me and never speaks. I've started seeing a new one too. One with a darker color. Almost black. But that's only been recently.”
My mind whirls with the implications, and I pace the room, adding it all up. “A dark spirit has followed you since you were a child. Another has come on the scene just barely... when you started... dating Jill?”
He turns, and throws me a warning glare. “Lay off it, okay?”
“Hey, I'm just sayin'.” I continue to search the room and wonder why I can't see this mysterious being. “Can it see me?”
“I don't know, but he gives me the creeps.” Brecken shivers and walks into the kitchen. “And he never leaves when I tell him to.”
“Then I'll tell him.” I storm over to the corner and scream, “Get out of here! As Brecken's heavenly guardian, I order you to leave!” I point to the front door and wait in silence. “Well? Did he go?”
“He's looking at me funny. I don't think he can... hey, wait! He's gone! He just disappeared. Alisa! You did it. Do you know what this means?”
“Uh, no. What does it mean?” I ask, suddenly exhausted.
He hurries over to me, his face glowing with happiness. “It means he has to obey you! You told him to go and he did! You really are my guardian angel.” His eyes soften as his arms reach out. I can sense the gentle tingle of his hands trying to hold me.
I step forward to make it easier for him. 
“Thank you, Alisa.” He gazes into my eyes, and it feels like sunshine. I can actually perceive my spirit heating up.
I reach out and place my hand on his cheek, slowly running my thumb over the corner of his bottom lip, imagining what it would feel like if I had a physical body. I lean forward, closing my eyes, yearning to experience more of him than just this glimmer of scintillating shadow. 
Our lips meet, our souls meld... but it still isn't enough.

CHAPTER FIFTY-TWO
~Stupid Ex. Always in the Way~
Alisa

With closed eyes, we pull apart. The phone begins ringing and rings twice more before Brecken moves away. 
“Uh, sorry.” He reaches over to the coffee table and picks up the phone, answering the call. 
“Hello?” His brows crease and his hand moves over his face and back through his hair. “No. I don't.”
I scoot closer and lean in to hear the voice coming through.
“We can't find her. She left just after you did,” a male voice says.
“Really?” Brecken answers. “She was sitting on the back porch when I left.”
“She looked upset when I saw her,” the voice says, “and then she jumped up and ran out the door with her car keys. She's not with you?”
“No sir, she isn't. I'm sorry.”
“Could you help us search for her? Please? I'm really worried.”
Brecken glances at me, his face drawn and tired. “Of course. I'll be over as soon as I can.” He hangs up and sits down on the couch. “Jill's missing. Probably hiding on purpose so I'll go look for her. She's done this before.”
“Then why get sucked into it?” It's so obvious he should let her go. Cut those ties once and for all. She's using him, trying to get him to rescue her, worry about her, want her. I shake my head in frustration. Will he ever be free of Jill's manipulating antics?
“Well, let's go,” he says.
Rather than argue, I nod. But this will be the last time I let him get sucked into Jill's deep pit of subterfuge. “Fine, but if we can't find her, we're coming right back.”
He looks at me, a strange grin on his face. “I know how we can find her.”
“How?”
“You.”
“Me?” 
“Can't you find her? Like you do with me or your family?” His eyebrows raise and he nods.
Ack. I have zero desire to look for her, let alone be her rescuer. qerever she is. With an exasperated sigh, I say, “Fine. I'll see where she is. Then you can call her dad and tell him. That was her dad on the phone, right?”
He nods. 
“Okay.” Closing my eyes, I picture her face, her ugly, penetrating blue eyes, her maddeningly perfect platinum hair, her horrid, perfect body. Within seconds, I appear beside her in the basement of the old abandoned house. 
I made it inside? Figures.
There are only two people in that chillingly familiar basement room. 
Jill and the Lady in Red. 
Let me correct that. Jill, the Lady in Red, and their two evil, gray spirit beings who swirl around their naked feet like a thick, black mist.
At first, their conversation continues in quiet, hurried tones, but then the Lady in Red stills, and lifts her head, inhaling deeply, her brows crease as she slowly searches the room. 
“Gamigin, who is here with us?” she asks, the sharp edge of her voice grating against my soul like abrasive sandpaper. 
Chills tingle through me. Her words have a power I don't understand. Like silken chains, I feel bound being near her. Who is this woman?
“A girl,” the demon says in a raspy whisper. “A lesser spirit guardian.”
“Lesser?” I repeat. “I'm not lesser. If anyone here is lesser—”
“Silence!” the Lady in Red exclaims, standing. “I hear your insolent voice!”
I stop cold, automatically shrinking into a corner. 
“Come to me, lesser spirit guardian,” she commands. “Tell me who you are.”
Fear wraps its icy fingers around my chest and squeezes. I don't want to step forward, don't want to confront this powerful woman who can sense me and hear me. I'm no match for her, I know. I have a feeling she can crush me into a million little pieces. 
Closing my eyes, I will my soul to reappear beside Brecken. No way am I going to stay here, but strangely, nothing happens. I'm still in the room with Jill and the Wicked Witch of the West. Trapped.
“You cannot leave until I say,” the woman says with a sinister smile. “This is my domain. What are you called?”
As though I have no control over my mouth, I hear myself answer. “Alisa.”
“Ah,” she says, standing. “I am Lamia. Gamigin, who does this powerless spirit protect? Someone important, I hope?” Lamia walks toward me with the practiced gait of a supermodel.
Gamigin floats through the air until he reaches me. He slithers around my feet, slowly making his way upward until his face is before mine. 
I stand immobile, stunned that I am so easily overpowered and intimidated. 
“Ah, yes,” he hisses with glee. “She guards Bretariel, The Undoer.”
“Come closer, girl,” Lamia commands.
All this time, Jill has remained silent. Until now. “You!” she screams, standing, looking in the wrong direction. “You're the one he's been talking to!”
I glance at Jill, and then back to Lamia, then back to Jill. I know she can't hear me so it is pointless to answer. 
“He thinks he loves you,” Jill sneers. “He wants to be with you. His ghost-lover. Forever.” With a menacing laugh, she continues. “I can certainly make that happen now.”
“Hush, Jill,” Lamia says gently. “I will do the talking.” Lamia moves to stand before me. “Thank you, Gamigin.”
The demon unwinds itself, and floats back to Lamia and begins swirling about her feet like a slow-moving hurricane. He winks at me and his mouth twists into a heinous grin.
“Unfortunately, I cannot destroy you, Alisa, lesser guardian of the Undoer,” Lamia says. “But I can make sure you stay out of my way.”
“Oh? And how will you do that? You can't control me or order me to obey like that ignorant little... whatever it is.” I point at her minion.
“Enough!” she yells. Pacing over to the stairs, she turns, and then paces back. Suddenly she stops, a slow smile forming on her ruby-red lips. An evil glint sparkles in her eyes. “I've changed my mind. You may go, guardian.”
That's it? She isn't going to threaten me more? Scare me into submission? Torture me with lies and revelations? Fine. I'm out of here. Within seconds, I leave the abandoned house with nothing hindering my departure. I shimmer into view before Brecken two seconds later.
“What took you so long?!” He's frantic. Worried about little ole me? “Did you find her?”
The concern on his face, and the frustration in his voice, prick my soul. I want to reach over and smack his face. Unless, of course, it really is concern for me, and not Jill. Then I'll pull him to me, and tuck him in my pocket to keep him safe. 
“I missed you too,” I tease. “And yes, I found her. But you're not going to like what I have to say.
He waits, his brows raised in anticipation. “Well?”
“She's at an abandoned house with a lady named Lamia. I don't know who she is, but she has her own shadow man that she commands. She's super creepy and kept me from leaving.” I shiver, remembering the experience.
“Then how did you get away?” 
“She let me go.”
He watches me, his brows knit in confusion, his head cocked to the side. “The lady made it so you couldn't leave, and then the next minute let you go? Just like that?”
“Well, yeah.”
“Why?” 
Something isn't right. It's my turn to be confused. “I don't know. I don't get it either.”
He turns away, shaking his head and pacing the room, his hands stuffed deep into his jean pockets. “She's real. And all this time I thought she was a dream.”
“Huh? What are you talking about?” 
He looks reluctantly into my eyes, and then sighs with exhaustion. “It started when I was five.”

CHAPTER FIFTY-THREE
~The Woman in Red~
Alisa

Brecken explains the strange night-visions that began as a child, where a beautiful woman in red came into his room, appearing from nowhere. She would stand by his bed, glaring down at him, never saying a word. He would hide under the covers, shivering, afraid. 
Chills cover his arms as he relates his terror.
I can't come up with a single explanation to these awful visitations, but I know when he describes her, that it is Lamia. The woman in red.
“Well, at least we know,” I say, tapping my chin and thinking. “But what is Jill doing with her?”
“Maybe she's bewitched, or deceived somehow. Maybe I should go find her. She needs to be told, or helped, or something!” Brecken jumps up and grabs his keys.
“Brecken, no! She's there of her own accord. Not because she was forced.”
“Why do you judge Jill so harshly?” He says. “I know it's hard, knowing she was my girlfriend and everything, but—”
“Are you accusing me of being jealous? Seriously?” It could not be farther from the truth! I am certainly not jealous of Jill. She doesn't have one quality, not one redeeming attribute, I want. None. “Oh, that's rich.”
Brecken’s eyes narrow with hurt. “You just don't get it.”
I have no idea what he is talking about. “No. I guess I don't.”
“Just because you don't like her doesn't mean I don't.”
That is a stab through my heart.
 “I've been with her for a year and I love her. I know she's not good for me, and that we need to break up, but I'm not going to bash her, ruin her reputation, or criticize her. Got that?” He stands there, breathing hard, his stare turning into a frown.
“Oh, I get it just fine,” I say, my hands on my hips. “You can't decide what you want. You can't have me in the flesh so you want to leave your options open. You want it both ways!” 
He does not deny it and that cuts deep. I want him to lash out at her, hurt her, like she's done to him. He holds no malice toward her, and I don't understand it. 
He takes a step back. Hurt and betrayal etched on his face. “You just have to ruin everything. How about you fix your own problems, and stop worrying about mine for a while. You're more screwed up than I am.” He grabs his jacket and storms out the door.

CHAPTER FIFTY-FOUR
~Forgiveness, a Dish Served Reluctantly~
Alisa

I watch him drive away, knowing he's right. I do ruin everything. If something is going great for me, I have to sabotage it somehow. It is a cycle I am very familiar with, but I don't know how to make it stop. It's almost as though I'm not happy unless I'm miserable. 
That sounds pretty dysfunctional, and I don't want to be that way anymore. It will always keep coming back to Mr. Roland. I am letting the abuse continue—in my heart, in my mind, in my actions. I'm letting him ruin my life, and my death. I am letting him taint my thoughts, my hopes, and my dreams. Even still. 
It has to stop. 
Now. 
And only I can stop it.
Is Gram right? Do I actually have to forgive the devil incarnate to heal? Do I have to let it go? Let go of the pain, the hate, and the shame—to make him go away? Is that even possible? Honestly, I'm not sure. 
There is only one way to find out.
***
It's just like I remember. Dark. Cold. Petrifying. And I am alone. I stand at the gates of hell, the writhing, tormented souls waiting for me in the distance. 
I force myself onto the path, force myself to move forward. I watch the ground, not wanting to make a wrong step. I remember how the black grass felt before. 
I'm not sure where to find Mr. Roland because he'd found me the last time, but maybe all I have to do is think of him, focus on him, and I will find him... or he'll find me. The thought sends shivers through my soul, and my mind races in fear. I don't want to see him. Ever. But that is why I am here. To face my fears head on. The crushing weight of anticipation grounds me to fine powder, and threatens to shatter my hope into a million pieces. Will I ever be whole again? 
I picture his face. The ugliness of his wicked grin, the roughness of his hands. And then... his eyes. Black holes that sucked my life from me little by little, with no feeling, no mercy. He never cared about Natty or me. I am sure he still doesn't. If he is sorry at all, it is because he got caught.
On and on I walk, deeper into the bowls of perdition, deeper into the darkness, the despair. If I had lungs, I would be gasping for breath. If I could sweat, I would be soaked. 
And on I walk.
Pitch blackness coats me, so dark I can't see my hands. I'm afraid to go further. What if I get lost? Would anyone save me? Would anyone care? 
I stand on that path, in the dark, surrounded by evil, more terrified than I've ever been before. A foul breeze blows, that eerie, sticky substance accumulating on me like before, pulling me down, weariness draining my energy. 
“Mr. Roland!” I scream at the top of my voice. All the anguish, all the hopelessness, all the desperation I feel toward him bursts from my mouth with his name. “Mr. Roland. Come here right now!” I wait, my chest heaving, my heart aching, my mind slowly freezing with impotence. 
The darkness presses in on me, forcing me to my knees. If he doesn't come soon... 
“I'm here.” A dull, raspy whisper. 
“I can't see you.”
“I am before you,” he says, limping forward, beaten, miserable, more decrepit than ever before.
I step back, my eyes adjusting, shocked at the anguish in his eyes. Not because I am afraid, but because he looks so... tortured.
“I... I want to... talk to you,” I stammer, unable to tear my gaze away from his. I garner what strength I have left, what courage I can. With no one to help me, all the old feelings of insecurity, shame, and worthlessness rush back—everything he ever did to me, everything he ever made me do, every nasty word he whispered in my ear.
I stand straight and search deep into his soul—which I hadn't realized I'd be able to do. Gone is the authority he ruled with, and with that, gone is my fear of him. “What's happened to you?”
“I'm paying for my sins.” He sinks to the ground, lying like a dog in submission, waiting for me to kick him in the vitals. 
I am sorely tempted. “You've done a lot of bad things.” 
“More than you know,” he moans, rocking to his side.
I want to say, Good. I'm glad. I hope you're miserable forever. Instead, I ask a simple question. “Why? Why did you hurt me?”
He shakes his head, filthy tendrils of hair swaying back and forth. “I don't know, Alisa. I was stupid. Selfish. I was an evil man.”
“Have you seen Natty?” I ask, curious if she's ever been here to do what I am doing. 
“Oh, yes. She comes often,” he rasps. He rolls to his knees, his hands grasping his middle.
“She comes here... often?” I choke out. “Why would she do that?” She hates her dad. Despises him. More than me.
“She forgave me,” he says, bowing his head, holding it like it will explode.
I scowl. That's not right. There is no way she would forgive him. 
“Please, Alisa. I'm so sorry. If I could go back and make it right, I would.” He sinks to the ground, sobbing. “I surely would.”
I kneel beside him, not daring to actually touch him. I have to let go, have to give the burden back, give the shame back, give the guilt back, take my life back. The repulsion I feel—which has drowned me, pounded me, suffocated me—begins to morph slowly into something else. Something that fills my heart with foreign emotions.
I begin to see Mr. Rowland clearly. 
Poor, pathetic Mr. Roland. 
Pity pours from my soul. This wretched creature is stuck here forever, or at least for a very long time. In that moment, a heavy weight lifts inside me, floats for a moment, then shifts up through my shoulders and neck and exits through the top of my head, taking the impossible burning of Mr. Roland with it. 
A lightness like I've never felt before mends my being. A joy I can't explain tingles all the way to my fingertips, all the way to my toes. Light explodes from my eyes and I can see everything in that hellish world in grim detail. I feel myself glow, brighter and brighter, and the darkness pulls back, unable to smother me any longer. 
I look directly at him. “I forgive you, Mr. Roland. You can't hurt me anymore. You can't hurt anyone, and I honestly hope that someday... someday, you'll be free of your torment.”
“Oh, thank you,” he cries. Great sobs of released anguish erupt from his twisted lips as he lies at my feet writhing, suffering. “You don't know what you've done,” he says. “You don't know.”
I suspect I do know, but I don't say anything. Instead, I leave like a wisp of smoke.

CHAPTER FIFTY-FIVE
~A Terrible Weight Lifted~
Alisa

I make my way back to earth, floating on happiness. I can't wait to tell Gram and Natty about my unexpected experience. A terrible burden has been lifted, and I hardly know how to describe my liberation. 
But first, I want to tell Brecken. Warmth and love burst through my heart as I picture his beautiful face, knowing I'll be at his side in only a second. My soul tingles in anticipation. 
Nothing happens. 
Frowning in confusion, I try again. And again. And again. A familiar clutch of fear begins to worm its way inside me. Over and over, I will myself to materialize beside him, and over and over, it fails. 
What is wrong? Am I supposed to visit my family instead? The last time I couldn't go to Brecken, my brothers needed me. But which one now? Figuring Derek is the troublemaker, I focus on him. When I open my eyes, I'm a hundred feet above the ground, floating in the blue, cloudless sky.
“What the—” And then it hits me. “No!” I moan in despair. “Not yet!” 
As though an umbilical cord is attached to my belly, I am pulled back to Idir Shaol.
***
“This isn't right! My time isn't up yet!” Impotent fury boils inside me, ready to shoot forth like a geyser of righteous anger at the injustice of it all. They can't do this! 
Raphael is back. He sighs and nods his head. “I know it seems unfair, Alisa, but you aren't his permanent guardian, and we feel your attachment to him has become too... serious.”
“My attachment?” I scream. “I'm supposed to be attached to my charge.”
“You know what I mean,” he says. “Being difficult isn't going to change anything.”
“This isn't right,” I cry, beyond frustrated.
“Everything happens for a reason.” He carries a white folder over to his desk. “Brecken must make his own choices. He needs to be responsible for his own life. You helped him see that, and helped him accept his gifts just a little bit more. You gave him confidence to be who he is, and kept him from committing suicide. You were a success!” He smiles and leans against his desk. “Now you can move on to the next level.”
“The next level?” I ask. “Would that be where my Grandmother is?”
“Uh, well, no.” The smile disappears from his face. He sucks in air through his teeth with a pained expression. “It would be to the next level. It takes time to pay for mistakes, Alisa. It's not easy. That's why it's better to atone for our mistakes during life.”
“Gee, Raphael. I'm sorry to hear that,” I say with a touch of venom. “I didn’t realize I had to stop at confession on my way past the pearly gates.”
“Now Alisa. There's no need for disrespect.”
“Arrg!” I stomp toward the door. “I've had it. I'm done here.”
“Wait!” Raphael calls as I am about to slam the office door behind me.
I don't turn around, but I stop, my hand resting on the crystal door handle. 
“I know this hurts, Alisa, but there's an important lesson for you in all this. The lesson of letting go.”
I pivot slowly, my eyes boring into his like hot coals. “Letting go? The lesson of letting go?” I step toward him methodically. “You have no idea what I've been through. You have no idea what I've just experienced. Is anyone actually in charge up here?” I don't care if I'm being disrespectful or not. I don't care about the consequences. What more can they do to me? What could be worse than being ripped from my family or blocked from Brecken? No other torture can compare. The two things I want most are gone. The fact that I recently visited Mr. Roland in Hell doesn't even enter my mind.
“I think you need some time alone,” he states.
Shaking my head in disgust, I flee the room, hot tears that can never fall, burning behind my eyes.

CHAPTER FIFTY-SIX
 ~Reunited~
Alisa

I sit on a lonely hillside outside of Idir Shaol, a carpet of soft, green grass surrounding me. Birds flit through the nearby trees, singing gleefully. It is a beautiful spot. Any normal person would be thrilled to be here. But all I want is to be back on Earth. 
A sob tears through my throat as I bury my head in my knees. I have to get back. I just have to. I can’t stay here, knowing my job isn't finished. How can Raphael think it is? Everything inside me screams to go back, that Brecken is in imminent danger.
Not being able to stand the beauty and peace another moment, I picture the park where I used to play as a child. I might not be able to see my family or Brecken, but maybe I can get close.
Luck is on my side. I shimmer into sight next to the park's tall, metal swing-set with the familiar blue plastic seats where Natty and I used to have our best conversations. I reach out and grasp the chain; a million memories fill my mind. I sit in one and imagine myself flying up to the sky and back, my feet outstretched, my stomach doing a roller coaster twist.
The only thing that could make the moment more perfect would be Natty sitting right next to me. A moment later, I hear her soft chuckle.
“I love how that works,” I say, knowing she's here, only because I want it so bad.
“Me too.” 
“You sound content,” I say with a hint of jealously. 
“I am, Lis. I'm so happy, and it won't be long until you're with me.”
“Long in whose eyes?” I shake my head. Time on Earth is nothing like time in the afterlife. The two have nothing in common. Everything takes an eternity now.
“Aw. It'll go by fast. You'll see.” She leans back, her short, wispy blonde hair glowing like a golden halo. 
 “Nat, I need your help.” I say, leaning back too.
“I know.”
“You do?”
“Sure. That's why I'm here.” She sits up straight, and smiles that beautiful, wide smile I love. “Your wish is my command.”
“Yeah, right. That's what everyone says. I haven't had any wishes come true so far.”
“You haven't?” she asks, perplexed. “What about getting to see your Gram? What about being able to let go of the pain my father caused you? What about finally falling in love?”
“Uh... ”
“See?” she says. “Lots of good things have happened to you. But you want me to help you break the rules and sneak back into Brecken's life, right?”
“Yeah.” She makes it sound so awful, so illegal.
“Ah, l'amore,” she whispers with a sigh. “How often do we find true love? In life or death?”
“It's keeping it after death that concerns me,” I say. “I can't just leave it like this. Brecken and I parted on bad terms and I really feel I should fix it. I'm sure he's worried and wonders where I am. Maybe he thinks I've abandoned him. Left him on purpose. That I've dumped him. I can't do that. I can't have him think I'm angry for the rest of his life.”
“Didn't he say good-bye, Alisa?” She watches me with that gaze again, the one where I can't hide any secrets. Not that I want to.
“Well, yeah, but he doesn't mean it. He doesn't understand.”
“I know,” she says sadly. “Most humans don't. We don't figure anything out until later, until we're dead.”
“Please, Natty,” I beg, turning to my best friend in all the world. My sister. My only hope. “There's got to be something you can do.”
“Well, there is one thing,” she says in a lighthearted, singsong voice.
I jump down and grab the chain of her swing. “There is?” Hope and happiness flood through me. I knew she'd be able to help. 
“I can take you one last time to say good-bye. They'll let me do that. At least I'm pretty sure they will.” 
“Oh, Natty. I love you!” I throw my arms around her and listen to her peals of laughter. 
“Come on, before it's too late.” She grabs my hand, closes her eyes, and purses her lips. She looks so cute while concentrating. I close my eyes too, her hand tight in mine. A moment later, we are there, at Brecken's front door. His motorcycle parked in the driveway. He's home! I run forward, forgetting Natty is even with me.
“Is someone visiting?” she asks from behind.
I turn to answer and stop cold in my tracks. Parked on the curb is a shiny black Mercedes Benz. “Oh no!” I hurry through the front door, not bothering to wait for Natty. Brecken isn’t in the living room. I search the kitchen and even the bathroom, but no Brecken. “He must be downstairs.” 
I shoot through the floor and straight into his basement bedroom. Only one lamp glows in the corner. Brecken sits on his bed, Jill beside him. He holds her hand as tears course down her porcelain cheeks.
“Oh, Breck,” she hiccups. “I'm so... so lonely. Please... I love you so much.”
Instantly, my gag reflex triggers and my suspicion of Jill's ability to lie hits the Richter scale. “Please tell me you aren't falling for that,” I say.
Brecken's head snaps up and he looks right at me. His eyes narrow as he takes me in, my white dress, the glow of my aura, the pleading in my eyes. I wait for him to say something, but instead of being happy to see me, he seems flustered. 
Okay, granted. I shouldn't have started our very last conversation the way I did, but seeing Jill holding his hand... Jealously courses through me, her being able to feel the heat of his body when I can't. More than anything, I want it to be me he holds and comforts.
I shake my head in regret. “I'm sorry, Brecken. I didn't mean that,” I move to sit next to him. 
Jill continues to rattle on. I completely ignore her. “I'm being sent back to... uh, heaven. I can't be your guardian anymore.” I bow my head, but look up quickly. I don't want to waste the time we have together not watching his face. I search deep into his eyes, deep into his soul, memorizing every line, every crease, every eyelash, and every expression.
“What?” He leaps from the bed, leaving Jill stunned. It's a priceless picture. “Why?”
“Why?” Jill asks. “Isn't it obvious? We're meant to be together, Brecky. Please come with me for just a little while. I really want to show you something.”
“Because they said my job here is done. You passed the test, I guess. I tried to talk them out of it, but they won't listen to me.”
Brecken's gaze flickers from Jill to me, and then to Natty. “Who's that?” 
Jill's face clouds over with darkness. Her eyes close to slits, and hate radiates from her as her lips pull back into a feral snarl. “Who are you talking to now, Brecken? Cuz it's obviously not me.” 
Brecken turns to Jill, his eyes begging for understanding. “Umm, I need some time alone. Why don't you go home and I'll be over later. Okay?”
“No,” she answers. “That's not okay.”
“This is my last good-bye,” I say, hoping he'll make Jill leave. “I won't ever... see you—” A sob breaks from my aching heart and I cover my face with trembling hands.
“Tell me it isn't true,” he says, reaching, his hands brushing though me as though I am only made of smoke. My spirit ripples, and then stills. “I'm not ready to say good bye. We need more time.”
“I know.”
Jill moves so she's standing before Brecken, her hands digging in her pocket, her face a mask of rage, her eyes as cold as lake frost. “This is going to end right now,” she says with deadly calm.
Before anyone can move, Jill pulls her needle-like teeth from her pocket and stabs them deep into Brecken's muscled chest. 
He screams and pulls back, the fangs ripping out of Jill's hand. He shoves her away, and covers the wound in horror. “What are you doing?” He stumbles and falls to the floor, and the surprise in his eyes fades until he lies there, unable to move.
I kneel by his side, wishing I could staunch the blood that oozes between his fingers. “We have to get you out of here.”
“Tell your lesser guardian goodbye, Brecken, cuz it's lights out for you in thirty seconds.” She glances at the watch on her wrist.
Brecken's gaze comes back to me, his eyes pleading. Natty kneels beside us. “There's nothing we can do,” she says. “I'm so sorry,” she whispers to Brecken.
“What's happening?” he mumbles, his limbs flopping like jelly. “I can't... move.” His head falls back and his eyes roll under their lids. His fingers twitch.
 “Finally.” Jill wipes her hands on her denim short-shorts and squats down to look at Brecken. She tiptoes around him and then crouches by his head, staring down into his face.
“What is that?” Natty asks. “Where'd she get those weird teeth?”
“I told you! No one ever believes me! I told Raphael this was happening and he didn't care. He said Brecken had to make his own choices. Well, he can't do that if he's out cold! I'm his only hope now. You've got to help me, Nat.” 
She watches me with concern, unsure. “I don't know... ”
“Please,” I beg with all my heart. “We have to help him.”
She bows her head. “All right.”

CHAPTER FIFTY-SEVEN
~Kidnapped by Thugs~
Alisa

I stand at Brecken's side in the dank basement and watch as Jill pulls out her cell phone. She taps the iPhone's screen and then curses under her breath. “Stupid reception.” She stomps out of the room and up the stairs.
“Stay with him,” I say to Natty. “I'm going to see who she calls.”
“Okay,” Natty answers. “Do you think he'll wake up soon?”
“I doubt it.” I saw what Jill's drug did the last time. I'm pretty sure we have a few hours before he comes around.
Jill stops in the living room, finally able to make her call. “Hi. It's me,” she says. “Yeah. I'm ready. Hurry.” She ends the call and glances up at the ceiling, releasing a long sigh. She shakes her head and laughs. 
 That is when the leech demon appears, a wide smile stretching across his gray, wispy face. He slithers around Jill's ankles and then up her legs until he has wrapped his smoky arms around her neck. He glances at me with a wicked grin. A long, snake-like tongue flicks from his mouth as though he is tasting the air. He licks Jill's cheek.
A chill runs over my shoulders. 
She stops laughing, walks over to the window, folds her arms across her chest, and waits. She can't see the gray man. She has no idea he's there, but that doesn't make me feel sorry for her. She chose this road.
Glaring, I stalk over to her, double up my fist, and punch with all my might. My hand goes right through her, just as I knew it would, but what surprises me is that she stops smiling and presses a hand to her face. Her lips turn down into a frown. 
A moment later, I hear the squeak of car brakes in the driveway. Instantly, I am out the front door, hoping to influence whoever it is to help me. 
I'm soon disappointed.
A silver Jag idles in the driveway, sparkling and beautiful. The door swings open and a long, slender leg steps out. At first, I don't recognize her. She wears a deep crimson business suit, the skirt ending just above her knees. The soft material hugs her lithe figure like spandex, and not one strand of her A-line bob is out of place.
She closes her car door while three goons file out of the back seat, unfolding into giants. “He's in the basement,” she murmurs, strutting with the confidence of a super model. Without knocking, she enters Brecken's house. 
I watch in open-mouth surprise, and then follow them in, trying to place her identity. Then it hits me. 
Lamia. The woman in red. The woman in charge of Jill's vampiric society. How could I not have recognized her? Then I realize her hair is different. Shorter. Stylish.
Two minutes later, the thugs lumber up the stairs carrying Brecken. Natty is right behind them.
“I tried to influence them, Alisa, but they wouldn't listen,” she says. “They're past hearing.” 
Brecken's head lolls to the side.
“Yeah, and past thinking too,” I answer. “We'll just have to go with them to see where they go.
They load Brecken into the front seat and even buckle his seat belt, then take off down the street. Jill follows in her car. I take Natty's hand and concentrate on that car. Within seconds, Natty and I are sitting in the back seat of Jill's Mercedes.
“I think we need help,” Natty says. “You and I can't do this alone.”
I'm not sure I want outside help. What if we ask Raphael and he says no? Would he stop Natty and me from returning to Brecken too? More than anything, I want to be with him, but I know if he dies now, it will never happen. Not because he would be responsible for his death in any way, but because he'll probably go to Elysium and I'll still be stuck trying to redeem myself in Idir Shaol. “No. I think we should see if we can do this alone for now.”
Natty shakes her head. “You're making a big mistake.”
“Please don't say that, Nat.”
She sighs and turns to look out the window. A heavy stone of doubt fills my heart. Am I making a mistake? Why do I feel I have to do everything on my own? Maybe if I'd asked for help during my life, I wouldn't be in this mess. But then, I would never have met Brecken. Then again, maybe I would have. Maybe our destinies are woven together in the tapestry of life, and had I lived, somehow, our paths would have crossed.
To my surprise, Jill doesn't pull up in front of the rundown, little white house like I expected, but at a wide, black, iron gate that leads down a winding drive to a red brick mansion in the distance. The gate opens and we drive up to the front of a beautiful Tudor mansion. 
The woman in red steps from her car, her four-inch, gleaming red heals clicking on the paving stones. “Take him to the basement,” she commands, sailing into the house, not even bothering to wait.

CHAPTER FIFTY-EIGHT
~The Auditorium~
Alisa

The men drop Brecken onto a narrow cot in a dingy cell down the hall from a basement auditorium. Lamia waits beside him and stares into his sleeping face with hunger. She smooths his hair back. “Almost time, my lovely. Almost.” 
She steps back and walks into the spacious auditorium. On a raised stage sits a king-sized mahogany monstrosity with brocade quilts. It's surrounded by at least a hundred chairs on risers. The seats start to fill with black-robed patrons. Jill finds a seat on the front row while Lamia walks to the raised stage.
Candles burn in every corner of the room, creating shadows that meld with the ghost-like demons that dance on the edge of reality. One after another, more gray men slither up from an iron vent in the floor. They fill the empty spaces, floating, slithering, caressing the unsuspecting audience. 
A young teenage girl is brought out of a side-room next to Brecken's, and is laid on the king-size bed. Unlike Brecken, she is awake and straining against the ropes tied around her hands. Her eyes are wide with fear, and her screams are muffled by a silk rag stuffed in her mouth.
An expectant hush fills the room.
Lamia turns to the anticipating crowd. “My children. Tonight you witness the union of night and light, deities and daemons. Tonight, the dead rule and command legions. Tonight... we crush our enemy!” 
With raised arms, she spins on her heels and ushers in a man who wears a white robe over black silk clothing. He smiles wide at Lamia as he enters, taking her hand and kissing her fingertips. “Beautiful, as usual,” he murmurs, grazing her cheek with his lips.
I cringe as an overwhelming blanket of evil permeates the auditorium. It winds around me like a hissing cobra tightening its coils. Whoever this man is, he is evil in its purest form.
Lamia turns to the crowd with a flourish. “May I introduce the original member of our Order? Andras, the Marquis of Hell, the Sower of Discord.” 
He bows low, his seductive smile never wavering. He watches the crowd, catching the eye of each person, silently commanding their attention.
I move closer to see his face clearer. Natty is still at my side. She holds onto my arm, her hand clasped tightly in mine. “I have a really bad feeling about this,” she whispers. “We shouldn't be here and I don't think I can stay much longer,” she says in a strained voice. “I'm not... a guardian and... something won't let me. I can't... fight it anymore. I'm sorry, Lis. I love you.”
She disappears in a glistening mist. Without her at my side, I feel cold and abandoned. Alone and weak. The room seems more vile and dangerous, but I can't leave Brecken in a place like this. Alone. Unconscious. How could I leave him with Lamia, let alone the Marquis of Hell? But can I do this by myself? I scan the crowd, my gaze stopping at a pair of familiar, dark eyes. Eyes I've known my whole life, Eyes that rescued me from Mr. Roland long ago. 
Derek. 
He wears the same black robe as the other acolytes, and stares straight ahead, his eyes wide, his mouth in a tight, grim line. The fact that he is here makes everything feel more dire and dreadful. I hurry over to him. “Derek? Derek, can you hear me? Please, hear me,” I beg, patting his cheek, hoping to wake him up to feeling me. 
His brow creases and he raises his hand, but lets it fall back to his lap. Hope flickers through me. “You have to leave. You shouldn't be here,” I whisper urgently into his ear. “It's dangerous. Please leave. Just stand up and go.”
He glances toward the door. It's open, but a large man with wide shoulders and a jagged scar across his cheek shuts it behind him after he enters. The lock clicks into place with a decisive thunk. 
We're locked inside.
A panicked expression flits across Derek's face, but he stays seated, his hands clasped, white-knuckled in his lap. His breathing increases, his heart races. Placing my hand on his arm, I feel a tumult of emotions boiling beneath the surface. Horror, fear, dread.
His panic infects me and for the first time in ages, I turn to that God I have yet to meet, not sure if he'll even hear me, let alone listen. “Please,” I beg. “Please make this stop. Don't let this happen. Help us get out of here.”
Andras, his shoulder-length black hair falling forward, leans over the girl, who now lies still, paralyzed with fear on the bed. His dark eyes search her face, his long, white fingers stroking her cheek. She writhes beneath him as though his very touch sears her skin. He removes the gag from her mouth and trails a solitary finger along her rosy, trembling lips.
“Please,” she begs when her mouth is free. “I made a mistake. I'm so sorry. I won't tell anyone.”
“That's right, my dear, you won't,” Andras answers in a raspy whisper. “But now you must sleep in the bed you made... so to speak.” 
Terrified, she trembles, and knowing there is nothing I can do to help Derek at the moment, I hurry to her side. There might not be a way to stop this event from happening, but I can offer this poor girl some comfort. 
I slide over the bed until I'm next to her. “Don't be afraid,” I say, placing my hand over hers.
Andras leans down, his lips parted, and inhales the scent of the girl's neck, then frowns. He turns his head to the side, his brow creased and his eyes squinting. He takes another slow, deep breath, his nostrils flaring. Slowly he pulls back. “I smell cinnamon.” 
Andras rises up on one elbow and glares at Lamia. “Have you taken the proper precautions?”
Lamia's chin raises, her eyes narrowing. “Of course. What do you take me for?”
Andras glances down at the struggling girl. “What's your name, darling?” he asks, still stroking her cheek. 
“Nichole,” she whispers, her chest rising and falling with each panicked breath.
Andras begins untying the rough rope around her bound wrists.
“Oh, thank you,” Nichole cries with a sob.
Andras smiles down at her lovingly and takes her left hand, pulling it toward the left corner of the headboard, tying it to a red, satin ribbon that is attached there. The girl yanks on her arm, but the heavy, satin cloth holds fast.
Before she can blink, Andras pulls her right arm and does the same on that side. Within seconds, she lies spread-eagle on the huge bed, the captivated audience watching. Horror fills her eyes and immediately she begins to scream.
I want to scream too. 
The audience leans forward, their anticipation palpable. They can't be enjoying this.
“Cease your noise!” Andras commands Nichole, his eyes deep pools of merciless blackness. 
I am way in over my head. I can't stop what is about to happen unless I have legions of angels at my back. Helplessness presses against me and more than anything, I feel the need to cry. For this girl, for my brother—who I am sure is about to witness something atrocious—and for myself, powerless to stop it.
Nichole ceases her crying and lies with her head turned away, her sobs almost silent in the hushed, candlelit room.
Andras stands and addresses the audience. “And now we begin.” Taking a silver box from a small table by the bed, he opens it. The red-velvet interior glows in the warm light, surrounding a gleaming set of silver fangs, deadly sharp.
He pulls the fangs from the box and places them in his mouth, moaning with pleasure as they slide into place. He turns to the crowd, his lips stretching over his shining canines. “And now my children, I shall become one with this offering, her essence, her soul. I claim her for my own. There is no act more powerful, more binding, or more exquisite.”
With a low growl, he swirls back toward the bed, his cape whipping out behind him like silken bat wings. He jumps onto the bed, his knees straddling Nichole's waist, his hands pressing her forearms into the soft mattress. 
I blink my eyes, because I'm sure I am seeing things. For a split second, dark, leathery wings spread out behind him, and glossy, ebony feathers coat his raven-like head. When I blink again, he is back to his normal self, the Sower of Discord. But the shift happens again when he sinks his teeth into the hollow of Nichole's neck. His arms slither beneath her, pulling her closer, as he drinks with bloody lips. 
Nichole arches, her eyes rolling back, but no sound comes from her dying lips.
I search the room frantically, hoping someone will stand up and fight for this poor girl's life. I even look deep into my brother's eyes, but he sits frozen, dismayed at the sight before him. His hands grip the chair's armrest, his eyes filled with terrified, unspilled tears.
Step by step, I back off the stage, never taking my eyes from the horror before me. Andras moves over the girl until she lays completely still, her blue eyes staring from an ashen face. Finally, he raises himself from the bed, a thin stream of crimson trailing down his chin. He roars in triumph, the muscles in his neck taut and stretched to a grotesque limit.
“What happened?” a small voice says beside me.
My eyes shoot back to the bed to find the source of that high, frail voice. Nichole, a mere wisp, a copy of the body that lies dead, looks up at me expectantly.
“What's happening to me?” she asks, looking right at me, her spirit flickering and dim.
Andras turns. “To whom do you speak, child? There's no one here but you and me.” He holds out a hand, looking right at Nichole's tortured soul. “Come.” 
I look from Nichole to Andras. He can't see me, but he can see her. She steps forward, unsure, and reaches out to Andras, as though she can't refuse even if she wants to. I watch, completely in shock. Where is her family? Where is the light? Isn't she supposed to walk toward the light?
As soon as she takes his hand, his mouth opens wide—to an inhuman degree—his silver, gleaming teeth appearing even more deadly in this demonic orifice. Her clothes, which are mere rags instead of gleaming robes, whip about in an invisible storm. Her hair flaps wildly about her face as her eyes dart toward mine. She reaches for me, but before I can grasp her hand, her spirit spirals with tornado swiftness into Andras's dark maw. 
He inhales slowly, his chest expanding, his head thrown back in ecstasy, his arms out wide. “It is done!”

CHAPTER FIFTY-NINE
~Trapped~
Alisa

A collective sigh fills the room.
Jill leans forward in her seat with anticipation, her eyes filled with excitement. I search the auditorium and find the same expression on nearly every person there. But my brother doesn't wear it. He recoils in his chair, repulsed. I make a flash appearance beside him and grab his hand, willing him to erase his open-book reaction. If there is one thing I know, it's that he can't reveal himself without consequences.
“Relax, Derek. Soften your face. Close your eyes. Take a deep breath,” I whisper in his ear. “Don't let them know your true feelings.”
Immediately he complies, taking a deep breath. 
The guy next to him turns and shoots Derek a smile. “Have you ever seen anything like that?” He seems manic, intoxicated, desperate for his turn.
It sickens me.
“Just hang on until we can get you out of here,” I whisper, smoothing the stress lines along Derek's brow.
Lamia and Andras stand at the front of the room, smiling and triumphant. They move through the audience with steady, confident steps, shaking hands and receiving congratulations.
When they reach Derek, he takes Andras' hand with a blank stare. 
“Smile,” I say.
Andras hesitates, and then murmurs, “Yes, indeed. Smile. You mustn't show your true feelings.”
Derek's eyes slowly rise to meet Andras' deep, black holes, which stare down at him. 
“Who's your friend?” Andras asks without releasing Derek's hand.
“Uh,” Derek starts. “My friend? I don't know what you mean.” Derek glances at the kid beside him. “I don't know him.”
Andras' eyes narrow and his lips pull back into a snarl. Derek's eyes dart back and forth, then meet Lamia's who has just come over. 
Andras turns to her. “This acolyte has a tag-along,” he says, a snarl in his voice. “The same spirit who was on the bed with Nichole. I can smell her still,” he hisses.
“Really?” Lamia's eyebrows rise to a high, thin line. “Now that's interesting. I haven't sensed it.”
Derek pulls back on his hand, which is locked in Andras' grip. “Honestly, I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't bring anyone. I haven't told anyone about these meetings.” He glances back and forth between them.
“Take him to a cell,” Lamia commands, her arms folded over her chest, her ice-blue eyes, hard and unforgiving. 
“Wait! I haven't done anything!” Derek screams as two neanderthals grasp him by the arms and drag him out of the auditorium.
They throw him in a room identical to Brecken's and shut the door with a loud bang. The lock turns from the outside. I stay by his side.
Derek stares at the door, then turns and thrusts his hands through his hair, his breath hissing out. “Oh, no. No, no, no.” He paces the floor, sweating like he's run a marathon, his eyes rolling like a dying animal's. 
“Oh, Derek. I'm so sorry. I'll get you out of here if I can,” I say, trying to send a message of calm, although it flies far from the mark. He continues to panic. He can't hear me. Natty was right. I need help. Even if it means humbling myself and admitting I broke the rules, I'll do it to make things right.
Closing my eyes, I take in the silence, the quiet of this haunted death chamber. I hate leaving Derek and Brecken here, but I have to. I have to go straight to Raphael. I know he'll help. 
I picture his face and his office, willing myself to appear there. 
I open my eyes.
I'm still in the vampire's death den.
Please no.
I try again with the same results. With a sinking heart and an awful dread, I realize I'm trapped. Hurrying out of Derek's cell and over to a back door that surely leads to freedom, I run my hand over the handle, but of course, I can't turn it, and it isn't even locked. Without thinking, I bang on the door in frustration. My hand doesn't slip through like it should have. It stops at an invisible barrier, like the one at the bridge to Elysium.
Leaning my head against the solid wood, I ponder my situation. I'm trapped, like always... on the wrong side, making stupid choices. Just like my brother. 
But this time it isn't about me. I've come to save Brecken. He is my whole reason for being here. With a blink of my eyes, I appear inside his cell. At least I'm not trapped from moving between rooms. 
Brecken still lies on the stained, bare, sheetless cot, but he has woken up. Kind of. His arm lies over his eyes and he moans softly, as though having a bad dream. 
“Brecken, can you hear me?”
He turns toward the sound of my voice, squinting. “I feel like I'm gonna puke.”
I kneel at his side so our faces are only inches apart. “I'm here.” 
“Where am I?”
Placing my hand on his cheek, I say, “You're in the basement of some really fancy house. A mansion. Some really bad stuff is going on here.”
He rolls away from me and faces the wall, holding his stomach. “I don't feel good. Let me sleep.”
“Brecken, no. You need to get up. We need to get out of here. We can leave right now if you do. There's no one in the hall. All you have to do is open a door.” I put all the urgency I can into my pleading, hoping he'll pull out of his drug-induced stupor.
With a long sigh, he rolls over to face me. His bloodshot eyes find mine, and he blinks slowly. “Why can't I sleep for a little while?”
“Because you'll miss all the fun,” a voice says from the door.
I whirl around to face Andras in all his demon glory. 
“So we meet again,” he says, stepping into the darkened room, his eyes darting from corner to corner. 
“Do I know you?” Brecken asks, gazing sloppily at Andras. 
“You used to,” Andras answers. “Who were you speaking to?”
“My guardian,” Brecken says, turning over again. “This is a terrible mattress,” he mumbles into its bumpy filthiness.
“Ah, yes. But you won't be here long, so don't worry.” Andras steps forward and lays his hand on Brecken's arm. “I've waited a long time to see you again, Undoer. A very long time.”
At the strange title, Brecken sits up, a frown on his face. He stares at Andras and shakes his head. “Who are you?”
“Ah, you don't remember?”
“Should I?” Brecken rubs his eyes and peers at Andras. “Dude, I've never seen you before in my life.”
“We're old friends,” Andras answers with a lazy smile.
“I don't remember your face,” Brecken says, sitting up straighter, his expression still confused.
Andras takes a step back and cocks his head. “Really? That surprises me.” 
I'm frozen by the door, observing the exchange. It's like watching an old black and white movie where I expect Vincent Price to step into the scene, and I can't shake the feeling I've missed something.
“You don't remember. I can fix that.” Andras begins a slow chant as he moves forward. His lips pull back into a snarl, his words, undecipherable. Before Brecken can react, Andras grabs him around the neck and shoves him hard against the cement wall, breathing heavily into his face. “You know me now, don't you? I see it in your eyes. Or at least the beginning of recognition.” 
Brecken jumps up, but struggles against Andras' strength, his face growing red as he gasps for air. He presses against the fist at his neck. Andras squeezes tighter, and then his leg rises swiftly, kneeing Brecken in the groin. 
The reaction is immediate. Brecken falls to the floor, curled into the fetal position, moaning, and rolling back and forth, his breath coming in ragged hitches. Andras rubs his hand and watches Brecken with unbridled hatred. “You're time is over, Bretariel. You're done. Do you hear me? Done!”
Brecken looks up into Andras' eyes, agony glazing his features. Then Andras flees the room, slamming the door and locking it behind him.

CHAPTER SIXTY 
~Lost and Confused~
Brecken

Brecken lies crumpled on the cold, cement floor, writhing in agony. Never has he felt such white-hot pain. It fills his belly and spreads out with fierceness to his arms and legs. His whole body feels shattered and broken. He wants to die, just to have the pain end. 
When the pain does finally subside, the name Bretariel repeats in his mind, as if he should know it. The familiar cadence of the name wiggles through his brain, but he can't quite remember, can't pull the memory out—like distant answers to forgotten questions on an impending exam. 
The man's face floats beneath Brecken's eyelids, a dark phantom that won't disappear. The enraged eyes glowing with hatred.
That face. He knows that face.
But from where? Everything around him feels off, like a nightmare. He can't grasp how he even got here. The last thing he remembers is Jill sitting on his bed, crying. Had Alisa shown up? He can't remember that either.
Brecken begins to relax enough to take a breath. He looks around and doesn't know where he is, or why he's here, but a dark foreboding condenses inside him, coating him from the inside out. 
Something terrible is about to happen. He feels it deep in his bones. That man who was here hates Brecken with an intensity he's never felt before. He can't imagine why, but he has a feeling he is about to find out.

CHAPTER SIXTY-ONE
  ~A Bad B Movie~
Alisa

“Wha—what was that all about?” I say, still leaning against the wall, staring into Brecken's luminous blue eyes. I listened to the whole exchange between him and Andras in complete confusion.
Brecken doesn't answer me, but after a few moments, he rolls over and stands up on shaky legs.
“He called you Bretariel.”
He falls onto the cot, pulls his legs up, and rolls toward the wall.
“Brecken?” 
“Wait... a second,” he answers, his breath catching. 
“He acted like he knew you.” I stare down at him, waiting. This whole situation is too bizarre. “Brecken. Do you know him?”
“I don't know!” He sits up, his eyes watery pools of suffering. The vein in his forehead throbs as his jaw clenches. “You don't know how terrible I feel,” he says, blinking his eyes, and then wiping his face with his arm. 
“So...”
“So? What do you want me to say? I have no idea who these people are or what they want.”
“Jill's here,” I say, frustrated.
“What?” 
“You heard me.”
“She stuck me with those needles!” he yells into the quiet. His gaze moves around the room but he doesn't really seem to see anything. “I remember. She dug those... those things into my chest!” He rubs his hand over the sore wound.
“She's in on everything. She's... bad, Brecken.” I stand there, wondering what he'll do now. What will I do now? What can I do?
With a broken smile, he shakes his head and pats the cot beside him. “It doesn't matter. I don't really care anymore. Come here. Sit down.”
I don't want to sit down. I want to fight. Not with him, but fight my way out of here, and I want him to fight with me. I have to rescue my brother and find Raphael. The last thing I have time for is sitting and chatting. 
I sit down anyway. 
My arm tingles when he presses against me and all those feelings of anger and irritation vanish. Oh, how I wish I could hold his hand, run my fingers through his floppy bangs, and brush a kiss across his lips. 
Our time is almost over. I'm not even supposed to be here. I'm sure Natty is in trouble for helping, and I've screwed things up royally. No one is coming to help. All is lost, and I bow my head in defeat.
The cell door clanks open. Andras and Lamia step into the room, startling us. They are followed by a couple of their hired thugs.
“Bring him to the bed,” Lamia commands. “And tie him tight. I want this to hurt.”
***

As soon as Brecken is laid on the bed, my heart sinks. He struggles in their grasp, kicking his legs, connecting with his fists here and there, but all to no avail. He can't and doesn't get free. It ends up taking four people to tie him down, and even then, it takes Lamia's thugs forever to make the knots hold tight.
I stay beside him, feeling each wave of fury, frustration, horror, and hopelessness that crashes through him. Who will do the dirty deed this time? Lamia? Andras? Jill?
How can I stop it? I wasn't able to help Nichole, and now she lies dead, drained, and alone. For eternity. Not even her soul will find peace now.
That can't be how Brecken is meant to die. 
If Raphael saw this in his crystal ball, why didn't he warn me? This isn't some random drunk driving accident or even a suicide. This is hellfire and damnation spewed up from the depths of the earth. Demons come alive. Every horror movie made real.
“Brecken! Tell me what to do,” I whisper urgently. “Tell me how to help you. It can't end this way!”
He turns his head on the crimson satin pillow, his hair filling with static. In any other situation, I would laugh out loud, but the hilarity of the moment forms a thick ball of tar in my stomach instead. He lies there panting, bare-chested because they ripped open his shirt. A sheen of sweat beads his brow. 
“Spirit!” Andras bellows. 
I jump and turn to see him looking in my direction. Can he see me? Has something changed? Can Lamia see me as well? I feel exposed all of a sudden, vulnerable. His eyes scan the stage. He searches for me. 
“Bretariel should have told you the truth from the beginning, spirit. But as we can all see, he chooses not to remember.”
 This man is powerful. More powerful that Lamia. I don't understand how the hierarchy works, but somehow, he is the one to be afraid of. He is the one who can destroy me. 
“I don't know what you're talking about!” Brecken yells, raising his head from the satin pillow.
I lean over Brecken, my lips brushing his. That's when I realize he's not being completely truthful. I feel it as our lips touch. Something inside him knows the power of these beings. Something in him has begun to remember. 
“Don't worry,” I whisper. “It will be over fast and then we'll be together, just like we wanted.” I don't know what else to say as I gaze into his beautiful face, his terror-filled eyes. 
“You have no idea who you're dealing with, Bretariel,” Lamia says. “But you will. You will!”
“Go, Alisa,” Brecken begs, his eyes filled with such remorse that I can do nothing but break inside for him. “I don't want you to see this. It's going to be bad, whatever they do. I know it. Go back to heaven and I'll find you when I can.” His anguish reaches out and wraps around my heart, but I can't leave him. 
No matter the danger or outcome, I will stay by his side. I shake my head and stroke his face. “I'm not going anywhere.” 
He gives me a tragic smile, his gaze never leaving mine. “Everything has finally caught up with me. I'm sure I'm getting what I deserve, but I don't want you to watch me die. Please,” he begs. 
Returning his tender gaze, I know I will never know anyone like him again, and in that moment, I vow to do all I can to free him. To give him a chance. To give us a chance. No matter how impossible that seems.
I turn to Lamia, who slowly makes her way up the stage steps, fury ravaging her fiercely beautiful face. Her confidence astounds me, like a dark queen, sure of success.
I close my eyes, a prayer in my heart for a single miracle—the ability to stop this horrific tragedy from happening. A tingle begins in my fingertips and moves up my arms, like tiny diamonds of light twinkling from the depths of my soul. Energy gravitates toward me, like the bending of light, tightening, expanding, entering my soul. 
In that moment, I realize Raphael is right. I am strong. I can prevail, but only if I truly believe it. Only if I make it so.
I open my eyes.
Lamia stops, her mouth hanging slack for a millisecond. “I see you,” she hisses, raising her hands like claws.
“Your nails will do nothing to me, demon,” I say, recognizing the darkness within her. The soul that inhabits her body does not belong in there and is not its original owner. Where is the true spirit of the woman who stands before me? It doesn't matter now. She let this happen to herself. She allowed evil in. I know it as surely as if I watched it on a movie screen. 
“I know you, Lamia, demon vampire, Queen of lies and deceit.” I stare her down, no longer afraid. She can’t defeat me. She can't obliterate me. Lesser spirit, my butt.
“You have no authority here, guardian,” she says, waving her hands in some sort of incantation. “Be gone!”
I can't help it. I bust out laughing. She's so dramatic. And even though I know she can’t hurt me, I'm not sure how to stop her from hurting my brother or Brecken. 
Their fates seem sealed. 
But isn't this why I'm here? My job can’t be over yet. No matter what Raphael says. I am a guardian, but I need someone with the power and authority to cast the angels of Hell back to where they belong, past the fiery pit of Soul Prison, into the eternal depths of unending darkness. 
“You don't scare me, you vapid blood sucker. Let him go!” I point to Brecken, my eyes flashing hot. Then I hear it. Soft, like the chant of a child. It grows in volume. Undecipherable words, in some unearthly language.
 Whirling, spinning, and gurgling away, the power and vitality I felt only a moment before melts into nothing—drained as though some thoughtless moron pulled the plug in the bathtub. 
I turn in slow motion and catch Brecken's eye. 
“Alisa!” he cries.
I blink, falling to the ground in a heap. The Earth rushes up to meet me and my face slaps against the cold tiles next to Brecken's deathbed.

CHAPTER SIXTY-TWO
~Helplessly Helpless~
Alisa

“Your guardian cannot help you,” Lamia says, her teeth grinding. “How pathetic—lesser spirit that she is—she'll never get out.” Her laughter wafts up like bells gone bad.
I claw back to a sitting position as Lamia bends over Brecken, her arms on either side of his head.
Brecken's response is to spit in her face. I am so proud. She screeches like a banshee, and rakes her nails down his cheek, leaving four straight seeping lines of red.
Lamia turns to the crowd in the auditorium, her lips pulled back into a snarl. “My children,” her voice, a growl. “We have a special guest tonight. It will require a special ritual. One you have never seen before and never will again.”
She steps down from the stage and moves slowly up the aisle, caressing faces and bestowing smiles. “In fact, you will all have the chance to taste immortality tonight.” In a brilliant show of light, she spins, her red cape whirling out like fire, her golden hair, a veil of reflected candlelight. “Behold, Bretariel of the Irin, the great Undoer!” 
She holds her arms out toward Brecken as though showing off a fine piece of art. A cheer erupts through the crowd and a hundred hands begin to clap rhythmically, chanting the name Bretariel, Bretariel, Bretariel.
I'm so glad my brother isn't participating. He's still down the hall, locked in a cold, dark cell. Although, he might be the next dish served. Grasping Brecken's hand tighter, I squeeze, hoping he can somehow glean courage from me.
When the noise dies down, Lamia continues. “He brings with him his protector. A guardian of the weakest form.” 
The cheers ring loud. 
“Tonight, not only will one of the greatest of fallen angels be sacrificed on the altar of perdition—his damned soul extinguished into nevermore—but his guardian will also be erased from time and existence!”
They're talking about me! But after all I've been through, I'm not about to be erased from time and existence that easily. Without thinking—which is how I do most everything—I raise my hand, palm out, and shove, as though pushing an invisible shot-put.
Whatever force I possess, I throw toward Lamia. She stumbles forward, her red stilettos tangling in her long, silken robes. An acolyte on the isle catches her as she falls. 
She turns in deadly silence and locks eyes with Brecken. Not a breath is heard in the whole room. “You'll pay for that,” she whispers venomously. “Call off your watch dog, Bretariel, or—” 
“Or what?” he spits. “You'll kill me?” 
“Oh, I'll do more than kill you,” she says, prowling toward the bed where he lies. “I'll rip your soul from your body bit by bit while you live, like you once tried to do to me!”
Brecken chuckles grimly, pulling on his bindings. “That would be a good memory to have back.”
With a howl of rage, she springs for him, flying over the edge of the bed on top of him. Her hands grasp his wrists, and her legs wrap around his. When she smiles, it is with the sharp ivory fangs of a monster. Hers are not silver, detachable, or handmade. They are the real thing, the roots embedded deeply into the bones of her face. 
I shrink back in horror, suddenly wanting to hide. Before I can move, she sinks her teeth into Brecken's neck. His back arches and his cry rips through the auditorium. Never have I heard anything so feral, so heartrending.
I spring for Lamia, my arms wrapping around her waist as I sail past. Surprisingly, I do not slip through her like a ghost without form, but like a boomerang, yanking her away from Brecken. 
With a wild shriek, she grabs at the air. 
“Brecken!” I fight my way toward him, hoping Lamia can't grab me as I grabbed her.
“Andras! Stop her!” Lamia screams. 
Instead of trying to stop me, Andras, places a white towel against Brecken's wound. “If you want this done right, Lamia, it must be performed according to ceremony. Unless you only want to kill his body?” he asks, gesturing to Brecken, who lies grimacing and groaning in pain.
Lamia wipes Brecken's blood from her mouth. “Fine. Get the book.”

CHAPTER SIXTY-THREE
~The Big Black Book of Death~
Alisa

One of the acolytes brings a large black and gold book forward. Its gilded edges and vellum pages, musty with age. Lamia takes the book, hefting it to a nearby stand, and opens the weighty cover. It falls back with a heavy metallic slap.
She sifts through the pages slowly, searching for something. I move to her side to see, careful to keep some distance, but close enough to view the devilish pictures and undecipherable words. 
Finally she stops, her fingers tracing the words of an unintelligible language written in crimson. Horrifying caricatures of demons and wailing humans decorate the page. Lamia turns, her eyes wide and bright with arousal. She motions for Jill. “Come!” 
Jill rises from her seat and walks regally up the steps. At the foot of the bed, she stops and waits, a mixture of excitement and apprehension etched on her butt-ugly face. At least, that's my opinion. 
Lamia smiles and motions to Brecken. “Insert your teeth.”
Jill doesn't look quite as confident as she did a few moments ago, but she nods, takes a box from her pocket, and inserts her silver fangs. She glances over at Brecken, but hurries to look away.
“As soon as I start reading, you drink. Stop when I tell you,” Lamia commands, her voice hard and grinding behind her pearly white fangs. 
Jill nods and climbs onto the bed next to Brecken. He watches her, her betrayal burning in his eyes. 
“I loved you,” he whispers. “I trusted you.”
The ache in my chest—when I hear those words—blossoms anew, and I have to look away. How could he have ever given his heart to her?
Jill won't look him in the eye. “I'm sorry. I didn't expect it to end like this.”
Brecken turns away, the thick muscles in his neck stretching taut. I can see the pulsing vein beneath his skin, alive, vital. Jill stares at it too. She leans forward and grabs his wrists, then glances again toward Lamia, waiting for the command to begin.
Lamia commences to read. The words, in a strange tongue, are guttural and harsh and draw goose bumps. Her tone—hate-filled as it is—conducts power throughout the room. Dark demons rise up from their hiding places, moaning and tearing at their ghastly faces. Candles flicker and Jill bends down, her mouth opening.
With a scream, I thrust all the power inside me toward her, just as I'd done to Lamia, only this time, it has no affect. Because she's human? I'm not sure. Stunned, I nearly fall to my knees. But refusing to give up, I try again, but Jill remains unfazed. Her lips spread wide as she clamps her mouth on Brecken's neck, her silver fangs sinking deep into his skin. 
My soul screams in horror. She'll kill him! How is it possible I can do nothing to stop her?
Brecken doesn't move... or scream... or struggle. He just lies there, staring straight up, accepting his fate. Jill moves over him, gentle as a lover, when in reality, she is nothing more than a murderous succubus.
His gaze catches mine. 
Lamia's voice drones on in the background. 
Jill kneels there, unaffected by the torture she induces. 
I close my eyes, picturing Raphael in my mind. Surely he would help, but my way is barred. He can't hear me. I'm only a lesser spirit after all. No one with any real power. My attack on Lamia had been a fluke. 
Unless...
With renewed determination, I push myself up, vaulting through the air. Once again, I grab Lamia around the neck. Immediately, her words are cut off. Somehow, I have power over her, over the supernatural. When Lamia stops reading, Jill stops sucking and looks up.
“Get her off me!” Lamia screams at Andras. She tears at her shoulders, trying to rid herself of her invisible opponent, but once I realize I pretty much have free reign, I jab her eyes, pull her hair, and yank her nostrils, anything to disrupt her reading. Just when I begin to feel confident, thinking I can actually prevail, my spirit freezes mid-strike.
“Finally,” Lamia growls, turning to Andras who moves behind her, his hand outstretched toward me as he chants. 
“Just keep her back,” she orders as she smooths her hair back into place. “Jill, stand aside.” Lamia turns toward the audience and points at a boy in the front corner seat. “You! You're next. Get up here.”
Surprise fills the boy's face as he fumbles out of his seat and hurries up the steps. He arranges his black robe so it won't hinder him, and slides over the bed. He leans forward and waits, a wicked gleam in his eyes.
“No!” I yell, struggling against the invisible force that holds me. Andras stays focused on me and no matter what I do, I can't fight back. In helplessness, I watch Lamia bend over her evil book as the black-robed boy bends over Brecken. As soon as the words pour from her mouth, the boy's lips attach to the thin skin over Brecken's elbow.
One by one, acolytes from the audience come forward, biting Brecken somewhere on his body and sucking his precious blood. I watch the life drain from him, his face growing ashen. 
I cry out in despair and helplessness.
Then, when I don't think it can get any worse, the great jaws of hell stretch wide. A large, jagged fissure tears across the room's cement floor with a thundering boom. It widens and the walls shake. A deep black pit looms before us, and Lamia screams in euphoric glee, grabbing the book as a host of dark souls swarm into the room.
“What's going on?” Jill screams, grabbing the nightstand for balance. “Is this supposed to happen?”
“Yes! Oh yes!” Lamia cries out in elation.
The other acolytes in the audience glance around, frightened, and hang onto the seats in front of them, but the floor keeps right on shaking. Andras loses focus for a split second, long enough for me to escape his magnetic grasp, and I run back to Brecken. If I don't speak, maybe I can stay hidden from that heinous man's radar. I vow to keep my big mouth shut.
Close to Brecken's ear, I whisper, “Brecken. Open your eyes. It's me. Please Brecken, wake up.” He doesn't respond. 
I gaze onto his face, the softness of his lashes lying against his pale cheeks, his lips, once so full and warm, are now parted slightly in a last sigh, and his hair, mussed and damp with sweat. Tiny holes cover his body like he's been attacked by snakes. I lay my head on his chest, hoping it will rise just once with the intake of breath. 
It doesn't.
A cacophony erupts behind me, but I don't turn. I don't care anymore. I've failed my charge, my calling, and my mission. 

CHAPTER SIXTY-FOUR
~Saved by an Angel~
Alisa

Darkness fills the auditorium. Demons screech occupying every corner. The acolytes who remain seated, now wear terror-filled expressions. I don't care. My heart lies at my feet, smashed and broken. Any hope I held dissolves into nothing. 
Brecken is dead. 
I hold his hand and cradle his fingers. His soul must have risen without me ever seeing it. I can’t help but feel it is a punishment for my failure as his guardian.
I sit, the darkness overcoming me, until I hear the tinkling of chimes far away. No one else seems to notice. They continue on in their raucous, manic, or frightened behaviors.
But something has changed, like sparkling water poured into me, bubbling and fizzing out to my fingers, energizing me. I sit up straighter and notice others in the room are finally sensing something different. 
The shadows begin to retreat into the tightest corners, and a brilliant white light, a sparkling brilliance, appears in the center of the auditorium. A man materializes in glistening brilliance.
And he isn't alone.
A host of bright white beings stand with him, their glorious countenances cowing the darkness that threatened me only moments before. 
“Enough!” Raphael bellows. He swipes a gleaming sword through the air. Chairs pull from their bolts and fly over the acolytes who cower there. After a moment, a quiet settles in the auditorium, and the last bit of debris comes to rest on the dust-strewn floor. He stands front and center like the avenging angel he is, his dark hair flowing out behind him. 
I stare, awestruck. 
Raphael turns to Lamia. His eyes, like fire, narrow as he gazes at her. “What is it you think you're doing here?”
She squirms like a mouse caught in a lion's paw. “Only what is deserved.”
“I thought I made it clear eons ago that Bretariel's soul was taken off the table.” He moves toward her slowly, a predator ready to spring. I've never seen him so calculated, so deadly. 
“I think,” he says, “that you thought you could actually get away with this without anyone knowing. How stupid you've grown over the last ten thousand years.” 
She withers under his gaze, but plants her feet firmly, trying to appear like an undaunted soldier. “You have no authority over me,” she says, her voice shaking with fury. “And no soul is ever taken off the table.”
“Ah, but that's where you're wrong.” He reaches out, slowly his long white fingers wrap around her narrow neck. “I should destroy you right now.”
“But you won't, will you?” She smiles. “You especially won't re-nig on an oath.” She steps back, Raphael's hand slipping away. 
Out of the shadows, Andras springs up behind Raphael, a roar of fury bursting from his mouth as he drives his black sword into Raphael's back. Raphael stumbles forward, falls to his knees, and then to the floor. He rolls onto his back groaning, looking as shocked as the rest of us. 
Andras stands over him, his eyes wild, his lips twitching with raw hatred. “You didn't count on me being here, did you, Watcher?” 
Raphael, although clearly in pain, grimaces up at Andras, signaling for his hosts to stand back. “I'll admit, I'm surprised. How... how did you get free? Only a Watcher could set you free.” He pushes back with his feet to a seated position, his hand holding his side. “And I know of none who would.”
Andras throws back his head and laughs. “Oh, the things I could teach you, great protector.” He leans in close to Raphael, his breath puffing out in a poisonous cloud. “You have a traitor in your midst.” His sword drips acid that hisses and spits on the floor. He raises it to strike Raphael again.
The angels who arrived with Raphael don't wait for the command. They swarm, their glimmering swords slicing through the ghostly demons who dare counter attack. 
Raphael manages to raise his sword in time to meet Andras. Despite Raphael's injury, he rises to his feet and fights like a wild animal. I watch in dread. How can Raphael possibly prevail when wounded? He holds his side and grimaces at each clang of their swords, yet he seems to overpower the Marquis of Hell, who now has fear etched into the creases of his hawk-like face.
Raphael's angelic army fights at his back, slicing through the demon soldiers who disintegrate in a gasp, leaving nothing on the ground but dust. The fight seems so one-sided, the outcome obvious, the angels winning. Especially when the next wave of angels appears... led by Anaita. Never have I been so relieved to see her. 
They swarm into the room, their pale shadows trailing behind them. But instead of raising their weapons with Raphael and his glorious army of light, they fight against them. Raphael stares in surprise for only an instant. His shoulders sag, and then he goes back to fighting, resignation marring his features.
I'm frozen with terror, not understanding any of it. The sound of clanging swords fills the auditorium and screams of pain ring in my ears. Angels with auras as bright as the sun are cut down and killed by their angel brothers, their souls sparkling like fairy dust until they disappear.
Then it all becomes clear—her hate for me, her icy demeanor. Anaita is the traitor. She released Andras. She planned this all along. But why?
It doesn't take long before her eyes find mine. She doesn't break her gaze until she stands beside me, a radiant sword hanging from her right hand. “Always the guardian,” she sneers as she circles the bed. “What a valiant effort you've put forward, but all your labors are in vain.”
“I don't know what you're talking about.” I search for Raphael who is halfway across the room. No one is close enough to help me, and I am no match for Anaita. 

CHAPTER SIXTY-FIVE
~Angel of Death~
Alisa

Anaita leans forward, letting her sword tip rest on the sheets beside Brecken's still form. “Poor thing. He wasn't as strong as I'd thought. I remember a time when nothing could stand in his way.” She glances up and stares deeply into my eyes, just as she did so many times in class. “He played both sides, you know. His heart was as black as that pit you see over there.” She points to the gaping crevasse in the center of the auditorium, which is still vomiting up evil spirits for the angels to cut down.
“You're lying,” I say, my voice soft, but I know she speaks the truth for it pierces me to the center of my soul. 
“Oh, child, he was terrifying to behold, powerful, unstoppable. A general in hell's army!” Her expression intensifies as she stares into space, lost in her memories. Quickly she looks back to me. “But he was sneaky. A counterfeit. He turned the tables in every battle. Do you understand what I'm saying? Do you?” 
 I shake my head. Every second that ticks by leaves me more frightened. She's unstable, consumed with fury, ready to destroy.
“What a stupid girl you are.” The acid in her heart drenches her words. “That's why you were assigned to Bretariel in the first place, because the great Undoer didn't need a powerful protector. He has powers of his own. Not that he remembered that. All we needed was someone to keep an eye on him. But you went and developed a little crush on one of the most powerful dark souls to ever live.” She steps back and laughs, shaking her head, glaring at my stupidity, my foolishness.
Her words sting. “Why do you call him that? The Undoer?” I ask, trying to keep her distracted so the sword will stay where it is and not become embedded in me.
“Because that's what he is! That's what he did! Every battle, every skirmish for souls, every sneak attack to undermine the enemy... Bretariel made it unravel right beneath their feet. No one saw it coming, no one suspected him of duplicity. He betrayed his brothers, his people! He deserves hellfire and damnation!” Her eyes slowly find mine again. “It ends tonight, and I will do the deed myself. There's no forgiveness for creatures like him.”
She raises her sword over Brecken's body. His head lies turned on the pillow, his arms stretched wide. An open invitation for Anaita to plunge her sword between his ribs.
“No!” I scream, lunging, both hands aimed at her stomach. The shock of sudden contact stuns me, and blazing pain shoots through my wrists. 
Anaita stumbles back and drops her sword in an effort to correct her balance. It clatters to the stage steps, glowing with pink iridescence. Her eyes narrow, a feral growl raised between her lips. “You'll pay for that.”
Not waiting for my comeuppance, I dive forward, my fingers closing around the hilt of her sword. Anaita grabs my arm and rolls over me, banging my wrist on the hard stone steps.
“Raphael!” I scream, hoping he'll come to my rescue. I shove the heel of my hand into her nose and actually hear it crack. 
She whips away, holding her face for a moment. “Well, now. That hurt,” she says with deadly calm.
I can't believe I injured her, that I am holding this heavenly sword, which she certainly doesn't deserve. I feel its raw power course through my arm, granting me strength I've never had before. Great waves of energy pulse in my hand and up through my shoulder. I swing the sword back and forth testing its weight, and a small smile forms on my lips. “You made a mistake dropping this,” I whisper. 
With one swipe, the sword slides through the red satin tie that holds Brecken's right hand. I leap onto the bed and slice through the other like butter.
Anaita springs for me. I jump back, my feet unsteady on the unwieldy mattress. We slam against the headboard and roll over Brecken in our fight for the sword. I kick her in the face with my foot; she pummels me with her fist. She will soon overpower me. She is a fighter. A warrior. I am nothing in comparison. I have no idea what I am doing, and at any moment, it will end with me as the loser.
The next second, she has me pinned beneath her. She straddles me with her powerful legs, my arms stuck beneath her knees. A smile stretches across her face as she slides a dagger from its sheath on her ankle. “Well now. This is a nice turn of events.”
I say nothing, but stare at the knife that matches the sword I just held. With two hands, she raises it high above her head, its razor-sharp edge glinting insidiously. “And just so you know,” she says, looking down her nose at me, “this blade is made from sacred samarium for the sole purpose of destroying eternal beings. Once it pierces your soul, you disintegrate completely. Silly little Alisa will exist no more.”
I watch her face. There isn't one part of her that will mourn my demise. Not one iota of guilt will wrack her conscience. The only thing I can think of is that I haven't said goodbye to my family. What will happen to my brother still imprisoned down the hall? 
With aching resignation, I close my eyes. I will not show Anaita my fear, my utter grief at having lost. I feel a slight breeze as she lifts her arms higher and the rush of wind as she brings her arms down... but nothing happens.
Anaita jerks to the side. 
I open my eyes.
Brecken holds her wrist in a vise-like grip, like she is a little bird in the clutches of a tiger. 
Despite his lack of blood, he sits there, staring into her face, his jaw clenched, the muscles in his face flexing. He presses her arm to the breaking point... almost. She falls into the soft blankets, her face surrounded by red satin.
“Enough,” he whispers, looming over her. The tiny holes in his body still drip with blood. Crimson beads fall from his arms and chest onto her pink robes, the stains growing like rose blossoms as they spread. He can hardly sit up, let alone fight Anaita. “Your time has come to an end.” From the look on his face, he seems to know her. 
“Oh no,” she spits. “It's just begun.” Swiveling her body, she twists out of his grasp and knocks him in the face with her elbow. He grunts and falls back, too weak to put up a fight. I scramble over the bed, not quite believing in his miraculous resurrection. 
Heaving leaden breaths, Brecken comes up on one elbow, his face devoid of fear. But there is something else. Something I've never seen in his expression before. A power radiates around him, despite his weakness. 
“Get away,” he whispers.
Confused, I wonder if he's talking to me. Before I can ask, I'm yanked back. Anaita hauls me off the bed and away from Brecken. Her arm tightens around my neck as she drags me off the stage, down the steps, and down the hall to the cell rooms. 
My last glimpse of Brecken is of him forcing himself off the bed and falling onto the floor.
Anaita and I reach the first room and she throws me inside, slamming the door shut behind us. “Let's settle this without interference.”
Dread entangles me in paralyzing fear. I was at peace when I thought Brecken was dead but he's not! He's alive! I can't let her banish my soul now! But I can't defeat her. I know that. She is too strong, too powerful, too frightening.
“You've learned nothing,” she growls, moving forward with precise steps. “You don't get any of it.” She throws her head back and laughs. “I guess that's good for me.”
She grabs me, yanking me close with one hand on my arm, the other around my neck. She presses me into the wall. I have no need to breathe, but the gritting of her teeth, the hate in her eyes, sucks my life away. Does she really despise me so much? Why? What have I ever done to her?
Knowing I need to stall for time, I blurt the first thing that pops into my head. “I know the truth.” 
“Is that so?”
“Yes.” My mind scrambles for something that will make sense. And then I have it. A slow smile spreads across my lips. “You loved him. Didn't you? And he rejected you. That's it, isn't it?” I see in her eyes that I have hit a chord.
Her lips purse and she pushes me harder against the wall, her face only inches from mine. “How dare you say such a thing?”
“But I'm right aren't I?”
“No!”
“You said yourself you like bad boys. Who else is there?” I realize my guess is accurate, and even though I am only looking for something to keep the conversation going, I have hit the nail on the head.
“You are so stupid,” she hisses, spittle flying from her mouth and onto my face. “I have no idea what he sees in you, someone so weak, so pathetic.”
“Admit it,” I say, drawing it out.
She stares with hatred into my eyes, her teeth grinding.
“You're forgetting something,” I say.
She frowns and her grip on my neck tightens.
“Raphael once told me I am more powerful than I realize, that I can do things that would amaze me, that I have the power to crush evil. Even if it wounds me in the process, I will always prevail if I truly believe it.” And even though I am close to death—real death—my mind is clear. Everything is laid open before me like a book, and I know what I have to do. I raise my hand and place it on her wrist, gently pushing her away as though she is only a small child. With my other hand, I take her wrist. 
She stares in amazement. I feel her resist, struggling to regain control, but instead of being powerful, overcoming me, she grows weak. More astonishingly, I'm not afraid anymore. I'm not afraid of her, of Andras, or even for Brecken. I know everything will be okay, even though I'm not sure how.
I turn Anaita around so I am behind her, still holding her wrists, and push her back toward the auditorium. She sputters, curses, and yanks, but she can't break my grip or get away.
Raphael stands at the stage's steps, placing a pair of fiery shackles around Andras' wrists and ankles. “Ah, I see the guardian has finally arrived.” His eyes twinkle and he smiles knowingly. 
I grin back. “Yeah, I am.”
“It's about time,” he says, handing me a pair of strange, glowing chains. Two brilliant angels come to my side and hold Anaita's arms as I clasp a shackle around her right hand then another on her left. “Say hi to Mr. Roland for me,” I whisper in her ear. “That is, if you're lucky enough to go there.”
Her eyes narrow. “Mr. Roland will seem like a birthday party compared to what I'm going to do to you some day.”
The power of her words hits me, but I resist those old, familiar feelings of despair and insecurity. I give her my best glare to prove her words have little effect. 
The angels lead her, Andras, and Lamia away through a luminescent doorway that stands in the center of the auditorium. A legion of heavenly angels march at their side, their iridescent swords ready to strike with one false move. Raphael follows behind.
“Where are they going?” I ask the angel who is still beside me.
“They'll be taken before a council and sentenced, then locked away for a very, very long time,” the warrior says. He smiles and then walks away. 
But that phrase: for a very, very long time, does not sound permanent enough to me. I hope they never get out, that Anaita will never be able to make good on her threat. She scares me more than anyone else does.
I'm left alone. I'm too nervous to walk up to Brecken, who is surrounded by angels excited to help him walk toward the glowing doorway... to lead him away. They are all so happy to see him, to be near him. He doesn't even seem to remember I exist, and I don't want to demand his attention while he is busy with what must be a long-awaited reunion.
 I expect him to look over though, to smile, to wave. Anything.
He doesn't. 
I wait, pathetic and rejected, but he steps through the glowing door without looking back. The pain in my heart intensifies as reality hits. He is moving on. I press a fist to my heart, but the ache remains.
Moving slowly back through the halls off the auditorium. I'm not sure what to do now. The battle has ended. The good guys won. We can all go home. 
Except for one problem.
I don't have one.

CHAPTER SIXTY-SIX
~No Goodbye~
Alisa

I stare at the shimmering doorway as many angels pass through to go home. I turn to one who waits at the back of the line. “So, who is Bretariel anyway?” He smiles gloriously, and I'm reminded of the elves in Lord of the Rings. Funny the things you remember at the oddest times.
“He's a Watcher,” the angel says, “Hired—so to speak—by our side, to help defeat Abaddan's hosts. He had only one final task to accomplish for his redemption to be complete. Life. To become human. To place his soul in a body, be born to a family, and prove himself worthy. Now he has done that.
“This above all proves the intent of his heart since he wouldn't be able to remember anything from his past. His memories would all be erased like everyone else's when they're born. He accepted the terms and has been watched over closely his whole life.”
I have no reply. I blink stupidly at the man before me. “Oh.” 
Some of the angels stay to clean up the mess. And although the real instigators have been shipped off, there are still the human acolytes to deal with. They mill around, their eyes glassy. Like they don't remember where they are.
I hadn't paid attention to where Jill went during all the action, but, as I wander around, I find her hiding in one of the back cells close to where Brecken was locked up. She lies curled in a corner, her eyes pinched shut, her hands trembling over her mouth. A shiver of revulsion pulses through me. This is what she deserves. I can tell that madness has taken hold of her. She's gone off the deep end, and for a moment, I feel a tiny bit of sympathy for the poor thing that witnessed and participated in some serious evil tonight. I can’t help but wonder if there is a special corner of hell being prepared for her. She stole Brecken's blood, trying to get a taste of immortality after all. 
Jill shifts slightly and looks up, her eyes wide and frightened. I don't think she can see me so I stay where I am, staring down at her pathetic form. She searches the room like she knows someone is watching. 
She may not have started this whole mess, but she was an obedient little lieutenant, following orders. Orders that she had to have known were diabolic. I wish her a wonderful eternity in perdition.
On my way back down the hall, I stop at the cell where my brother is. He didn't see any of it. Not Raphael, Anaita, or Lamia reading from her satanic recipe book. He missed all the good stuff, and I am so glad. I didn't want to walk in and see him huddled in the corner with his thumb in his mouth, his brain fried from witnessing such horror.
To my relief he sits on the lumpy, stained cot, his knees up, his head hanging. I move through the locked door with only minor discomfort and sit beside him, wishing there was some way I could speak to him. Really speak to him. To tell him how much I love him, and how sorry I am for killing myself. 
“I can give you a moment if you'd like,” a voice says from the door.
I glance up. A beautiful angel with radiant red hair stands in the doorway, her white robes flowing out around her.
“What?” 
“You want to talk with your brother, right?” She cocks her head to the side, a smile playing around her mouth. “You can. For a moment.”
It takes a second to sink in, but her bright blue eyes confirm my hope. She nods and then leaves the room. I turn to my brother. My big, stupid, wonderful brother. His hair lays matted, and greasy, dark smudges stain his cheek, and a deep sadness wells in his eyes. I place my hand on his and gaze softly at his face. 
He turns his head and blinks, his brow furrowing. He tries to focus in the dim light, and a second later, with a sharp intake of breath, he says, “Alisa?” 
I nod, the hot spark of tears behind my eyes. They aren't real tears, but the feeling is the same. My heart swells as I slide closer to him. “We only have a minute.”
“What are you doing here?” Then the full weight of his question registers. With shame and embarrassment, he turns his face away and his voice catches. “I'm so sorry.”
I smooth my hand over his head with only love in my heart. “I know how hard life can be. I know that it sometimes takes years to look back and see the consequences of our choices. It's all right. I understand. I really do.”
Shifting his body, he looks deeply into my eyes, his mouth open in wonder. “You're alive?”
His question, so innocent, so pure, makes me laugh. 
 “Yep. We go on, Derek. I've been watching over you, trying to figure out why you were with Lamia and Jill in the first place.”
He hangs his head, shaking it back and forth. “I don't know. I really screwed up. I just wanted... I don't know what I wanted.”
I smile, hoping that he won't ever forget this moment. “Just learn from your mistake. And, Derek?” I want to say something profound, something prophetic, something powerful that he could keep with him always, that will protect him from other bad choices, but nothing comes to mind. So I say what is in my heart. “I love you. I love you so much it hurts, and you don't know how it kills me to see you and our family suffering. I'm so sorry for the pain I've caused. Please... please forgive me. If I could go back—well, I'd give anything to go back.”
He stares at me, the wonder of the moment shining in his eyes, his head nodding. “I understand. And I do forgive you. I just wish you were still here. All the time, you know? Like before.” He looks like he might actually cry. It would be the first time—that I know of—since I died.
“Me too.” I lean close, inhaling the familiar scent of his cologne and sweat. “I'll still be here watching, so be good.” With a chuckle, I kiss his cheek, bestowing all the love in that one gesture that I can.”
“Can I tell Mom and Dad about this?” he asks.
“Definitely. I want them to know I've been here all along, and so has Gram and Natty too. I'm happy where I am. Really. Tell them that.” It is a partial truth. I'd much rather be with them in a real body, experiencing life, and not on my way to wherever I'll be sent, but I want them to move on, to release the pain they've been harboring. The pain that I caused. “And tell them I'm really sorry.”
“I will.” A smile stretches across his face, happier and more content than I've seen him in a long time. The stress lines around his eyes relax and the hardness of his mouth smoothes. “They'll be so happy.”
“And no more fighting with Mom.”
“You saw that?”
“Um, yeah. I did.”
He shakes his head, lost in the memory, but not quite as embarrassed as before. The flow has come back, that comfortable camaraderie we shared.
“Well, you better get going,” I say, standing. “You should get home.”
He dusts off his pants, his black robe at his feet, trampled and filthy. “Where will you go?”
“To heaven, of course!” I say with false bravado, a tug in my heart. I'm not about to let him see my anxiety on that topic. “You don't worry about me. Things always work out.” I motion toward the room's entrance. It opens without a sound. Derek is free to go even though he can't see the angel who has opened the door. 
I kiss my fingers and then wave to him, all the while holding in my true feelings of despondency, loneliness, and uncertainty. 

CHAPTER SIXTY-SEVEN
~In the Nick of Time~
Brecken

It all comes back to me in a flash—my past, a crystal-clear memory. The angels and demons that had surrounded me so long ago. The raging battles. Anaita, Andras, Raphael, everyone. Everyone who is here now.
My body aches and burns from my murder just moments before, and I can hardly move. The noise and clang of steel swords, the screaming of eternal death ...those cries that I will never forget, are repeated here again. It's almost more than I can stand and the constant thought that pounds through my mind is that I have failed my earthly probation. 
I was given this one chance at mortality. Now it's over. I remember the promises I made, that I would choose good over evil, that my damned soul would be redeemed. It seems I made one mistake after another. One failure after another. How could I have ever dreamed I'd get what I wished for in the end? God. Heaven. Angels. Eternity. 
Anguish fills my heart and I want nothing more—after all this time and effort—to roll over to give up, but I roll over and see Alisa struggling, like a pinned bug, beneath Anaita's weight.
In a flash, my pain is forgotten as I reach out and seize Anaita's wrist. She turns, surprised, staring into my eyes in horror.
“Enough,” I whisper, just as I had on that ashen battlefield so long ago. She'd been at my mercy then as well. I remember her kneeling at my feet as my sword was poised above her. I should have killed her then.
My thoughts shift back to the present. To Alisa. The resignation of an eternal death on her face. If nothing else, I will stop this, but will Alisa ever understand? Will she still accept me for who I am once she knows the truth? 
Who would want someone so tarnished, so... damaged?
I can't look at her. Not yet. I can't bear to see the condemnation in her eyes. They have to have told her already, and if Raphael hasn't, Anaita surely has.
Anaita steals Alisa away and I can do nothing to stop them from leaving. I fall off the bed in my effort and lie on the floor. I wait, too weak to move, until the angel-warriors I know and remember surround me, buoying me up. I let them lead me away when the battle ends. I let them separate me from my guardian.

CHAPTER SIXTY-EIGHT
~ Alone Again~
Alisa

After Derek leaves, I look down the hall to the room where Brecken was held. Just the fact that he is some bigwig demon-turned-angel leaves me reeling. How could I not have known, not have seen it? His aura did tend to shine brighter than most human beings did, but I'd chalked it up to his gifts of being able to see auras and spirits. 
I think back to all the conversations we had and how I acted like such a stupid teenager. And I can't help but feel like Raphael used me, and that bit of truth flares hot in my chest like a bad case of heartburn. I hadn't been sent to be a guardian, but a spy.
Brecken knew what I was all along. Maybe he hadn't clearly comprehended it—without his memories—but on some level he knew. It was me who hadn't realized I was a secret agent. 
Knowing I'm not needed here anymore, I close my eyes, figuring the only place to go is back to Idir Shoal. 
How depressing.
***
I sit on my bed in Idir Shaol thinking. How stupid is it to have a bed when I don't sleep? Everything that ever bothered me about this place rises to the forefront of my mind. I hate the fake sunshine, the constant cheerfulness of those who work here, and I really hate the pretend sky. Do they think we're idiots? We know it isn't real, and it certainly doesn't make me feel any better. 
The other thing is that I haven't seen anyone I care about yet. I did learn it was Natty who found Raphael and told his army of angels to save Brecken and me. 
 Now I am right back where I started, only more bereft, more depressed, and lonelier than ever. I have nothing to look forward to. I lie back and stare at the annoying ceiling, the puffy clouds floating by in the shapes of bunnies, kittens, and baby chicks. I yearn to reach up and rip the heads off all of them.
I miss Brecken with an ache I can't describe. My heart feels hollow, and all I want to do is cry, but no matter how much I try, no matter how much I wish it, those cleansing tears never appear.
I face the wall, scrunching my eyes shut. I'll lie here until I am forced to leave. Maybe I'll leave if my old roommates show up, which makes me wonder where they are. Have they become guardians? Even Deedre? I'd like to see that on a movie screen.
“No,” I hear someone say beside me. “She chose to go to Soul Prison instead.”
I turn abruptly to find Raphael sitting on Shana's bed, facing me, looking like my old mentor and not the avenging angel he was only a short while ago. I view him with a whole new level of appreciation. His long, wavy hair falls over his shoulders, and his green eyes regard me with sadness.
“Really?”
He nods. “Some do.” 
“What about Shana and Cinder? Are they guardians too?”
“Yes, they both are. And doing well.” He shifts, placing his right foot on his left knee and leans forward, his eyes intense and seeing right through me. “You did very well, Alisa.”
I snort and am tempted to turn back to face the wall. Instead, I bow my head, shame filling me. “You mean falling in love with your charge is condoned now? Good to know.”
He chuckles and shakes his head. “Always the joker.”
“No. A cynic. So now what?”
“Come. There's someone I want you to see.” He holds his hand out. That strong, fighting, powerful, yet gentle hand.
With resignation I say, “I don't know, Raphael. I don't really feel like seeing anyone right now.” My head hangs and my heart feels empty. I want to stay here and wallow... and eat Rocky Road ice cream.
“You'll want to see this person.”
It has to be Gram, come to say good-bye and send me off to Soul Prison in grand style. I should be grateful and relieved that she would come after the huge mess I made. But inside, I resist. I didn't want to see her pitying smile. 
Maybe it won't be so bad. Maybe I'll get a spot close to the light, on the edge of tar and mist, away from people like Mr. Roland. I should have forgiven him long ago, but I hadn't been ready. Funny how that works.
“Okay.” 
Raphael drapes my arm through his and closes his eyes. One second later, we appear in his office, the fictitious light of the noonday sun shining brightly through the wide windows on the far wall.
“Wait for just a moment.” He folds his arms over his wide chest and a smile splits his face. He seems inordinately happy.
“What?” I ask with a bit of petulance.
There is a tap on the door and the handle turns. I watch in slow motion as a whoosh of air blows past me, a flash of white appears, then a bare foot steps in, followed by the rest of the man, or should I say, teenager.
“Brecken!” I exhale in breathless surprise. One emotion after another rolls through me. Surprise, happiness, worry, euphoria, apprehension, and then back to happiness and surprise. I want to run forward, to throw my arms around his neck, to kiss him soundly, but I seriously can't move. 
“Well, I have some things to do.” Raphael winks in my direction, then the door clicks shut behind him and we are alone.
I don't know what to say as I look into Brecken's wonderfully familiar face, the way his eyes blink slowly, his crooked, innocent grin, how his fingers twitch against his thigh—playing a drum tap to some imagined song. He wears a long, white robe down to his ankles, and his feet are bare. He is all Brecken, whole and perfect, and I feel tortured along with my euphoria. 
He steps forward, a shy smile playing on his lips. “Surprised?”
I know if he touches me right now he will feel real, not like I'm a ghost and he's a human. My feet know where I want to go and move toward him.
“I asked to see you one last time, before I have go back.”
I stop before him, our faces only inches apart. The lump in my throat dissolves. “Go back?”
He measures our proximity, his eyes questioning. “Yes. I wanted to see you.”
He is so close. I want to lean forward and kiss him. The thought sends a thrill through me and he smiles as if he has read my thoughts. His hand reaches out. His touch feels real—just like I knew it would—with heat, solid and wonderful. He pulls me closer and his eyes close.
Time slows, and in slow motion, I am surrounded by his arms. I feel the whole length of him—the muscles in his legs next to mine, the hard planes of his chest, the splay of his hands on my back. A beautiful tingle fills my hands as I slide them slowly up and down his neck. I smile in spite of myself. “I can't believe you're here,” I whisper into his ear.
“I can't stay long,” he murmurs against my neck. “I have to finish my tour of duty on Earth, but then we really can be together, just like we wanted. I don't have to forget any of this. I don't have to forget you. They're letting me keep these memories.”
 “But why do you have to go back at all? Why can't you stay here?”
“It's my penance, Alisa. I have to complete it. I have to go back and live a normal life as a semi-normal human and try to make a difference.” He studies me, the love in his eyes, a gift. “You see, what Lamia said is true. I am a fallen angel. I rooted for the wrong team, and I have to pay for that mistake.” He smiles sadly, embarrassed, and I experience those aching feelings through my fingers. 
“It was Raphael who saved me. He saw something inside worth saving. I was given a chance to start over.”
“Wow. That's... just so hard to even comprehend.” I look at Brecken, the same Brecken I've known all along, but now, his face glows, shines, and his smile radiates a happiness I've never seen before. 
“You'll make it,” I said. “You belong in heaven.”
He glances at our joined hands, rubbing his thumb over the back of my fingers. The soft pressure creates a yearning inside me, and all I want to do is hold him. I can't bear the thought of releasing him and leaving. Does he know I'm being sent to Soul Prison? How can he think we'll ever be together? I can’t be the one to tell him, to disappoint him, so I say nothing. 
“I need to go,” he whispers, “but I want you to know that every day, every moment, I'll be thinking of you. I'll check in with Raphael to see how you are, and know that... that... I love you.”
He's never said those words before, never even uttered them under his breath. Their power distills over me like a warm, humid mist, filling every crack and crevasse of my aching soul, healing my heart, converting my doubt to hope. 
He loves me!
My whole life I've struggled to feel loveable—a symptom of my abuse—but Brecken's words, his unconditional love, erases those unwanted memories from my mind. 
I throw my arms around his neck once more and pull him close, inhaling the wonderful scent of him. Woods and maleness. I soak him in, figuring it will be the last time. He pulls back to look deeply into my eyes, then leans forward and presses his lips against mine. His hands spread on my back and the pressure of his fingers grip my robe. I tighten my arms around his neck, my hands tangling in the hair at his neck. Never have I clung to anyone this way, with such fervor, such sadness, knowing the magic will soon end. 
When he pulls away, the same dread I feel in my heart is on his face. “I have to go.”
“I know.” My lips graze the soft skin of his neck, the scars from his punctures wounds healed. “You'll wait for me? You won't go off and fall for some other guardian?”
“You need to ask?” 
I brush my fingers over his lips, memorizing his face—the crinkles around his eyes, every freckle, every nuance in his expression. “I'll wait for you forever.”
We gaze into each other’s eyes, neither of us wanting to let go or look away—our clasped hands, our aching hearts refusing to say good-bye. I yearn to stay in this bittersweet moment, but a knock sounds on the door and Raphael peeks in.
“Time to go, Bretariel.”
“Okay.” Brecken's lips brush over mine one more time. “And don't forget what I said, and if you're ever in my neighborhood... ”
“I will.”
He steps back, his arms still reaching for me, this heartache ripping us in two. “I'm not going to say goodbye.” His face twists into a grimace as though leaving me is physically painful. How long before we are together again? Will he finish his penance before me? I'm not ready to say goodbye!
Raphael places his hand on Brecken's shoulder, and with a reluctant nod to me, they disappear in a shimmer of light. 
And just like that, I am alone.

CHAPTER SIXTY-NINE
~What Future Awaits~
Alisa

I stay in Raphael's office, knowing he'll be back. Now that Brecken is gone, I'm ready to go. There's nothing left for me in Idir Shaol. There's no one to say good-bye to—no one to miss. 
When Raphael returns, he doesn't seem surprised to see me still waiting, but instead of ushering me out or ordering me down to Hell—which is what I suspect will happen, because I did disobey—he comes in and closes the door. Nervously, I await his decision—because I did go back to Brecken when I wasn't supposed to, and I did talk Natty into disobeying as well. The wrong choices I've made are the ones that stick to the forefront in my mind.
Raphael sits down on the couch and pats the cushion next to him. He seems much too calm for a moment like this. The moment of my sentencing.
“I am going to tell you something I haven't said to anyone in a very long time.”
I watch him, waiting, holding my breath... figuratively.
He takes my hand and stares into my eyes with an intensity that quickly begins to alarm me. This is going to be bad. Really bad. This is it, and my nonexistent heart pounds in my chest. I can already feel the hot, sticky tar of Soul Prison sucking me down.
“I'm giving you a choice,” he says, his stoic expression never changing. 
Wait? What? “A choice?”
He turns slightly and exhales through his nose, staring out of the windows that cause the room to glow with glaring brightness.
My heart races faster. I place my hand on his arm, leaning forward. “A choice?” I repeat.
“I think you have earned it.”
I stare into his eyes, not daring to hope, and yet, that is all I can do. “You mean?”
“You have proven your worth,” he says. 
A surge of love washes over me like an ocean wave, pounding into my quaking soul. All the fear and reluctance for my future washes away in those few words.
“You can choose to rest in Elysium with your grandmother and your friend, Natty... or, you can go back to Earth. To be a guardian again.”
I can't stop the smile that spreads across my face. “Are you serious?” This is too good to be true, and just as I am about to throw my arms around his neck, he stops me. 
“Not for Brecken, Alisa. For someone else. Someone just as deserving.”
I pull back just enough to study his face, and the significance of his words. How can I go back, and not be with Brecken? For a moment I sit there, immobile, my mind racing to solve this dilemma, and oh, the exquisite pain that pierces my heart, like a dull dagger, ripping and tearing instead of leaving a clean cut. “But why?” 
Raphael cocks his head as though confused by my question. “Because he has certain requirements he must meet, Alisa. Without any interference.”
“What does he have to do that I can't be a part of?” I'm torn in half. I'm ready to fall down on my knees and start begging. They can't do this to us. There has to be a rule or something.
Just when I thought it couldn't possibly get any worse, he says, “Brecken is required to have a normal human life. To have a family... with a wife and children.” 
I'm stricken. I can't talk or even think of a coherent thing to say. When I raise my eyes to meet his, I see he is sincere. This is no lie or prank. “You can't be serious,” I whisper, pleading. “Please tell me you're joking.”
The look on his face says it all. As far as we're all concerned, his verdict is carved in stone. How can I bear this? How could I be a guardian to someone else, all the while knowing Brecken is getting older, getting married, and having children? It's too cruel. To both of us. 
“Does he know?” I ask, remembering Brecken's last words, that he'll wait for me—that we'll be together again.
“Not yet,” Raphael answers. “But he will. I'll tell him soon, after he's had... time.”
Gazing out the window, a million thoughts sift through my mind, ways to circumvent this. Could we run away? Escape? However, I know, deep down, that none of it is truly possible.
“Would you deny him this happiness?” Raphael asks quietly. “The gift of a family?” 
I can't answer. I know what he wants me to say, but I cannot say it. 
Instead, I do what I do best. 
I run. 
Acknowledgements

I want to give a huge thanks to my rockin’ awesome critique group. Without them, this book would be nothing like it is. I love you guys! Renae Mackley, Shannon & Brock Cheney, Richard Johnson and Angela Millsap.
Also, many thanks to the amazing women at Clean Teen Publishing, who took a chance on me. They made this book sparkle, and gave me new hope for a writing career. To Marya Heiman for being so easy to work with on the cover. I was picky, and she bent over backward to give me what I wanted. To Courtney Nuckels, Rebecca Gober, and Dyan Brown for their patient advice and hard work. I love this publishing company!
And last but not least, to my wonderful family, that put up with me patiently while I practiced my craft for the last five years. They’ve cooked, cleaned, run my errands, and picked up my slack. Bryan, Jacob, Seth, Heidi, Gabriel, and Wyatt. You guys are my life, wholly and completely.

About the Author

 M.E. Cunningham (Also known as Melissa Cunningham) began writing five years ago when she decided, out of the blue, to enter a community writing contest and won first place. From that moment on she had a new love: Writing. Melissa is a member of the League of Utah Writers. Her past publication experience includes a recurring opinion column called Writing Reality, for her local newspaper: The Leader

Melissa’s first novel: Reluctant Guardian, was accepted for publication through Clean Teen Publishing in August 2013.  

When Melissa is not writing you can find her spending time with her husband of eighteen years and her five children. Melissa studied music in college and loves to read all things fiction. Melissa lives in Northern Utah with her family, her horses, cats, dogs and chickens. 



Aftershock

An Aftermath Short Story

Aftermath is available on all platforms 12/2/14

By: Sandy Goldsworthy

Images on the glass walls taunted him. 
“We found your wife’s soul in Emma Bennett,” his partner said the day before.
Ben sat there for hours, long after the other agents left for the day. He didn’t need any witnesses when he reviewed the file of his soul mate, the wife he lost when he died in World War II at Pearl Harbor. 
Photographs of Elizabeth’s past surrounded him, hovering in holograms around the room. Wedding pictures and childhood images brought back memories of their last life together.
When Ben reached the Afterworld and learned his wife had years left to live, he joined the Bureau of Investigation. Being an agent allowed him to travel to earth disguised as a human. He wanted to watch over Elizabeth and their son. 
By the time Ben’s training was completed and he was finally free to roam earth, months had passed. He never saw his wife again. Ben sat in this same room at the agency’s headquarters when Elizabeth didn’t transition as expected, and no one could locate her whereabouts. 
“There are millions of souls, Ben,” his commanding officer said back then.
He agreed there were millions of souls, but only one that mattered to him. Searching for Elizabeth for decades, isolating himself at times, he always wondered what happened to her. In those years, the bureau became his family, and he threw himself into his work.
Memories filled his mind as his life with Elizabeth flashed before him in a slideshow on the walls. Suddenly, it was fall, 1931. 
Elizabeth Emmaline Hudson was sixteen years old and the most beautiful girl Benjamin had ever seen. She had shiny, brown hair and bright, blue eyes that smiled when she spoke, but when she looked at him, they sparkled. 
It was a crisp, Saturday afternoon. At sixteen, Benjamin was too old for chores, he thought. But when his father ordered him to take the truck into Riverside to pick up groceries for his mother, he obeyed. He had plans to go into town with some buddies and catch a movie, but his father told him that would have to wait. 
Benjamin climbed into the family’s pickup truck and turned the ignition, pumping the clutch, and hoping for an easy start. The old truck had its quirks, but it was all they could afford. It chugged to life, and he began his ten-minute drive to the city. 
He almost stopped at Walt Crandon’s on the way, but thought better should his father find out. Any deviation from his father’s direct instruction would be met with harsh words, not to mention more wood chopping before winter set in.
Benjamin rarely went into Riverside. Most of his friends went into Westport, a larger city with a movie theater, which was the same distance from his house on the lake. He parked the truck in front of the store with the dark green sign that read “Hudson Grocery.” Through the front window with the yellow and white letters spelling “General Store, Est. 1894,” he could see Walt’s mother speaking with an older, heavyset man. He figured it was Mr. Hudson. Benjamin watched them for a second or two. Mrs. Crandon pointed out vegetables, which the man placed in a crate. Benjamin’s mother raved over the fresh produce carried at the store. It appeared that Walt’s mother preferred their selection, too.
Benjamin got out of the truck and checked his reflection in the window before walking inside. He heard that Elizabeth helped her father in the store on weekends. In case he would see her, he smoothed his dark brown hair back.
The store was bigger than he remembered, with several baskets of apples and squash in front. Mrs. Crandon was too busy ordering Mr. Hudson around for either of them to notice that he walked in, or hear the bell that rang when he shut the door. The floorboards creaked as he walked slowly past the russet potatoes to the counter. He stood patiently waiting his turn.
As Benjamin began daydreaming of all the things he could be doing, he heard a voice behind him. It was soft and delicate. “May I help you?” she asked. Startled, he spun around. 
There she was. Elizabeth stood behind the wooden counter with jars of rock candy in three colors. She looked like an angel sent from heaven. It was months since he first saw her, at a party that summer. Elizabeth looked directly at him. Shoulders back, standing tall, she confidently waited for his reply.
Suddenly, Benjamin was uncomfortable. 
“Ahh…” He hesitated. For a second, he forgot why he was there. “Umm… yes. Yes, I’m here to pick up a grocery order. My mother called it in.” Benjamin stuttered over his words, staring at her. When their eyes met, he knew she was the one for him. His heart began to race, and he hoped she wouldn’t notice. 
Benjamin completely forgot about his friends and the plans they made to see Frankenstein. Everyone from his school was going, but he no longer cared. He was standing in front of the prettiest girl in Westport County, and she was talking to him. 
“Sure… for Holmes, right?” she asked.
That was the first time his heart stopped. 
“Yes.” He paused. “I didn’t realize you knew my name.” All the confidence he thought he lost was back. She remembered him.
“Oh, yes. We met at the island this past summer.” Elizabeth blushed as she spoke. “I’m sorry I jumped in your lap during that ghost story.”
“Ah…” He grinned, and her eyes sparkled in return. “I didn’t mind.” 
Elizabeth’s face reddened, and she glanced down at the counter. “I shouldn’t have done that. My father would be very upset with me.” Elizabeth looked up at Benjamin again. “It wasn’t very ladylike.”
“You were very much a lady evening, Miss Hudson. Very proper, actually.”
“Thank you. You can call me Elizabeth.” She hesitated a moment. “I better get your mother’s order.” She turned toward the back room where she came from.
“Did you need help?” Benjamin suddenly remembered his manners. “I mean, I can carry it for you.”
Stopping, she faced him. “That would be nice.” She smiled. “There are two boxes. I had them in a wagon for you.”
Benjamin followed her to the red Radio Flyer that held his mother’s grocery order. He lifted a box with ease, proud to show his strength in front of her. Elizabeth was waiting for him when he returned from the truck. He signed the receipt to charge to his mother’s account and picked up the last box. Hesitating, he stood there a moment. Elizabeth eyed him cautiously.
“Do you like going to the movies?” he mumbled, resting the groceries on the counter.
“Yes.”
Benjamin fidgeted a second or two before gaining the confidence to continue. “Would you like to join me tonight? Frankenstein is playing in Westport.” 
Elizabeth hesitated, chewing on her lower lip. Benjamin regretted asking. She glanced toward her father, still chatting with Mrs. Crandon on the other side of the store. “Actually, my father would need to approve that… and um…” She paused for a moment. “I’m not sure he would agree.” She looked down, her long lashes moving in slow motion when they opened and closed. 
“I see.” A sense of relief struck him. She didn’t say no. Benjamin looked around, and then back at her. “I’ll be right back.” He grabbed the box of groceries and carried it to the truck. When he returned, Mrs. Crandon was gone and Mr. Hudson was beside Elizabeth at the counter.
“I wanted to introduce myself,” Benjamin began. His father always told him to look people in the eye while he spoke, but his nerves got in the way. Instead, Benjamin looked at the man’s apron tied at the waist, and his thin, black tie tucked in.
“Ah, yes. You’re the Holmes boy.”
“Yes, I am.” Benjamin extended his hand in proper introduction. “I’m Benjamin.” 
“I ’member when you were just a tyke,” Mr. Hudson said. He was as jovial as he was round. They shook hands.
“Well, sir… I wanted your permission to take Elizabeth to the movies tonight. Frankenstein is playing in Westport.”
Mr. Hudson’s smile turned flat. He looked at Elizabeth a long moment before staring at Benjamin again. “Well…” the man began. The silence was awkward as Elizabeth begged her father with her eyes. Finally, he spoke. “Your mother’s a good woman… and a good customer.” 
“Yes, sir.”
“I’ve known her for years.” He paused, taking a deep breath. “Your father’s a veteran, isn’t he?” 
“Yes, sir. Navy Captain when he retired.”
“That what you planning to do, son?” Elizabeth’s father rubbed his cheek, speckled with a five o’clock shadow.
 “Yes, sir.” 
“You in school?”
“Yes, I graduate this year, sir.”
The man nodded, lost in thought. He scratched his bald head, and a bead of perspiration formed at his temple.
“Please, Papa,” Elizabeth interjected.
“I promise to take good care of her, sir,” Benjamin added.
Mr. Hudson was silent. After an uncomfortable pause, he agreed to let Benjamin take Elizabeth on a date, but not until he gave a significant lecture on the proper respect of a young lady. 
Benjamin promptly arrived at six o’clock as instructed. Elizabeth’s father greeted him at the door before he rang the bell to their home above the store. Mr. Hudson escorted him up the staircase, where Elizabeth’s mother waited. She shook Benjamin’s hand, led him to a small parlor overlooking the street, and gestured for him to sit while he waited for Elizabeth. He chose the davenport. 
“What a tall boy you’ve become. So nice to see you,” Mrs. Hudson said. She sat across from him, folding the handkerchief she held in her hands.
“Nice to see you, too, Mrs. Hudson,” he answered. “My mother says hello.”
“Oh, please tell her the same. I hope she enjoyed the apples she ordered.”
“Yes, ma’am. She did. She’s baking pies for tomorrow’s festival.”
“That’s lovely. Your mother makes the best pies.”
“Thank you. I’ll be sure to tell her. She will be delighted to hear that.”
“Now, son,” Mr. Hudson interrupted. He sat in the chair beside Benjamin and leaned closer. “Do you remember my instructions?” 
“Yes, sir. I do.” Despite the confidence in his voice, Benjamin felt uncomfortable.
“You treat her like a lady.” He glanced at his wife, who looked down at her hands. “I expect you to keep your distance. Arm’s length. At all times.” 
Mrs. Hudson’s shoulders slouched as her husband’s voice increased. Benjamin saw the embarrassment on her face. 
“Absolutely, sir. I will be a gentleman,” Benjamin answered.
“I’m counting on you, son. This is my daughter.” Elizabeth’s father aimed his forefinger at Benjamin while he spoke. 
“Eh-hm.” Elizabeth cleared her throat and entered the room. Everyone stood and turned to look at her. Dressed in a blue, floral dress, Elizabeth was beautiful, and Benjamin couldn’t take his eyes off her. “Father? May we leave now?” Elizabeth asked. Her hand was poised on her hip. 
Mr. Hudson was visibly taken back. After mumbling “Fine,” he extended his hand to Benjamin.
“Thank you. I’ll have her home early.” A sense of relief overcame Benjamin.
“I’m really sorry about my parents,” Elizabeth said after they were a block away.
“Don’t be. I understand.” Benjamin glanced at her as he drove. “Your father’s just nervous about letting go of his daughter. That’s all.” He smiled. “I would be too. If… I mean, if I were a parent, I would be protective of my daughter, too.”
They talked the entire ride to Westport. Elizabeth was everything he thought she was and more. 
At the movie theater, they sat a few rows away from their friends and shared popcorn. When the music grew loud and everyone jumped in anxiety, Elizabeth turned to cover her eyes, burying them in Benjamin’s chest. He carefully put his hand on her shoulder to console her, until the music quieted and she could open her eyes. 
“Sorry,” Elizabeth whispered.
“Are you all right?” he asked. “Do you want to leave?”
“No, I’m fine.” Elizabeth sat upright in her seat until the music increased again. “Will you… I mean, um…?” She mumbled something Benjamin couldn’t understand, glancing between him and the screen as if afraid to look.
“We can leave, if you’d like,” he whispered. 
“No, no…” She looked at him. “Would you please hold my hand?” 
Benjamin nodded, smiling inside. He held her hand gently in his. Long after the scary scene ended and the movie continued, Elizabeth never let go.
When the movie was over, they stood to leave. Benjamin leaned down to apologize for taking her to a movie that frightened her. There, in the semi-dark theater, she kissed his cheek. Instinctively, he touched his face. 
“Would you like to get an ice cream soda?” he asked, as they exited the theater. Elizabeth’s eyes brightened and he knew the answer was yes before she said it aloud.
At the ice cream shop across from the street, they sat in a corner booth, each ordering a different flavored soda. She ordered chocolate. He preferred vanilla.
They talked about their families and their dreams.
“I always wanted to go to art school,” Elizabeth said, but her eyes confirmed she wouldn’t. “My mother’s not well. I must help my father in the store.”
Benjamin listened patiently as the beautiful girl before him spoke of her love for her family, her fear for her mother’s unknown illness, and the sorrow she faced having lost touch with her sister.
“Catherine told Father she was going to school.” Elizabeth glanced up at Benjamin before continuing. “I knew she dropped out, but I could never tell him.”
When Elizabeth asked about his family, Benjamin explained he was an only child. “My father was in the Navy,” Benjamin told her. “He retired a captain.”
“That’s what you told my father you planned to do. Right?” 
He swallowed the invisible lump in his throat, and then nodded. “I mean, my father said it’s a good living, and I want to provide for my family. Someday.”
Elizabeth smiled, and Benjamin reached for her hand.

Five minutes before Elizabeth’s curfew, Benjamin parked in front of the store. He jumped out of the truck. Opening her door, he noticed Mr. Hudson watching from the window. Elizabeth thanked him when he helped her to the sidewalk.
“I really enjoyed your company this evening,” he said.
“I did, too.” Her cheeks turned pink. “Thank you.”
“I apologize for taking you to a scary movie. That was inconsiderate of me.”
“Oh, no… please. It’s me. I like going, I… I just need to close my eyes,” she said, her cheeks getting redder. “My sister would usually go with me.” She looked down, embarrassed.
“Well, I don’t mind holding your hand,” he paused, “since she’s not here.”
“Maybe there will be another scary movie out soon,” she teased. He could tell she was as nervous as he was.
“Can I take you out again, then?” Benjamin asked.
Elizabeth smiled. “I would like that very much.”
As he drove away that night, he knew he would marry her. 

Decades later, sitting in the boardroom at the Afterworld’s Bureau of Investigation, Ben could still feel her kiss on his cheek and the warmth of her hand. They married a few years later. Ben loved her with his whole heart, until the day he died, and every day after.
Seeing how her life unfolded without him, he hung his head. Images of Elizabeth as a widow, a middle-aged woman abused and depressed, and a mother struggling to survive, haunted him. 
He fought the anger he felt for abandoning her, and he hoped she forgave him.
Watching the video stream before him, Ben realized the images of his soul mate switched from her life as Elizabeth, to her new life as Emma. A young, freckled girl smiled on the swings and picked dandelions from the yard. Childhood gave way to adolescence, and with it came dances and makeup, and the unfortunate passing of her mother. Ben watched as young Emma grew up before his eyes. He smiled at her accomplishments and choked back tears when he witnessed her mother’s funeral. Emma was just as beautiful in this life as she was in the past.
Fast-forwarding to the future, Ben realized losing her mother wasn’t the only tragedy Emma would experience in this lifetime. There was more to come, and he wanted to be there for her.
Would she remember him? Would she still love him?
He had to find out. 


Aftermath is available on all platforms 12/2/14




Promotional Chapters



Hidden Monster

Amanda Strong

Clean Teen Publishing



Step, step, breathe, breathe, step, step, breathe, breathe. My shoes kept a steady rhythm with my burning lungs. I veered off my regular path, opting to hear the crunch of the leaves beneath my feet. The image of my mom’s disapproving face was ignored as I leapt across a gurgling brook. Breathe, breathe, crunch, crunch.
If I wasn’t mountain biking, I was running. I craved speed and freedom. I had to escape the oppressive perfection of living in the Campbell home. Thinking of my two older sisters, one model and the other a star volleyball player, my legs lunged, lengthening their stride. Not good at team sports and terrified by cameras, I knew my family felt my height was wasted on me. 
Even Jeremy gives me a hard time. 
A stitch pinched my side. Breathe, breathe. I knew I was going too fast, not pacing myself right. Something was urging me on, pushing me to scale the hill before me, and plunge deeper into the woods. I refocused on my rhythm, my inhales and exhales, and my body realigned itself, goose bumps shooting across my arms. There it is. I’d hit my second wind and I surged on, not caring where my feet led. 
It’s freedom! Complete and—
There was a rush of air, a whistling in my ear, and a sting to the back of my arm. Instantly, I tumbled to the ground, sliding into the damp morning dew. Cold dirt filled my nostrils as blackness enveloped me. 
***
I heard my own labored breathing long before I realized I was somewhere in between awake and asleep. Forcing my eyes open, I gasped. My senses took everything in at once—the smell of wood shavings, the scratchy ropes on my wrists and ankles, and the pressure of the mattress beneath my body. I screamed, but the empty room with wooden floors and stacked logs for walls was empty. No one burst through the door in the corner.
Realizing it was useless and only making my throat raw, I fell silent. Panic flooded me. How did I get here? I pressed my thoughts to retrace my steps, but my mind felt sluggish. My last memory was running in the woods just before sunrise. I could still feel the burn from the autumn air hitting my lungs. Now the solitary window painted a yellow rectangle on the floor. The room felt stuffy. It’s probably late afternoon. But is it the same day?
The minutes rolled slowly into hours, the silence suffocating. What had my therapist said to do when I was scared? Breathe deeply and don’t panic. It was too late for that; all the years of therapy after my childhood accident were rendered useless. I’m drowning all over again. Only this time, it wasn’t water filling my lungs but pure fear and terror pressing down on my chest. I gulped in dry air, my eyes burning with tears.
No one’s coming to save me. A sob escaped me as the real horror of the situation washed over me. I’m tied up. Someone knows I’m here. What would happen when they came back? As the last rays of light were snuffed out by the shadows of the night, that someone came through the wooden door.
***
“Just tell me—what do you want?” I asked, knowing it was pointless. In the three weeks—or had it been longer?—of my imprisonment, I had yet to get an answer. He never spoke. 
I blinked, trying to clear the blurry blob that occasionally floated across my right eye. Never having glasses before, I was annoyed by my hazy vision. I blinked again, my eyes refocusing on the figure pacing the room. What had started as a dull headache was now a hammer drumming at the back of my eye sockets. I need water. My stomach grumbled with nauseating hunger. 
There was no escaping the noxious, pinstriped mattress, except for the periodic bathroom breaks, which weren’t frequent enough. 
My jaw quivered, and I clamped my mouth shut. Don’t start chattering now, I commanded myself, knowing it usually ended with my whole body convulsing. October was merciless on my bare skin; my arms and legs were permanently smattered with goose bumps. 
Stupid running shorts. I wished for the thousandth time I’d listened to my mom and worn a sensible sweat suit that day. The swish-swish of his warm ski parka and pants seemed to mock me, as he continued his route of six steps forward and then six steps back again. 
First time in my life that I love my leg hair.
 Too late, I realized it was quiet, the rhythmic swish-swish gone. In one impossible leap, he was next to me. I squeaked out in surprise. This wasn’t the first time he’d come close, but usually he ambled over, producing a long needle from his pocket. 
Silently, he pressed his face against mine, the black ski mask tickling my forehead and nose. I shied away, terrified by both his touch and the change in his behavior. My bindings made my attempt to move useless, so I squeezed my eyes shut. My chest heaved up and down as my heart galloped against my rib cage. It’s ok. He’s got a needle. The pinch’s coming still. It’ll be over soon, I consoled myself. 
The ski mask lifted off my face. I tried to steady my pulse, inhaling slowly. Not daring to open my eyes, I waited, but there was still no pinch. The stillness stretched on, with only his heavy breathing letting me know he was near. Never talking, the mechanical sounds he produced reminded me of Darth Vader. I long since decided that he was actually a human and the protruding square under his mask was just a voice modulator. He’s still a monster. His growling sounds sent chills through me. 
Maybe he has food. I cracked my eyelids, peeking through feathered lashes. His body leaned over mine, elevated by knuckles planted in the mattress. Terror rippled through me. Why isn’t he drugging me? Why isn’t he drugging me? I welcomed my arm being stuck with a needle. It was my only escape from this nightmare. 
With tall boots, gloves, and a long, knit mask, I hadn’t known if my abductor was male or female at first. Now with the way he moved, stared at me, and shoved water bottles and bread into my mouth, I knew he, it, was a man. 
The bed lowered as he sat down next to me, his weight pulling my body toward him. The bedsores on my backside smarted at the slight shift. Even with his face covered, I could feel him ogling me. One hand reached out, stroking my matted hair down, brushing errant strands from my face. I gritted my teeth, resisting the urge to bite his glove. He hadn’t actually hit me before, but I didn’t want to take my chances. Maybe I should bite him. Maybe it’ll end this misery. 
The breathing halted as the ski mask cocked to one side. 
His voice slurred. “What do I want?” I bit my lip to keep from gasping. He’d never responded before. “It’s obvious, isn’t it? I want you to fall in love with me.” 
Holy freak! He’s more insane than I thought! I swallowed, forcing my dry tongue to moisten my mouth. “I’ll never love you!” 
He chuckled, the sound like a horror movie. “Yes, you will. You see, I’ve always loved you, Samantha, or should I call you Sammy?”
He knows my name? Dark spots popped in my vision, and my body felt like it was floating several feet above my head. Crap, I’m going to pass out! 
He touched my arm with his gloved hand.
“Don’t!” I hissed, and he instantly recoiled. Dumbstruck, I stared at the ski mask. Is he really listening to me? I didn’t want to faint or be drugged. Not if this was my one chance to talk to him. Pulse pounding in my ears, the adrenaline cleared my mind, giving me courage. “Please, I need water.”
He cocked his head to the side, as if considering, and then produced a small water bottle from his pant pocket. A gloved hand tugged my hairs out as he elevated my head, but this time, he didn’t shove the bottle against my lips. I drained it within seconds, not satiated, and wanting more.
I asked again, “What do you want? Why am I here?”
“I already told you. I want you to fall in love with me.” 
“Then let me go! Untie me,” I begged as something wet tickled my lips. I licked the salty tear away. 
He didn’t say anything, just sat next to me breathing. 
“Who are you?” I persisted. Again, silence. “How long are you going to keep me here?”
“That depends on how long it takes.”
“For what?” 
“For,” he paused, “you to love me.”
I resisted the hysterical laughter bubbling within me. He’s serious, completely psychotic, but serious.
 “How can I,” I hesitated, “fall in love with someone I can’t see? Why don’t you take your mask off?”
“No!” he barked, jumping to his feet.
Relieved he was further away, I decided to push him. This might be my only chance.
“Can I know your name at least?”
“No.”
“Ok, well, how do you know me then?”
“I’ve known you a long time.” 
I shuddered. “Do I know you personally?” 
“Yes.” The voice modifier made it sound like a growl.
My body began shaking. “What do you want?” I whispered.
“Why do you keep asking the same question over and over? You’re smarter than this. That’s why you’re so unique, Sammy. You’re not only beautiful, you’re brilliant.”
Okay, maybe he doesn’t know me that well. I’m anything but brilliant. Stay calm. Keep him talking. “Why are you drugging me? Why can’t we just talk then?”
His sigh sounded more like a roar. “You ask too many questions, Samantha. You need to sleep now.”
“No!” But he grabbed my arm with one hand, while the other produced the all-too-familiar needle. “No,” I begged. “I can sleep without it! I don’t need it!”
“Yes, you do. I know what’s best for you. Trust me; this is for your own good. And this one is a special blend; I made it myself. You’ll sleep wonderful tonight.”
I thrashed against the ropes, but it was no use. The tip of the needle burned my skin. 
He paused and then glanced down at me, his ski mask moving with his mouth. “Wait, I want to tell you something first.” I could no longer feel the point of the needle against my skin. “You are going to fall in love with me Samantha. It’s only a matter of time. You’ll be mine one day. One day you’ll lie in my arms and kiss my lips.” His gloved finger traced my lips.
I turned away and spat, “Never! I’ll never love you!”
“That’s where you’re wrong. We’re meant for each other, and no one can ever love you like I do. You were always my special girl.”
My head snapped back to glare at him. Special girl? Only one person said that to me. A sinking sensation flooded my body as I gasped, “Jeremy? Is that you?” 
The needle inserted, but I no longer cared about the pinch and the burn it caused. All I knew was the scrambled voice that said, “I guess you’ll never know now, will you?” 
I struggled to respond but the drug worked fast, seeping through my veins like ice-cold water hitting an empty stomach. My body welcomed it, drifting off into the black void it created.



I actually had a dream, even if it was running in an endless forest, Jeremy right on my heels. Stumbling on the uneven ground, I felt arms wrap around me from behind, crushing the air out of me. 
I bolted upright screaming. Wait. I’m sitting up? 
Still in my one-bedroom prison with daylight coming through the window, I stared at my rope-free arms and legs. Instinctively, I hugged my knees, wincing when my wrists bumped into each other. The ropes had left raw sores behind. 
Got to move. I shoved my legs over the side of the bed, but discovered even touching my feet against the ground sent waves of nausea through me. Teeth gritted, I forced myself to stand. I need to get out of here. I staggered across the floor, terrified by how weak I was. Was it just not eating or all the drugs? Thinking of those needles, I grabbed the door handle, praying the masked man wasn’t on the other side waiting. I exhaled in relief, seeing only trees and long grass. 
So, it was a cabin. Once early fall set in, many summer cabins in Durango remained empty all winter. I set out as fast as my legs would allow—a wobbly gait at best. Which way? I felt disoriented and lost. Recognizing some of the mountains, I tried to gauge where I was in relation to the highway. Saying a quick prayer, I made up my mind and headed to what I hoped was north. The longer I walked, the stronger my legs became, but the more painfully my head throbbed. After what felt like an hour, I sat down on the ground, smashing my head between my hands. The pain was excruciating; I was afraid my skull might actually split open.
Have to keep moving. I pressed on. Five minutes later, I saw another cabin. I pounded on the door, but it too was vacant. So were the next four I found. Still, it comforted me cabins were appearing more frequently now. I must be getting close to the main highway. Wanting to find help, I began running but, within seconds, my body protested, lungs on fire. Gulping in deep breaths, I continued walking briskly.
Wishing I were better at interpreting the sun’s position in the sky for time, I decided if it moved a few inches, it surely meant I’d been walking for hours. Exhausted and thirsty, I collapsed to the ground. I need just a few minutes. I curled into a ball, draping my arms across my eyes, trying to shield out the light and get some relief from the migraine. It felt like seconds later that I was back in those woods again—sprinting for my life. 
I heard Jeremy yelling, “We found her! We found Samantha!”
Why’s he saying that? There was a chorus of voices shouting now. My head panged in response. Why are they so loud? Dogs were barking. Someone touched my shoulder. I jerked away, trying to sit up. My body felt glued to the ground though. I glanced up to see brown eyes gazing down at me. 
Where’s the mask? And then my mind caught up to all the details. I’m lying on the ground. He’s wearing an EMT jacket. I peered around at the people gathering closer. One of the dogs was trying to reach me, its tongue hanging out, as its owner pulled back on the leash.
“The tip was good; we found her! Call her parents,” a voice yelled out from somewhere in the group. The man with brown eyes was leaning in. “Samantha, we’re here to help you. Are you all right? Are you hurt anywhere? Can you understand me?” 
Too many questions. I tried to slur out words. Oh my gosh, I can’t talk! What was in those stupid shots? Am I permanently brain damaged? I shook my head and then nodded, hoping he understood. 
“We’re contacting your parents; they’ll be here soon. Can I put this blanket around you?”
I realized then that I was shaking uncontrollably and nodded back at him. The man helped me sit up and cloaked me in a thick blanket. I reveled in its warmth. 
He held up a water bottle. “Do you think you can drink?”
I nodded, and he gently lifted the bottle to my lips. I drank fast, too fast, and after a moment, I stopped. Turning to the side, I threw it all up. I tried to apologize, but the world was spinning. The man’s face kept going in circles before me; I closed my eyes. 
 “We need to get you into the ambulance.” I forced my lids open to see the man with brown eyes had said it. “Can I help you stand up?”
I nodded, and he pulled me up. It seemed effortless.
He pointed toward the gurney approaching. “We need to get you up on that. Do you think you can stand?” 
I nodded, though I wasn’t sure my legs would hold. Every part of me was shaking. The two EMTs helped me up; the narrow bed felt stiff and cold to my bare legs. Hands were pushing me back. Dizzy, I didn’t resist. Then straps made their way across my stomach and sternum.
“No!” I croaked as my hands shot out, ripping the binding out of the EMT’s hand. 
The man with brown eyes said, “It’s okay, just relax.”
I struggled to sit up, but I ended up rolling off the side instead. Hands grabbed after me. Not another bed, no more ropes! There was a high-pitched screech, as the ground seemed to jump up at me. When my body smacked down, I registered it was my own manic screams I heard. The man with brown eyes was helping me up again. 
“It’s ok,” he soothed. “You’re going to be all right. No one’s going to hurt you now.” I wanted to believe him. “We won’t tie you down, okay?”
I nodded and let the two EMTs help me up on to the gurney again.
 “We need to start an IV,” the brown-eyed man said, “You’re pretty dehydrated. Can you hold still?” The other EMT touched my arm as the brown-eyed man said, “Just a little prick—”
Prick? I lost it, clawing the other EMT away. The brown-eyed man tried to calm me, but I panicked at the strong hands pulling me down on to the gurney. Both of my arms were pinned now. I felt the pinch in my arm and sobbed. He’s got me again! 
Brown eyes swam above me. “It’s ok, Samantha. You’re safe now.” 


Click here to learn more about Hidden Monster!




The Eye of Tanub 

by M.E. Cunningham





It happened a year ago. It was real, and no one can tell me it wasn’t. Yeah, it sounds crazy, and if I hadn’t experienced it myself, I’d be the first in line to deliver me to the funny farm, which—funny you should ask—happened. But that’s a whole other story.
I’ve learned not to talk about it. Not with my parents, not with my friends, and especially not my therapist, who suggested I write it all down in a book, so that’s what I’m doing. Like a journal, but not. It’s a story. A true story.
The only person I can talk about it with is my younger brother, Zach, which is crazy, because if you’d known us before, you’d think we were mortal enemies. We couldn’t stand each other. Before.
We are only a year apart in age, so you’d think we’d be close. But no way. We are polar opposites, and still are, but we learned things in Terratir… things that changed us forever. 
Zach. How do I describe him and not sound like a total snob? Okay. So maybe I am a snob. Was a snob. He thinks so, but… well… honestly… he was an idiot. A slob. A fat, insecure kid with a savior complex. He would come home from school on a daily basis with a black eye or a bruised-up body because he’d get into a fight that wasn’t his, and would duke it out with the school bully. A kid named Devon Taylor who just happened to worship me. But that’s a different story.
Zach couldn’t stand to watch little kids get caught in Devon’s sights. He’d step in, take their beating, and become the hero. I watched a few of those fights, but I never stopped them. I never stopped Devon. When I look back, I don’t know why. 
At the time, I had other goals. I was going to be a model. I’d worked hard for it, counted every calorie, worked out every day. I had even put together a portfolio, which I’d been ready to submit, because I was almost sixteen, and we all know that’s the magic age for modeling.
Anyway, it happened on a Saturday morning. Zach had just polished off at least six gargantuan pancakes, which my mother had said nothing about—as though she wanted to fatten him up—and Zach had gone up to his room. I’d eaten a poached egg and half of a grapefruit, watching my figure and all, and then I’d gone up to my room, opened the door, and found my portfolio… scattered in tiny pieces all over the floor. 
Every page ripped. Shredded. Destroyed. Two years of work flushed down the toilet. There was no way to fix it, and no way to describe the pain in my heart when I saw it. Most of the pictures had been stored on my old laptop that had died six months before, so I no longer had them, and in that one moment I’d lost everything.
I fell, shrieking, to my knees, tears of horrified surprise bursting in a torrent from my eyes. I scraped together the pictures, pulling them to me, none of them salvageable. Not one. Who could have done it? Who? There was only one person who hated me enough to destroy my dreams. 
Zachary. His name tasted like bile in my mouth. 
Racing to his room, I threw open his door, shocked at the force with which it hit the wall. Zach must have been stunned too, because he jerked around in surprise. He’d been sitting at his desk, the guts of his computer exposed, as though he’d been working on it.
“You’re dead!” I sobbed, but it came out more like a croak. Humiliating. Especially in front of him. He sat there, staring, his eyes bulging; his jaw working like there wasn’t anything intelligent going to come out of that mouth.
And then I lost it. Like a tiger pouncing, I launched myself at him, my claws extended. I was going to rip his throat out. He backpedaled in that stupid chair of his, but he wasn’t fast enough. I got to him before he could lumber out of the way. He did manage to shove me back though, and like a rag doll, I fell to the floor, snot running all over my face, mascara-smeared tears streaking my cheeks. “I can’t believe you’d do this to me!”
He hopped up, quicker than you’d imagine possible for someone his size, and stood over me. “Lauren, I don’t even know what you’re talking about.”
“My portfolio. It’s ruined. All over my floor!” The heartbreak I felt couldn’t even be described, and I didn’t even care that Zach saw me crying. There was nothing more anyone could do to hurt me at that point. 
Zach stood before me, frozen, in what I can only assume was shock. “First of all, I didn’t touch your portfolio. It was probably Dingo. He ruined my science project just last week. And second, you hurt everyone around you, Lauren, and what goes around, comes around.” His eyes were hard, glinting with anger and something else… something I didn’t care to figure out back then.
How could he even think that? I didn’t hurt anyone. I was nice to everyone and believe me, it was super hard to hold my tongue at times. I knew as well as he did that Dingo was locked up in the back yard, and hadn’t done a dang thing to my portfolio. And that was when I noticed it. Tiny red lights dancing on the walls of his room, refracted from… from what? I searched the room and saw it lying on his nightstand by the bed. 
A medallion. Gilded, with a giant ruby—like a monster pupil—in the center, staring straight up at the ceiling. And then I knew what I could do to get even for all the pain and heartache my stupid brother had caused. I could snatch that hulking gold necklace and keep it for myself as a consolation prize.
We leaped at the same time, reaching simultaneously, but Zach was a hair closer. Just a hair, and the chain of the medallion rolled, like magic, over his finger. My nails dug into his T-shirt, because I hadn’t lost yet, and I tried to pull him back.
And that was when it happened. That was when this story really began, and our lives changed.
Forever.



In the split second between me grabbing Zach’s shirt and his clenching the medallion in his fist, a light flashed. And I mean blindingly bright. Like lightning. And it filled the room, filled us. I felt the charge, as though I’d stuck my finger into a socket and defibrillated myself. The pain—unbearable for at least five seconds—coursed through me. Then tornado-like winds whipped past my face, blowing my waist-long, gorgeous blonde hair all around us.
And then we were falling.
Fast.
I could barely open my eyes, and Zach’s cheeks were billowing out like a blowfish’s. I would have laughed if I could have. And then the ground appeared. And I mean… it just appeared. Out of nowhere. I kid you not.
It rushed up toward us, my screams following us through the air. And just when I knew it was all over, I threw my arms in front of my face, hoping to protect one part of my body, so I’d at least be identifiable, and hopefully have an open-casket funeral.
But I did not slam into the ground and break into a million pieces. Don’t get me wrong. I hit the ground all right, but I bounced. Like on a trampoline. Trampoline grass. Yeah, you heard me right. I bounced, flying back into the air, my arms flailing wildly as I tried to regain my balance. 
Zach, on the other hand, immediately figured it out and actually started jumping, propelling himself into the air on purpose. With each jump he made, it was harder for me to gain my footing.
I managed to crawl to a firmer spot where I sat, stunned, trying to catch my breath. Once Zach stopped bouncing, he opened his hand and, sure enough, that stupid pendant was still there, smoking in his palm. He glanced up at me, his eyes wide and staring. There wasn’t even a burn mark on his skin. As though it were a sacred artifact, requiring reverence, he placed the pendant around his neck and tucked it inside his shirt.
I shook my head. Who cared? Not me. I didn’t want that dumb necklace anymore anyway. I had a feeling it might be responsible for the electric shock I’d experienced. I didn’t want to touch it with a ten-foot pole.
I stood up and brushed myself off, looking around. I had no idea where we were. We certainly weren’t in Kansas anymore. We were in a jungle. Or the woods. Or a combination of the two. Thick-trunked trees were scattered everywhere, moss hanging from their outstretched branches like tired, old women carrying their veils in the still, hot air. Humidity coated my arms and curled my hair around my cheeks. I brushed it back, tucking the sticky strands behind my ears.
“Holy cow!” Zach said, mesmerized at the scene. He turned in a circle, his T-shirt soon soaked with sweat.
“What happened?” I asked. “Where are we?”
“I don’t know.”
“Of course you don’t. Well, I’m not sticking around. I’m getting out of here.” 
Zach turned around in surprise, his arms stretched out, with a frown creasing his brow. “But why? This place is awesome!”
Now, remember, Zach was only fourteen. Anything crazy or otherworldly was fascinating to him, and if he got run over by a Mack truck, he’d think he was on an adventure when he woke up in the hospital.
“Don’t you want to explore first?” he asked, not in any sort of hurry. “These woods are so beautiful, mysterious, and… and magical.”
That was enough for me. I turned and started trudging up the hill. I could tell there was a path of some sort just ahead, and in about five seconds, I would be on it, going home. I had plans for today, and they didn’t include hiking in the woods. I was going to the mall with my friends. And maybe to the movies, too. 
The thought had crossed my mind that when I got that terrible electric shock it had knocked me out and, right at this moment, I was really lying unconscious, on Zach’s filthy bedroom floor. Hopefully, our mother would soon find us and call an ambulance. 
Until that time though, I had to assume this experience was real, because it sure felt real. It did not feel like I was dreaming. And I should know. I always remembered my dreams. And never once had they been like this. With real sweat or bouncy grass.
I made it to the path, and Zach followed not far behind, mumbling about how awesome this place was, how familiar it felt, how it was a new and exciting adventure, and why the crap had his stupid older sister come along to ruin it?
At this point, I stopped and turned around, looking at him hard in the eyes, so he’d know I was serious. “I’ve just about had it, Zach. Shut the crap up.”
He didn’t even look at me. His eyes were trained down into a verdant valley to my right, where green grass sprawled, surrounded by a thick veil of trees. At the far end was a cave opening. Huge, gorilla-like beasts foraged through the thick brush, looking for food. They were giant Chewbaccas, milling around in assorted colors. Some with thick, reddish-brown fur, some with black, and a couple were snowy-white. The one thing they did have in common was that they were huge.
“What are those?” I asked in disgust. “They don’t look… normal.” And I could smell them from where we stood. Also not normal.
Zach watched them for a moment in openmouthed surprise. “You know, there’s a place I know of… with creatures like that.” 
“Oh, really? And where would that be, Einstein?” I couldn’t help it. He was acting so stupid, and it was irritating. I vowed not to say another mean thing, because I didn’t like being rude… okay, so maybe Zach was right. Maybe I was a snob, but everyone knows how stupid little brothers can be…
“There’s this game I play,” he said finally. “And I wouldn’t believe it if I weren’t looking right at them, but… but those things look like… like… hilda beasts… from my game.” He turned to look at me, hesitant, like he knew I’d say something horrid or cruel.
I regarded him, my arms crossed over my chest, doing everything in my power to not say what was on the tip of my tongue. “That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard. There’s no such thing as hilda beasts, and I’d know. I actually study. Unlike some people I know.”
Okay, so it was rude, but I could have said something worse, and like I said earlier, I used to be a snob. I’m not anymore. Just let me finish the dang story.
“Well, I have seen them before while playing my game,” he mumbled, walking away.
I shook my head and stared off into the distance, momentarily hypnotized. “This isn’t your game. This place is real… I think.” And somehow, I knew it was. I wasn’t dreaming. I wasn’t unconscious. No matter how much I would have rather been. Somehow, something was happening to us, and we really were on a new and exciting adventure, but I wasn’t about to admit it at that point. To anyone. Especially Zach.
We resumed our march along the path, and I’m sure Zach wished he could have left me behind with the hilda beasts, because he walked ahead of me, ignoring me. But I watched him as he examined the landscape and the huge flowers that lined the trail. Their seeded faces followed him as he walked, and I kept my eyes on their wide, yellow petals, unable to resist the temptation to reach out and touch one. Slowly, mesmerized, I wanted to feel their velvety softness. Just before I brushed the edge, Zach yelled.
“Stop! Don’t touch anything!” he hissed, running back to grab my hand. “These plants are poisonous. If you get too close, they’ll spit at you, making your skin boil and peel.” 
I glanced around apprehensively. “Seriously, Zach? And you know this, how?” He could be right, after all. How would I know? As crazy as this whole situation was, who was to say what was real or not?
“Uh, well, I told you. There’s this game I play online…”
And then it registered. “Online? You mean on the computer? Oh man, you’re in big trouble,” I said with a slow smile. 
“Can you stop being a freak for one second?” Zach scowled, turning away. He never could win an argument with me. But I motioned for him to continue with a flip of my hand, and since he couldn’t hold it in, he said in a rush, “Okay, I play this game, online, and in it you have characters, and quests, and stuff like that. This place looks just like it. And those beasts will tear you to pieces if they catch you,” he said, pointing back down the hill to the Chewbacca’s. “Got that?” 
“You know, online games are super addictive and will ruin your life.” I knew that firsthand. I had a friend, who just two months ago was admitted to computer game rehab. Yeah. It really exists. Game rehab. Who knew?
“You mean, kinda like modeling, Lauren? Thrown up lately?” He turned to walk away, not seeming to care if I followed. 
And that was it. I lost it. I had never thrown up in my life, but his bringing it up, brought back the memory of my ruined portfolio, which in light of what we were going through, I’d forgotten about.
With a howl of rage, I screeched, “You’re the rudest person I know! Do you know that? The rudest! I’ve never thrown up!” 
He turned, and I stared him down, my eyes burning into his like hot coals, my hands fisted at my side. I was definitely ready to punch something. Maybe him. He ran to cover my mouth, and I struggled in his grasp, which still tasted like pancake syrup.
“Be quiet!” he growled while glancing over his shoulder. One of the hilda beasts stared up at us with black, slitted eyes, and an icy chill crept up my spine. Both Zach and I froze. The animal lifted its nostrils, sniffing, and took a step forward, grunting and attracting the attention of the herd. 
“Oh no,” Zach moaned. “Run!” He grabbed my hand, and we took off down the path, running harder than I ever had before. Zach’s chest heaved, and I could tell he could barely catch his breath, but that was mainly because he was so chubby and out of shape. I, on the other hand, ran beside him without a word of complaint. 
I chanced a glance over my shoulder to see half a dozen hilda beasts giving chase, the biggest in the lead with amber fangs dripping saliva. My thighs started to burn like fire, and a cramp stabbed through my side. I wasn’t used to this. I was slender, but I wasn’t on the track team, and I couldn’t leap tall buildings in a single bound. I was going to be a model. I didn’t need muscles. In fact, I wasn’t supposed to have any for that job.
Beside me, Zach doubled over, moaning and stumbling along, and the beasts gained ground. 
“Come on, Zach!” My voice sounded shrill.
“I… can’t,” he rasped, slowing again. 
And then I stopped, too. Abruptly. Zach crashed into me, pushing me forward a few steps. Not five feet in front of us stood a hilda beast of massive proportions, its beady eyes boring into ours. Spittle flew from its canines as it threw back its head and roared. 
We stood frozen until I grabbed Zach’s arm, dragging him off the path and down the other side of the hill, where it looked much safer. At least for now. There weren’t any beasts down there that I could see. 
Zach protested, yanking on his arm. “We should… probably… stay on the path.” His breath puffed out in short and obviously painful bursts. “It’s not safe… to get off!” 
“I don’t think it’s safe on the path!” I hollered over my shoulder. He was at least three steps behind me when we crashed through the thick foliage, our feet sinking into the spongy soil, and one of my shoes almost ripped off. I managed to pull free at the last second. 
Just as we were about to vault over a log, Zach was jerked back into the air, the powerful claws of a snowy-white hilda beast holding him aloft. Zach hung helplessly, choking and clutching his throat. The beast’s jaws stretched wide. Putrid air erupted from its open maw—and yeah, I was close enough to smell it—its jagged teeth gnashed as it pulled my brother in for the kill. 
I stood there, frozen, my heart racing a million miles an hour. Zach was my only sibling. In that moment, something shifted inside me. He wasn’t just my annoying little brother who bothered me all the time; he was… my brother, gasping for breath, about to leave this world forever in an extremely violent way. 
And I could do nothing but watch.
I had no ability to fight this monster. No strength, no weapon. An ache grew in my chest, and I found myself sobbing once again, only this time there was no hate in my heart for this crazy kid I’d grown up with. Only something foreign. Something so alien I almost didn’t recognize it. Affection? Love?
I didn’t have time to even contemplate, because just when I was about to throw my life away for my brother—and you have to realize, all of this happened in a split second—Zach struck out with his hand and rammed his fingers into the animal’s left eye. A warm gel, along with a staring, black eyeball, suctioned to his skin as he pulled away, and goo dripped from his fingers in long tendrils. 
I stared at the mess, feeling my gorge rise. One second later, I felt the hot, acidic contents of my stomach rise up and out of my mouth. I think the same thing happened with Zach, but I tried not to focus on anyone’s puke but my own.
The maimed, screaming creature dropped Zach and bounded into the trees. Zach fell to the ground with a grunt, but quickly jumped to his feet. He grabbed my hand, and we darted forward, hiding between logs and bushes, behind trees and branches, but wherever we turned, another hilda beast waited. The animals formed a tight circle, strategically closing us in.
“What do we do?” I asked while hiding behind Zach and holding onto his torn and bloodied shirt.
He didn’t sugarcoat it at all, which I wish he would have. “We die. ‘Cuz this isn’t like my game at all. I have no armor, no sword and… and…”
Fear gripped my heart in its icy fist, and I said the first thing that came to my mind. “No courage.” I said it mostly to myself, but he echoed the thought.
“Yeah.”



The hilda beasts moved in synchronized precision, working together to trap us. We were easy prey as we turned, trying to keep the beasts at our back. But there were just too many of them, and then something happened that surprised me yet again.
Zach shrugged me off and held up his fists. “If I’m gonna die, then I’ll do it like a hero in my game!” 
A hilda beast with large, rounded horns lunged at us. Time seemed to slow as its claws reached out, sharp and stained. I stood there quaking, holding my fists up too, but not really intending to use them. I didn’t know how. The most I’d ever done was pinch or pull hair. True girl fighting.
But Zach. He leaped into the air, swiveled his hips—which by no means is a small feat, because like I said before, he was pretty chunky—and kicked the beast in the face. He’d never done anything like that before—at least that I’d seen. He could hardly run without getting out of breath. And doing what looked like a black-belt karate kick? No way. 
His feet extended in a double roundhouse kick, snapping the hilda beast’s head back. It lost its balance, tripped over an exposed root, and toppled down a shallow incline. A roar of outrage bellowed from its mouth. 
“Where did you learn that?” I shrieked as he grabbed my hand and took off down the path.
“I don’t know! I’ve never done it before!” But he was flying high as a kite, and he wouldn’t quit talking about it. It blew my mind too. We’d never really been into sports. I’d taken dance for a while, but quit when I was twelve. I should have stayed with it. I think I would have been a great dancer.
We raced on, ignoring our exhaustion until the hilda beasts fell behind. Their huge, lumbering bodies held no stamina, and they weren’t fast runners. Thank heavens. Because we weren’t either.
Coming around a bend, we found ourselves on the outskirts of a quaint, little village. And I mean totally cute, with white picket fences, houses with rounded roofs, and people in pioneer clothes. If I didn’t know better, I’d say we’d traveled back in time. That seemed much more likely than being in a computer game.
We hurried forward and came to a large building with white siding and dark shutters. A sign hung on the front that read, Morgantown Inn. 
“Terratir,” Zach whispered, half in dread, half in amazement. “We’re in the land of Terratir.”
“What?”
“I can’t believe it!” Zach exclaimed. “This is my game! Come on.” He hurried past a large mailbox and ran inside the inn. I followed, warier. I wasn’t about to barrel into a strange inn like I lived there. 
The aroma of hot, home-baked bread engulfed me as I entered a wide-open dining room, which had a fire crackling in a huge fireplace. A long counter ran the length of the wall, and a bald-headed man stood behind it, wiping tall glasses. Just like in the movies. I almost expected to see a bunch of cowboys lined up drinking beers and wiping three-inch-long mustaches.
Zach rushed to the counter, panting and out of breath. “Let’s get something to eat. I’m starving.” He stopped in front of the bartender and ordered bread, cheese, and a quart of milk. Not food I would have ordered in a restaurant. 
“Anything else?” the proprietor asked. 
“No thanks.”  
“You gonna pay for that?” I asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Oh.” Zach didn’t have any money. He never had money, but he shoved his fists into his pockets anyway, and brought out a huge handful of gold, silver, and copper coins. He ogled the treasure, and so did I, counting the small fortune. 
“Wow!” he whispered, paying the man. He took his food and sat down at a table by the fire. I sat across from him, staring hard into his eyes, my accusation clear. 
“Where did you get that money?” 
“Who cares?” He took a bite of warm, homemade bread, moaning in delight, completely ignoring me.
Too hungry to care about his integrity, I asked, “Is that all for you, or are you gonna share?” Granted, I was watching my figure, which meant carbs were definitely out, but the smell of that bread, and the way the butter melted on top… plus I hadn’t eaten hardly anything for breakfast, and honestly, I was starving! I snatched a piece, which melted on my tongue like chocolate. Never had I tasted anything so sweet, so wonderful. I closed my eyes in ecstasy.
We didn’t sit there long before a hulking giant of a man limped in, his armor dented, his sword dragging by his side. He fell into a chair at a nearby table. A long, fresh gash stretched across his massive chest, bleeding. He grimaced in pain as he glared at… you guessed it: me.
Never had I seen eyes so penetrating. Never mind they were the deepest, darkest blue, or ringed with thick, dark lashes that any girl would beg for, or the fact that he was drop-dead gorgeous with all those bulging muscles, but he was looking at me with raw hatred. Like he wanted to kill me. Seriously.
“Uh… Zach, that man is staring at me,” I whispered, leaning in close, as though he could protect me from this Conan the Barbarian. “Let’s get out of here.”
“Huh? Guys always stare at you, Lauren. Ignore him. I want to finish eating. Besides, everyone here is a good guy.” He continued shoving the warm bread into his mouth, as though savoring every buttery bite. There’s something you should know about Zach. He cannot be parted from his food. And if his bread tasted anything like mine had, he’d soon be a rabid dog if I tried to pull him away.
“How do you know who’s good or not?” I asked. “He doesn’t look good to me.” I sank lower as the man stood, his muscles rippling. 
He slowly limped toward me, and my throat closed. I could not breathe. I even said a little prayer, begging for a miracle, but the man’s heavy boots just kept pounding on the wooden floor, getting closer and closer.
The brute eyed me, towering over our table, and placed a heavy hand on my chair. “You should be more careful, girl. You could stir up something dangerous out there.” His eyes closed to slits as his lips pulled back into a snarl. I have to say, I was surprised that his teeth were so white and straight, but it was the long dark hair, wet with sweat at the moment—that I found myself staring at. Never had I met a guy who so totally terrified me, yet made my mouth water so profusely. Never. 
Zach scooted back in his chair, staring up at the muscular stranger. “Dardanos?” 
The man straightened, his jaw muscles flexing as he clenched his teeth. His thick, heavy armor glimmered in the dim firelight.
“Oh my gosh! I can’t believe it!” Zach turned to me, grabbing my sleeve. “This is my toon! Unbelievable!” Suddenly, Zach was yanked from his chair, the front of his shirt knotted in the man’s meaty fist.
My heart leaped out of my chest, and I found myself jumping up and yanking on the man’s rock-hard arms, coming to my brother’s rescue. I would not freeze up another time. Not if there was anything I could do, and Zach seemed to attract the wrong kind of attention everywhere we went.
My little hands didn’t seem to faze him at all. He just kept staring down into Zach’s eyes. “Who are you?” he growled.
“He is my coolest, and highest, character!” Zach yelled down to me, ignoring the man’s question. “He’s a human warrior and super powerful!”
“I see that,” I said, wanting to shrink back down into my chair. Everyone was watching, including the bald guy at the counter. Never had I felt so small or helpless, or like no one was on my side. I didn’t think anyone would come to our rescue if it came to that. But then the warrior shoved Zach down against the table and turned away in a huff of exasperation.
Zach pointed excitedly at the swords that hung from the guy’s hips. “See those?” he asked too loudly. “That one is called a stinging needle. It has extra nimbleness and tons of vitality added to it, and the other one there,” he pointed to the other sword, “is a death blade and has added stealth and attack power. I bought them for a thousand gold pieces! It cost me a fortune!” Zach laughed, hysterically, jumping up and down. “This is my game! I knew it!”
The man turned back around, catching Zach in his beady glare. And just when I’d started to feel a bit of relief that he was going to leave us alone…“I asked you a question, boy. Who. Are. You?” he said again, this time demanding an answer.
And true to Zach’s nature, he didn’t shrink away in terror, or try to hide, but stuck out his hand and introduced himself. “Hi! I’m Zach Marriott, and this is my bratty sister, Lauren. It’s so great to meet you!” 
The man ignored his hand. “How do you know me?” His voice rumbled with the deep threat of thunder.
“So you are Dardanos?” Zach’s eyes were wide and innocent.
The warrior didn’t answer. Instead, he scowled at Zach, turned on his heel, and stomped toward the door. Of course, Zach followed, close on his heels. I rolled my eyes, and knew another experience was coming where I’d need to save him. But against this Dardanos guy, we were sure to lose. He looked a lot faster than the hilda beasts.
Dardanos turned around to face Zach, gritting his teeth. “Go away!” He promptly slammed the inn’s door in his face. 
Zach ran back over to me. “This is the best day of my life!” Then he was back at the door, yanking it open and following Dardanos out into the bright sunlight, peppering him with questions. “What are you doing here in Morgantown? Have you done any raids lately? Do you like the armor you have? What quests are you working on?”
I was so embarrassed I could have slithered beneath the table, never to come out again, but what could I do but go looking for them?


Click here to learn more about Eye of the Tanub!






Amanda Strong


Clean Teen Publishing


For my husband, Josh,
You caught the vision of this book 
And helped me run with it!





For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at www.cleanteenpublishing.com.



A locker clanged behind Eden just as someone shoved her elbow, knocking the folder from the crook of her arm. Papers flew from the pockets, fluttering to the ground, and then kicked along by the sea of teenagers. 
“Oh geez, sorry,” a boy said over his shoulder. He was gone before she could even tell what color his hair was. She stooped, retrieving her class schedule, school map, emergency contact sheet, and other forms from the office for her parents to sign and return. Straightening up, she glanced one last time at her schedule before tucking it in her jeans pocket. First trig- and then Biology. On second thought, she pushed the map into her pocket too. Just in case. Bon Air High’s a lot bigger than Portsmouth.
“Hey, watch it, man,” a boy crowed. Two boys began scuffling and, anxious to avoid having her belongings knocked to the floor again, she quickened her pace. As much as she wanted to blend in, standing inches above those around her made it difficult. Avoiding eye contact, she maneuvered through the crowd, determined to reach her destination. She couldn’t help but notice how plain her white Keds were compared to the fuzzy, knee-length boots on the two girls in front of her. The giggling girls reached their lockers, and the view in front of Eden temporarily cleared. 
She bit the inside of her cheek, the instinct to duck behind the two girls intense. Spine tingling with adrenaline, she pushed her glasses up. Down the corridor, sandwiched between two girls and a guy, was her childhood best friend, Micah. Though no longer a lanky boy, she still recognized his light blue eyes. The mop of black hair he had as a kid was now short, a little longer than a buzz. Eden was drawn to his smile, even if it was meant for the blonde girl at his side. A good foot shorter than him, the girl craned her neck up as she wrapped an arm around his waist. Has to be his girlfriend. A stocky, jock-type boy with chestnut-brown hair and a tan girl with jet-black hair stood next to them. The jock slugged Micah’s shoulder as his bellowing laugh made its way down the hall to Eden.
Then the scene was gone as jeans and a myriad of different colored t-shirts blocked her view. She sucked in a deep breath, her lungs burning from holding it too long. Sweat was beading at the top of her forehead as she prayed she could pass Micah’s entourage unnoticed. If I can’t see him, he can’t see me either, right? She hoped.
The staircase loomed nearer. I’m going to make it, she thought, wishing the kids in front of her would move faster. 
“No way, dude. Coach always gives you the ball, Micah,” a male voice boomed. 
Eden glanced over. Micah’s group was directly left of her now. 
He hasn’t noticed me, just keep moving, she told herself. 
Face ducked down, she lifted her leg up, only to have her foot land sideways and to the left. Her weight uneven, she feared toppling over, but a pressure on her left side held her up. Confused, she again attempted to move away, only this time, her body made a ninety-degree turn, bringing her a foot away from the blonde girl. 
Horrified, Eden’s legs stepped one in front of the other, heading straight towards Micah. Within seconds, she stood dead center, stopping his small group of friends short. Sky-blue eyes swam in front of her vision before she was lunging forward, throwing her arms around his neck, hugging him. 
Funny the things you notice in a moment of sheer humiliation, she thought, as time dropped into neutral, prolonging her torture. 
There was a hiss-like sound from the short blonde. Yep, definitely his girlfriend. 
A male was chuckling. Not Micah. Must be the jock. 
Arms wrapped around her, hugging her back. Oh my gosh! 
She shifted her weight back, trying to detangle herself from Micah’s arms. Pulling her face away from his neck, the memory of his scent automatically tucked away in her mind, she met Micah’s raised brow line, wide eyes, and even wider grin.
“Eden? Is that you?” he asked, as they separated further.
Aware his hands still held her forearms, she was forced to remain and maintain eye contact. She nodded, terrified to speak.
“Wow! How the heck are you? It’s been forever!” Though his face appeared delighted, she couldn’t help but notice how un-delighted his girlfriend was, as her amber eyes glared up at her.
Unfazed, Micah continued, “My dad told me your dad got hired on at his firm. That’s awesome! So, did you guys move back then?”
Again she nodded, hoping Micah would realize he was still holding onto her. What’s wrong with me? Running up and hugging him!
“What’s it been four, five years?” he asked.
Deciding his friends might think her a mute, she answered, “Five.” Her mouth was so dry her upper lip got caught on one of her braces as she spoke. She licked her lips, pulling her mouth shut.
Micah didn’t seem to notice but the tan girl did and smirked. 
“Yo, Micah, are you going to introduce us or what?” the big guy asked.
“Oh, yeah, sorry guys. This is Eden. We grew up next door to each other, best friends our whole lives.” Micah’s eyes danced with pleasure. He gestured to the jock. “This here’s Chase, his girl Willow, and Megan,” there was the slightest hesitation, “my girlfriend.”
At the word girlfriend, Micah’s blue eyes registered something and he released Eden’s arms. 
She gratefully let them drop to her sides. “Nice to meet you.”
Willow cocked an eyebrow at her, her icy-blue eyes sweeping up and down Eden’s frame as she twirled a lock of her black hair between two fingers. “Where’d you move from?” she asked.
Eden tried to answer under Willow’s icy stare, but her voice cracked. 
Micah jumped in. “Portsmouth, wasn’t it? That’s where your dad got work after—” he stopped, searched her face, and then glanced at his friends. 
Oh gosh, he’s embarrassed by me!
“I, I have to go, get to class,” she said, sidestepping, tugging at her backpack.
Micah frowned. “Do you need any help? Know where you’re going?”
Her eyes were stinging. Not now, please not now. She hated her overactive water works. She waved, saying, “Yeah, I’m good, thanks,” and shuffled away.
“It’s sweet you’re back,” Micah called out. 
She peeked back. Megan was scowling at her from behind Micah. 
“Yeah, see ya.” She slipped into the throng of almost-tardy kids. She had barely ascended the steps and darted into the classroom when the bell shrilled.
Spying the only free seat on the opposite side of the room, she hurried across, aware of gawking eyes. In the second to last row, three seats back, she sank down into the chair, sliding her backpack to the floor.
“Mr. Giles’s not going to like you, you know,” a boy to her left leaned over and whispered.
She wanted to ignore him, but his emerald-green eyes were startling bright and so close. 
“Whatever, Andrew,” the redheaded girl to her right whispered.
“Ah-hum,” the teacher coughed.
Eden snapped to attention.
“Are you a transfer student?” Mr. Giles asked, holding the roll in hand, his bald head reflecting the overhead lights.
“Yeah, from Portsmouth High.”
“I need your name,” Mr. Giles said, apparently not caring where she’d come from.
“Oh, sorry, Eden McCarthy.”
“Ok, I assume you were given the right textbooks at the office. We’re now halfway into the school year. You missed the final before Christmas break.” There were a few grunts of ‘so not fair’ and ‘lucky you’. Mr. Giles’s stare silenced them. “I’ll get you a syllabus at the end of class to get you up to speed.”
She nodded, anxious for everyone’s eyes to be elsewhere. Mr. Giles walked away, methodically taking roll.
“He’s the worst teacher ever,” the redheaded girl muttered. 
Eden’s face flushed, afraid the teacher might overhear.
“I’m Jessie, by the way,” the girl said, offering a hand. “So, from Portsmouth, huh? Navy brat or something?”
“No, my dad switched jobs.” She shook the proffered hand as inconspicuously as she could.
“So, where’s your family’s mansion?” Jessie asked.
“I, we don’t live in one. I live in Sturbridge.”
“A townhome baby like me.” Jessie smiled. “We’re neighbors.”
She smiled back. “Really? Cool.”
“I can tell I’m going to like you,” Jessie announced, receiving a stern shh from Mr. Giles and snickers from other students.
Eden sunk deep into her seat, ready to be buried in her comfort zone of solving math equations.

“So, what was up with you and that girl today?” Megan asked, hands on hips.
By the way she stood in front of the couch glaring down at him, Micah had one guess why he’d gotten the silent treatment the entire drive to his house after school. She’s upset about Eden still. He sighed. “I already told you—she’s my best friend. Or was,” he added, seeing his girlfriend flinch. “Why are you being like this anyway? What’s the big deal?”
Megan let out a short blast of air from her mouth, making a face at him. He hated when she did that; it really wasn’t attractive.
“What’s the big deal? Micah, you’re leaving me in like two weeks!” Her voice hitched up in a hysterical sob.
Great, now everything’s my fault because she’s crying. He cringed.
“Sorry, Meg. I know you’re upset I’m going,” he soothed. He patted the seat cushion next to him. “Come here.”
Pouting, she sank down beside him. She sniffed and then leaned her head against his chest. “Why do you have to leave? Just stay here with me.” She sniffed again.
Irritated, he rehearsed the same lines over again. “My parents already paid for the semester. My cousin gets here next week. I’m only going to be gone three months.”
“And you’re probably going to flirt with every girl in Rome too, right?”
“Meg, don’t you trust me at all?” Now he didn’t hide his irritation.
“No, not after how you acted today with that Eden girl!” 
Ironically, what was irking her was the same thing bothering him too. He’d been happy to discover the tall blonde bowling him over was Eden. His parents told him the McCarthy’s were moving back to Bon Air and he’d been hoping he’d get to see his old friend again before leaving. What he hadn’t counted on was how rude his friends would act. 
“Yeah, about that. What was up with you guys today?” he asked.
Megan stared at him.
“You all acted like jerks,” he reminded her.
Her eyes bulged. “I can’t believe you’re making this all about her. You’re totally dodging it.”
“Dodging what?”
“You were holding her arms like forever! I saw the way you looked at her. Don’t even try to deny it!”
Micah threw up his hands. “Meg, really? Are you that jealous of Eden?”
“Yes, well, no… I don’t know! So you swear you don’t like her like her?”
“No more than Chase or any other of my friends. She’s just a friend to me, I swear.”
She smiled and then giggled. “Ok.” She laid her cheek against his upper arm, too short to reach his shoulder. “Guess I just want you all to myself until you leave.”
He moved his hand to the top of her head, brushing her hair back. Normally, he’d kiss her forehead or utter some reassuring nonsense, but not today. Since Megan was engrossed in the TV show, he let his eyes wander the living room. Hard to believe I’m actually leaving. With football done for the season, he didn’t mind being gone the last half of his junior year. Megan minded.
Knowing his parents were out to dinner with friends, a movement in the front entry caught his eye. Rotating to get a better look, he disturbed Megan. She peered up at him.
“Sorry, I thought I saw—” He froze, staring. 
Poised in the entryway, a woman appeared out of nowhere. Her pearly white skin contrasted with the form-fitted crimson gown she wore. Her face was beautiful: a straight nose, red full lips, and riveting, onyx eyes. Black hair reached the leather belt at her waist. 
Megan spun around, searching the room. “Micah, saw what?” 
His eyes flickered to Megan and then back to the woman in red. She’s breathtaking. His jaw went slack, his mouth gaping open.
“What is it? Why won’t you answer me?” There was panic in Megan’s voice now, but he felt transfixed. The woman’s lips slowly parted, opening. His breath caught, waiting for her to speak. Instead, her head inclined, her body bowing, and then she was gone. Disappearing into the nothingness she’d come from.
“Sorry,” he said, exhaling, his shoulders slumping forward. 
Megan was either going to cry or scream, he wasn’t quite sure yet. “I thought I saw something,” he explained.
“What? What’d you see?” 
“Uh, nothing, really.” It sounded lame. I’m a terrible liar.
“Nothing? You’re totally freaking me out! That wasn’t nothing.”
“Sorry,” he repeated. He didn’t know what else to say. Man, I feel like I just did football drills. He noted Megan’s scowl. I’m not sure I can handle her hysterics. I just saw a freaking ghost! Somehow, he knew Megan would not be able to handle that truth.
“Sorry? You’re sorry! I swear, Micah—”
“Megan, please. I just can’t do this with you right now.”
Her mouth snapped shut, her eyes narrowing.
When he remained quiet, she stood in a huff. “Fine, be that way. I’m going home.”
He forced himself to his feet, but she was already storming from the room. Do I even want to follow? 
“Meg, wait,” he called, stepping after her.
“First the flirting and now this… I just can’t take anymore.” They were by the front door now. She whirled around, facing him. “Go to Rome and forget all about me.” She jabbed a finger at his chest. “We’re through, Micah!” She threw the door open and slammed it behind her, leaving Micah speechless.
Wow, didn’t see that coming… Chase wasn’t kidding about her being the jealous type. Feeling guilty, yet relieved she was gone, he returned to the couch, sinking down into its cushions. He kneaded his eyes with his knuckles before staring back at the entryway.
Who was that woman? he wondered. Will she come back?


Click here to learn more about The Awakener!






By
Angela Townsend

Clean Teen Publishing
 


For more information about our content disclosure,
please utilize the QR code above with your smart phone or visit us at
www.CleanTeenPublishing.com.

To my family who taught me to go after my dreams
To my sons, Grant and Levi who taught me that love is endless
To Milton Datsopoulos and Diane Larsen who taught me the value of friendship
And to
Dale McGarvey
Who taught me to never give up.
1


New York City, 2013
Gloomy shadows crept across the tired oak floor, stealing what little light peered in through a set of stained glass windows. A dying fire crackled in the corner, its golden embers fading as quickly as the old man who lay near it. 
Angus MacBain stood at the foot of his grandfather’s four-poster bed, his hope slipping away with every rattling exhale from the old man’s lungs. Cocooned in a series of heavy plaid blankets bearing the family tartan, Duncan MacBain struggled to free a withered hand. He motioned for his grandson to come closer. Angus took a few stumbling steps, sank to his knees, and grasped the thin hand in his.
Duncan raised his head from the pillow. His eyes seemed to glow in the dimness of the bedroom. Gnarled fingers pressed something hard and bulky into Angus’ palm, then closed his hand around it and squeezed. The object cut into the boy’s flesh, but he didn’t try to pull away. 
“You’re thirteen now, almost a man. You’ve got to be brave. Remember, you’re a MacBain.” The old man inhaled another ragged breath. “The arrangements have already been made. There will be no funeral. I’m sending you to Scotland—to Iona. You must leave now.” His grandfather’s steely eyes pinned Angus to the floor. “Strange things will happen—things that—just be careful, lad.”
“No, I won’t go. Not without you.” He buried his head in his grandfather’s chest. Angus’ throat constricted like a drawstring jerked tight. Tears sprang to his eyes. 
“Don’t cry for me, laddie. I’ll be in the company of kings.” 
With that, Duncan MacBain heaved his final breath.
Angus squeezed his eyes shut. After a weary moment, he opened them to gaze at his grandfather’s motionless body. With the tension removed from the old Scotsman’s features, he looked relaxed, at peace. Even so, a bitter rush of sadness swept through Angus and the hole in his heart his grandfather had filled when his parents died, now returned. Angus’ chest tightened. Every breath seemed to take more effort than it was worth.
The palm of his hand throbbed. He unclenched his fist and examined an amulet attached to a heavy chain. It looked old, perhaps even ancient, with a silver long-tailed dragon clutching a purple thistle in its talons. Words scribed in a foreign language glistened on its wings.
His father had worn a dragon amulet. Angus frowned trying to remember what it looked like. Did it also have a thistle? Could it be the same one? He’d been so young when his father died, he couldn’t remember. He slipped it around his neck, the amulet warm against his chest.  
“I’ll take care of it,” Angus whispered. “I promise.” 
Angus made his way down the narrow hallway to Grandfather’s study. An antique clock ticked solemnly on the mantel. Without grandfather, the room seemed so different. Barren. Unfriendly. Cold. He fell into a cushy gray recliner that always reminded him of elephant skin and let it swallow him. Maybe if he just closed his eyes for a few moments, he’d wake up and it would have all been some kind of terrible dream. But no matter how he tried he couldn’t keep his eyes shut. 
His gaze traveled over the towering bookcases lining the walls, filled with ancient volumes bound by his grandfather’s hands. Silent rows of books stared back at him, like leather corpses resting in their tombs. On a nearby workbench, marbled scraps of leather, paste, and a rounding hammer gathered around a dusty press. 
Angus’ throat burned. He’d never be his grandfather’s apprentice again, never help him repair old books about castles, dragons, and other tales. 
Now he had no one, except Grandfather’s nurse, Vera. Even though she was very nice, he barely knew her. 
Angus shuffled down the hallway to his lonely room and packed his things. He made sure he had his games and the favorite collection of vampire tales his grandfather had bound for him. He flopped onto his twin bed and glanced at his watch. Angus’ heart twisted. Very soon, Nurse Vera would take him to the airport and he’d fly to a strange place he’d only heard stories about. 
Angus scanned his bedroom for the last time, memorizing every detail so he’d never forget. Bare spots on the wall stared back at him, places where his Dracula posters once hung. In a fit of misery, he’d torn them down and ripped them to shreds. 
There was no such thing as vampires and other magical creatures. Life wasn’t about fairy tales, only heartache, despair, and death. 
Angus narrowed his eyes. If only death were a living thing—he’d destroy it. Make it suffer for ripping away all the people in his life that had loved him. Rage and frustration twisted inside of him. 
Angus grabbed an antique sword hanging on his bedroom wall and stabbed it into the center of his mattress. Sparks flew from the bed. Celtic swirls carved into the handle of the sword started to spin. A banging sound hammered into his head like being trapped in a giant bell. He fell to his knees, covering his ears. The noise died down and a voice broke into his head.
“Are you all right, Dear?” 
Angus uncovered his ears and peered up at Nurse Vera. She never called him by name just, “Dear.” Nurse Vera glanced at her watch. “I’ll help you pack your things, then it’s off to the airport with you.” Nurse Vera placed a hand on Angus’ forehead. “You look so tired and it’s such a long flight. Promise me you’ll try to get some rest on the plane, Dear.”  
Angus nodded. He waited for Nurse Vera to see the sword and scold him for messing with something so dangerous, but she just stood there, her eyes filled with concern. Angus glanced at the bed to look at the sword—but the sword was gone.
****
Angus stood in the cold terminal of the airport, turned and waved goodbye to Nurse Vera who was dabbing the corners of her eyes with a pink hankie. She lifted her chin, forced a smile, and nodded goodbye. 
Angus’ heart sank as he boarded the plane, clutching his ticket stub in one hand and his Game Slayer in the other. Even though his heart felt like a giant sinking stone, he couldn’t stop thinking about the sword. How it had made his hand ache, the strange ringing in his ears, the way it suddenly vanished. Grandfather had told him it was a replica of a real sword used by the MacBain’s in battle. A weapon made of ancient iron, forged by great men and capable of slicing through a human body with a single swipe. 
Angus shuddered and buckled his seatbelt. He pulled it tight and checked it twice. He’d never flown in an airplane before and no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t stop thinking about all the horrible things that could go wrong. 
Minutes later the plane rumbled down the runway. Angus squeezed the arms of his seat and held his breath as they lifted into the air. When the aircraft leveled out, he inhaled several deep breaths and looked around. The plane was half full, a mix of businessmen and old people. Thankfully, the seat next to his remained empty. He didn’t feel like talking, especially to a stranger. 
The plane suddenly dropped, then jerked upright and shook like a car speeding over a bumpy road. Angus clamped his eyes shut and his stomach lurched. 
“Won’t do you much good closing your eyes,” a bossy voice said. “It won’t stop the plane from crashing.” 
Startled, Angus sat upright. A skinny girl with curly blonde hair, stood next to him. Her eyes twinkled behind a pair of pink glasses with silver glitter around the frames. Angus’ cheeks burned with embarrassment. “I’ve never flown before. Guess I’m a little nervous.” 
“Oh, don’t worry. If we crash I’m sure you won’t feel a thing, unless your seat gets ripped out of the plane or something. I’d be sure you have some identification in your pocket so they know who you are…just in case.” She leaned forward and lowered her voice. “They don’t call an airport ‘the terminal’ for no reason.”
Angus gulped. 
The girl giggled. “Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you.” She pushed her glasses higher up onto the bridge of her nose. “I’ve flown loads of times. There’s really nothing to worry about. Where are you going?” 
“Scotland.”
“No kidding,” she teased. “Where in Scotland?”
“Vanora?” In the aisle three rows ahead, a middle-aged man wearing a tweed suit and wire spectacles motioned for the girl to return to her seat.
“Oops. Better go.” She wiggled two fingers in the air, then made her way to her seat.
After settling in next to the man, Vanora glanced over her shoulder and gave Angus a friendly smile. He smiled back, feeling a twinge of loneliness and the urge to see how firmly his seat was bolted to the floor. 
Angus stared out the little window. Anything to distract himself from the fear in the pit of his stomach. 
Fluffy clouds thick as marshmallows surrounded the wing, then dissipated into thin wisps. Off in the distance, a dark fog grew in size and rushed toward the plane. As it got closer, Angus realized it was flying black insects—hundreds of them. They swarmed into the engines. The jet sputtered and shook. One of the bugs smacked his window like a bullet. Angus jerked back. The creature wasn’t swept away on the fierce wind that must be passing the plane; somehow it clung to the glass. Worse still, the thing seemed to be staring at him. Glaring with rectangular- shaped eyes. Angry eyes. Its six-inch body appeared to be made of metal with needle-sharp legs. 
Almost as one the cloud of insects drew away from the engine housing, hovered a second—he could’ve sworn they were staring right at him—then retreated. A great ball of fire flared out of the engine. Thick smoke streamed from the wing. Angus snapped off his seatbelt and leapt to his feet, knocking his Game Slayer to the floor.
“Fire!” he yelled.
An old woman sitting four rows ahead, whirled around and gasped. All heads turned in his direction, staring, mouths open. 
A flight attendant ran to his side. Angus pointed out the window. She crouched over him and peered outside.
“What fire? I don’t see any fire.” She straightened up, smiled sympathetically, and ruffled his hair. “Maybe you just had a bad dream.”
“I wasn’t sleeping. I saw a swarm of insects attack the engine and then fire shot out of it. Didn’t you feel the plane shake?”
She shook her head and patted his arm. “I’m sure you’re just nervous.” She glanced up and down the aisle at the people staring at them. In a low voice she said, “Sit down and relax. You’re scaring the other passengers.”  
Angus sat down, picked up his Game Slayer and stared out the window again. The wing and engine appeared normal. The insects were nowhere in sight. Where could they have gone? 
The lights dimmed inside the cabin and the flight attendant handed him a boxy pillow and a small, cotton blanket. Angus stuffed the pillow behind his head and snuggled under the thin material. It didn’t cover him very well, but most blankets didn’t. He’d always been big for his age, which made things hard at school. Kids could be such jerks. Always poking fun and running away before he could catch them. 
Angus tried to fall asleep, but worries kept rolling over in his mind. Was he seeing things? First the sword and then the insects. His gut knotted. And what about the people at his grandfather’s estate? Would they like him? Grandfather had spoken of a great aunt, whom neither of them had ever met. She had married his grandfather’s brother, who mysteriously died the day after the wedding. Would she want to bother with some kid she didn’t even know? 
Angus closed his tired eyes, shutting it all out and fell into a restless sleep. 
****
“Good morning, friend,” a voice crooned. 
Angus yawned and peered out from under one eyelid. Across the aisle a strange man in a black cloak and purple vest gazed at him. He was tall and thin and, judging by the gray in his woolly beard and short-cropped hair, nearly as old as his grandfather. The man had a square jaw, a long thin nose, and intense green eyes the color of an artichoke.
“My name is Fane Vargovic.” He extended his hand across the aisle.
Angus stretched and tried to blink away the fuzziness in his head. “Nice to meet you,” he said, but before he could introduce himself, the man leaned forward, glaring at his neck.
The green eyes snapped. “May I see your dragon charm?”
Angus yanked back his hand, not liking the way the stranger licked his lips and stared at his amulet. “No, sorry, I never take it off.” 
“Well, fine. Be that way about it.” Fane crossed his legs and turned his back. 
For a moment, Angus felt bad for being so abrupt, but not a second later, the man swung around. His eyes twinkled. “I’ll give you ten Celtic coins for it.”
“Huh?”
“Ancient coins, for your amulet.”
“Uh…I don’t think so. It’s—”
An overpowering aroma, like fried onions, wafted around them. What was that horrid smell? As if reading his mind, Fane pulled a long chain of garlic bulbs from his pocket.
“I hunt vampires every summer. That’s why I carry garlic.” He wiggled the thing in the air. By this time, several other passengers were listening and snickering. Angus hunkered down in his seat, wishing he could disappear. 
“I really can’t afford to have one sneak up on me, you know,” Fane Vargovic continued. “Wouldn’t be good for business. Now back to that amulet, what will you take for it?”
“It-it was a gift,” Angus closed the palm of his hand over the dragon, holding it against his chest. “From my grandfather. I won’t sell it.” He looked out the window, avoiding eye contact with the strange man.
“Not even for the right price, Angus MacBain?”
Angus jolted upright. “How do you know my name?” 
Before the stranger could answer, the flight attendant came down the aisle pushing a silver cart full of snacks and drinks. Angus selected a package of pretzels and orange juice. By the time the cart moved out of the way, the man had vanished. Where did he go? Angus pulled apart the cellophane wrapping. Something was wrong. There was no comforting thump of the dragon charm against his chest. He reached inside his T-shirt—maybe it slipped down inside. Nothing. His amulet was gone. And so was the stranger. 
Angus leapt from his seat, sprinting down the aisle. He couldn’t have gotten off the plane. He had to be somewhere. 
“Good morning, this is the captain,” squeaked a voice from a ceiling speaker. “We will be reaching our final destination soon. Please fasten your seatbelts and remain seated until the plane has landed. Thank you.”
Angus returned to his seat feeling sick. His grandfather would have been so disappointed. He had entrusted the amulet to his care and now just hours later, he’d let someone steal it. 
“Looking for this?” a voice said behind him. Angus twisted around in his seat. The weird man now sat behind him, swinging his amulet back and forth like a pendulum. “If you don’t mind, I’ll keep it for you until we land.” 
Angus gritted his teeth. “I’d rather have it now.”
“Oh, very well, here you go.” Fane handed over the item with a regretful sigh. “No need to put up a big fuss. And you better look out, we’re coming in for a landing.” 
Angus snatched the pendant, inspected it to make sure it was the same one, and slipped it on. He glanced out the window. The plane flew low over glistening lochs, remote glens, and emerald fields. The aircraft slowed and lowered its landing gear with a thump. The wheels bumped along an asphalt strip. Angus stuffed his Game Slayer into his pocket and gripped the armrest. 
For the first time since Grandfather became ill, Angus felt a sense of excitement. He couldn’t wait to explore Scotland. During their time together, his grandfather had told him so many exciting stories about the land and his Iron Age ancestors. He made it sound mysterious and magical. Angus held one hand protectively around the amulet as he disembarked from the plane. 
“Onopordum acanthium,” the strange man whispered in Angus’ ear. 
Angus spun to face him. “What?”
“That means Scotch Thistle. Like the one on your amulet. Did you know the thistle was used by the early kings of Scotland as their personal heraldic crest? Legend has it that a Viking stepped on one at night and cried out, alerting the Scots to a sneak attack. Thistle has great medicinal properties too, but sadly it has no effect on vampires.”
“Have you ever seen one? A vampire, I mean.” 
“Of course. I wouldn’t be much of a vampire hunter if I hadn’t, now would I? There’s one in Aberdeen, so I am here to eradicate it, or perhaps relocate it.” Fane peered down at him. “Ready to go?” 
“Go where?”
“Iona, of course. Sorry, I forgot to mention that I’m your ride to the ferry, dear boy. I was hired by one Mrs. Prudence Finklestink-MacBain. Now that’s a mouthful isn’t it? And, I might add, a most unpleasant sort of woman. I do wish you luck with her. I’ve seen nicer personalities in the undead.” Fane surveyed the busy airport. “Now, somewhere is my luggage. I do hope they haven’t misplaced it. Can’t fight vampires if I don’t have the proper tools, now can I?”
Angus stared at Fane. Was he crazy? Or was he for real? For now it didn’t really matter. He needed a ride, but he’d keep his guard up. 
Gathering his suitcase, Angus followed Fane across the parking lot to an antique motorcycle. “Wow this thing is cool,” he said, examining the bike. “Is it safe?” 
Fane secured the luggage into a sidecar and handed Angus a helmet. He strapped it on, tucking in strands of black, curly hair. 
“Of course it is,” Fane said. “Now hop on.”
Angus climbed on behind Fane and the old man slipped on a pair of goggles, kick-started the motorcycle, and launched them into the busy street. They passed wool shops, seafood markets, pubs, restaurants, and misty moors, until they reached a single lane tarmac that weaved into the peaceful countryside. A cool breeze blew inside Angus’ helmet as he looked about in wonder. Grass, green as an apple-flavored Jolly Rancher, carpeted lush fields dotted with grazing sheep that looked like distant cotton balls. Ancient stone fences formed paddocks around the livestock, keeping them safely contained. 
After a few sharp corners, they slowed and stopped at a long pier jutting into a dense fog. A sign nailed to a post listed departure dates and times. Shrouded in a gray mist, a black and white ferry floated ghost-like at the end. Fane parked his motorcycle near the dock and Angus climbed off. The air was so thick with the smell of salt that he stuck his tongue out to see if he could taste it. Something passed by overhead and they both looked up. A fat crow swooped in low, made a sharp turn, and dove at Angus’ neck with its big wings slashing. He ducked, but not before the bird tugged at his amulet and flapped away. 
Angus groped his neck. Gone! A terrible wave of panic filled his stomach. High above, the big amulet dangled from the bird’s mouth. Angus picked up a baseball-sized rock and hurled it at the ugly crow. The stone struck the creature’s wing. The bird flopped to one side in mid-flight and hurtled to the ground like a dart. 
“You got him!” Fane shouted.
Angus ran to the crow and watched it get to its feet and limp away. Now he felt bad. He hadn’t really meant to hurt the poor bird. He just wanted his amulet back. Angus took a step closer. The bird turned and hissed. There was something odd about the crow. It had one blue eye and a black patch covering the other one. The bird hissed once more, then crouched and launched itself into the air. It circled twice, then flew off, abandoning the amulet on a patch of thistles. Angus carefully grabbed the chain and studied the dragon. It didn’t look as if it had been harmed in the fall. 
Fane patted Angus on the back. “Good shot, my boy.” 
“Thanks,” Angus said, keeping an eye on the sky.
Pulling an ornate pocket watch from his purple vest, Fane glanced at the time. “Better get on board the ferry or I’m afraid we’ll miss it.” Fane sighed. “That would be most unfortunate, because it would certainly shorten my vampire-hunting-budget. Not to mention putting a lot of folks at risk of a neck wound.” 
Angus secured the amulet around his neck and tucked it inside his shirt. He followed Fane down the pebbled beach to the dock. The sorrowful lapping against the gravelly beach reminded Angus how far he had traveled from the only home he had ever known. Dark clouds scudded across the fading sun. 
Fane gripped Angus’ shoulder. “Think of yourself as a warrior on a great adventure, my boy. Iona is one of the most sacred and beloved places in all of Scotland.”
Angus stood on the slipway looking across the narrow channel to the low-lying island of Iona, where ancient ruins nestled close by the shore. 

2


Angus sat on the hard wooden seat of the ferry. Crisp sea air rustled through his hair. Overhead, gray clouds glowed and paled like the forge of a Celtic blacksmith. He stared across the sound at the misty island. Ancient stone buildings protruded from treeless mounds of rock and rain-washed green that made up Iona. The sight reminded him of his grandfather’s stories of the history of the island.
“Even the rocks around Iona are older than the sea itself,” Duncan had told him. “Ancient kings of the early Gaelic Kingdom of Dál Riata lay in rest on the peaceful shores. None of the graves are identifiable now as wind and rain have chiseled them away. In later years other kings from Scotland, Ireland, France and Norway were laid to rest on this divine island as well.” 
Angus recalled his grandfather lowering his voice and staring at him in a peculiar way that still made him shiver. “Iona is a very special place,” his grandfather had said. “A holy place. Her ground is sacred. Someday you’ll see for yourself.”
“Hello again,” chirped a friendly voice. Angus turned to see Vanora, the girl from the plane. “What a coincidence!”
“What do you mean?” Angus asked.
Vanora dropped her backpack by his feet and plopped down next to him. “Running into you again. Even on such a small island, it’s easy to miss someone among all the tourists. What group are you with?” 
“I’m not a tourist. I’m going to live with my aunt.”
“Really? I know almost everyone on the island. Who’s your aunt?”
“Prudence MacBain. I’ve never met her, so I’m not sure what to expect.” 
Vanora gave Angus a sympathetic nod. “No offense, but she’s horrible.”
“Great.” Angus swallowed hard. “How do you know?”
“She hates kids. Boy, are you in for it. She runs people off her property with a pitchfork.”
Angus stared down at the deck. “Just my luck.”
Vanora smiled. “Don’t worry, you can hang out at my house. We live in England in the winter but spend our summers here. My father has loads of interesting stuff. He’s a cryptozoologist.”
“A what?”
“A cryptozoologist. He studies all kinds of weird and mysterious creatures. That’s why we come to Iona. The island is ancient, full of mystery, and the oldest burial site in Scotland.” 
“Maybe he ought to study my traveling companion.” Angus pointed at Fane, who stood at the bow of the ship, staring wistfully at the approaching island. “He’s pretty strange.”
“I’ve never seen him before,” Vanora whispered. “You’re right though, he does look a little odd, especially with all that hair on his face.”
“I know what you mean,” Angus said. The first time I saw him I didn’t know if he was wearing a beard or eating a muskrat.”
Vanora giggled, grabbed her backpack, and stood. “I better help my father with the luggage. Look me up when you get settled.”
“Thanks. If my aunt’s as bad as you say, I might need a place to hide out.”
Fane came up behind him, cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled into Angus’ ear, “All ashore that’s going ashore.”
Angus jumped, and wriggled his finger in his ear. “Do you have to yell?”
“Sorry, bad habit. I’m not used to young people. Vampires are quite deaf, centuries old in fact. Most have sawdust in their ears. Keeps the bugs out.”
Angus wrinkled his nose. “Yuk.”
“I see the young lady from the plane is here.”
Angus glanced at Vanora, standing by her father at the rail. “Yeah, it’s kind of weird bumping into her again.”
Fane stroked his beard. “Not necessarily. Don’t you believe?”
Angus shrugged. “In what?”
“In destiny.”
“I don’t know, I guess,” Angus said.
Fane gripped his shoulder. “It’s good that you’ll have a friend here, especially in times of trouble.”
“What trouble?” 
The old man ignored him and plucked a piece of garlic from around his neck. He popped it into his mouth and leaned inches from Angus’ face. “Care for a snack? I have plenty.” 
Angus stepped back. “No thanks, and can you breathe the other way? You’re bleaching my hair.”
Fane popped another piece into his mouth. “All right, but don’t blame me if you get hungry later.” 
The ship’s engine geared down to a rumbling idle. An iron ramp lowered onto a concrete slab at the foot of the island. Passengers disembarked, careful to mind the puddles of ocean seeping between the ramp and the shore. To the right stood a metal rack filled with bicycles, some shiny and others rust-coated. There was even a unicycle propped to one side.
A loud ticking jolted Angus’ attention from the island. Fane pulled a tiny typewriter from his vest pocket and set it in the palm of his hand. Paper flowed from the machine as it hammered out a long message. 
“What is that?” 
“Urgent Telegraph,” Fane said, tearing off a two-foot long section of paper. He put the gadget away, read the message to himself, and sighed. “Here’s where we part company, my dear boy. Vampire alert near Edinburgh. Hope you have a pleasant stay. At least as pleasant as possible in the company you’ll be forced to keep.” Fane tugged out his pocket watch, rubbed the face, and studied the time. “She’ll be along shortly.” He clucked in sympathy while shaking Angus’ hand. “Too bad for you, my boy.” He reached into his pocket and handed Angus a business card. “Pleasure meeting you and don’t hesitate to contact me if you need anything.” 
Slipping the card into his front pocket, Angus watched Fane re-board the ferry. He gave Angus a low bow and yelled. “Take care of that dragon charm.” 
“I will. Thanks for the ride,” Angus yelled and waved good-bye. He patted his amulet to make sure it was still there. 
Vanora came up beside him and tapped him on the shoulder. “Come over when you can. My last name is Pegenstecher. It’s on the door. We live at Shore Side Cottage, number five. She pointed down a narrow lane, where a dozen whitewashed buildings stood nestled by the waterfront. “I’ll show you my father’s collection of mysterious and powerful objects.” Her eyes danced. “He’s even got a fur coat from Bigfoot.” 
“Really? Cool! I’ll be over as soon as I can.” 
Vanora and her father mounted their bikes, waved goodbye, and rode away. Angus waited for his ride, shivering as an ocean wind howled at his back. Storm clouds darkened the sky overhead and a light rain wept over his head, adding to his misery. Angus pulled up his collar as the water drizzled down his neck and into his shoes. An hour passed and still no one came to fetch him. In nearby windows, cozy fires glowed and tea kettles boiled. The rain turned into a downpour. A deep chill settled into his bones and his spirits sank. No one was coming to get him.
There seemed to be only a few cottages, a post office, and a couple of other buildings, all made of stone. It couldn’t be that hard to find Vanora’s cottage. Angus slogged up the lane looking for number five. He veered to dodge a muddy pot hole when an insect buzzed at his head. He swatted it and the thing fell to the ground with a clunk. He picked it up. A giant wasp, just like the one he’d seen on the plane! He held the insect by the tip of its wing to examine it in the dusky light. The wasp shook violently and sputtered before he got a closer look, but he could have sworn he saw a tiny camera attached to its belly. Without warning, the insect sprouted thorns. Sharp metal slivers stabbed into his hand.
“Ouch,” Angus yelled, dropping the thing to the ground. The angry wasp roared off into the sky. Angus examined the palm of his hand where blood seeped from three tiny puncture wounds. He searched in all directions. Was someone controlling those things? Hiding around a corner with a remote? 
Angus buried his head like a turtle in his jacket and forged up the lane, his cumbersome suitcase banging against his leg. It didn’t take long to see Vanora’s whitewashed stone cottage. He tapped on the door using a handsome brass knocker in the shape of a lion’s head. 
The door swung open with a wonderful blast of warm air and Vanora’s father, Mr. Pegenstecher, pulled Angus inside. “Come in, son, before you catch your death of cold.”
Angus shivered and removed his soaked jacket. He slipped off his shoes, feeling as if the whole ocean had seeped into them. 
Mr. Pegenstecher motioned him to a wooden bench in front of an energetic fire. Angus peeled off his wet socks, plopped them onto the stone hearth, and soaked in the soothing heat. A minute later Vanora handed him a cup of hot cocoa with whipped cream, sprinkles, and a chocolate stick on the side. 
“Thank you,” Angus said, taking the cup. 
Vanora looked puzzled. “I can’t believe no one came to get you.”
Angus took a sip of the delicious drink. “I know, nice huh?”
“Well, at least you’re safe and out of the rain. Relax and I’ll be right back.” 
Vanora returned to the kitchen, leaving Angus to himself. A dining table stood in the center of the cozy room near an antique hutch filled with crockery and silver tankards. Just beyond it, a glass case displayed ancient crosses, prehistoric artifacts, and plaster casts of giant footprints. Photographs hanging on the stone walls showed Mr. Pegenstecher at exotic locations with legendary creatures. One showed him on a pier with a giant squid. Another showed him holding the longest boa constrictor Angus had ever seen.
A great boom caused the pictures to shake. Boom. Boom. Boom. Someone was pounding on the front door. Mr. Pegenstecher hurried to answer the insistent knock.
A shriveled old man stood in the drizzling rain. A tattered brown overcoat draped to his ankles with a heavy canvas hood that partially concealed his wrinkled face. He carried a flickering glass lantern in one gnarled hand and with the other, pointed to Angus.
“Come, boy,” he grumbled. “Your aunt is waiting.”
“Good evening, Mr. Cudweed,” Mr. Pegenstecher said, motioning for the man to come inside.
The stranger grunted and stepped into the entryway. Angus swallowed hard and Vanora came to his side. “Be careful,” she whispered. “That’s Borage Cudweed. He works for your aunt. He’s a total weirdo. If you can get away, come over tomorrow and we’ll explore the island.”
“Okay, see you tomorrow,” Angus whispered before following the creepy man to the door. He turned to Vanora’s father. “Thanks for the hot chocolate and warm fire.”
Mr. Pegenstecher gave Angus a worried look. “You know where to find us if you need to.”
Angus nodded, then said to Cudweed, “How did you know I was here?”
“A little bug told me,” the old man mumbled.
“What?”
Cudweed scowled and stepped outside. “Come, now.”
Angus didn’t want to go with the nasty man. He looked more like a creature from one of his vampire books, or a crazed slasher, than someone’s gardener. 
Angus put on his wet socks and shoes and stepped out into the dark night. The man’s knee-high Wellington boots made loud splat, splat sounds as he shuffled away. Angus followed him to a rusty bicycle with a cart attached to the side. 
He shoved Angus forward. “Get in.” 
Angus shot him a dirty look and climbed inside. Rain poured down his back and a great puddle splattered underneath him as he sat on the wooden seat. For the first time, Angus noticed a series of neon blue lights shining outside each cottage down the lane. Bug lights?
Cudweed hooked the lantern onto the front of the bicycle, climbed aboard, and pedaled into the dark. Angus held on with both hands as the bike jerked forward into the night. How could the old man see by just the faint lantern light? Angus couldn’t see a thing until they wound along a treacherous ocean cliff gleaming black with rain. The lantern light made the rocky outcropping look like a humped-back serpent. Angus closed his eyes and held on tighter. 
He opened them again hearing the crash of surf from the ocean below. Angus squinted, trying to see ahead, but there was just blackness marred only by a bit of moon peeking between the clouds. Cudweed steered the cycle downhill between two rocks. It seemed as though the man was about to drive them into the sea when he took an abrupt right turn past a patch of shrubs and into a dale. A large stone house stood at the bottom. A faint light glowed from the eight windows of the tall, narrow structure. 
The bike rattled up next to the front of the house. “Out,” Cudweed commanded, pointing to the front door. 
Stiff from the cold and jarring ride, Angus climbed from the cart. A burst of bitter wind howled at his back, freezing the rainwater that had by now seeped into his pants. He forged his way to the front door, suitcase in hand. He knocked, watching Cudweed push the bike to a shabby, thatched cottage next door where moments later, a light switched on inside. Through its sooty windows, Angus watched Cudweed putting a kettle on to boil. He looked out the window and scowled at Angus. Something wasn’t right about the way he shuffled when he walked, or the way he grunted. As if he was not quite human. 


Click here to learn more about Angus MacBain and the Island of Sleeping Kings!





By: Angela J. Townsend


Clean Teen Publishing


For more information about our content disclosure, please utilize the QR code 
Above with your smart phone or visit us at 
www.cleanteenpublishing.com


To my family who taught me to go after my dreams
To my sons, Grant and Levi who taught me that love is endless
To Milton Datsopoulos and Diane Larsen who taught 
me the value of friendship
And to
Dale McGarvey
Who taught me to never give up.


“Let those curse it who curse the day, who are prepared to rouse Leviathan.”
Job 3:8


Summer 1937

Sassy Smit was seven years old the afternoon she found Leroy Jebber dead. His pudgy body floated belly up in the slough, like a white blob of fat in a can of beans. A strangled scream rose in her throat. She knew it was Leroy—the big bloated thing in the water. His bib overalls, the ones with the blue and green patches at the knees, gave him away. Sassy’s mama mended Leroy’s clothes for free, so he didn’t mind the mismatched scraps. Sassy’s legs trembled. She should have never taken the shortcut, never stayed so late at Betsy Ray’s birthday party. She stared at Leroy, too horrified to look away. 
Something slithered in the shallows just beyond Leroy’s boot. Instinct took over terror, stabbing into Sassy’s brain, screaming for her to run. Sassy bolted. Her legs pumping through the goosegrass, she tripped and fell, snagging her new pink tights.  Scrambling to her feet, she rounded the woodpile at the edge of her parent’s farm. Just a few more steps and she’d be home. She raced past the chicken coop and around a sharp bend in the worn footpath. The salty smell of fresh shelled lima beans greeted her at the front gate. She nearly tore it off its hinges.
“Mama!”  
Sassy’s mama stood on the front porch, stirring a pot. Her black skin glowed in the evening light. “What’s chasin’ you, child?”
“Mama, Leroy’s dead. He’s in the slough.”
Mama’s eyes went round. She leaned in close, snatched Sassy by the shoulders with her boney fingers. “You stay away from that pond, you hear me?”
“But Mama…”
“You listen to what I’m sayin’. That pond is cursed. You hear me?”
Sassy nodded.
Mama lowered her voice. “Whatever went on there today ain’t none of our business. Now you get inside and don’t you ever go near that place again. Not unless you want to die, too.”
“We can’t just leave him…” 
Mama wiped her hands on her gingham apron and narrowed her eyes up the weed choked path. Locusts hummed into the night. “Nothin’ we can do for him now, honey child.”
Sassy never went near that slough again. Not for seventy years. Not even to tend the rusted wire fences near the property line, not even when the county warned her about the weeds. No, Sassy never went back, not until the new people came, and then—it was only to warn them. 




Terrebone Parish, Louisiana, 2013

My mother aimed our Volkswagen bus down the overgrown driveway, steering through endless rows of cypress trees, ashen with massive fluted bases and branches bearded with Spanish moss. We passed acres of swamp water interlacing the land like veins. She’d dragged us all the way from the windy plains of Nebraska deep into the heart of the Louisiana bayous, to a countryside that seemed to congeal into a shapeless living thing, a strange combination of liquid and land. 
“Mom, look out!” 
She slammed on the brakes, barely missing a fallen log in the road. She turned and glared at me. “Dharma! You know I don’t like you calling me mom. I thought we agreed on this.”
“Okay!” I snapped. In my panic, I had forgotten that my crazy, hippie mother wished to be called Echo, a name given to her by a shaman who informed her that her streak of bad luck with men would end if she united with nature and gave up her identity. I tried to convince her otherwise but she wouldn’t listen. Me, the voice of reason. The adult in the family. And the caretaker of my baby brother, Benny, whose dad could have been any one of an endless string of loser boyfriends.
Mom steered around the log. A dreamcatcher dangling from the rearview mirror swung precariously as she dodged the ruts in the road, only to hit deeper ones. She fought past the potholes and brought the bus to an abrupt halt in front of a massive wrought iron gate with a giant metal rose in the center. Behind the gates loomed an immense plantation house. Ancient. Deserted. Unloved. 
“Groovy!” Mom said, eyeing the dilapidated mansion. 
“Creepy, you mean.”
“No, it’s perfect.” 
“Right. Perfectly creepy.”
“Come on, Dharma, show some respect! It's a historical landmark. Welcome to Whiskey Rose Plantation.”  
She pulled a Post-it off the dash, reading the history the same way she'd remember to pick up milk at the store. “It was built by General Cobb. He and his family died mysteriously in eighteen-twelve." Her eyes danced. "No one has been able to live in it for long. They've all been chased away by ghosts. And that's where I come in.” She wadded up the paper and tossed it on the floor. 
I sighed. “You know someday you’re gonna get caught.”
“Caught doing what? I’m providing an honest service.” A scheming grin crossed her lips. “They need to sell this place, and they can’t do it if it’s haunted.” 
“You’re kidding, right? Remember who you’re talking to. I’m the one that helps you capture the dearly departed on film, waving mournfully on their journey to the other side. The one holding the trick ropes. The one who makes the spooky sounds. Why can’t you get a real job?”
“Well, a real job wouldn’t give us a free place to live every month, would it? Now stop polluting me with your negative energy and get Benny. I’ll grab the keys.”
I waited while she dug for her purse, buried under a pile of fast food sacks and scratched CDs. She pawed through the mess and pulled out the tattered bag decorated with beads and an orange peace sign on the front. She unhooked the antler bone clasp and started the excavation process.  
While she searched for an eternity, I glanced at the dark, foreboding house. Greek style pillars, strangled with vines, held the weathered roof up. Most of the windows were covered by rotten shutters and decrepit with moss. A lump rose in my throat. What had she gotten us into this time?     
“Shoot! I must have left the keys at the real estate office. Take Benny for a walk while I go get them. There’s supposed to be a scenic pond out back.”
I glared at my mother. “You’re coming back—right?”
She rolled her eyes. “Well, of course.”
“Promise?”
“Yes, why wouldn’t I?”
“Because the last time you dumped us off someplace, you didn’t come back for a week.”
“Great, so you’re going to bring that up again.”
“You know it wasn’t the first time. There was Bob in Newport, Mark in Austin, Sam in Glendale,” I counted off the checklist of cheaters, users and con artists on my fingers. “And Roger. Let's not forget Roger in…where was it?”
“Now you're being silly,” my mother said.  
“Every time you meet a new guy, you forget about everything else, including us.”
Her gaze slid away from mine. “I know it’s been a long day. We’re all tired and crabby. I’ll get the keys and be right back. Or if you like, you could ride with me. But no more negativity—you’re messing with my chakras.”
I flung open the door. “No thanks.” I stepped to the side of the bus, opened the side door, and looked at my baby brother, sleeping soundly. If it hadn’t been for Benny, I would have left my crazy mother a long time ago. This would be my senior year, if I had enough credits. But who knows if I'll ever graduate from high school with all the moving. 
Mom yammered on and on about how I’d like this town and how I’d make new friends. I'd heard it all before and I suddenly felt dizzy. It was like being trapped on a merry-go-round. Nothing ever changed. Tears pooled in my lower lashes, a lump in my throat expanded. I wanted to grab onto something stable and hold on. 
My mother stepped out of the van, shook the road dust from her peasant skirt and stretched her long thin legs. She smoothed her hair into a knot at the nape of her neck, cinching it with a hair tie, before applying a thick layer of apricot gloss to her lips. She grinned at me, rubbed her lips together, and then studied her reflection in the side mirror of the bus. “We could be sisters you know, instead of mother and daughter. What do you think?”
“Whatever,” I said. I didn’t want a sister. I wanted a mother. Someone who cared enough to see how much it hurt me to never have any friends, to constantly be the new kid at school, the weirdo with the ghost hunting mom. But more than anything I wanted a real home for Benny. I didn’t want him to end up like me, a wilting plant, struggling to take root.    
I glared at my mother who was still admiring herself in the mirror. I hated to admit it, but I guess she was right, we did sorta look alike. We shared the same long paprika-blonde hair and hazel eyes. But I wasn't lucky enough to get her willowy figure or her outgoing personality. I used to promise myself that with every move things would get better. A new school—a new life. I'd be popular, more outspoken. I'd make tons of new friends. Wrong. While everyone else was busy chatting and interacting, I sat hunched at my desk doodling in my notebook, escaping the chaos around me. Pretending to be an aspiring artist, hiding behind a curtain of hair. 
Sometimes I wondered if was normal to be so uptight all the time. To be aware of every move I made, every word I spoke. My mother was the complete opposite. She floated through life without a care, so completely sure of herself. I've never had that kind of confidence, and I envied her for it—not that I'd ever tell her that. 
I reached inside the van, unbuckled Benny and lifted him up. He nestled his soft head under my chin. I inhaled the scent of raspberries and cream lingering in the fine strands of his hair. Sweet residue from the baby shampoo I’d washed him with the night before. Benny shifted in my arms and put a fist to his mouth while I grabbed his sippy cup and blanket. Benny snatched them eagerly. He was a lot like my mother, always happy and full of energy. Nothing ever seemed to bother him much. He was quick to adapt, unlike me. Last month, he’d hit the toddler stage and trying to keep up with him was a challenge, but at least I didn't have to carry him all the time.  
My mother slid into the driver’s seat, closed the bus door and winked. “I’ll be back in a flash.”
I noticed the glow in her eyes. My mother, the opportunist, no doubt wanted to go back for a second chance to flirt with the real estate agent. He’d been checking her out the moment we walked in the door. One thing she could never resist was men—men of all shapes and sizes. Often at our expense. She had assured the agent she could rid the house of any unpleasantness and anything else he may want while the slimebag took off his wedding ring and tucked it into his desk drawer. Unseen, except by me. 
None of mom's relationships ever lasted for long, not even with my father. My mother had met him in an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. They fell in love, stopped attending meetings, and moved in together a week later. The affair lasted a month and then he was gone, leaving her alone and pregnant. She refused to tell me anything about him, almost as if it were easier for her to pretend I had just dropped out of the sky, than to admit she had screwed up with yet another man. 
I used to lay awake at night and dream about my father. What he looked like, how he smelled. Sometimes I’d push him from my mind, wondering how he could just walk away and leave us behind. I used to watch fathers on the playgrounds, pushing kids on swings, or going out for ice cream, attending school plays. I liked how calm they were, how stable. They seemed like giant anchors, firmly rooted to the ocean floor.  You could be safe with them, not always drifting like us.
Mom started the engine and accelerated down the driveway.  A rooster tail of dust flared out behind the van as she pulled away. At the last moment, before disappearing around the bend, she stuck out her hand and waved. I turned my back on her as she had done so many times to us. 
I looked at the ground, my gaze following the curve of the gravel lining the driveway. Maybe while I waited, I could hunt for rocks. I loved the familiarity of stone, the weight of a small piece of the earth's crust resting in the palm of my hand. It made me feel grounded, settled somehow, even though most days I felt like the Greek god, Atlas, burdened with the weight of the entire world on my shoulders. 
I hiked to the gate and pushed it open. The hinges squealed with loud mournful cries, as if alive. Weeds choked the footpath. I glanced back at the road, thinking how stupid I’d been to let her leave us here. What if she didn’t come back? How far was it to the main highway—a mile, maybe two?  
Come on Dharma, stop it. I took a deep breath and studied the mansion tucked into a thick congregation of ancient oaks. Their skeletal branches seemed to cradle the crumbling structure, protecting it from something. Something sinister. 
A shrill cry came from somewhere in the distant swamp and a blue heron glided overhead. Its lonesome call rang across the horizon. I held Benny closer, hesitating in front of a dense wall of weeds and waist-high grass. Not the kind of terrain I wanted to wade through in a tank top, shorts and flip flops. Who knew what lurked in those tall grasses—there could be poisonous snakes or worse.  
A deep-throated growl rumbled from several yards away. I froze, listening. What was that? To the left, the grass waved to one side, then parted at a threatening pace. Something was coming, heading straight for us.
I clutched Benny to my chest and made a break-neck run for the house. Thorns tore at my flesh. Something snapped at my heels. Cold, wet slime slithered down the backs of my ankles. I ran harder through the thick foliage, lungs burning, breath sawing in and out. Just a few more feet and I’d make it to the front porch. The growl intensified, drowning out the sound of my footsteps. Icy breath feathered my legs. I lunged forward and toppled over the remains of a concrete statue. My brother flew from my arms.
“Benny!” 
I scrambled to my feet, frantically searching the weeds, glancing over my shoulder for whatever chased us. The grass stood still, as if frozen. The air so silent, not even a breeze. My pulse hammered in my ears.  
“Benny, where are you!” I yelled. 
No answer. Not one sound. Why wasn’t he crying? My heart did a somersault. Was he knocked unconscious? My fear of the unknown lurking in the grass evaporated. I waded through the weeds, tearing aside patches of crabgrass, hoping he was there. Nothing. Each breath felt heavy, as if I was swallowing mud. I whipped my head around, searching. Where was he? 
To the left stood the old house.  A padlock secured the front door; boards crisscrossed the windows. Around me, nothing but weeds, swampland, and rotting outbuildings. In the distance near a low clearing, I spotted a flash of blond hair. Benny! His face glowed with laughter, his arms outstretched, chasing after something. 
“Benny, stop!” 
He paused and looked at me, then turned as if someone were calling to him, luring him away. He continued to run clumsily through the clearing, past an overgrown gazebo toward a murky slough fed by a lazy river. 
“Benny, no!” I sprinted after him, blood trickling down my scraped knees, pain flashing into my side. I yelled until my vocal cords ached, but he only ran faster, laughed louder. At the water’s edge, he tripped and pitched forward. His tiny hands flew out in front of him as he tumbled headlong into the dank waters and sank like a stone beneath the sludge. I crashed through the brambles and dove into the pond.
Lilies and vines tangled around my body as I cut through the inky water. I forced my eyes open, struggling to see in the cloudy haze, lungs on the verge of bursting. I surfaced for a quick breath and dove in again. Light from above pierced into the darkness, guiding me to the bottom as I frantically searched the thick black ooze. I dug into the muck, fumbling through the sludge when my hand collided with a pile of long smooth objects. Cloth swirled around my fingers. Was it Benny’s shirt? I grabbed with both hands and pulled. When the muck cleared, I made out a long femur bone with part of a pant leg. In horror, I threw it aside, seeing a fuzzy outline of a hundred other bones strewn on the scummy pond floor. 
I swam farther out through a forest of lilies. Fear swallowed me, consumed every single cell. I kicked harder and harder, propelling through an underwater sandstorm. Where was he? 
 A cool current washed against my face where the river met the bog. Ahead, a log rested on the bottom wedged next to a mossy boulder. Was Benny trapped beneath it? Had the swift current sucked him under? 
Swimming closer, panic rose in my throat. This was no log. Dark leathery skin stretched over its bony head. Raised plates scaled its back. Dark eyes rolled upward, locking with mine, pinning me in an icy gaze. 
An alligator!
My shattered mind raced. No wonder there were so many bones. 

Sassy Smit gripped the handles of the wooden rocker, her flesh prickling. She sat bolt upright, muscles trembling, sweating and cold with fear. Was that a scream? Someone yelling? She held her breath to listen, waited several seconds. Nothing. Sassy forced herself up, hobbled to the front door, and threw it open. She narrowed her eyes. The noise had come from across the swamp, from the old plantation house.  She couldn’t see anyone. Caretakers came from time to time, keeping the place up, renovating, but they never stayed long—they didn’t dare. 
Sassy shook her head, she could have sworn she heard a scream, and before that, the ruckus of a passing car or truck. But she couldn’t be sure. Her hearing wasn’t what it used to be, and she’d be damned if she would wear one of those hearing contraptions. She returned inside, and reached for the phone hanging on the wall underneath an outdated calendar. Sassy jerked her hand back and sighed. Better not, they’d probably take her away. Say she was too old to live alone anymore. No, she’d tend to her own business, finish her crossword puzzle and stitching. 
Just her ancient ears playin’ tricks, that’s all it was. No need to get all tangled up.  Her arthritic hands shook. Too bad they just didn’t burn the place down. Ashes to ashes, that’s what it needed, though she doubted it would do much good. 



I stared into the alligator’s eyes, not daring to make any sudden movements. One snap and it would have me in its jaws, rolling over and over until my lungs burst. The creature stirred, moving awkwardly in the underwater current. My heart leapt. Something wasn’t right. The gator wriggled in the tide, flopping to one side, its intestines spilling out of its belly. Dead.  
Kicking hard, I rose from the suffocating depths, gasping for air. Tears stung my eyes. How many times had I accused my mother of being careless and it was me who had lost Benny for good. Searching the water clogged with plants and muck, I wondered how long it would take for his little body to surface. Anger tightened my chest. I wouldn’t give up. I inhaled another deep breath, preparing to dive again, when I heard a faint giggle. Benny’s giggle. I spun around, hunting the bank for the source of the sound. 
The giggle erupted again. There he was, to my right, nestled in a stand of cattails, clutching his blanket and waving his cup. How did he get there? He wasn’t even wet. I had seen him fall, had heard the terrible splash. 
He got to his chubby feet. And took off again! I struggled to reach the shore, plants tangling around my legs like skeletal hands. Benny toddled through the grass. 
 “Benny. Wait!” 
He turned around, grinned at me and took a sip from his cup. A few yards behind him, the grass whipped. Something else was coming, barreling through the thicket. No, please, not again! My feet touched bottom and I plodded to shore, fighting the wet muck sucking at my shoes. I bolted through the tall grass like a football player, lunging for my little brother. I snatched Benny into my arms.   
Ahead, a huge black dog broke into the clearing, foam steaming from its massive jaws. It paused, head tilted to the side, studying us. Suddenly it lowered its muzzle and charged. 
Frantically, I waded back into the bog with Benny. What was I doing? I couldn’t out-swim a mad dog with Benny in my arms. A scraggly tree grew in the middle of the pond. Its branches stuck out like the arms of a scarecrow. It wasn’t that far, I could wade to it and climb into the safety of its branches. 
A shrill whistle pierced the air. The dog slid to a stop behind us, turned and loped toward a guy about my age riding a four-wheeler. He drove the ATV to the pond’s edge, killed the engine and hopped off. A golden tan offset his olive-black eyes, firm jaw and sun-streaked hair, which hung a little long in the front of his brow. 
“Hi, I didn’t know anyone was here. Sorry if we scared you,” he said, eyeing me up and down with a strange look. “Wow...that must have been a miserable dip.” His voice was deep, his accent Southern with a hint of Cajun.  
I slogged to shore with Benny squirming in my arms, stretching to reach the dog. The Boxer wagged its tail playfully and sniffed at Benny’s hand. Foamy drool ran from its mouth.
I jerked Benny’s arm back. “Your stupid dog tried to kill us, and my brother almost drowned. Don’t they have a leash law here in Hickville?”
The dog leapt forward and licked my foot. I glared at the Boxer. It gazed up at me with big liquid eyes, begging for a pet. Its tongue lolled to one side. I suddenly felt stupid. This dog was no killer. 
The stranger patted the dog’s head. “It wasn’t Scooter. We just got here and besides, he wouldn’t hurt a fly.”
“We’ll something chased us and…” 
He frowned, took a step closer and plucked a long weed from my dripping hair. My checks burned. Earth, seriously—just swallow me now.
“Uh…thanks.”
“No problem.”  
He picked up a stick in the brush and waved it in front of the dog’s nose. The Boxer sprang up and down, barking.  
“Fetch!” The guy hurled the branch into the air. 
Scooter tore after it. Benny squealed and kicked his legs, fighting to free himself from my arms. The Boxer retrieved the stick and dropped it at my feet. I grabbed the stick before Scooter could take it, and flung it near the pond. The dog slid to a stop at the water's edge, barking and whining to reach the object without getting his paws wet. 
“That’s weird,” the guy said. “He usually loves the water.” He turned his attention to me. “So do you have any idea what they want done, or where I should start?”
I stared at him, water dripping off my nose like some kind of sea creature. “What do you mean?” 
“I was supposed to mow the lawn. But it looks like I’ll have a ton of work to do first.” He frowned, studying the area. “Man, someone really let this place go.” 
I took a step forward and tripped, barely catching myself. Not a big surprise. In my lifetime, I have managed to fall, stumble or trip practically every day. It's like I'm wearing an invisible pair of giant clown shoes or something. It's even worse when I'm nervous. My brain and my body are constantly at war, and they can't seem to come to any kind of agreement. Ever.
He returned his attention to me. “Are you with the real estate agency?” 
“No, my mom and I are here to do research.” I didn’t want to get into the whole embarrassing ghost hunting deal. 
“Cool! You guys must be the ghost hunters, right?” His eyes widened. “I’ve heard some pretty wild stories about this place.” 
Darn. Word must have already spread about us coming. I bit my lower lip, hoping it was all good. I always lived with the fear that mom would get thrown in jail when the locals caught onto her scam. 
“I could tell you some scary stories, but I guess you’ll find out soon enough on your own. Wouldn’t want to influence your findings. I’m Wolf Bodine, by the way.”     
I frowned. “Your name is Wolf? Seriously?”
“Yep, short for Wolfgang.”
“As in Mozart?” 
He nodded. “My mother is a classical pianist. So, lucky me.”
I smirked, thinking how my mother would love this flirty guy, with his unusual name and muscled body.  
“I’m Dharma. I’d shake your hand but I’m a little disgusting right now.”
He glanced at the pond and shuddered. “Whatever made you dive in there must have been pretty scary.”
I nodded. “I thought Benny had fallen in and drowned.” 
“Wow, glad he’s okay.” Wolf grabbed Benny’s foot. “Hi there, big guy.”
Benny giggled and kicked his legs. 
“Sorry, he doesn’t talk yet,” I said. “At least not in English.”
 Wolf surveyed the area. “Did you get a look at whatever it was that chased you?”
“No, but I heard it crashing through the brush and growling.” 
“Might have been a black bear, or maybe even a cougar.” 
“Maybe it was a bear, and as far as cougars go, my mother had already left for town by then.” 
“Wow.” Wolf cracked a wide grin. “Your mom must really be something.”
“Oh, she’s something all right. Wait until you meet her…Just be careful, if you know what I mean.”
 “Thanks for the tip.”
Water dripped down my back and I shivered.
“I’ve got a towel and an extra T-shirt in my truck. I was going swimming later, but it’s getting late. I just stopped by to see what needs done and scout the area. Safer by four-wheeler than getting my rig stuck. Hop on and I’ll give you guys a ride.”
I hesitated for a moment then climbed onto the back, holding onto Benny and Wolf at the same time, thankful we wouldn’t have to walk through the weeds again. Scooter chased after us, barking and biting at the rubber tires. The cool breeze chilled my skin and I hugged Benny closer.
We roared past the iron gates toward the house. A black Chevy truck and trailer, with a riding mower strapped onto the trailer was parked in the driveway. My gaze shot to the ground, a habit from collecting rocks, always on the lookout for agates nesting in the gravel, when I noticed a weird rusty mark smeared across the top of my sandal. I wiggled my toes, testing for wounds I couldn't feel quite yet. They throbbed from where I’d tripped over the statue, but they weren’t bleeding. I frowned, staring at the ugly stain. The statue must have had a rusted metal base. Hopefully, it would come out.      
We climbed off the four-wheeler and Wolf strode to the pickup. He reached inside the driver’s side window, then tossed me a towel and Harley-Davidson T-shirt. Benny played with the controls on the ATV while I dried off and slipped on the oversized shirt. The cotton warmed my frozen skin and smelled of spiced cedar. 
This guy definitely fit the part of a biker. Black jeans, a matching shirt that said untamed as it stretched over his broad chest, and heavy leather boots. For a moment, I couldn't catch my breath, which is ridiculous because I don’t really like motorcycles. For starters, they’re noisy, especially if they have those big obnoxious pipes that amplify the sound. Plus, I get totally anxious when I see motorcyclists weaving in between cars or passing where it’s not safe. But, if I had a chance to ride on the back of a Harley with this guy—all my worries would melt away. 
Wolf glanced at his watch. “It’s after five. I should go. I’ll leave the trailer out front and be back tomorrow.” His eyes locked onto mine. “Are you going to be okay here?” 
I looked to the darkening sky. My mother obviously wasn’t coming back. It was cocktail hour and no doubt she was dining with the real estate agent. “I don’t suppose anyone gave you a key to the house, did they?” 
“No, but I have some tools. I can get you inside. I’m pretty sure I can turn on the water so you can take a shower.” 
“Thanks. That’d be great.” 
He cocked his head and smiled. I noticed one of his front teeth had a slight chip in it, which only added more character to his smile. “Or,” he said with a wink, “we could just go to my place.”
I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out but a pathetic squeak.
Wolf grinned. “It was a joke. Relax!” 
I gave a fake laugh, which came out more like a lame snort, and watched as he walked to his pickup—hoping he hadn’t heard me. 
Wolf reached into the truck bed and pulled out a toolbox. “I’ll pry open the door. Maybe we’ll find some cool stuff inside.”
I studied the house and frowned. “By the looks of it, the only thing we’re going to find is a corpse.”  


Click here to learn more about River of Bones!





Subscribe now and never miss a release!  


