
Thera’s Eyes Series
Book one
-Revelations-
Léia Kiuski




Copyright © 2011 Léia Kiuski
Cover designed by Léia Kiuski 
(leiakiuski@gmail.com)
Credit for the original model photo:
Belovodchenko Anton
http://www.sxc.hu/profile/african_fi
Photo ID: 1405047
All the other items present in the final work
were made using Photoshop brushes.



All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission of the author. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.
Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.
Table of Contents

Author’s Note
Chapter 01
Chapter 02
Chapter 03
Chapter 04
Chapter 05
Chapter 06
Chapter 07
Chapter 08
Chapter 09
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Tease ‘Black Aura – Thera’s Eyes Book 2’
Author’s Note






The small town of Silver Blade, the setting of the story told in this book, may be located near you, or it may be somewhere else much farther away... perhaps even in another dimension, who knows?
To narrate the story of Elizabeth and her friends, I didn’t rely on any specific place, or on any person, living or dead. Neither have I used any existing myth or religious reference, nor researched the laws of any country.
All names of deities, people and places were invented by me, and if you by chance heard of any of them somewhere else, then I guarantee that it is mere coincidence.
Having cleared up these little details, get ready to be sucked into the life of Elizabeth Monterey and her friends.
Have fun.


Léia Kiuski

Chapter 01





Beth woke up with a startled jump, still hearing the echoes of her own screams vibrating through the hallways of the empty house. Her shirt was soaked with sweat, and her hands were trembling. These were the results of a nightmare that had already vanished from her memory. 
For two consecutive months, those terrible dreams had been making her life like a hell, rendering it impossible to have an undisturbed night’s sleep. There was no way to know if they were always the same, or if a new ordeal visited her every single night. If Beth remembered, then maybe she could fight against them or, who knows, as someone told her before, take control of the situation, be aware that it was just a dream and change it. But when she woke up screaming, all that remained were the symptoms: racing heart, cold sweat, dry throat, fear, anger and the damn shaking hands.
Well, at least she didn’t have to be a genius to figure out what they were. Her night terrors had begun shortly after the accident that changed her life forever… the same accident that had killed her parents and placed her twin brother, Jake, in a deep coma.
Beth had not witnessed the accident. She wasn’t there in the small airplane with them when it crashed; in fact, she had been far away, inside that same house. Was it possible that, deep down, she felt guilt for what happened?
No, blame had no part in the kaleidoscope of feelings that always made her heart crumble, when she allowed herself to think about her family - fear, helplessness, loneliness, anger, anguish and pain… Those were the usual ones. Worst of all was that pain, so deep it threatened to tear her apart. But there was never blame. 
Beth was not so stupid as to believe that she could have done something to prevent the accident if she had been there, nor was she selfish enough to think she should have died along with them. If she had, then who would take care of Jake?
Okay, that was a terrible time to think about Jake. Doing so would not help her to feel any better, unless she wished to spend the next hour or so drowning in a sea of unbearable pain… No! This will not happen. I can’t break now; all I need to do is get up and keep my mind occupied, she thought, angry at her own weakness.
After breathing deeply for almost a minute to calm down her heart, Beth got up and went to the adjoining bathroom to take a shower. She took a quick glance back at the clock, which stood beside her bed, just to confirm what she already knew. It was Saturday, September 12th, three minutes past four. 
“Perfect!  Happy Birthday, Elizabeth Monterey. Today you are completing your long-awaited seventeen years. Congratulations!”
She said this aloud, hoping to chase away some of the loneliness threatening to crush her… only the effect was quite the opposite, since there was no one around to answer. Refusing to continue lamenting her fate, she took a hot shower to soothe her nerves and dressed quickly. 
It could still be summer, but in Silver Blade dawns were always cold, no matter the season. Actually, the inhabitants of the area barely noticed them, the change of seasons, unless it was fall, and that was just because the leaves changed color regardless of the strange temperatures. They had also a rainy and a dry season, but generally the temperature ranged from too hot to pleasant during the day, becoming something between too cold and freezing at night.
According to Beth’s father, there had been an extensive study in the area, and the specialists had explained that the sudden change in temperature between day and night occurred ‘probably’ because the forest was too close to the town. Well, close certainly was an understatement; indeed the forest and the city were thoroughly mixed, to the tourists’ enjoyment and the despair of the residents, who often had problems with the local fauna and also struggled to maintain the stubborn vegetation outside their houses.
Beth didn’t mind it though; she even liked the wildness of her birth town. Silver Blade was located right on the edge of Tamohane National Forest, which was the natural habitat of bears, mountain lions, raccoons, wolves and many other creatures. It wasn’t a big city; it had just over fifty thousand inhabitants at the present time, but in its golden days, about fifty years ago, when the mine was still running at full steam, the population reached nearly two hundred thousand. 
Silver Blade was extended over a vast area; the properties were large and a lot of them had been abandoned many years ago, including several factories in the Industrial District. But the people were friendly, and nobody was too busy to give a “good day” or to exchange a few words - when they were there, because a lot of them worked at some nearby town, spending only the weekends in their little paradise.
The twins grew up playing in the forest, enjoying and respecting the surrounding nature, and, from a remarkably young age, they learned archery as a sport. Unlike her brother, Beth didn’t like to hunt. She always preferred the fixed targets and the championships over the innocent animals and Jake had always teased her because of this, calling her ‘Jelly Girl’ for being too soft, which often irritated her.
She was as talented as he, if not more; she just did not see any sense in killing to prove it, even if they were going to eat the animal’s meat and use their skins. She was an environmentalist and believed that every life was sacred. Jake thought she was a hypocrite, and maybe he was right since she loved to eat all kinds of meat, a habit she never could manage to change. There was nothing better than a good BBQ.
 “And now that’s enough; no more nostalgia!” Beth scolded her own image reflected in the mirror attached to the wall in her room and, just for a second, she thought there was something different in her eyes. She blinked hard and looked again. It was gone. “The nightmares are messing with my mind,” Beth grumbled.
She checked her reflection again, taking some time to study it, a thing she had been avoiding, focusing only on her hair and clothes. Normally she considered herself a beautiful girl, standing at 5.6 feet tall, with mischievous green eyes and long eyelashes. Her skin was clear but not pale like most redheads; it usually showed a healthy tan thanks to long hours spent outdoors. Her hair was an outstanding shade of red, almost burgundy, falling in lovely curls which reached her waist. She had a strong but at the same time curvy body, the kind that actually messed with the heads of the guys. It was the result of constant physical activity plus her favorable genes.
But right now, Beth only saw the face of a ghost. A shadow of the girl that once had been happy and carefree. She was pale and thin, having lost weight and showing enormous dark circles under her eyes, which gave her the strong appearance of being ill.
Shaking her head, she quickly left the room, going to the small kitchen near the stairs. There she made a really strong cup of coffee and went to the balcony to enjoy the sunrise. 
At least her hands had stopped trembling, and the concerns caused by the nightmares were gone, completely forgotten. When the sun made its glorious entrance with all the vibrant colors streaking across the sky, Beth sighed, amazed at her little private show. It was one of the few enjoyable moments she could still be sure to have in present days.
Beth truly loved her birth town, but for some unclear reason, most parts of the big hospital in the center were out of commission. It did have doctors and ambulances and all the relevant equipment, but it only handled emergencies and a few mundane diseases. Any more complicated cases had to be transferred to Earth Valley, one of the neighboring towns. 
Jake was there, so she finished her coffee and went back to her room to prepare for the short trip she had made almost every day over the past couple of months.

It was still extremely early in the morning when Beth arrived at Earth Valley. At this point, the road between the two cities was well known to her and the drive had taken just over an hour, giving Beth enough time to take another coffee and to choose a pretty gift for her brother. After all, it was also his birthday, and a perfect day for him to wake up. 
Suddenly feeling full of hope and excitement, Beth decided to turn around, even though she was already entering the hospital, and ran to the bakery that was just a couple of blocks away. The thought that the two of them actually could celebrate their birthday together stole her breath and made her feel a bit lightheaded. A silly thing to do when you have to cross over a high traffic avenue…
“Watch out!!!”
She was shoved out of the way just as the tires of a car locked, making it squeak on the asphalt. The strength behind the impact was enough to throw her out of the road and onto the sidewalk. Oh, hell, this will hurt… 
At the last second, her body changed angles, and she felt her back hit against something much softer than cement, and she rolled down the sidewalk with more arms and legs than she actually had.
It took her several seconds to understand that the car didn’t touch her; someone had just taken her out of the way and also softened her fall. And it took her a few more seconds to realize that this someone was still on top of her.
Opening her eyes, Beth saw a face—a decidedly manly one—just inches from hers. She had the impression of seeing a green light behind the eyes staring at her, but no, it must have been the sun because those eyes were gray—an amazing shade of gray like she had never seen before, and they were surrounded by dark, dense lashes. His eyebrows were straight and thick. There was a thin, white scar descending between his temple and his right eye and a nose that would look almost delicate if it wasn’t a bit crooked as if it had been broken and carefully fixed. The face staring at her also had high cheekbones, a strong chin, deep black hair falling over the sides of his face, making her own cheeks tickle, and a mouth that she could only describe as being too sexy to be so close to hers, especially since he seemed to be more or less her age.
He stared at her for several seconds, with a funny look on his face. “Are you okay?” The guy seemed to be short of breath, and his husky yet gentle voice was barely audible, making it difficult for Beth to understand his question. Or maybe it was just the fact that he was scorching hot and had his body pressing against hers.
“What?” 
“I asked if you are okay. Did you hurt something?” he repeated after clearing his throat.
“Uh… No, at least I don’t think so… But… I can’t breathe very well…”
He gave her a half smile and spun around, releasing her of his weight, then knelt beside her.
“Ok, try again now. Do you think you can stand up?” There was an unmistakable tone of irony in the guy’s voice, and the sarcastic manner annoyed her. 
“Now it’s much better, and of course I can get up. Thanks anyway.”
He stood on his feet and held out his hand to help her, but she ignored his gesture and got up by herself. He was tall, maybe even taller than her brother, about six feet two she calculated. And he was strong, not as strong as the people who spend all their lives shaping muscles, but he certainly worked on that, or maybe he was a football player.
“For…?” 
“For… you know… preventing me from being hit by the car.”
 “Ah, for that… And…?” His eyebrow was raised, waiting for her to elaborate.
“And… For cushioning my fall…” 
“Hmm… Now, that was the best part—don’t you think?” His smile opened fully now while his gaze lowered to her body, lingering a little too long over her legs. “For both of us, I mean.”
Damn, she had forgotten she was wearing tight white shorts that covered only half of her thighs, and inevitably his gaze made her blush and become even angrier.
“Speak only for yourself! I already thanked you, so you don’t have to act like a jerk because of it.”
“Okay, okay! I was just teasing.” He raised his hands in surrender. “I would like to say that I’m at your service, but actually I’m just passing by, so it would be wise if you paid more attention from now on. Anyway, you better take care of that knee; it would be a shame to get a scar on it.” He made a sloppy salute, turned around and walked away with a mocking half-smile twisting his lips.
What an asshole! Beth thought and only stopped to assess the damage on her knee after she was inside the bakery. It was just grazed and probably would be fully healed after two days.

Once inside her brother’s room, she went straight to the bed and kissed his forehead. She stayed there for a long time watching him closely while brushing his hair with her fingers. 
Jake looked much like her physically, being her twin and all. He had the same hair color—cut in a short and messy way which gave him a look of a sturdy boy—and the same eyes, but his chin was squarer, his muscles were more obvious, and he was about four inches taller. He also was four minutes older, and loved to tease and annoy her, but always ended up making things go her way. They were extremely close to each other.
Unfortunately, the time spent with Jake did nothing to improve her mood. He, obviously, didn’t wake up, and the nurses attending that floor were clearly feeling grateful for their share of the cake Beth had bought.
Still, she stayed at his bedside, talking and reading aloud all the news about archery championships that she could find on the internet. She didn’t mention her recent accident; it only would have made him mad because of her stupidity, and some of the doctors believed that people in a coma were able to hear and have feelings even if they weren’t able to show it.

In the middle of the afternoon, Chloe Morano showed up. She was one of Beth’s best friends; a really sweet girl, pretty and delicate, petite like a pixie as everyone liked to say. She had short black hair, big dark brown eyes and was Jake’s girlfriend. Along with Bernard Beautox and Amelie Callahara, they formed an inseparable quintet; all attended Broken Arrow High school—BAHS as they usually referred to it.
“Beth…” Chloe called softly from the door.
“Hi Chloe, I was getting worried.”
“Sorry, I’m late… My mom didn’t let me go until that horrible meeting was finished,” the petite girl explained while entering and sitting down on the only other chair in the room, right beside Beth.
“No problem. How did it go?”
“As well as could be expected from a bunch of old nuns. I swear my mom is getting crazier and crazier.”
“I still don’t understand why she invited them in the first place; you two are not religious.”
“Yeah, but she still thinks that I would be better in a convent than at your house. Even if she believes that Jake is like a brother to me, he is still a guy and, after my dad left her, she labeled all human males as evil.”
“She didn’t change her mind about sending you to live with me, did she?”
“Since the nuns refused to be my caretakers you are still her only choice, unless she decides not to go in search of her inner-self.” 
“I’m sorry she is such a selfish person, but you know that she loves you.”
“I know… And I’m sorry about my poor mood; I just wanted to come earlier, so that we could’ve had lunch together and…”
Her voice broke and the girl stopped before finishing the sentence about celebrating Beth’s birthday. The two of them understood each other too well, and Chloe was unable to make a comment that could cause any kind of discomfort to her friends. 
Instead, both shared a loving and silent hug, staying like that for some time. When Beth felt that her friend was going to start getting all sentimental, she broke apart and stepped back.
“Do you mind if I leave you alone with Jake for a little while? I need to go to Edgar’s office.”
“Of course I don’t mind, Beth, it has been two days since I last saw Jake, and after today…” Chloe stopped herself again, embarrassed.
“Chloe, it will not hurt me if you state the obvious! Our senior year will begin in two days, and we will only be able to see Jake on Saturdays. I know it will be difficult for both of us, but we will support each other. Plus Bern and Amie will be back tomorrow from their vacation trip, and they will help us too. We will make it through all of this, ok?”
“Sure we will, Beth.”
They hugged again, and Beth hurried out of the room, sensing that her friend wasn’t going to keep the tears away for much longer. Not that she thought it was wrong to show how one was feeling; it just wasn’t her thing.

According to the law, Beth and her twin would only be considered capable of taking care of themselves when they reached eighteen. Until then, both needed to be tutored and were forced to follow the advice and decisions of a lawful guardian; and that was the role of Edgar Sanders, their parents’ old friend and lawyer. At least he had been too busy to mess with Beth’s life; that task he gratefully handed over to the employees at the house. The lawyer only bothered her to talk about financial matters.
He had an office in an impressive building at the center of Earth Valley, but when Beth arrived there, she found out he’d had some kind of unexpected meeting elsewhere and couldn’t attend to their appointment. Instead, he had left an enormous envelope addressed to her with his secretary. Beth signed the receipt and decided only to open it at home, that way, she would be able to read whatever was inside it with her full attention. She went back to the hospital where she spent the rest of the afternoon with Chloe and Jake.
Chapter 02



The Montereys had always kept three permanent employees working and living at the house. Bruno, their handyman, was a particularly powerful-looking fellow; tall and strong, in his mid-forties, with black skin. He did all kinds of jobs, from gardening to driving and even acting as a security guard sometimes. Certainly his presence intimidated some people, and since he had once been a martial art instructor, Beth never blamed them for being scared, but he was actually very kind and considerate. Bruno had come to work for her parents almost ten years ago, and was considered family by now.
Antônia, or Toni, was their cook and also Bruno’s wife. Her skin was the same shade as cappuccino, and she was an extremely cheerful woman, with a body to die for, even though she was in her forties. She loved the twins as though they were her own children and was always ready to fulfill all their wishes or to put them in their rightful places.
The last one was Consuelo, their maid. She was a small and shy young woman with boundless energy. She always kept the house clean and bright, despite its size, and never allowed Mrs. Monterey to hire anybody else to help her. She had been with them for two years now.
Beth had sent the three of them on a day-out, and they wouldn’t be back till the next morning. She did it because she was going to be at Earth Valley all day and also because she certainly didn’t want Toni to be constantly around her trying to cheer her up.
Thus, when she parked the car in the driveway—she had forgotten the control of the garage door again—and glared at the big house, Beth almost felt sorry for sending them away. There was a whole night of loneliness ahead for her to endure.
She would never get used to living without the constant presence of her twin. “So, Jake, you better wake up soon, before I have to kick your ass to bring you back,” she muttered while entering the house, wondering if her brother would be able to sense her mood, as often seemed to happen with them before the accident.
“Hi Mom, hi Dad, I’m home.”
Not that there was anyone to answer, but she always hoped that, one of those days, she would feel something like a familiar presence, suggesting they still worried and looked out for her.
Sighing hard, Beth dropped her keys, purse and the humongous envelope on the small table near the door and went on with her usual patrol through the house, still hoping she would find some kind of presence in one of the many other rooms. She was feeling so alone that day that even the company of a ghost would have been welcome.
The house, with three floors, had been in her mother’s family since its construction, hundreds of years ago, and had suffered so many reforms over the decades that it ended up impossible to tell what its original design had been.
The garage was large enough to accommodate at least six cars and was connected to the house by a side door. They had four cars. Her parents preferred the classic ones, but the previous year Beth and Jake had been gifted with shiny new trucks with four-wheel drives, when they had turned sixteen. Attached to the garage was the workshop with basic materials for woodwork and metalwork, which was useful for some small homemade repairs, or to relieve Mr. Monterey’s occasional foul moods.
Back in the lobby, Beth went into the magnificent dining room. It looked like one of those historic ballrooms from the days when the city had been founded, and was almost never used, except for parties or business meetings. It housed a long, dark wood dinner table, with twenty seats, and several comfortable sofas surrounding four delicate coffee tables. All the furniture was harmoniously matched, separating the vast space into smaller and more welcoming ambiences.
The east wall of this room was made of glass, with a large sliding-door in the center, which opened out to reveal a large, covered porch, decorated with wicker furniture. Beyond that, a lush verdant garden and a paved footpath lead to the rear of their estate.
On the south side, the dark wood wall separated in the center, forming a wide corridor lined with doors on both sides. The first door to the right led to a big, modern kitchen. A long balcony divided it into two. The first had a table with eight seats; that’s where her family always had dinner together. On the other side was the kitchen itself with all the usual apparatus.
At the far   end of the kitchen, were two other doors. One of them opened on to a small stair and into the basement, used for general storage and where they kept a laundry-room while the other headed outside to the lateral part of the property, where the two small employee’s houses were.
Returning to the hall, in front of the kitchen was their games-room where they had a pool table, a ping-pong table, foosball table and a dartboard. Beyond this was a home cinema room with couches and poufs scattered over the floor. The rear wall was also made of glass with a sliding door in the center, leading to the covered pool area and back to the garden.
Again within the corridor, there were two more doors, but those were only toilets and Beth ignored both. At the end of the hallway, was the large stair leading to the upper floors. At the entrance of each floor there was a heavy wooden door that was usually left wide open.
The second floor was used only by guests and had a living room, a kitchen, a library and three suites.
The third floor was pretty much the same as the second, with a cozy living-room containing all sorts of things, like a huge TV, three comfy couches, several bean bags on the floor, and a bar made of dark wood in a corner. It also had a small but modern kitchen, Mr. Monterey’s office, and the three suites that were used by the family. All rooms on the second and third floors had balconies.
Beth liked the view from her balcony the most. Through it, she could see the entire property and, beyond that, the forest. It faced the east, so she could enjoy the sunrise.
Jake’s suite was on the opposite side to hers and had a view of the city; her parents’ suite stood at the end of the hall, and had a partial view of both the city and the forest. Inside their room was also the entrance to the attic, where Mrs. Monterey kept her treasures, and nobody had permission to go there.
The garden was Mrs. Monterey’s most cherished place in the whole house; it had all sorts of flowers and charming stone benches scattered around. In one corner, surrounded by delicate weeping willows, was a friendly guesthouse. It wasn’t ambitious but decidedly cozy. With a large suite, an additional smaller bedroom, a hall, bath, a living-room with soft sofas, equipped kitchen and garage. It was totally independent of the main house, offering privacy for the guests.
Following the footpath leading to the rear of the property, Beth saw the grass field where the twins practiced their archery skills. Beside it was a very long, moon-shaped building. It was only a shed, but they called it the field house. It was made entirely of zinc with a concrete floor, where the twins practiced when the weather wasn’t pleasant enough.
They had few neighbors and all of them were on the other side of the road since their estate occupied the entire block, and, with the exception of the front, their house was entirely surrounded by forest.

After finishing her patrol, Beth felt empty and depressed, like always. She searched for some snacks in the big kitchen, grabbed her things and went to her room to check her e-mail.
There were a dozen spam messages, which she deleted, a few condolences from people she didn’t know personally but who eagerly followed her achievements in the archery world and one from her coach. The last one was to be expected, since he had given her two months to cope with her loss, but he couldn’t leave her alone forever… not with the national championship getting closer. Beth made an effort and replied to the ones sent by fans but ignored her coach. She didn’t know what to say or even if she would be able to compete that year.
There was also a message from Michael Priscott, her boyfriend, and Beth smiled thinking about him.
They had been together for almost three years now, and he felt guilty for not being by her side at that time. His family had gone to the funeral of a relative in a nearby city, and his mother made him go along. It had been sudden and wasn’t supposed to be a long trip, so Beth was hoping that he would be back in a few days. She missed him, and his presence was always a comfort… when he behaved.
Michael was tall, with broad shoulders, sandy hair and sweet, blue eyes, exactly the kind of guy who caused sighs and daydreams in the school halls. Everybody seemed to think the two of them formed a perfect couple.
Well, everyone minus Jake. Her brother did not like Michael. Numerous times he had said Beth’s boyfriend was a tremendously jealous jerk, and that the only reason he was able to tolerate him was because soon enough she would find someone much better than him, and then she was going to kick Michael’s white ass. Both Amelie and Bernard shared the same opinion, but they were a lot more subtle about it.
Beth read the loving message.

Hey babe, how are you? I’m going crazy thinking about you there all alone. I miss you so much… Things here suck. I didn’t even know Aunt Edith, and now I have to do this sad face as if I am suffering because of her death! I hope you are well. You know, if you need me, I can go back at any time; you just call me. I don’t know when I will be back, in a couple of days perhaps, and then I will go straight to your house. Please take care of yourself. I love you.
Michael.

Beth answered without having much to say.
Hi Mich, things here have been the same. I’m sorry about your aunt, even if you didn’t know her… Don’t worry about me. I’m ok. I miss you terribly… I can’t wait to see you. Take care yourself too.
xoxoxoxoxo
Beth.

A blinking light at the corner of the screen told that she had a new live message; her friends, Amie and Bern, were online.
What’s up, girl? We are here on a countdown to finish this crazy trip. How’re you? – Amie and Bern.
Still taking it… Why crazy trip? – Beth
 ‘Cause our mothers think we should be a thing… They are going to drive us crazy with their schemes. It’s hell. – Amie and Bern.
Ouch! Sorry, and apart from that? – Beth
BORING! But we are already packing! Soon we will be there with you. – Amie and Bern.
When? – Beth.
Tomorrow morning. You will be at the hosp.? – Amie and Bern.
Nope! Home. Tomorrow is Sunday, and they don’t allow visitors on the ICU. – Beth
What’s up with that rule? – Amie and Bern.
Dunno, but I hired a nurse to stay all day with Jake, this way he will not be alone. What if they let all nurses take a day-off on Sundays? – Beth.
Nah, anyway, it is better not to leave him alone. We think Jake will wake up any moment. We just wanted to be there with you… This whole trip was stupid! We are downright mad that they forced us into this when you needed us the most. We aren’t children anymore! – Amie and Bern.
Don’t worry… Everything is OK. So I see you two tomorrow? – Beth.
Definitely. Ok if we stop by for lunch? – Amie and Bern
 More than ok. I will wait for you. Chloe and I both miss you a lot. – Beth.
We will drag Chloe along. Tomorrow all of us will spend some time together. See you, girl. – Amie and Bern
Yeah, see you. – Beth.

Done with that, she turned off the computer and decided to verify the contents of the envelope sent by Edgar Sanders.
There were tons of documents and jottings and, at the beginning, Beth didn’t understand anything. She had to read it all at least three times before things started to make any sense… And then Beth wished she hadn’t done it. They were totally broke. She couldn’t believe that.
So, ok, she spent a lot of money in order to bring in the best specialists to assist her brother, and the hospital bills were astonishing. Just to keep Jake in the ICU was costing an arm and a leg, with all the equipment and nurses and required care. But those things didn’t explain the full amount they owed to the bank.
There was no way her father could have been having financial problems and hidden it from them, he just wasn’t like that. Mr. Monterey had always been totally honest with his family.
Of course, there was still the life insurance, from both her parents, and Edgar had opened a case against the company that owned the small plane and was demanding the payment of double indemnity. That money should be enough to pay the debt, but the investigations weren’t over yet, and there was no way to tell when the money would be available. The crucial thing was that, at the moment, she didn’t have even a penny to pay for her own food, much less to maintain a house of that size, not to mention all the other bills.
For sure, she would have to sell her parents’ cars and some jewelry just to keep Jake in the hospital with all the equipment, and nurses and physiotherapists…
All of it could be a colossal mistake though, or a prank, but she couldn’t see Edgar doing that kind of thing with her just to have a little fun. Beth decided to call Edgar’s cell phone, to clarify the whole situation. 
After several minutes, and a lot of explanations on his part, Beth discovered that things were much worse than she had imagined. The lawyer wanted to sell the house, the only home she knew, the same house that had been in her family for generations. Yes, it had been thoroughly modified by her grandfather, but it was still the same house where her ancestors had lived their whole lives.
She couldn’t make that decision alone; it was Jake’s house too. In her despair, Beth threatened to make a scene at the bank’s doors. Her father had been an important scientist, cherished and well known throughout the world, and his name alone should be enough to grant the massive presence of the media. Surely the bank wouldn’t like that kind of publicity.
To appease her, Edgar agreed to try a negotiation with the bank and, in order to soften them, he suggested she open the house to other students, transforming it into a dormitory of sorts. She would still have to get rid of two employees, maintaining only one to be responsible for the students. He also wanted her to clear Jake’s and her parents’ rooms in order to allow for further renters.
That was the last straw. Frequently since the day of the accident, when Beth felt insecure, afraid, or frightened, a primitive and hitherto unknown anger erupted from inside of her and took full control over her being. It boiled up again now.
“Listen, Mr. Sanders”—she never called him that, since he was a close family friend, who watched the twins grow up—“Don’t you dare to rent Jake’s room; it isn’t vacant. Jake is alive. He will wake up and be back real soon, and he will find his room exactly the same way it was when he left it, do you understand? Never, ever again you dare to talk as if he were dead! And no asshole jerk will occupy my parents’ room either. If that happens, I will kick his or hers ass the hell out of here. And if you mess with Bruno or Toni it will be your ass that I’ll kick!”
Her anger was building up and getting out of control. She heard several lamps blow up all around the house, and her mirror cracked. Beth didn’t know how or why, but she knew that her anger was causing that. So she took one particularly deep breath, trying to calm down at least a little.  
“I’m serious, Edgar. If you want to rent all the other rooms, that’s fine, but nothing on the third floor. Also, both Bruno and Toni will stay. I will take care of this. Somehow I will get the money, just give me some time. Please Edgar…”
“Beth, sweetie”—she genuinely hated when he called her that, and he knew it—“Listen to me, I’d rather never do anything like this, but there are no options. You know what the doctors said about Jake; all of them have told you over and over again…” 
“Shut up, Edgar! Just shut up! I already told you that I will get the money, just give me some time, ok? Damn, I know you can do it!”
She didn’t wait for an answer, just hung up the phone and hit it hard against the bedside table; she saw the crack in the mirror expanding. I can’t lose my mind now, if I get crazy Jake will be lost, there will be no one left to look out for him. Beth thought to herself.
She went to the bathroom and splashed cold water on her face and wrists. It didn’t help, so she changed her clothes and went to the pool where she spent the next couple hours swimming as hard as she could until she felt her whole body tingling from exhaustion.
Only then she returned to her room, taking care not to step on the broken lamps. She saw the blinking light on her phone, warning that there was a message. All Jake’s nurses knew by heart her cell phone number, so probably the message was from Edgar. She totally ignored it.
The exhaustion over her body and mind was so intense now that, maybe, just maybe, she could spend the night without dreaming… Beth fell asleep before completing that thought.

Chapter 03



Beth woke up with the screams again. Tired of it all and armed with courage and determination, she remained perfectly still on the bed and forced her mind to go back to the nightmare, trying to remember what had scared her so much… But she found nothing, not a single image, only fear and anger. The sad thing was that, once she focused on those feelings, the fear became too much, and she couldn’t bear the darkness surrounding her own room. Beth turned her head to check the clock and was utterly surprised by the shock of pain that ran through her body. 
“Gosh… It sure feels as if I had been hit by a truck…” Then she remembered what had happened the previous morning, her almost accident. “No, not by a truck, just a jerk… Even if the car had passed over my body, I don’t think it would be hurting so much…”
No, it couldn’t be just the impact with the sidewalk… Something else was wrong because Beth was genuinely feeling sick. That amount of pain wasn’t normal, and that knowledge made a wave of panic shoot through her spine. She had the distinct impression that if she didn’t move at that exact second, if she didn’t stand up immediately, then she wouldn’t do it ever again. 
Making a tremendous effort, Beth was able to sit on her bed. The entire room spun, and the bed seemed to give way beneath her. It was dark, but she knew that, even if the lights were on, she wouldn’t be able to see a thing. Groaning aloud, Beth hung her head between her legs and waited for the ground beneath her feet to stop swinging.
Finally, when the room felt like a stable place again, she glanced at the clock and saw that it had passed ten minutes from four o’clock. She had spent a whole ten minutes just getting into a sitting position without wobbling.
Moving slowly, with considerable difficulty and pain, Beth managed to crawl to the bathroom. Stopping in front of the mirror, again she thought that there was something strange about her eyes. They seemed to be greener and brighter, almost as if they were self-luminous. It disappeared so fast that she wondered whether she had been imagining things.
After a long shower, Beth felt a little better and stopped inside the walk in closet in order to dress. It wasn’t six o’clock yet, but the air was already becoming sultry, meaning the day ahead was going to be extremely hot.  She wore black lycra shorts, a black top and black sneakers, after all she’d just stay at home practicing, and the drawer with her black clothes was the closest to the door (yeah, she always separated her clothes by colors, so what?).
Beth looked at the case with her new bow as if for the first time, and became lost in memories—recalling the last time they all had been together…

“Liz, honey, are you in there?” Her father knocked on her door. He was the only one to call her that, and only when they were alone.
“Yeah, come in, Dad,” she shouted from the bathroom turning off the hairdryer.
“Are you sure you don’t want to come with us? We are going to leave soon…” Mr. Monterey leaned against the door, watching her with curiosity.
“Absolutely sure, I really want to go to this party… Plus I’ll go tomorrow morning with Michael. You will not be missing me for long.” Beth smiled, walking to him and giving her dad a crushing hug.
“Are the two of you planning to spend the night together?” Her dad asked, gently pushing her from him to look at her face and judge if she would lie to him.
“Dad! Of course not! Why would you think such a thing?” Beth stepped back, putting her hands on her hips and glared at her father, making sure to show all the annoyance she was feeling.
But to tell the truth, Michael had tried to convince her to do exactly that when they were talking on the phone a little earlier, and she had bitten his head off because of that. He had been getting bolder in the last few months and didn’t understand why Beth was so reluctant to take the next step in their relationship.
“I was young once, you know? I see the way he looks at you.” 
Beth stared at her father, and he quickly changed the subject, accepting her word on the matter. “Your brother seems to be seriously unhappy since Chloe isn’t coming with us, but Mrs. Morano didn’t let her, even after your mom talked to her.”
“Yeah, I heard, and to be honest I’m quite surprised that mom wasted time calling her. We all know Mrs. Morano extremely well; I’ve talked to Jake about it. After the summer break, she will go overseas, and Chloe will live with us for a whole year; he should be setting off fireworks thinking about it instead of moping around just because of two months…”
“I don’t like that they are dating without Mrs. Morano’s knowledge, but I promised your mother… Anyway they will not make a party out of this situation; I will make sure of that.” He sounded deadly serious, but his eyes were smiling.
That’s the way he was, supportive yet strict, and always followed his instincts. But above all he trusted his children to make the right decisions.
“Come on, Dad, I’m going downstairs to say goodbye to all of you, or else you will flunk the ride on the ‘imperial-jet’.” 
That was how Beth referred to the jet plane owned by the company where her father worked. He was one of the most influential directors of Pharmacon, the biggest pharmaceutical company in the world, and it wasn’t a secret that his scientist’s brain was behind the most notable discoveries, including the new drugs that had caused the company to grow considerably since his admittance.
“Wait, Liz, we still have some time, and I would like to give you something before we go.”
“Dad, I don’t need money…”
“No, honey, it’s your birthday present. I finished it a few days ago, and I don’t want to wait till the end of the summer in order to give it to you.” He went to the hallway for an instant and came back carrying a long leather case by the handles.
“Dad…” Beth couldn’t say anything else. She hugged her father, and jumped on the case eager to find what wonders were hiding inside of it.
It was a simple, one-piece recurve bow, all made of wood; there was no fiber glass, stabilizer, sight, clicker, pivot point, arrow rest or even a single screw. The riser had been meticulously worked and, at the inner part, the name Liz had been engraved. Beth had never seen anything so beautiful and perfect before. Attached at the sides of the case were two black leather quivers full of arrows, made of the same wood as the bow totaling sixty arrows… And he had made all of that; she recognized his handwork.
Unable to say anything, Beth stood there just staring. Mr. Monterey knew her exceptionally well, and was aware that her silence was a sign of her emotional state, so he waited patiently while she struggled with her feelings.
“This is simply astounding… Dad… You shouldn’t…” Her words weren’t getting through her throat, but her father knew she wouldn’t cry. His little Liz never cried. He didn’t know if that was an admirable thing or not; she just had been that way ever-since her childhood. “You did it, didn’t you? What kind of wood is this? It’s so beautiful…”
“The wooden is Osage orange, and yes, I did it. It took me several months and a number of failures I will never reveal. I know you want to win the World Championship, and I have no doubt that you will, but I also know your love of freedom. This is my way to tell you that there is no problem in being who you want to be, or doing what you want to do if you are not hurting or prejudicing anyone in the process. You are the fastest archer I ever saw and this bow will allow you to master the technique. Just don’t say anything to your coach.” His voice was full of pride, and Beth knew her father was her biggest fan. “This one is a little different from what you are used to and requires more physical strength. I have been noticing how strong you are growing and, based on that, I calculated the draw weight at 60lbs. Anyway, I figured you would want to start practicing as soon as possible.”
“Dad, this is the best present I ever got!!! It is perfect!!” She gave her father a generous hug. 
Beth was so used to having the best of everything she wanted… Her parents’ gifts had always been ridiculously expensive, and now she had received something made by the hands of her own father… She was already in love with it and couldn’t be happier.
“What about Jake?”
“I made two of them. He already received his, but I don’t think he was as excited as you about it.”
They went down, and she said goodbye to everyone with a large grin on her face, feeling so happy… If only she had known… If only she could have imagined that it would be the last time…
Since then, the case had been there, hidden in the farthest corner of her closet, completely forgotten.

Beth shook her head and brought her thoughts back to the present. She grabbed the handle of the case and was leaving her room when the insistent blinking light on the phone caught her attention, a subtle reminder that Edgar had left a message last night. She thought about ignoring it, but really, what was the point?
Three times… She had needed to hear the message three times to believe in what it was saying, and then she was feeling furious again.
Edgar had already rented the guesthouse, even before she had caught the damn envelope at his office… And to a total stranger; the guy was not even from the town. Someone called Leon Greese. That was why the coward dog wasn’t in his office at the appointed time; he hadn’t had the courage to confront her face to face. Leon could be some psycho serial-killer for all she knew about him. The name seemed to be somehow familiar—but it could be because she heard it in some creepy police investigation that had reached the news.
“And he is moving in today! TODAY!! Oh, thank you for the heads up Edgar!” Beth muttered under her breath while seething from the inside.
Without wanting to know anything else, she picked up the case and went to the main kitchen after some much needed caffeine. Toni was already there.
“Good morning kid, how was yesterday?”
“Yesterday… was normal, I think… at least until night…”
“What happened?” the mulatto asked, worried.
“Just a few problems with Edgar…” Beth didn’t want to go into details; it was all she could do to control her anger. “I don’t want to talk about it now.”
“Okay… so… about what do you want to talk?” Toni was smart and knew better than to force the issue.
“Edgar rented the guesthouse for someone called Leon Greese, and I think he will be moving in today. Could you please take care of this? You know, show him things and hand over the keys? I certainly don’t want to deal with him, at least not right now.”
“You don’t seem happy about that…”
“No, Toni, I’m downright pissed! But I will not think about it now. Ah, and I almost forgot, the rest of the gang will be here for lunch. Would you mind preparing something decidedly light to eat? I don’t think my stomach can handle anything heavy or spicy today.”
 “All right honey, do not worry about anything. Bruno and I will handle everything around here.”
“Thanks, if you need something I’ll be on the field.”
“Go ahead and take care.”

At least the intense pain in her body had dimmed to a dull ache, probably replaced by the new wave of fury. 
Beth walked slowly down to the field, trying to calm the uncontrollable rage that was building up with every passing second. What was wrong with her? Never in her life had she felt something so strongly, it was as if the anger and depression were being forced into her, from the outside instead of being a part of her, and it was too much, giving her the impression that it was about to explode at any moment.
“Do not go imagining things, Beth; it is normal to feel unbalanced after losing your family so suddenly. The doctors told you that.” She chastised her shadow without stopping her walk. 
Besides, at the moment everything was wrong. There was nothing left in its rightful place, nothing to be used as a parameter to aid in the reconstruction of her life. Even while trying to convince herself that the things happening to her were normal and expected, deep down Beth knew she was falling apart, losing her mind, and if she lost control, if she allowed her mind to go crazy, then Jake would lose everything too. She could never, ever allow that to happen.
So when Beth reached the white line painted in the grass field marking the appropriate range for her, she let herself take longer than was actually needed to prepare her new bow, which was a hard thing to do seeing that it only needed to be strung before being ready to use.
Once done, she was momentarily distracted by studying it, feeling the perfect balance of its weight. She tried, with all her might, to relax and to focus solely on the present and on the bow in her hands.
Giving an experimental shot, Beth found out that her new bow was much more potent than the professional ones she normally used and heavier. She also verified that, indeed, the pull demanded much more from her muscles, which satisfied her to no end, even the arrows were perfect. Unfortunately, her hands were still trembling, making it impossible to aim accurately… The effects of the nightmares had never taken so long to disappear.
After a few minutes, besides being angry, Beth was also highly frustrated. She emptied her two quivers and didn’t get any straight shots. Sixty arrows and not a single one hit the gold circle on the colored target, much less the little “x” that marked the exact center of it. On ordinary days, she almost always hit close enough to it and sometimes she actually hit it.
The targets were fixed in a wall of hay, accurately 70 meters away from where she was standing. She walked up to the one she had been aiming at, gathered the arrows one by one and walked back, discretely scanning the area. 
Since the accident, Beth had been having this feeling—as though someone was watching her from afar, but she had never been able to see anything that confirmed such suspicion. So she shook the creepy feeling off, studied the targets for some time and felt the fury rising again. Hell! Not even the bow is being able to relieve me today.
Then a thought occurred to her and she decided to change tactics. Instead of trying to control her anger, she would release it with all her strength. So, Beth walked over two more grass marks; now the targets were at 90 meters’ distance. It was an exclusively male range, but she usually could achieve darned respectable scores with her old bow. 
That made her feel resentful toward the Mundial Championship’s rules. Why not be allowed to shoot from that range if she had already proved to be perfectly able to do so? Wasn’t it enough being forced to compete only among other girls? That was so unfair… 
But Beth didn’t want to think about that. At that moment all she wanted was to test the real power behind her new bow, and her fury.
Beth checked her posture, adjusted the three arrows on her right hand, put one of them on the right place, drew the string till it almost touched her ear, aimed and, just when she was going to release the arrow, she heard a car entering and stopping in front of the guest house. The rage built up easily then. She loosened her fingers and released the string. The arrow flew to the target. The other two were cutting through the air even before the first one reached it.
The three arrows hit the target, but too far away from the bull’s eye. Two of them hit the red circle, and only one hit the yellow one, but barely. If she had been in a competition, she would have achieved the shameful score of 25. The fury didn’t explode as she wanted; it kept growing inside of her.
After trying several times, Beth kept achieving the same lame results. Her anger was still there, refusing to be set loose. Why couldn’t she just redirect that obnoxious feeling? Then she understood. She wasn’t angry with the target board.
Taking a few steps to the side, Beth positioned herself in front of a clean target. Ok so let’s put a face on this one, Beth thought, but which face? Exactly with whom she was really angry? Edgar? He was the messenger, not the perpetrator of her problems, but that didn’t matter. He’d put a stranger into her house, without talking to her first. He’d insinuated that Jake… She didn’t have to finish that thought; the fury was already cracking in her ears, sparking around her.
She heard cautious footsteps approaching on the grass and knew it was the new resident of her house. Too bad she didn’t know what he looked like, or else she could put his face on the target instead of Edgar’s. 
Refusing to acknowledge the intruder, Beth concentrated on the image of the lawyer: short, slightly overweight, a baldness starting to appear on top of his head parting his brown hair into two distinct sides, an annoying mustache, round glasses that now and then slipped down the bridge of his brawny nose… More crackling sounded around her. She felt the hair on the nape of her neck begin to rise in goose bumps. 
Something happened with her sight and suddenly Beth could actually see the little ‘x’ she had put on all her targets, a thing that was supposed to be impossible since they were too far away. Her hands stabilized, and she pulled the string. Her strength seemed to have grown so much in that single second that the effort needed to pull the string disappeared entirely. It was as if she was holding a string from a 10lbs bow… 
Beth didn’t have time to ponder any of those things because, at that exact moment, a smooth and husky voice sounded from behind her. “I can see that your knee is much better today… I’m glad, and I have to say, you are the perfect picture of a true warrior!”
Puzzling, yet beautiful gray eyes flashed in front of her, completely replacing the mental image of Edgar. Her anger exploded with an almost nuclear force, making her hands shake violently (or had it been the ground?) at the exact moment she let the arrow fly.
Something went terribly wrong, and the string flew straight at her arm, causing another explosion, only this time it was of pain.
She had missed. She lost the arrow. After years of exhausting, hard training, she had missed a shot. How come? Why?
But no… The arrow was accurate, hitting not only the gold circle, but the exact center of the minuscule ‘x’, and when it hit—it exploded, literally, destroying the target and a great part of the wall, leaving only a little hay floating in the air. Her brand new wooden arrow had been totally obliterated in the process.
The pain in her left arm grew so strong that Beth couldn’t ignore it anymore. Only now Beth knew it wasn’t hurting because of the string since she didn’t miss the shot. No, the excruciating pain she was feeling was the pain of her anger when released.
And man, that really hurt. It was burning. Without the courage to take off her armguard to see what was happening to her arm, Beth let her body drop to the soft grass with her eyes closed. She laid down with her belly up, biting her lower lip struggling to contain the scream surfacing in her throat.
“Uh, do you train with explosive points?” asked Mr. Asshole who Beth now knew was called Leon, her new renter.
“Nope, it was just a simple arrow,” she answered without opening her eyes. Her arm was burning as if it was actually on fire, and it was getting worse with each passing second.
“Okay, so what happened?” She easily could imagine him raising an eyebrow, waiting for an explanation as if she actually had one.
“How can I know? It must be someone’s idea of a good laugh, a prank from some devilish kid using heavy fireworks. Whatever it was, it made me lose a really good arrow.” Yes, it was a reasonable explanation, only if she could believe in it herself…
The pain was now spreading throughout her body, and she felt as sick as she had been earlier that day. Only now she was hurting so much she didn’t dare to move a finger.
“You know… Looking at you lying there like that, I can’t stop replaying our first meeting… And I’m starting to have some exciting ideas…” He said, clearly mocking her.
Oh holy, seriously? Doesn’t this spawn-from-hell have anything else to do? Like unpack? Why is he still here? Why, for God’s sake, doesn’t he just go away? Even the act of thinking was causing the pain to increase, and all she wanted was to rest, but she needed to avoid that darkness that was starting to envelope her.
Grinding her teeth, she said curtly. “You must think better; I’m still armed.”
Her left hand still held the bow, but she couldn’t move it, even to save her own life. Regardless, she managed to make a move with her right one, showing the remaining two arrows with highly lethal steel points firmly held between her fingers. The only problem was her hand was shaking a little too much for her threat to sound serious.
“Hum… You don’t look very well… Should I get someone?” Suddenly all mockery had vanished from his voice, and he sounded almost concerned.
“Don’t. I just exaggerated on my training. The bow is new, and I’m not used to it yet. I just need some rest.” She tried to sound as casual and strong as possible, despite her current situation.
She knew that she was in real bad shape, without an inch of energy left, and wouldn’t be able to utter another single word. The darkness was approaching and Beth couldn’t find in her the strength to resist it anymore, even if she still could feel his gaze on her.
Beth heard his footsteps moving away toward the target boards and finally allowed herself to be caught by the threatening darkness.
She was entering the void, embracing the nothingness, when she felt someone opening her armguard. She distantly heard the person gasping and then cursing, but didn’t care to know who it was nor what caused that strange reaction.
Then she heard a soft whisper in her ear. A sweet voice, full of concern and Beth struggled against unconsciousness wanting to understand what it was saying.
“Liz? Liz, can you hear me? Please, Liz!”
She moaned, struggling to hear. Only her father called her Liz, but it wasn’t him. That voice seemed to be softer, younger, and sounded almost as a caress… It was persistent, urgent as if it was also in pain, like her.
“Liz, please, this is extremely serious! You have to draw your strength from the earth. With every breath you take, you have to pull the life from the earth inside of you. Imagine its bright, healing energy entering your body together with the air… Please, Liz, you have to do as I say. I can’t do it alone, I need your help! I know you can do it!”
That voice again… Was he worried about her? Was he suffering because of her… or with her? She didn’t want him to suffer. She wanted him to call her Liz again, with that soft, comforting tone… So she did what the voice was asking and, when she did, she felt the power of the earth invading her and mixing with her whole being, relaxing the grip of the pain and pushing off the darkness, at the same time embracing, soothing and calming her.
She continued doing it while the loving voice, now more serene, spoke: “That’s right, Liz; you’re doing well, and you will be ok, just keep it up a little more, but don’t do that again! It’s too dangerous!”
This time she managed to answer in a whisper, “I needed… It was eating me from inside…”
“I know, but something is not right… Don’t do it again, please. Remember to breathe with the earth, it purifies you. Whenever you feel the need, lie down on the grass and breathe with the earth. I’m here now. I’ll take care of you, my brave Liz… Now, rest…”
And she fell asleep, lulled by the voice in her dreams.
Chapter 04




When Beth woke up, she was lying on the wicker couch on the back porch in front of her mother’s garden. Her leather case and bow were on the floor beside her and inside the case were her quivers with all the arrows. How in hell did I end up here? Did that apprentice-of-the-Devil named Leon carry me? What happened? She was confused and couldn’t remember… It seemed that her brain was mixing reality with a dream and the result was a colossal mess.
“Ah, little Beth, I’m glad you are awake. Toni asked me to bring you a glass of orange juice. It seems you ended up overdoing it in your exercises today, and we were extremely concerned.”
Bruno’s voice, strong and with a heavy accent, startled her so badly she actually jumped and spun around. Her employee and friend stood in the doorway carrying a tray and looking carefully at her, making sure she had no injuries or signs of any illness, like a real parent.
“Thanks, Bruno. You don’t need to worry; I’m fine. Can you leave the tray on the table? I’ll take it back in a minute,” Beth said with what she thought was a warm smile. Beth didn’t want them to worry about her. She sat on the couch and asked casually, “Do you know where Leon is?”
“Mr. Greese? He left about an hour or so ago. He said that he should be back by tomorrow. Is everything alright?”
That was strange since he had just arrived… Oh well, better this way. After all, just the thought of him, living there, was enough to make her feel ill again. She bit her lower lip and swallowed a lump in her throat, bracing herself before her next unpleasant task. “Could you call Consuelo for me?” If she had to fire someone, the girl was her only option, and the sooner the matter was solved the better for all of them.
Bruno scratched his head. “I don’t know what happened to her. She received a call, picked up her belongings and walked away, just like that. She didn’t even give us any explanation, just said that she would settle things with Mr. Sanders later.”
“She is gone?”
“Yes.”
“Thanks, Bruno.” 
She thought about it for a minute while drinking her juice but ended up letting it slide: she had other matters to occupy her mind.
Beth gathered her things and went to her room. Now that she was fully awake, her mind was spinning with all the strange things that had just happened.
She actually had destroyed that target! How was it even possible? She remembered the feeling as if there had been an energy field around her before releasing the arrow. What if, somehow, she had managed to channel that energy into the arrow? Would she be able to do that again? No way! Note to self: Releasing anger equals a lot of pain. That lesson had been learned, and the memory was still remarkably fresh, so no more trying.
At least she was feeling much better now; the anger—that had been consuming her lately—was gone. She still could feel it deep down, but apparently it was relatively dormant.
Remembering the excruciating pain in her arm, she examined it closely, expecting to find her skin and flesh totally melted, but no, the only thing there was a relatively small burn on her inner wrist, with an unusual design… in no way able to generate such pain.
It appeared to be formed by several spirals all connected by a large circle, right on top of a small birthmark that both she and Jake had. Undoubtedly it had an intriguing pattern, it was red and sensitive but not hurting, and Beth couldn’t imagine how she had done it.
After analyzing it for a few minutes, she shrugged. That burn mark was going on to her list of the current unsolved strange things occurring around her and that she had neither time nor disposition to try to explain. Searching among her drawers, Beth found a black handkerchief and tied it around her wrist, to conceal the mysterious mark. While doing it, she heard the doorbell and soon enough was running downstairs with a big smile on her face.
Beth found her friends on the back porch she had left just moments before. Bernard was outstanding with his new tan. He had short and messy-looking brown hair, almost the same color as his eyes. Tall and very strong, he was quite a big guy, with all his six point five feet. He also was the goalie of the water polo team in their school, and the most even minded person Beth had ever met. There was only one thing capable of fazing him, and it was if someone threatened his friends; he was even more protective with the girls.
Amelie was also remarkably tanned and had lost weight. She had always been a little chubby, now she looked more like one of those beautiful blondes on the magazine covers. She was about the same height as Beth, with straight hair, so thin and blonde it resembled liquid silver, falling just below her shoulders. Her hazel eyes were just like her, full of energy and happiness.
Even when she was a little over her ideal weight, the blonde had been the star of their track team. Beth could only imagine how fast she could run now that she was in form.
And between them was their little Chloe, the pixie of the group, all of 5.2ft. But her size was deceiving… That was what all her opponents had said after facing her on the tatami. This petite girl was the female version of Bruce Lee, while Jake was the reincarnation of the real one.
Beth had barely walked through the door and was already being lifted in the air and crushed by Bernard’s strong arms. He spun her around a couple times, laughing out loud, and then it was time for Amelie and Chloe to crush her in an almost suffocating embrace.
They talked animatedly for a while then went to the kitchen to savor the excellent meal prepared by Tony. The atmosphere only became a little tense when the conversation floated in the direction of Jake. The fact that there wasn’t any improvement in his clinical condition brought a little cloud of sadness to the kitchen, and they quickly changed the subject.
After lunch, they went to the sitting room on the third floor, the best in everyone’s opinion. With her friends finally there to provide support, Beth felt much safer and, in less than an hour, she had told them everything Edgar had said and done, including her current financial situation. They had been friends for almost ten years now and there were very few secrets between them.
The five of them formed a close group and the problem of one was the problem of all. They took care of each other regardless of their real families. Certainly, venting her problems decreased the weight Beth carried on her shoulders.
“Hey, you know my uncle owns the car dealership downtown. If you want, I can handle it for you,” Bernard volunteered as soon as Beth told them that she would have to sell her parents’ cars.
“Of course I want! That’ll be minus one thing on my mind, thank you so much, Bern!” she said, kissing him on his cheek.
“And about the jewelry you said you wanted to sell? The thing is, my mother’s cousin is the owner of that fancy jewelry store in Earth Valley. If you want, I can ask her to make an appointment for you. I can even assure you that she can get a fair offer for it,” Amelie said, jumping up and down on the couch.
“That’s wonderful, Amie! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!” Beth shrieked, hugging her friend tightly.
“And me… I don’t want to hear any discussion; I’ll pay for Jake’s extra nurse, this way he’ll not be left alone on Sundays,” Chloe offered with a dead serious look on her pretty face.
“No way, Chloe! I can’t let you do that! It’s not fair!” Beth protested.
“Beth, are you forgetting that he is my boyfriend? Just thinking about him all alone in that room is enough to make me overly distressed and, honestly, I can afford it, you know I can. Every month my father sends me that ridiculous amount of money to compensate for his absence in my life… Please, let me do it, for my own sake?”
“Okay, okay, I know you’ll not change your mind no matter what I say… So, thank you, this surely will put my mind at ease… God, I have no idea what I would do without you guys… I was almost losing my mind trying to solve all this…”
After countless hugs and thanks, Beth and Chloe went to the safe in her father’s office to retrieve the boxes with the jewelry to start cataloging them. Her parents had always loved the most exquisite gems, so they had many of those; add to that the family heirlooms and soon they had arms full of expensive boxes. While they organized them, Bernard and Amelie made their respective calls in order to fulfill their promises.
The afternoon flew by, and it was already quite late when Beth walked her friends to the front door.
“Turns out we didn’t even get to meet your mysterious guest,” Amelie complained, pouting a little, with a mischievous spark in her eyes. “You said he was about our age… So, come on, you have to tell us, is he hot?”
Beth rolled her eyes. “I don’t think so.” As soon as the words were out of her mouth she frowned. Why was she lying? Of course Leon was hot, he was the hottest guy she knew, and, yeah, the most annoying too, but there was no reason to lie to her friends. “I mean… Yeah, he is kinda hot, in a way… But my advice is not to let it go to your head. He is not a pleasant person, and who knows? He could still be some psycho-perv-serial killer-disguised-as-a-super-model kind of guy. What I do know is that he is extremely obnoxious, and arrogant, and snooty. And he is not my guest, he is a renter.” She was suddenly angry again.
“Whoa, okay, we got it, calm down,” Amelie said with her arms up. She seemed to be apologetic enough, but there was something strange in her gaze. Beth failed to interpret the meaning of that look since it was gone as soon as she noticed it, and then Bern was jumping in front of her, incarnating his overprotective mode, clenching his hands into fists, ready to slice Leon in two. “What did he do? Did he offend you? If that little bastard thinks he can come here and—“
“—It’s all right, Bern; he didn’t do anything. I swear.” Beth frantically tried to calm her friend, but Bernard wasn’t listening, so she sighed and briefly told them what happened when she first met Leon.
Beth honestly didn’t feel comfortable talking about Leon. She just decided she didn’t like him and that she totally wanted to ignore his presence on her property, but apparently, to her friends, the fact that he supposedly saved her life was enough to turn him into some kind of hero.
“He seems to be really nice, Beth. After all, he went out of his way just to help you, and he could have been hurt doing it, too,” Chloe said, cautiously.
“I totally agree; besides he is hot! What girl wouldn’t want a hot new guy wandering around in her backyard?” Amelie smiled, probably forming some crazy, full of sex setting inside of that dirty mind of hers. Seriously, there couldn’t have been another girl so boy-crazy as she.
“If you like them cocky, arrogant and stupid, be my guest. You can take him to your house, this way I will not have to have my house invaded by strangers.” She was seriously trying to control her temper, but it was a difficult task.

The next day, Beth went to Earth Valley instead of going to school. Amelie’s mother had managed to secure an appointment with her cousin, but it had to be done during the morning since the woman was going to leave the city early in the afternoon.
The store was highly sophisticated and within its display cases were the most beautiful jewels Beth had ever seen in her life, which helped her to distract herself during the couple of hours Mrs. Tuddor—the owner—took to examine the ones she had brought.
“They are great, Elizabeth, but from what you told me, I understand you need to sell the entire lot and get paid in cash, is that right?” the woman asked, urging Beth to sit beside her.
“Yes it is, Mrs. Tuddor. Unfortunately, it’s an emergency and I do need the money ASAP,” Beth answered truthfully.
“Oh honey, it’s just Judith, please, and I know all about the tragedy that befell your family. Poor thing. These last months have been extremely difficult for you… You still are so young… I wish I could help you, but the truth is I just bought a whole new collection, and at the moment, I don’t have the funds to purchase yours. If only it weren’t so urgent… On the other hand, I’m sure that if you weren’t desperate you would never sell them.”
Beth flinched. She didn’t like the pity she could see in Mrs. Tuddor’s eyes and hear in her voice. Yes, she was almost desperate, she was an orphan now, her brother was in a coma, and she had no idea how she would manage to keep him in the hospital, but she would find a way.
She was her parents’ daughter. She was Elizabeth Monterey, the youngest person to ever have won the title of National Champion in more than one category, and she had done it twice already. She was their best hope for gold in the next world championship. This wasn’t a task that was easily accomplished; she had worked extremely hard to make it, and now she needed to show the same determination and do whatever she needed to take care of Jake, too.
So Beth swallowed her pride and her irrational anger and glued a big smile on her face, answering the woman with all her charm.
“No ma’am. I would never sell them if I didn’t need to. You see, some of them belonged to my great-grandmother, made especially for her... Those are irreplaceable.”
“I met your parents once at a party here in town. Your mother was divine of course but what caught my attention was a brooch she was wearing… diamonds and emeralds… I never forget a jewel and that one specifically was a work of art, actually a tremendously valuable one, nearly as expensive as this whole lot together. I’d like to buy it for myself, but I’m not seeing it now… It must have an enormous sentimental value to you. Sorry, I didn’t mean to pry. You know what? I’ll make some calls and see if I can find a suitable buyer for you. Is that okay? It certainly is a remarkable lot.”
“Thank you so much, Mrs.… I mean Judith. I’ll be here for a few more hours so if you do find someone you can just call me, that is if you don’t mind, of course,” Beth said, suppressing a laugh. The fact that Amelie and Judith were blood related was pretty obvious since both shared the same problem, something Beth called ‘super-hyper-accelerated-babbling’. It was devilishly hard to get everything they were saying at times. The brains of ordinary people couldn’t keep pace with the speed of their chatter.
“I don’t want to push, but could I ask for one more favor?” Beth pressed on, seeing that the woman was getting ready to return to her work. “Could I leave my jewels in your safe while I visit my brother? I don’t want to leave them in the car…”
“Sure you can, honey, we can’t have them stolen now, can we? I’ll take them to my office and give you a receipt just in case I’m already gone when you return. Now go see your brother and don’t worry, they will be safe here.” Judith shooed her off gently.

Once in Jake’s room, Beth kissed his forehead and sat on the chair beside his bed. She began to read the news to him and eventually fell asleep, her head resting on his bed, the constant beep-beep coming from the machines attached to him assuring her that he was still alive. 
The nightmare of that night seemed to have been particularly distressing since she was so exhausted, but that didn’t stop her from waking up startled when the nurse came to check on Jake.
“Sorry Beth, I didn’t want to wake you up,” the nurse said, smiling and making notes on a clipboard.
 “No problem, Sarah, I didn’t intend to sleep… I think I’ve been more tired than I realized.” Beth returned the smile easily. That nurse was one of Beth’s favorites since she was very fond of her brother and was always trying to make him as comfortable as possible.
“I bet, and it’s understandable, this isn’t an easy situation. You should go home, take a long shower and rest. If there is any change at all, I’ll call you immediately.” Sarah gave her a pat on the shoulder and guided her to the door.

When Beth finally returned to Judith’s place, the woman was already gone, but she left a message with her manager. A friend of hers, some kind of jewelry dealer, would be at Harshville the next day, and he was extremely interested in Beth’s jewels. It seems that Judith had sent photos of the jewels and even got him to make a generous offer covering the entire lot, with payment in cash which was remarkably rare. 
He would do this as a personal favor to Judith, but Beth couldn’t care less about his motives. She could barely believe her luck. The money wouldn’t be enough to pay the bank, but it would certainly be enough to buy them some more time to raise the remaining amount.
Chapter 05




The screams again, fear, anger, and more screams. Beth knew it was only a nightmare; she struggled to get out of it, but the darkness was too heavy. It had her trapped, caged in her own despair. The more she fought to free herself, the greater the pressure of the darkness became. It was draining her, feeding on her and her only hope was to break free and wake up. She knew she was screaming but was totally unable to stop.
Then, somewhere amid her screams, she heard that sweet voice again, the same voice she had heard in her dreams… She couldn’t understand what it was saying, but it was clearing the darkness, taking her away from the nightmare and, finally, her screams began to subside.
Lost somewhere between dream and reality, she felt someone holding her tightly and, at the same time, gently stroking her back, calming her shaking body. 
Clouded by the recent horror, her brain refused to return to reality, and she let herself drown in the serenity and security of that moment. For one minute, she dared to believe that her father—or Jake—was holding her and that everything would be alright.
The fog of the dream was dissipating, and slowly her mind began to clear, bringing her back to her room. Beads of sweat trickled down her skin, sticking her t-shirt to her back. She inhaled slowly, letting her racing heart settle, and blinked a few times to help her disoriented mind to adjust.
Almost fully awake now, Beth realized something was wrong. She wasn’t alone in her room. Heck, she wasn’t alone in her bed. Someone was sitting beside her, firmly restraining her arms and telling her to wake up. She prepared to scream again.
“Calm down. It’s just me, Leon.” His voice was low and stable, but he was angry.
“Leon? What are you doing? How did you get in here?” He was still holding her arms, not hurting her but using force enough to immobilize her, and she began to panic again. What if he intended to attack her? Could she fight him? Sure, he was strong, but she wasn’t weak. She was an athlete and, thanks to Chloe and her brother, she also knew how to defend herself.
Then something caught her attention. Yes, he was immobilizing her, and wasn’t exactly being gentle, but he wasn’t looking at her. His hands weren’t trying to run through her body; in fact, they hadn’t moved at all. His focus was locked onto something else…
She blinked a few times, to adjust her eyes while trying to understand what Leon was really doing. He was still looking at the balcony, completely motionless as if searching for something in the shadows, but there was nothing there.  
Now that she knew this wasn’t a rape attempt—she still hadn’t discarded the possibility of a murder attempt by quartering, but to do so he would have to release her in order to grab some kind of weapon—her anger began to build up. She cleared her throat and tried to free her arms.
“Let me go! What the hell are you doing in my room?”
Leon ignored her question and didn’t let her go, but he looked at her, concerned and angry at the same time. “Are you okay? He didn’t hurt you, did he? Where did he go?”
Beth didn’t understand the meaning of his questions and just looked blankly at him. What the hell? Seeing her confusion, Leon checked her briefly, probably looking for injuries and, after releasing her, he started checking her room, searching for only God knew what.
He looked inside her bathroom, between her clothes in her walk-in closet, and even under her bed. He went to the balcony, searched the corners and then measured the distance to the roof with his eyes.
Leon left her room and seemed to be checking in other places. Beth was still frozen in her bed. Was he mental? What if he had escaped some padded cell and had straitjackets in his luggage? Really? She had said that he could be a psycho, but deep down she knew he wasn’t. So what was going on then?
Then realization struck her. Leon had seen something; there was someone else inside the house and that’s what he was searching for.
She jumped out of bed, took her robe from the back of a chair in the corner and hurried after Leon, joining him in his quest through the house, trying to move as quietly as possible.
They searched the entire house and didn’t find anything out of place, not even a single speck of dust, let alone ‘Jack the ripper’. Now they were in the kitchen and Beth was walking to the counter to make some coffee, when she saw that the back door had been broken. She reached for Leon’s arm and squeezed it. He tensed, followed her gaze and then relaxed.
“Yeah, that’s how I got in, sorry.” But he didn’t sound like he was feeling sorry at all.
Beth took a deep breath, attempting to keep her anger at bay. She made coffee, poured it into two mugs, took them to the table, sat down and waited for him to join her. Only then she looked at him and, after taking another deep breath to make sure her voice wouldn’t fail, she spoke.
“Okay, can you explain exactly what is happening here? You made me think that someone had broken into the house, but the only burglar here seems to be you.” She certainly didn’t sound as calm as she wanted to.
And sure enough she wasn’t the only one there who was distressed. Just minutes before, Leon had been looking like an enraged animal, his eyes darting around the place, muscles all tensed, seeming ready to face a bloody fight, yet now all his poise was gone, he looked confused and lost.
“But I saw it! There was someone standing by your window… Then he went inside and you started screaming… I broke in because I thought he was attacking you.” He was speaking so low that Beth was forced to lean across the table in order to hear him.
“What are you talking about, Leon? There’s nobody here, and there’s no way to reach my balcony from outside the house and no one was attacking me!” Maybe he was mental after all.
“But you were screaming the hell out of you! If you weren’t being attacked, then why were you so scared?” Leon asked with confusion in his eyes.
Seeing that there was no real threat, Beth started to feel her fury beginning to boil inside her veins. It was trying to surface, powerful and blinding, much worse than before. She had learned—the hard way—to never let it take control over her again, so she needed to calm down.
Without looking at Leon, Beth went to the sink, threw cold water on her face, and then took several deep breaths swallowing her anger. Her hands were shaking more than ever, making her look like someone who suffered from Parkinson’s disease. With the corner of her eyes, she saw that Leon had noticed it too and crossed her arms to hide them from him.
She also noticed that, besides her trembling hands, there were no other symptoms left by the nightmare… Beth wasn’t feeling sick and there was no pain. Actually, that was the first time she was able to wake up in the middle of it, and she knew beyond doubt that Leon was responsible for that. It dawned on her that all that commotion in the middle of the night—including a much damaged door—was due to her screams. Were they that bad? 
When the nightmares started, Tony and Bruno insisted she needed to see a doctor. They were terrified, thinking she wouldn’t endure her loss, but now they seemed to be more at ease and had stopped running to her room every night.
Well, Leon would have to get used to it too if he wanted to continue living there. “I have nightmares, Leon. Sorry if I woke you up, I’d like to say that it will not happen again, but that would be a lie…”
“You didn’t wake me. I was looking at your balcony when you began screaming.” He was silent for a moment and then asked, “So, your nightmares, they are frequent?”
“Yes, I have them every night,” Beth answered, returning to the table. She still had her arms crossed in front of her chest.
“From what I heard, they must be extreme. Your hands are shaking…” Leon seemed genuinely concerned for her, and this disarmed her a little bit. “How long has this been happening?
“Since my par… I mean… Two months or so.”
Leon raised an eyebrow, waiting to see if she would elaborate her answer. After a few seconds of silence, when it was clear that she definitely wouldn’t, he sighed.
“Okay, those nightmares must have something to do with whatever happened two months ago. So, if you take your time, and try to analyze them during the day, or if you talk to someone about them… It might help.”
If he didn’t seem so worried, one would have thought he was mocking her again. “Thanks, Freud. Been there, done that, no good. The diagnosis is ‘night-terror’; I can’t remember them and, according to the doctors, they will stop eventually.” She shrugged.
“Whoa, are you telling me that you don’t remember anything at all? Two months having nightmares every single night and you can’t remember even a little bit of them?” He obviously didn’t believe her.
“Duh, they’re night terrors, they aren’t supposed to be remembered; otherwise they would be plain, ordinary nightmares and wouldn’t bother me so much.” She made a face, hiding her insecurity.
The problem was that Beth didn’t agree with the doctors. She knew she didn’t have night terrors or any other type of sleep disorder. No, her issue was much more complicated than that. Who had ever heard of a nightmare with a fixed hour? Yes, because hers always occurred at four a.m. Never before, never after, and she didn’t have to be sleeping either.
More than once, Beth had been fully awake at that hour, trying to avoid the unpleasant experience, and more than once she had ended up on the floor having the damned nightmare, with a huge bump on the head as an additional bonus.
And her dreams were only the beginning of her issues. She also had to contend with a complete lack of control over her temper, times when she felt so sick she thought she would pass out, and the light she sometimes saw in her eyes, among many other things. Nope, no sleep disorder at all.
She was probably going towards the deep end, where no simple psychoanalysis could help her, but she had to stand firm, at least until Jake got better. After he was well and back at home… Well, then she would be able to lose it.
The silence around the kitchen brought her back from her thoughts. She looked at Leon and found his gaze on her. He seemed to be analyzing her deeply, deciding something. Suddenly, he snapped out of it and jumped from the chair startling the shit out of her.
“There is something I need to tell you. It’s kind of crazy…” Oh, crazy, her favorite word. “And even I don’t really know much about it. But there are some… things out there… Things that other people don’t know about… And I think one of those things is trying to hurt you.” He sure was trying to say something, but Beth was failing altogether to understand what it was.
“What the hell are you talking about?” She asked while trying to hide the fact that his obvious instability was scaring her.
He was nervous, walking from one side of the kitchen to another nonstop, running his hand through his hair. “Just listen to me, okay? When you destroyed that target board, you used channeled energy, concentrating it on the arrow, and it made you terribly sick, right?”
At a loss for words, Beth just nodded. She heard somewhere that, when facing mentally disturbed individuals, it was important not to anger them and to agree with their lunacies. And he kept going. “Only that freeing a flow of energy like that shouldn’t hurt you at all!” He was speaking so fast and low now that she thought he had forgotten she was there.
“There’s something wrong with the circulation of your energy, and I think the demon I saw on your balcony earlier is somehow responsible for it.” He stopped talking and looked at her anxiously.
Oh man… He was not a lunatic; he was just mocking her again, now she was downright mad. “Stop making fun of me! Do you honestly think I look like someone who would believe in this crap? In demons, Leon? I think you should go, now!” All her anger was back in full force. It was crackling in the air, and the dishes in the cabinets started to shake.
“See? Your energy is totally out of control! It’s running all wrong, and making you lose your balance, try to calm down, and we…” Leon started to make a point, but she’d had enough.
“You are making me lose my balance! Get out, now!” She shouted and they heard something breaking inside the cabinet.
Without a word, Leon took a stainless steel tray that was on the counter and raised it in front of her face. Beth looked up and saw her eyes reflected there. They were greener than ever and with a shining light of their own, much the same as when a flash of light hits the eyes of a cat or a dog in the dark.
It was… well; she didn’t have any idea what it was, but it certainly wasn’t normal… She felt her stomach sink and her anger disappeared instantly; the cabinets quieted and her eyes returned to their normal green.
“What…” She tried to say something, but her brain had gone into shutdown mode.
“Look at me,” Leon demanded, gently pressing his finger on her chin and lifting her head.
Reluctantly, she obeyed and saw his eyes changing from stunning gray to an unbelievable fluorescent green right there in front of her. They had the same light hers had displayed just seconds before. Her jaw dropped and she was speechless, her mind totally blank.
“You have to understand that we are different, special… We have some skills that other people would never dream about, and we were made this way so we can fight the demons. It’s our sacred duty to protect our world.”
She had admitted to herself that she was going towards the deep end, but apparently Leon was already there. The wise thing to do would be to deal with him cautiously, but her anger wasn’t willing to listen to her brain’s advice, so she went with sarcasm.
“I see… We are some kind of demon hunters… And let me guess: Our real last name is Winchester, right?”
Beth didn’t know what she expected from him, but it certainly wasn’t the laugh that came out of his mouth.
“Don’t worry, I’m not insane, and soon enough you will realize that. I know it’s hard to believe and I was expecting your denial, so please take your time to digest what I told you, and when you’re ready we can talk about it. Until then I promise not to touch this subject again, ok?”
“No, we will not talk about it again. I don’t want to hear any more crap, do you understand? My life is already like hell as it is, and I don’t need any of that, so you can leave me alone. And, yes, you are crazy.” She sidestepped him and ran to her room.

Over an hour later, she returned to the kitchen, carrying a bag with the jewelry boxes, ready for her little trip. Toni was already there, preparing her eggs, so she sat in her usual spot at the table and waited. Leon was still there, sitting at the other end of the table. He was eating his breakfast looking like nothing had happened and she decided to act the same way, ignoring him.
“Good morning Beth, here, start eating already or you will be late for school.” Toni served her eggs with a cup of coffee and sat in front of her, making sure she ate every bit of it. “Leon told me what happened with the door. I’m sorry I didn’t tell him about your night terror, you surely gave him a fright. I told him not to worry, Bruno can fix it later, but we should call the exterminator… That door must be infested with termites or else he would never be able to break it that way… Maybe we should call an electrician too; I’m still finding broken lamps here and there… We may have some short-circuits in the wiring.”
Leon looked at Toni, giving her his charming, lopsided smile making Beth clench her teeth angrily. She composed herself and pretended not to notice it. “I’m not going to school today again. I have to take care of something in Harshville and am already running late. Do you know where Bruno is? I want him to go with me; Leon can fix the door by himself.” She spoke without making eye contact with Toni, not wanting to explain the matter any further.
“Sorry honey, but Bruno isn’t here. He took your father’s car… You know… I mean, Bernard called and told him that his uncle wanted to see the car…” Toni always struggled to talk about anything related to Beth’s parents. “Anyway, what do you need to do in Harshville?”
Beth tried to discreetly hide the bag under the table while the woman was speaking, but she wasn’t fast enough. Toni pulled her hand away and looked inside it, immediately recognizing the expensive boxes.
“God child, what are you gonna do with this? These are your mother’s…”
“Just what needs to be done. We’ll talk about it later.” She quickly cut her off, not because Toni didn’t deserve to know their reality, but because Leon was there and he didn’t need to know about her financial problems.
Toni shook her head, a sudden hint of sadness clouding her eyes. “Oh honey, things can’t be this bad, can they? What if you called Mr. Sanders…”
“Toni! I said we’ll talk later!” Beth shouted, banging her hands on the table in a flash of anger, causing Toni—and the dishes in the cabinets—to jump. Leon snapped his head in her direction, and she quickly closed her eyes without realizing her hands were shaking again.
What was wrong with her? She couldn’t let that strange anger hurt the ones she loved. Ashamed and feeling guilty, Beth buried her face in her hands, breathing deeply, struggling to swallow the rage that was threatening to erupt like lava from a volcano. 
Toni had returned to the sink and was washing dishes silently. Of course she was pained, Beth had never yelled at her before. Her eyes flickered in Leon’s direction, and she saw that he was politely staring at the bacon on his plate. 
She sighed quietly and went over to the other woman. Hugging her tightly, Beth said quietly. “I’m so, so sorry… I never meant to yell at you… It’s just… I just… I’m really sorry, Toni.”
“It’s okay, honey,” Toni answered using the same tone and hugging her back. “You have been carrying a very heavy burden on your shoulders; I just wished that you shared some of it with me and Bruno.”
“Don’t worry; you help me more than enough,” Beth said, planting a kiss on Toni’s cheek. “I’ve to go now, or I’ll be late. We’ll talk, alone, when I get back, okay?”
She tried to leave the kitchen quickly with her bag, but Toni had already recovered and blocked her way out. “Wait just there, young lady! Don’t think that I’ll let you go to Harshville alone. It’s a big city and in no way peaceful like ours, not to mention you’ll be carrying all… this bag around. So you can sit back and wait for Bruno; he’ll not take long, maybe less than an hour.”
“I can’t wait, Toni; I have an appointment!” she answered, putting her hands on her hips, annoyed.
“Okay, then I’m sure Mr. Greese here can go with you, can’t you?” Toni asked Leon, sending a scathing look at him meaning that denial wasn’t a healthy option.
“Of course, it will be a pleasure,” he said, jumping from the chair, his crooked smile already plastered on his face.
“What? No, he can’t!” Beth said, almost panicked. The last thing she wanted was to spend the day with that crazy guy. She forced her mind to think of some excuse in order to get rid of him but, unfortunately, her night had been a horror show, and her head was pounding, her hands were still shaking, and the fact that her brain was somewhere in la-la land wasn’t exactly helping either. 
So the only thing she could think of was the old, lame excuse that she knew wouldn’t work at all. To counterbalance the lameness, she threw him a murderous look as she spoke. “He can’t go because he has to attend school. They know I’m having some problems and won’t give me a hard time if I miss a few days, but Leon is new here and they don’t know him yet.”
Apparently her look wasn’t as intimidating as Toni’s since he just shrugged and shot her a grin. “No problem, we can study together later. Let’s go.”
Completely defeated, Beth allowed him to carry her bag to the car.
It was a quick trip, less than three hours till they reached the outskirts of Harshville and, surprisingly, it was almost pleasant to feel the car running down the unknown road beyond Earth Valley. 
Leon slept all the way there, or at least she thought he did; Beth couldn’t be sure since he had his face buried in a cap… Maybe he was just thinking about his demon, either way he didn’t bother her and for that she was glad.  He only moved when she parked the car in front of the five star hotel where Judith’s friend was expecting her.
In the end, the jewelry dealer wasn’t quite a dealer; he was more like a jewelry collector or something. He was a very rich man in his sixties and, according to him, married to a young beauty who refused to use any of his former wife’s jewels.
He studied every single ring, bracelet, necklace and brooch as an expert, oohing and aahing every now and then. Finally, he approved the whole lot and, as promised, paid in cash.
Leon didn’t say anything before, during or after the negotiations. He just carried the bag with the jewels into the hotel and then carried the bag with the money out. But Beth could see how tense he was the entire time they remained there, always running his eyes over the place and never leaving her side. When they left, he was acting all secret-agent-man, seeming bored, or distracted, but covertly analyzing every person who came too close to her or the bag. Once back in the car, he put the bag on his lap and held it tightly. 
Noting all this, Beth held in a laugh and agreed when he suggested they should wait until they reached Earth Valley before stopping for lunch.
Arriving at Earth Valley, they went straight to a snack store, and Leon bought sandwiches, fries, and sodas to eat in the car. Beth was starving but also amused by his paranoia and couldn’t help teasing him. “We could have stopped at a restaurant or a diner and eaten real food, you know? If you carry the bag normally, no one will assume it is full of money…”
“That’s not why I didn’t want to go to one,” he said after swallowing a massive chunk of his sandwich.
“No? Why then?” she asked, intrigued.
“Because… Well, if I had taken you to a diner then it would have been a date, and you are not ready for our first date, yet.” There was a lopsided smile playing at the corner of his mouth, and he didn’t look at her.
“Ooh, it absolutely would not have been a date! And don’t go thinking someday we will have one. Know that I have a boyfriend.” Beth picked up one of her fries and pressed some ketchup on top of it, focusing all her attention on the task.
He stopped eating and she saw him cringe in obvious annoyance. “So, you have a boyfriend… Only one? And why is he not here playing the bodyguard for you?”
“Not that it concerns you, but he’s out of town; otherwise he certainly would be. And I’m sorry you had to be dragged into this, but remember that I didn’t ask for you to come with me.” His annoyance flared her anger too.
“Temper, temper… I’m not complaining, just curious.” He gave her a half smile. “Shouldn’t we go?”
Beth went straight to the hospital. Once there, she hesitated, her hand paused on the door latch. Leon looked at her and then scanned the parking lot. Not seeing anything threatening, he turned to her again. “There is something wrong?”
“Leon… What are the chances of you giving me my bag and letting me go there alone?” she asked, biting her lower lip.
“None,” he answered without thinking. “I have no intention of spying on you, and whatever you do with your money has nothing to do with me, but I’m currently providing security services. If by any chance something happens to you, I’ll have to explain myself to Toni, and I’m sorry, but she is scary.”
Beth sighed and, after debating with herself for a moment, she agreed. “Okay, it’s not as if it’s a secret. I’m sure you’d end up hearing about it sooner or later. I guess if you had gone to school, you would already know it…” She talked under her breath, but apparently Leon heard, judging by the odd look he gave her.
She entered the hospital, trailed by Leon, and went to the reception. From there they were sent to an office where she received an extensive lecture on the consequences of delayed payments on the health of the patients and the smooth running of the hospital in general. After that, Beth received the bill related to the week and a half she owed.
Before she could hand over the money, the devil-like woman began to suggest several cuts to Jake’s daily care that would help reduce costs. Beth bit her tongue—hard—to avoid saying what went through her mind and, with the effort to control her rage, lost count of the money more than once.
Leon gently took the bag from her trembling hands and finished the payment for her. Before leaving, feeling more controlled, Beth ensured there would be no further delays and that no cuts would be made; she would continue paying for the best options, always, including the extra nurse—thanks to Chloe.
They went up some more floors to Jake’s room, and while she sat on her permanent seat beside her brother’s bed, Leon stood silently at the doorway. She played with Jake’s hair and talked quietly with him, assuring him—and herself—that everything would be alright; silently praying for him to wake up because she missed him so much, and also because she had no idea how she would pay the hospital if he had to remain there for much longer.
After some time, Beth and Leon left the hospital in silence and went to their last stop—Edgar’s office. Again, Leon waited at the door. She handed the remaining money from the bag to the lawyer and yet he said he could manage to extend the deadline only for two weeks, not a day more, and then he commented again about selling the house.
Beth said nothing. She couldn’t have; she was losing it. If she opened her mouth, her temper would have exploded. If she had stayed, surely she would have done something very stupid, like smashing a chair on his head—or worse. So instead, she turned around and walked away, ignoring his calls.
Leon ran after her and put an arm over her shoulders. It was strange, but she felt somehow comforted. When they reached her car, he led her to the passenger side. “Just breathe, okay? Give me the keys; I’ll drive.”
Chapter 06




Beth was resting her head on the back of the seat with her eyes closed, allowing the hot wind that was entering through the open window of the car to beat fiercely against her face, wishing that it could carry away some of her anguish, and trying very hard to think about nothing.
After driving in complete silence for awhile, Leon started to fidget behind the wheel. She wasn’t looking, but she could feel his eyes on her. 
Something in him seemed to be familiar. Maybe it was the way he discreetly took care of her, or how his jaw set in fierce determination when he was conducting her to the car after leaving Edgar’s office. 
Beth wasn’t sure, but he was acting exactly like her beloved friends, as if her problems were somehow his own and therefore he was resolved to help fix them.
It was strange—like weird, but also a little good. Weird because they weren’t friends and she didn’t even like him, and good because… well, because she was glad he was there. Beth knew that, if not for his silent support during that awful day, she wouldn’t have been able to control herself and only God knew what could have happened.
So when he broke the silence and asked who the guy in the hospital was, she forgot her animosity toward him and answered, “He’s my brother, twin brother, Jake.”
Leon looked at her and it wasn’t pity that showed in his eyes, it was a real sadness. “What happened?” he asked quietly.
“It was two months ago… The first day of summer break. My parents and Jake were in a jet, going to the coast, and it fell. Nobody knows exactly why or how it happened, investigations are still ongoing. My parents… I was told they died instantly, and Jake… He was found more than a hundred yards from the crash site, apparently unharmed… But he never regained consciousness. No doctor can explain why, since physically there’s nothing wrong with him….”
She looked out the window as she spoke; repeating that story still hurt too much and sometimes she wished she could cry to release the pain. “Anyway, now Edgar is our guardian and I just have to find a way to keep things going until the investigations are finished and Jake wakes.”
When she finished, Leon didn’t say anything. He stared straight ahead, but he reached for her hand and squeezed it for a few seconds.

It was already nightfall when they arrived home. There were two cars on the driveway blocking the path leading to the garages and Leon had to park behind them. Beth recognized both cars and was out of her truck in a heartbeat. The first one was Bernard’s and not the reason for her eagerness. It was the second one that caught most of her attention; it belonged to her boyfriend.
“Michael!” she squealed, throwing herself into his arms as soon as she spotted him standing in front of the house. He caught her without effort, hugging and kissing her.
“I’ll leave your things in the kitchen,” Leon said, passing by them and ignoring Michael’s presence.
For one brief moment, Beth thought she caught a glimpse of a greenish glow emanating from his eyes, but he turned and walked away so fast she couldn’t be sure.
“Hi babe, how are you, and… Who was that guy?” Michael asked, lowering her feet to the ground and stroking her hair, bringing back her attention to him.
“Oh, that’s a long story…” she replied.
The two of them sat on a bench on the front porch, and Beth told him everything that had happened while he was traveling. When she reached the part about the trip to Harshville, she said that it was better if they joined with Bernard, knowing that her friend would make her repeat the whole thing.
They found Bernard and Leon chatting in the kitchen like old friends. “Hey girl, how were things today?” Bernard asked as she entered already putting a cup of coffee in her hands, for which she was grateful. “Your security-man here didn’t want to reveal anything.” He joked without malice, pointing his thumb in Leon’s direction.
She hugged him with affection and, after settling in her usual spot at the table, with Michael glued to her side, related the events of the day, without any mention of her nightmares. Nobody besides Toni and Bruno—and now Leon—knew about her night terrors. There was nothing they could do to help her there and no point in worrying them. She didn’t tell them that she thought Leon was crazy either—duh, he was right there—but she did explain everything else, including her worries about the future. 
“And now he is pressuring me to sell the house. I don’t want to, but if it’s necessary to maintain Jake in that hospital… God, I’ll sell my panties and bras if I need to; the problem is I have only two weeks to do so.”
“Two weeks? Beth, this is insane! He can’t expect you to arrange this much money in so little time!” Bernard shouted, his face becoming red with anger. “Sorry,” he added when she flinched. “I know your parents liked and trusted him, hell all our parents do, but I think this Edgar is creepy, and he seems to be a little too eager to sell your house.”
“Don’t worry, babe, I’ll talk to my dad. He may not be as well-known as Edgar, but he is a great lawyer nonetheless, and I know he can find a way to renegotiate the debt,” Michael said, putting his arm around her and pulling her closer to him. “I have a hunch this Edgar Sanders already has a buyer interested in your property and has his eyes on some indent commission.”
“But that makes no sense at all. If he wants to sell the house so badly, then why rent the guest house to Leon?” Beth mused aloud.
Silence fell over the kitchen while everyone was clearly trying to think of something. It was Leon who broke it.
“When it was decided that I needed to come here, Mr. Sanders told me to expect a change in the ownership of the residence, but that I didn’t need to worry about it because it would not affect my contract… So yeah, I dare to say he is seriously considering selling the house. I can’t imagine why, and for some reason, I don’t think this is about some commission… Whatever his motives could be, I can at least try to extend the deadline he gave you, and maybe I can dig for some more clues…”
“Sure, you barely arrived in town and already are the local badass? What makes you think you have more influence with that Sanders guy than Beth, who has known him since she was born?” Michael growled and, without giving Leon time to reply, turned to Beth again. “After all, why he is participating in this conversation? Being your security-guard for a day is enough to make him one of your close friends?”
Beth did not know how to answer. Truly, she did not appreciate Leon’s presence but the idea of asking him to leave never crossed her mind. She had just started to talk as if his presence there had been something as expected as Bernard’s, or even the girls’.
Pushing Michael’s question aside, Beth focused on the thing she knew for sure.  That she didn’t like the way Michael talked to her as if she had done something wrong. She was tired; her head was pounding, and she felt powerless to continue controlling the anger bubbling inside of her constantly. Even so, she tried real hard not to take it out on her jealous boyfriend.
“This kind of attitude doesn’t help, Michael. Leon, do you know Edgar?”
Leon gave a brief smirk at Michael as if he had just scored a point in some imaginary game between the two of them, but it was in vain since Michael wasn’t paying attention to him anymore; his focus was on digging a hole in Beth’s head with the power of his stare.
She groaned and scratched her forehead in an attempt to dissipate the building headache. Leon cleared his throat loudly to regain the attention of everyone.
“Yeah, I know him. Turns out he is my guardian too, and it was also him who commanded my return to this town. He said it was time for me to come back.”
“Return... Shit! Wasn’t there a family named Greese at the end of Oax with Bevery? In that house destroyed by fire about, I don’t know, twelve years ago? Are you related to them?” Bernard asked surprised. 
Leon flicked a glance toward Beth, as if evaluating her reaction, but she forced her face to remain blank. The mention of that house touched something deep inside of her, she tried to remember what it was that caused her sudden sadness, but after a few seconds she let it go. If any memory about that event or that house existed, her brain was denying access to it.
Something hovering between disappointment and relief crossed Leon’s expression, only to be quickly replaced by a mask of indifference, and he shrugged. “I was their son. The fire occurred ten years ago; I was seven at the time. My parents had a housekeeper, Mrs. Albany, whom they trusted with everything and she raised me with Edgar’s permission. She passed away a few months ago and he arranged my move back here.”
“Oh man, I’m sorry. My parents still comment sometimes how weird that fire was… Explosion due to a gas leak, wasn’t it?” Bernard ran his hands over his face looking shocked. 
Beth left the table and went to the other side of the counter to prepare some snacks. She was apprehensive, starting to feel sick again, and her guts were telling her that she didn’t want to hear Leon’s history.
“No, nothing as simple as that.” Leon’s voice reached her. “I had gone to the park with Mrs. Albany and when we returned we found my parents lying on the floor. From a distance, we could see they were dead, and there was someone crouching in front of my mom. Mrs. Albany jumped back, hitting the lights accidentally, and the house burst into flames. The two of us were still in the doorway and managed to walk away without any burns.”
There wasn’t any sign of emotion on Leon’s voice, as if he had repeated those words so often they had become only a memorized speech.
Leon was sitting in the farthest corner of the table and had lowered his head in a way that allowed his hair to hide his face from the eyes of the other boys, but not from hers. In fact, he was looking directly at her while telling the rest of the story. 
“The police concluded the killer started the gas leak on purpose to cover up the crime scene, and they decided to keep quiet about the murder, hoping the felon would make a mistake leading him to prison, which obviously never happened. Anyway, I always liked to think the figure crouching near my mother was the killer who would have turned to ash in the fire, a fitting end for a monster like that. You can call it childish imagination, I guess.”
While Leon was making his speech, without either Bernard or Michael noticing, Beth saw his eyes change slightly, with just a hint of green luminescence. She wouldn’t have seen it either if she hadn’t been looking straight at him. At the same time, she felt the air around her get warmer, moving up and down her arms, like an invisible caress.
Leon’s eyes became brighter, and she looked down at the counter. The air grew hotter, denser, more solid, almost like, she didn’t know what… but, closing her eyes, Beth almost could imagine gentle fingers massaging her shoulders and arms, releasing the tension in her sore muscles. She almost moaned…
Then her eyes shot open and Beth saw the lopsided half smile on Leon’s face. Was he doing that? Startled by it and by her own reaction, she hurried back to the table, carrying a tray loaded with soda cans and a plate full of sandwiches. Michael immediately put his arm around her. 
For a second or two, Leon seemed bewildered as if he had forgotten the others. He shook his head briefly and regained his composure. “What matters here is that I have known Mr. Sanders for a long time and I think maybe I could have some sort of influence with him; that’s all.”
If Beth dared to believe in everything he had said that morning, and considered it along with the story he had just told, adding the insinuations he had made, solely for her understanding, it would mean… What? God, if there is any chance that he is not crazy at all… Beth cut her own thoughts. She refused to ponder all the problems that kind of craziness would bring to her life. At that moment, her hands were already more than full.
Suddenly, her headache increased and she realized everyone was staring at her. “Look, it doesn’t matter if Edgar will have something to gain from the sale or not. The crucial thing here is the debt with the bank, so for now we’ll focus on the deadline. I’ll find a way to get the money; I just need to think…” She put an iced can to her forehead to alleviate some of the pain.
“I think what Beth really needs right now is a decent night’s sleep. Why don’t you come with me, Leon? Let’s go to the shed and I’ll show you what Jake forced me to learn about the great art of archery” Bernard said, giving Leon a playful push on the shoulder, and then he turned and hugged Beth. “I know where the old bows are; do you mind if we go there?”
“No, that’s okay. I would love to join you guys, but you are right, I’m extremely tired. Anyway, go on and have some fun,” she replied, hugging him back and ignoring Leon, not that he had noticed since he was already half way out of the kitchen.
They left through the door by the pool and Beth was left alone with her boyfriend who didn’t seem to mind at all that they didn’t invite him. He pulled her onto his lap and hugged her tightly. “I missed you so much…”
“I missed you too,” Beth replied, her head resting on the curve of his shoulder.
She let him hold her like that for some time, relieved to be with him again, the familiar scent of his cologne surrounding her, giving her a sense of security and comfort. When his lips covered hers, she kissed him back, sliding her arms around his neck, hoping to experience at least a glimmer of the happiness they shared once.
He took the kiss deeper, one hand clasping her thigh, the other slipping under her shirt, caressing the bare skin on her back, his breath becoming ragged.
There was no use. Beth couldn’t evoke the past feelings and, worse, his enthusiasm was starting to annoy her, so she broke the kiss off and got out of his lap, mumbling a “Sorry.” Unfortunately, Michael didn’t get the hint and started kissing her neck instead; pressing his hands over her stomach preventing any further attempt to walk away from him.
“Mich, stop…” she asked softly, not wanting to hurt his feelings.
“Come on, babe, I was dying to be alone with you…” He pressed his chest against her back and nibbled her ear lobe.
She sighed in frustration and shoved him off. “Michael, I’m tired, and there’s a cathedral bell ringing as if announcing the end of the world inside of my head. I’m sorry, but I seriously need to lie down.”
“Okay, I’ll put you in your bed,” he said innocently, as if all he wanted was to tuck her below her comforter. But Beth could see the way his eyes glittered with malice and need, and the fact that he continued to kiss her fed her anger even more.
“No, Michael, you are not going inside my room, and we are not going through a heavy make out session either. I’m exhausted!” She shoved him harder and stepped back putting some distance between them. “What’s the matter with you?”
“How can you be so cold? I missed you so much and then when I got here I found out that there’s another guy living with you. Can’t you at least let me stay here too?” He wasn’t making any effort to hide his bitterness.
“God Mich, what are you saying? Leon rented the guest house, not my room. Besides, I told you how it happened and how I feel about it. You know what? You are being a jerk!” She tried to storm out of the kitchen, but Michael caught her midway, hugging her again, this time gently.
“I’m sorry, babe. You’re right; I’m a stupid-jealous-jerk. Sorry, sorry. I didn’t mean to upset you; please don’t be mad.” He pleaded in her ear.
Beth didn’t have a chance to reply because a deep voice echoed behind them. “Good night, Michael.”
The color left Michael’s face and his eyes went wide. To his credit, Bruno caused that kind of reaction in a lot of people and he did recompose pretty fast. “Night, Bruno.” Michael didn’t turn to say it, but he released Beth. Still looking in her eyes he asked, “Do you forgive me?”
She nodded, and he sighed, relieved. “So we are good?” She nodded again and he kissed her forehead before leaving.
“You were listening?” Beth asked, not unkindly, to Bruno who was standing at the back of the kitchen.
“I was helping Toni with the laundry. We heard everything. Sorry.” He approached and gave her two pills and a glass of water. “For your headache.”
“Thanks. And don’t worry about listening; I was going to talk with you two anyway.” She swallowed the pills and smiled at him.
“There is something we can do to help, little Beth?”
“I don’t think so, Bruno, but I will let you know if I think of something.”
“You do that. And you don’t have to worry about paying me or Tony; you are family, and we will keep looking out for you and your brother. We also have some money guarded, and we will take care of the incoming bills for as long as we can. It is not much, not enough to help with the hospital, but at least you will not have to worry about groceries and the likes.”
It wasn’t fair. Beth knew it, but she also knew it was pointless to try to argue with those two. They would do it with or without her approval, so she just hugged him and went upstairs.
Chapter 07




Before turning off the light in her room, Beth recalled the commotion of that morning and all the things Leon had said. It didn’t mean she believed him but, as a precaution, she took a beautiful silver dagger—her last birthday-present from Bruno and Toni—from the shelf where it had been on display as a valuable memento, and put it in the drawer of her bedside table. She just wasn’t sure if the plan was to use it against imaginary demons or against crazy guys.

Something had awoken her, maybe a noise? Was Leon inside the house again? Beth looked at her bedside watch and saw that was still five minutes to four. She wasn’t screaming. It wasn’t four o’clock yet so the nightmare of that night had yet to come. She groaned, already dreading it. Every passing day, the leftovers were getting worse.
ZIIIIINNNNG! THUMP!
There was the noise again; it sounded remarkably familiar to her and seemed to be coming from her balcony.
ZIIIIINNNNG! THUMP!
Again… Only this time the noise was followed by a sound that bristled up her soul. A scream? It couldn’t have come from a human throat or from any animal she knew. A chill passed through her spine, her stomach and her gut, squeezing it hard.
Without knowing exactly how, in less than a second Beth was standing on her balcony, with the dagger in her hand, looking at something her brain couldn’t process entirely.
It was a grotesque… being. It stood about her height and was nailed to the wooden wall by three arrows. The creature’s bare skin presented a mixed shade of pink and yellow. It was covered only on the crucial parts, by what she deduced to be a loin-cloth, and was swinging its legs—they couldn’t reach the floor due to the arrows—showing its hairy feet with huge claws. Its thin arms were whipping around while the bony-hands were trying to yank the arrows away, at any cost. The being had a disproportionately large head, sharp teeth and hair the color of mud with some kind of grease dripping from the tips, utterly disgusting.
From each wound caused by the arrows, a thick and smelly trickle of black blood oozed out.
But what really caught her attention were the creature’s eyes… Black eyes; nightmare eyes. 
Beth felt something growing inside her, flowing through her pores and, as she looked into that blackness, she saw Jake screaming.
In an instant, a flash of her nightmares returned to her mind, and the next thing she saw was the creature writhing and agonizing on the floor. Its body was trapped under her; the dagger firmly planted below its right collarbone, where a point of putrid light was fading.
Beth threw herself backward, away from that thing, her stomach revolted, but she was unable to look away.
Leon rushed into the room and held her from behind, crossing his arms protectively in front of her. They stood there, looking disgusted and somewhat fascinated as the thing hissed like a kettle and then evaporated into thin air, leaving only the dagger, completely clean, behind.
“What… What…” She was stammering, her heart beating deafeningly against her rib cage. She wasn’t even ashamed to be clinging onto Leon’s arms.
“A demon,” Leon said, his voice barely hiding his disgust.
“How… How did I…” She couldn’t gather her thoughts; they were running wild in all directions. “The arrows...It was you?”
“Yeah, I was waiting for him this time.” Leon was shaking too, but apparently not for the same reason she was. “Liz, I could have hurt you! How did you show up so suddenly? I didn’t even see the door opening …”
“I don’t know. I don’t know how I did any of this. I was sleeping; then I heard a noise. And suddenly I was seeing Jake screaming. And then I was on top of that thing and the thing was dying with the dagger stuck in it. I think it was me who stuck it there because it had a horrible point of light, and I had to destroy that light so Jake could leave and…” She was ‘super-babbling’, worse than Amelie ever did, and Leon saw she was losing it.
“Shh… Shh… It’s okay, Liz, look at me.” He was trying to calm her, but Beth couldn’t take her eyes off the balcony. “Look at me, Liz!” He said, more firmly, and she relented.
A narrow part of her that was still sane registered that he had called her Liz and mused about it, but at that moment it didn’t seem to be important. Leon’s eyes were still fully lit and another small part of her thought that it suited him well, making him sexier than he already was. Apparently her mind was also ‘super-babbling’.
“Good. Keep looking at me, okay? Now breathe with me...” She obeyed, mimicking his movements of deep breathing. “Calmer now?” he asked, after awhile.
She nodded.
“Good, now explain everything to me again, but slowly. What has Jake to do with... with that demon?” His eyes were returning to their normal color.
“Jake was trapped somehow inside it. I looked into its eyes and remembered the nightmares… He… it, used Jake’s suffering in my dreams and… I suffered… Jake suffered… And the more one suffered, the more it caused suffering to the other.” She stopped, frowning, not knowing if what she was saying was making any sense, but Leon nodded to her, so she took one more deep breath and continued.
“And all those awful feelings grew like a snowball until it became unbearable. And… I think that thing was feeding on our despair and making me sick… There was so much anger inside me… It was consuming me… But now it’s gone, Leon; all that anger, weakness and pain just disappeared!”
“Yes, I think you’re right. I’m guessing it was poisoning you a little every day, and that’s why your energy had been flowing all wrong inside you. If we hadn’t finished him…” His voice broke, and he didn’t bother to continue.
The two of them stayed there a while longer, holding each other, calming their hearts and processing the events. Beth pulled away first.
“How did you know—“
Her words were cut off by the ringing phone on her bedside table, startling both of them. She recovered quickly and reached the noisy device in a leap.
It took her some time to understand what the person was saying; the voice on the other side was jubilant and ‘super-babbling’ too. Apparently that thing was catching.
“For God’s sake, Beth, are you listening? He woke up! He is awake and is calling for you, girl!”
“Huh? Who?”
“Beth, listen to me!” The woman on the other side was speaking slowly now. “It's Sarah here, your brother’s nurse. Jake woke up and wants to see you, now! Got it?”
In a daze, Beth barely muttered, “I’m on my way” and, before the phone hit the floor, she was already running for the door.
She didn’t reach it. Leon was holding her firmly by her shoulders. “Liz, what happened?”
“Let go, Leon! Jake woke up! I gotta go now!” She was struggling with him, but that didn’t seem to bother him.
“Okay, okay. I’ll go with you, but first you need to put some clothes on.”
Only then she realized all she had on was an old t-shirt and her panties.

Beth ran into the room she used to visit so frequently. “Jake! Jake!”
“Hey, sis!” His voice was weak and hoarse from disuse. She didn’t hold back, threw herself upon him, and when they hugged, laughing, a real electric current passed through her body straight into his, sparkling and buzzing between them before fading.
“Ugh! What was that, some sort of short circuit? Are you okay?” He cringed, still holding her in his arms.
Half dazed with the discharge, she pulled back only a little to see him better and froze.
“Sis… What is it?” His eyes looked like two beacons of green light which were slowly fading before her eyes.
“Uh… Nothing, I just wanna look at you… Oh Jake, I can’t believe you’re awake! How are you feeling? Are you in pain?” She quickly forgot the shock and started checking every inch of him.
“Nah, now that son-of-a-crippled-lizard is dead, I’m okay. A little weak but I think that’s normal…” He stopped, frowning at her, probably because her jaw dropped. “What?”
“Did you saw that thing too? Do you remember?”
He looked funny at her then got serious. “Yeah, I remember. I remember everything! That bastard caught me just before the accident… He, that thing, actually caused it… and it made me see... our father and mother dying... several times. And it fed by torturing us.” Jake averted his eyes in an attempt to hide his tears and Beth and Leon did the same to give him some time to recover, which didn’t take him long to do. “But you kicked his ass, and I’m proud of you, sis! I just wanted to have kicked the devil myself… But tell me, how long I have been gone?”
“Two months. You’ve been in a coma for two whole months.”
“It didn’t seem like a coma to me, looked more like hell. I was awake but not in my body, and I could see everything he did… I don’t know how… I only know that it has more of them out there, Beth, and I think things will become really weird.” His gaze fell on Leon standing in the doorway. “I don’t know who you are, but I must say you have a fantastic aim! Thanks man, really. By the way, I’m Jake, and I’m glad to meet you.”
Leon entered the room with a broad smile on his face and the two of them shook hands. “I’m Leon, your new renter, and the pleasure is mine.” They heard a small commotion in the waiting room and Leon pulled away a little. “It seems the others are already here, your sister called them on the way.” 
“I think we should keep quiet about all this for a while, right? But once I leave here we’ll have a long talk; apparently the two of you have a lot going on. And I want you both to explain what the heck was that light I saw in your eyes today, okay?” Jake spoke rapidly in a tone low enough to be heard only by them.
Then he smiled and winked at Beth as he prepared to greet their friends. Smiling back and holding her brother’s hand, Beth noticed the burn on his inner wrist. The pattern was identical to hers and in exactly the same place.
Chapter 08




The next couple of days were a blur. Thankfully, the doctors refused to make much of Jake’s sudden recovery since they said that there wasn’t anything physically wrong with him to begin with and they only asked for a few exams before giving their clearance for his discharge from the hospital. 
Even Edgar showed up, seeming to be truly happy with Jake’s recovery, and, after signing all the required papers, returned to his job without a word about their financial problems. In that moment, Beth almost liked him.
Friday, early in the morning, Beth brought Jake home. They had told everyone he would arrive in the afternoon because they needed some time alone to talk without being listened to. Beth had also managed to send both Bruno and Toni into a marathon of tasks in the city.
“Jake, man, you look like hell!” Leon said, smiling, when they came in. “I think I know exactly where to begin our little conversation. And it will have to be done outside.”
“Hey, Leon, don’t tell me.” They made that fist-bumping thing boys always do and slapped each other’s backs, looking like two old friends. “Apparently, lying down for two entire months isn’t very good for one’s body.” He was walking slowly, leaning on Beth for support as his muscles would need some time to regain their strength.
That morning was extremely hot, the sun shining fiercely and not even one cloud could be seen on the blue sky, so it was no surprise when Jake agreed to do what Leon suggested, leaving all the questions until they’d returned to the pleasant environment inside the house.
“Okay Jake, first you have to lie somewhere in direct contact with the earth, on the grass is more comfortable,” Leon explained.
“Here is good enough?” Jake asked while standing in the middle of the garden.
“For today, but in the future you will prefer a more secluded spot, probably farther away from the house. It isn’t funny when someone interrupts this sort of thing,” Leon replied before continuing. “Now you have to relax and focus only on your breathing. Imagine the air going in and out of your lungs; feel the earth pulsing under you.” His voice was almost hypnotic. “Now imagine this pulsing force mixing with the air that gets inside you. Feel and know that you are pulling the life of the earth into you along with your breath…”
Beth was doing the same thing, but every time Leon opened his mouth, she felt her jaw dropping even more. Fortunately, Leon was focused on her brother because she couldn’t stop staring at him. It was him! It wasn’t a dream after all… That voice, calling me Liz so sweetly… It was his! She couldn’t believe it; she didn’t want to believe it.
No way, she’d rather go on believing that it had been a dream. She started rationalizing. I was sick, utterly exhausted, and, for sure, my mind mixed his instructions with a pleasant dream, that’s what happened. And with that she declared the case closed, refusing to think about it again.
“That was amazing, man! I feel great, no, better than great!” Jake was acting like a kid, jumping up and down, testing out his muscles while Beth and Leon scattered around the sitting-room on the third floor. She felt pretty good herself but didn’t want to show it in front of Leon.
“What was that? What did we do?” The excitement in Jake’s voice was contagious, and Beth couldn’t help but laugh at her brother. The joy of seeing him away from that hospital overpowered everything else that was wrong in her life. She was happy and ready to face whatever horrible things waited for them. 
“Well… I think it will be easier to explain this way: If a car runs out of fuel it stops, right? There’s nothing wrong with the engine, all you have to do is supply it, and it returns to work perfectly. So let’s say I just taught you how to fill your own tank, using the force of the earth as fuel.” Leon shrugged as if what he had said was no big deal.
“But that’s not all the earth can do, is it?” Beth tried to keep her voice as neutral as possible. “When you taught me how to do it, I wasn’t just ‘out of fuel’.”
Leon studied her for a while and then spoke quietly. “I didn’t think you’d remember… You were in pretty bad shape then.”
“I only remember the instruction to breathe with the earth, as you taught Jake,” she replied quickly, knowing it was a lie.
“You are right; this isn’t the only thing the earth does and your case was far more complicated… I had to help in the process because you were injured and very sick.” His voice was clear and direct, without emotion, like a teacher explaining an assignment to his students.
“What do you mean by wounded and sick?” Worry crossed Jake’s face and he stared at her, searching for any sign of injury.
Leon sighed and slid his hand through his hair, measuring his next words. “The demon your sister killed… He wasn’t just torturing both of you, he—it—was also somehow altering the flow of energy running through her body, causing the energy to grow endlessly… You know, like when you block a river and, with nowhere to go, the water overflows?”
“So, why would that make her sick or hurt her?” Jake asked, impatiently.
“The pressure of this excess of energy over her was upsetting her body and mind, making her terribly sick, and, every time it overloaded, only a small part was thrown out, the rest backfired, hurting her. The last time was a close call. Fortunately I was already around, but if her channels had remained blocked, the next overload certainly would have killed her.” The calm and naturalness with which Leon said it made her shiver and her brother hugged her tightly.
“I didn’t see that…”
“No, the thing wasn’t around when it happened.” She spoke with her face buried in his neck. “But don’t worry, it’s over now, and we are fine.”
“Oh, it’s so not over…” Leon assured, finally sitting down. “Actually, I think this is only the beginning. To make things easy to understand, including our situation, I will have to explain everything I know.” 
And so he did, only asking the twins to hear the whole story without interrupting, the questions could wait till later.

“There are several dimensions in our world, or you can say that there are many worlds within each world. The one we know, in which we live, is protected by an entity—or Goddess if you prefer—called Thera, and she is the very essence of our earth. Another dimension—not as nice as ours—and simply known as Abyss, has been in a kind of war with ours since the beginning of time.
“The one responsible for this other dimension is a powerful demon named Zerahdim. From time to time, he has opened portals into our dimension and sent his demons—I’m not sure if they are actually demons, but I couldn’t find any other word to identify them—to create all sorts of disasters and other kinds of things, hoping to transform our world into an extension of its own.
“Being a Goddess and all, Thera always knew beforehand when the gates would be opened and, in order to protect her dimension, she called her Warriors—Humans with the ability to manipulate the energy that exists on earth.
“I have no idea whether those warriors were always the same, like reincarnations of the first chosen ones, or if simply all lineages of Warriors had some kind of latent genetic variation, ready to wake up when they are needed. Either way, it seems to be some kind of inheritance that apparently goes through subsequent generations… But of that I’m not sure at all.
“About six hundred years ago, there was a big battle between those Warriors and Zerahdim himself, who was defeated and sealed in some mysterious and unreachable place, making it impossible to open the gates or portals between our dimensions—at least from their side.
“Since then, there haven’t been any reports of demonic activity in our world. And this whole story was eventually forgotten, and most of the reports were lost. 
“It turns out that my ancestors kept a small part of it all in a very old journal. My parents found it and tried, in all ways, to locate more reports. It seems that their search led them to some important clues. I was too young at the time, but I remember their fear and their commitment to find someone, some specific one, to stop something. Unfortunately, I guess this ‘someone’ found them first… A portal was opened in the middle of our living-room and we were attacked by a demon that came through it.
“I was only seven when I saw my parents being murdered by a monster while trying to protect me. This caused a strong emotional overload, and consequently a massive release of energy, which not only instantly incinerated the devil but also destroyed the gate and burned our house to the ground. Incredible as it sounds, Mrs. Albany—who was in the kitchen at the time—and I managed to get out unscathed. But the journal, and all my parents’ research, was lost.
“After that, we left the city, and I’ve never been able to manipulate energy again. Still, the old woman taught me everything she remembered from the time she read the journal, which, sadly, wasn’t much.
“About a couple of months ago—probably even the same day of the accident that killed your parents—I began to feel the flow of energy again, and the mark on my wrist reappeared. By this time, the poor woman was already dying, half insane, but she suddenly remembered that my parents had found another family of Warriors here in Silver Blade. Then, about two weeks ago, Edgar said I had to come back here.
“Now I’m guessing that this family she talked about is yours, and the presence of that demon means that there is another portal, and it is open.
“From what I learned, a substantial portion of our powers is controlled by our emotions and instincts, maybe some kind of genetic memory.
“For example, when Liz was suffering from the energy reflux, I had never seen or heard about it, but I had a hunch about what was happening and why, and even what I had to do to help.
“And when she killed the demon, she knew she had to wipe out that little spot of light. Well, you see, the demons don’t have a heart. The only way to kill them is to hit the exact spot that controls the flux of energy in their bodies, and this point isn’t a fixed one, it moves throughout their body and appears like a little point of light. Only Warriors can see those points.
“Another thing: We are able to detect a demon’s presence at a reasonable distance, although I’m not sure exactly which distance I’m talking about, something like fifty yards, perhaps. I did feel it when it approached the house while I was sleeping in the guest house. And that’s mostly all I know.”

After hearing the long speech, Beth served juice and sandwiches, and they ate in silence, absorbing everything they had learned about the world and themselves. With her hunger placated, Beth’s mind began to work again at full speed, and she began to grasp the real picture of their reality.
“When you talked about how your parents died, I had the impression you were saying it was a human, from our side, who opened the portal. Am I right?”
“That’s what I think, yes. As I remember from the stories, Zerahdim was the only one able to open the gates from their side. With him out of the way, the other demons didn’t present us with any risk. And even if another one had acquired such power, he couldn’t have known about my parents’ research,” Leon replied thoughtfully. “Besides, all the other times, when conflicts between our dimensions occurred, the Warriors had to deal with multiple portals simultaneously. The destruction caused by demons was pretty obvious, and they were everywhere. That certainly is not what’s happening now.”
Jake who had been looking out at the balcony turned around with a serious look on his face. “So, after centuries without showing up, suddenly we have two demons… One in Leon’s living-room, possibly trying to kill him, and the other one here, imprisoning my soul and poisoning Beth… It pretty much seems a hunt where we are the prey. At least, to our advantage, it seems to be extremely difficult to open the portals; after all, we had about ten years of difference between them… Of course that’s assuming we are talking about the same person being responsible for the two gates.”
“You may be right, Jake, but in the first case, Leon destroyed the portal… However, the one that brought in ‘our demon’ could still be open…” Just thinking about it made Beth shiver.
“Yeah, well, at this moment all we can do is guess. Maybe the one behind it doesn’t know for sure we are Warriors, or it may have been an accident, or maybe we are truly and utterly in deep trouble… In any case, I suggest we keep absolute secrecy about all this and be as careful as possible. Any stronger emotion is able to stimulate the flow of energy on us, illuminating our eyes, hence the necessity to learn as soon as possible to control your own energy.” Leon was making his eyes light up as he spoke.
“Can you feel when they are like this?” Beth asked dubiously.
“Pretty much the same way you can feel when you’re blushing.” Leon grinned at her.
At first Beth didn’t understand why he was grinning, but then she felt what he was doing… The phantom fingers, again. They were caressing her arms, up and down and, as he had predicted, she felt her cheeks grow warmer indicating that, indeed, she was blushing.
“Hey! Big brother in the room, remember?” Jake pretended to be angry but couldn’t stifle a chuckle.
Everything able to make Beth speechless amused him. Not that he wasn’t protective about her; it’s just that since childhood he had learned that his sister liked to fight her own battles. If she needed his help she’d send him a signal, otherwise butting into her business would only bring him trouble.
So the more Beth blushed, the more they laughed and the more angry she became. She was considering throwing a ceramic vase at Leon’s head, but thought better about it, opting for another course of action.
She straightened her shoulders and smoothed her voice. “I don’t know what you’re doing, but I recommend you to stop right now. Certainly I can blow up the cup in your hand…”
Leon put the cup down and lifted his hands, surrendering, still grinning. “Okay, I’m not into energy warfare here!”
“What were you doing?”  Jake asked while wiping one laughter tear from his face.
“I just warmed the air around her, a very useful thing on a cold day.” Leon defended himself with a shrug, but there was a mischievous smile at the corner of his mouth.
“That’s cool, can you teach me?” Jake asked.
“I honestly don’t know... We are in unchartered territory here. For me, it’s easy because I have a great facility manipulating temperatures and fire, but I’m guessing it’s different for you since our marks are different…” Leon took off his watch and showed his mark.
It was moss green with well-defined lines, much like a real tattoo. The design consisted of three small spirals whose ends were lifted and joined to form what looked like flames. It was perfect, and if it was a tattoo it sure would have been a popular one.
Beth hadn’t paid any attention to her ‘burn’ since it showed up, now she took off the handkerchief she wore around her wrist and analyzed it, only it didn’t look like a burn anymore. It was like an unfinished painting like those where the painter makes the first sketch with a pencil before completing it with ink.
The circle and spiral at the center were completed—the last time she had seen it she thought it looked angry, red like a burn—as well as a brand new, small spiral pattern in the space below connected to it by an even smaller spiral, and it also was moss green and pristine. She noted that this new pattern—it wasn’t there before; she was sure of it—was a perfect miniature of Leon’s mark.
Apart from that, there were three more patterns also linked to the center—one for each side of the ‘circle’. They were barely visible; the color was so faint it was impossible to determine the design and see what they looked like.
“Let me see your wrist, Jake.” She got up and pulled his arm without waiting for an answer. Jake’s mark still showed signs of burning and wasn’t green yet but showed a diagram identical to hers, and she could see it soon would be filled in the same places.
“It’s… cool-weird. Maybe it means we have some sort of connection with Leon, who is fire.” Jake was studying the three extended wrists.
“If so, then where is the connection between you two?” Leon was also comparing the marks.
“It doesn’t appear because we are equals,” Beth said, feeling that what she had guessed was true. “Cause we are twins.”
“If that’s correct, it means there are three more warriors out there…” Leon reasoned. “That is if no one else has more replicas.”
“There aren’t other twins in this town.” Jake retrieved his arm and returned to his spot next to the balcony. “But they can be from anywhere else, can’t they?”
“Any idea as to how we find them?” Beth asked of no one in particular.
“Well if we truly are being hunted, I suppose all we can do is to follow the demonic activities. They seem to know who the targets are. This reminds me; you should know that only silver can break the demons’ vital point. Well that and a huge furnace, but I’ll stick with the silver. It’ll be wise if we get used to always carrying some sort of knife or similar, we can’t be caught with low guard.” With this, Leon showed his own pocket knife. It certainly was customized with a very beautiful and very deadly silver blade.
At this point, Toni called from downstairs, informing them that she and Bruno were back, and the three of them decided to close the subject for the time being. Later, their other friends arrived and, soon enough, they were in the middle of a welcome-back party.
Amelie and Chloe had only briefly crossed paths with Leon at the hospital and, as soon as they arrived, the girls drowned him in questions. After he had managed to answer them all, they seemed to have fallen in love with him—figuratively of course—and even admonished Beth for not being friendly enough.
And not only the girls… Beth observed that Jake and Bernard were also acting as if Leon had always been part of their restricted group.
A wave of dismay and annoyance crashed over her, mainly because she knew that, now more than ever, his presence would be inevitable, and she was still angry with him and his ‘ghost-fingers’.
Chapter 09




Within the passing days, Beth discovered that absolutely everything in Leon irritated her. He made bad jokes, was haughty, huffy and full of himself. Always he had that crooked smile plastered on his face. And the way all the other girls threw themselves at him? Argh!
Of course, he knew how to be sensible, and sometimes even a gentleman if he wanted, but even at those rare times, she still could see the shadow of his sardonic smile. And just to worsen matters, all her friends loved him, including her traitor brother.
The only time Beth thought his presence was tolerable was during their training when he was teaching the twins all he knew about the use of energy. At such times, he adopted a serious stance, always calm and patient.
It was not possible to avoid his company entirely, but she was learning just to ignore him. When she was obliged to talk to him—either through circumstances or from politeness—she was always distant and cold. 
As for him… Well, he was still acting as usual, in other words, he did not miss an opportunity to get under her skin, always mocking her and making annoying jokes.
Besides Leon, Beth had other problem making her feel more anxious with every passing day. The deadline for paying the debt was getting close, and they had not even one-fifth of the amount required. 
She had remembered Judith’s comment about a valuable brooch from her mother. She knew that jewel. The twins checked the list containing all the jewelry sold and together they remembered other pieces. Apparently the most expensive ones were not on that list.
They spent days rummaging through the house in search of a second safe, a key to a bank locker or any other evidence that would lead them to such jewels. It had been a futile effort; their whereabouts remained a mystery. Maybe their parents had already sold them…
Unfortunately, the investigations into the accident did not seem to be going very well; thus they could not expect to receive the insurance either.
Because of all these problems, Beth was not in the best of her moods on that Thursday, only five days remaining before the deadline.
The classes seemed to be dragging on, the heat was unbearable, and she was wondering if the teacher would stop that monotonous speech if she buried the waste-paper basket on his head, or if he just would clear his throat and continue to speak, looking through the small holes of the wire mesh.
When the bell finally rang ending the worst-class-ever, she sighed with relief. It was lunch time. She put on her sunglasses—she always wore them now that Leon regularly annoyed her until her eyes glowed—gathered her things and left the room as fast as her legs carried her.
She was on her way to the cafeteria when Michael found her.

“What do you think about eating with me today, just the two of us? I brought some things, just in case you accepted.” He tilted his head in the direction of his backpack. “Come on, we haven’t spent much time together, and you need to relax a little.” He gazed down at her.
“Hmm, tempting…” She smiled and stood tiptoe in order to give him a quick kiss on the lips.
BAHS was not a small school; the terrain—like everything else in Silver Blade—was immense and connected with the forest at various points. It had a spacious parking lot at the entrance and in front of it was the administration building and library. Behind those were the four buildings intended for classrooms and laboratories. All of them had two floors, but they were not unusually large. The entire facade of the school was made of bricks minus the administrative building, which was extremely old, and because of its historical significance was kept in its original form, made with dark wood, so common in the region.
Behind the classrooms was the cafeteria, surrounded by a large grassy area full of tables and stone benches, and at the back were the gym, the outdoor sports areas and a covered swimming pool.
Michael was holding her hand as he always did, which was actually sweet on his part, and they walked to the farthest table from the area around the cafeteria. It stood in the shade of some trees and gave them some privacy. About forty yards away, to the left, was the forest that encircled the school.
They ate turkey sandwiches with pickles—her favorite—and spent the time chatting pleasantly. Their relationship was not going very well since the accident; Michael had started to become more and more possessive and was always pressuring her to take “the next step”. He wanted more intimacy between them.
Beth couldn’t blame him. They had been together for a long time, more than three years now, and she was sure that he was absolutely faithful to their relationship. He was not a virgin like her; he had a couple experiences with sex before they started dating and, judging by what she knew about teens and hormones, his love for her and his patience must be quite impressive, but she was not ready yet.
This meant that pleasant moments, like that one, were becoming increasingly rare between them, and Beth enjoyed every minute of that blessed peaceful hour.
It did not last long… They had already cleared the table and were returning to the classroom buildings, when she felt a shiver down her spine. The hairs on the nape of her neck and her arms stood up, and her mark, hidden under a bracelet, warmed. A rush of adrenaline shot through her body, and she knew her eyes were shining like crazy. Luckily, she was wearing the glasses. 
“Michael you can go ahead, I have a free period next. I think I’ll spend it here; the study hall is probably too hot and stuffy,” she said, faking a smile.
“Okay, I’ll see you later.” He kissed her lips and rushed to his next class.
“Later,” she replied automatically.
Beth was focused, scouring the trees. There was a demon there; she could sense it, just like Leon had said.
She set free her hair, removing her kanzashis (decorative hair sticks, very spiked), and held them firmly as if they were weapons. Made of silver, they seemed delicate, but were as strong and as lethal as any knife.
Still searching the distant trees, she released a small energy wave that spread around her. Beth learned to do that a few days before. It would serve to help her find the demon and also to warn Jake and Leon if they were around.
“There you are! Look, all students were sent home. It seems there is a gas leak at the cafeteria, and they don’t want trouble. Michael had to help a teacher and asked me to find you,” Amelie said, coming up from behind her.
“Shit! Amie, get out of here, now!” Beth almost shouted at her friend, without turning around.
She had located the damned thing. It was crouched on a tree branch, at the edge of the forest, about thirty feet above the ground and more than forty yards from where she stood. He was staring in her general direction and had something in his hands. He was too far; the foliage was in her way, and she could not see clearly. So Beth removed her glasses, circulated her energy and directed it to her eyes as Leon had taught her.
“Hey! If you argued with Michael it’s his problem, don’t take it out on me. Besides, I thought you would be happy to know that we are free for the rest of the day and was expecting you to join me in a little hunt. You see, I met this guy the other day and wanted to know what he likes to do…”
Amelie was right behind her and still ‘super-babbling’, but Beth wasn’t listening anymore. With the help of her concentrated energy in her eyes, she could see much better.
The thing on the tree was tall and lean with long arms. The legs were bent, and they looked strong. Its skin was ill-green, almost brown. He was totally bald with lumps all over his head, resembling furuncles.
There were no ears or nose, just holes where they should have been. His mouth—twisted in what could be considered a grin—was big, thin and full of pointy teeth. His black eyes were focused somewhere behind her. He had a crossbow in his hands and was aiming… at Amelie.
“Damn!” Beth blinked; the thing released the arrow.
Beth dropped her kanzashis. In one fluid motion, she grabbed her friend with her left hand while, with her right one, she caught the arrow in midair; before it even touched a hair of either of them. Then, rotating her body, she managed to put both under the protection of a thick trunk.
Amelie was so scared that, for the first time in her life, she was rendered speechless, staring at the arrow in Beth’s hand. It was a small arrow, with a glass point. Inside the point was a dark colored liquid and Beth honestly did not want to know what would happen if that point hit a target and broke. Especially considering the target, in that case, was them. Shivering, she threw it aside.
Their situation was not good at all. There was nothing she could use as a long distance weapon. Come on think, think! You have to take Amelie away from here! What could she do?
She looked around but saw nothing that could help them. At least the area was deserted; this way she only had to worry about Amelie and herself. Think, use your head, you’re a Warrior; there must be something you can do… Crap, where are the guys when you need them most? And then she remembered the mirror in her room.
The demon was about forty yards away, but the glass points were no more resistant than her mirror. The only problem was that she did not want to crack the points; she needed to destroy them entirely.
“Amie, stay down and, please, no matter what happens, do not move. Trust me, okay?”
Amelie nodded, crouched and pressed so hard against the tree trunk it seemed she wanted to merge with it.
“Believe me; I will not let anything happen to you,” Beth assured her, unable to imagine what her friend could be thinking while staring at her brightly lit eyes.
She already knew what to do. Closing her eyes, Beth focused and began to draw energy from the earth. She started hearing a low hum and continued pulling.
More! she thought. I need more. Soon she could feel the air vibrating all around her. Almost there... Just a little more... Beth accumulated energy until she could hear it crackling and buzzing.
 Looking around and pricking her ears, she made sure no one else was hanging in that area. She told Amie to cover her head with her backpack, and, when Beth was sure it was safe, she jumped away from the tree. Focusing directly in the quiver of arrows the demon was carrying, she released all the energy at once.
Several windows blew behind them, as well as the arrowhead that was coming toward her face. From far away she heard the shrill shrieks of the thing. It was writhing on the sterile ground where once had been the gigantic tree that had served as a strategic point for the demon.
Suddenly, Jake and Leon were by her side. From this distance, they too could feel the creature, and they easily located it. She felt a slight touch of energy going through her body, and knew it was Leon doing that thing he did. 
It was like those medical facilities in the Sci-Fi movies, where they use a computer to see through all your body instantly. Yeah, very fictitious, but Leon could do it. And that’s what he was doing; scanning to see if she was alright, instead of just asking. On the other hand, the whole process took him only a second.
“Recharge,” was all he said before taking off after the demon which had already recovered and was trying to escape through the forest.
“Take Amie to a safe place,” Jake said before joining Leon in the chase, both moving at an incredible speed.
Beth was a little shaky and totally worn out because of the astonishing amount of energy she had spent. She looked around and saw the place where she had thrown the arrow. It was in the middle of a circle of completely dead soil. Approaching to see better, she knew, deep down in her soul, that never, ever again would that piece of land sustain any kind of life, and the same was true of the place where the tree once was.
It must be some kind of acid… She shivered at the thought of that liquid spreading across her friend’s chest. “Come on, Amie, let’s get out of here,” Beth said gently while helping her friend to stand.
“Your... Your eyes…” Amelie stammered.
It was probably shock, the absence of words in Amelie, but it left Beth worried. “Oh, sorry.” She closed her eyes, normalized the flow of energy and opened them again. “Better now?”
“Yeah, you were kind of scary, you know?”
“I know. Let’s go,” Beth said, taking her kanzashis and pinning her hair with them again.
With Amelie clinging to Beth’s arm, they headed to the parking lot, which by then was empty except for a fire truck parked at the entrance of the administration building. Her car was on the opposite corner, and they didn’t see anybody else. Thank God Michael and her other friends had not waited for them; she wouldn’t know how to explain Amelie’s current state.
Reaching her car, Beth helped Amelie in; her friend was still silent and was not looking so well but at least Beth did not think she had actually seen the demon, just his arrow and Beth’s glowing-like-beacon eyes.
On their way home, Amelie finally started to react. “Beth, I’ll not want to know what happened back there, will I?”
“Probably not…” Beth sighed.
“But you will tell me anyway, right? I have to know.”
“Let’s get home first, okay?” Beth had absolutely no idea how she would explain it all to Amelie, but she would not lie to her friend.
Chapter 10




Beth parked inside the garage and got out of the car. As soon as her feet touched the ground, she felt it all again, the same presence, the same rush of adrenaline. Oh hell! The guys should have let that thing escape! she thought, already running to hit the button that closed the garage iron door.
“Go inside the workshop, quickly!” she shouted to Amelie who—gratefully—was right in front of it. “And lock the door!”
With a jump, Beth positioned herself between the workshop door—where Amelie was entering—and the garage door—which was closing—with her kanzashis already in her hands, and wobbled. Idiot! I used all my energy and didn’t recharge… Stupid! she thought with a shiver of fear. That would be her first real fight, and it had already begun badly... She could only hope the guys were not very far behind it.
This time the demon was much faster than Beth. Before the gate was entirely closed, he entered rolling and, bouncing on the wall to increase his momentum, hit his feet with thundering force against the left side of her body. She didn’t even have time to react and was already being thrown against the door of the workshop before Amelie could close it.
With the impacting force, Amie was thrown to the side and hit the wall behind the door, losing consciousness while Beth fell to the ground, thoroughly out of breath. Her back and side, where she had been struck, were hurting terribly. Still, in a split second she was up, and managed to deflect the next blow.
Beth spotted the place where the putrid light was shining, but before she could reach it the creature kicked her in the ribs—in the same spot it had hit her before—knocking her back. This time, before Beth could stand, the demon took her, and, still using its unnatural strength, hurled her against the woodwork table at the other side of the room.
The saw blade penetrated deep into the back of her thigh, and her head cracked against the wall. She rolled to the ground, a stunning pain running through her whole body and a pool of blood began to appear beneath her.
The bastard was too strong. And fast. When she realized, he was already on top of her; first spanking and then strangling her. Beth struggled and tried to pull away, punching and kicking, but the thing did not seem to notice her efforts and kept squeezing her windpipe. Her vision was becoming blurred and she was already losing her senses, when she heard Amelie’s voice, shouting ferociously.
 “Let her go now, disgusting thing!”
Beth felt the monster being torn from her chest and gasped, trying to suck air into her lungs. Still coughing and gasping, she tilted her head a little, trying to see what was happening.
Amelie stood a few feet from Beth, with her blonde hair whipping in all directions due to the violence of the gale circulating around her. The creature was stuck on the wall, held there solely by the force of that mysterious and furious wind.
Amelie was holding one of Beth’s kanzashis in her hand and, without hesitation, buried it in the demon’s stomach, crushing the nauseating point of light while saying: “You damned-frigging-freak! No one hurts my best friend!”
With some effort, Beth was able to turn her thrashed body and tried to sit. In an instant, Amie was at her side, supporting her. “Beth, are you okay?” 
Unable to speak because of her sore throat, she just nodded but doing so hurt too. They hugged, well, Amelie hugged her, and they watched as the demon disappeared, hissing. Amie’s eyes were glowing, illuminated by a green light which seemed to come from inside. Just like the eyes of a true Warrior.
Beth allowed Amie to pull her so she could lean against the wall, and stayed there, catching her breath while Amie tried to get her cell to work.
“You need an ambulance, Beth. Damn phone! It must have broken in the melee. Wait just a minute; I’m going to find help. Oh my God, you’re losing too much blood! I’ll be back, don’t move!”
The ‘super-babbling’ was back, which was a good sign; it meant Amelie was OK. But Beth couldn’t let her friend go.
“No!” All she managed was a hoarse whisper. “May have more…”
Amelie hesitated then and Beth could see the dilemma in her friend’s face; needing to go get help but not wanting to leave Beth there alone and helpless. Beth wasn’t worried with herself; she did not think she was ‘that’ hurt. She wasn’t in pain anymore; she was even feeling pretty good. Her head was light and pleasantly foggy. But she wanted to ensure Amelie’s safety and the better way to do that was by keeping her friend there and waiting for Jake and Leon. So she struggled with her throat and managed one more whisper, “Stay, I’m okay.”
“You are so not okay…” Amelie said and, after one more minute of indecision, she stood up, ready to run into the house. Beth tried to hold her friend, but discovered she was in a lot of pain after all, and her body was not obeying her will.
At that moment, they heard Jake calling for them.
“Here in the workshop! Beth is hurt!” Amelie called back, relieved.
Almost immediately Leon entered running, going straight to Beth with Jake right behind him.
“I think she broke something, and there is too much blood,” Amelie whined.
“I’ll take care of her.” Leon kneeled by Beth’s side. “Liz, hold on just a little longer, okay?” He said, already making a tourniquet on her leg using his belt.
“Crap! How is she?” Jake asked, all color abandoning his face as he gazed at his sister.
Their voices were reaching Beth through a dense fog and she was struggling to understand them and stay awake. There was something important about it, staying awake, but she could not remember what.
“Two, no, three broken ribs… One of them punctured her lung…” Leon was reporting at the same time he was scanning her with his energy. “Several bruises and contusions; the neck is badly injured. It affected her throat too… She has a severe concussion and she is losing too much blood, the wound in her leg is pretty ugly. I… I think I can move her safely, but we have to act fast, or we will lose her.”
“Oh shit, shit, shit,” Amelie cried.
“We’ll not lose her. She is the strongest person I know,” Jake said, clenching his teeth. “I’ll go ahead to make sure Toni and Bruno aren’t around; I don’t want them to see her like that.” 
“Liz, I’m gonna lift you now.” Leon’s voice was gentle and quiet. He was gazing at her with concern and guilt all over his face. “I’m sorry, I know it’ll hurt. You can cry all you want, but try not to scream, your throat is highly sensitive.” He was still scanning her, deciding the better way to move her without worsening her condition.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about, Leon.” Amelie was too scared to control her ‘super-babbling’. “Our Beth doesn’t cry, ever.”
The girl gave a muffled shriek seeing Beth gasp when Leon raised her in his arms, but kept talking. “Like, Beth and I are best friends since we were seven, and never in my whole life I have seen, nor met anyone who had seen, Beth shed a single tear, I swear.”
“So, you don’t cry anymore, Liz?” Leon whispered in her ear.
“Don’t... call... Liz.” Beth managed to whisper back as she felt the world spinning around.
“Tsk-tsk, don’t be grumpy. I always called you so and I’ll keep calling you so.” Leon said with his crooked smile; it didn’t reach his distressed eyes.
“I… not… like…” She tried to say that she wasn’t grumpy but was too nauseous. The worry in Leon’s eyes deepened.
“Amelie, did she manage to kill the… the one who attacked her, or is he still around?” Leon turned to the girl walking beside him. They were now exiting the doors leading to the back porch and the garden.
“No, I killed that disgusting thing. And I’ll wait for an explanation as soon as my friend is better. I also want to know why we aren’t rushing to a hospital, I—“
“Amelie, show me your left wrist!” Leon cut the babbling abruptly. The girl grimaced but showed the mark burned there.
“Great! Jake!” Leon shouted. He was walking slowly and being extremely careful not to jolt Beth since her injuries were critical.
“All clear, no one at home.” Jake answered, approaching. “Leon, she is not looking good…”
“I know. Take Amelie and go to that side, out of view of the house. Teach her quickly how to breathe and fill yourselves with energy. I’m going slower, to prevent hurting Liz even more. When you are ready, we can start. We will need to join forces in order to fix what that scoundrel did.”
When Jake looked like he didn’t understand a thing, Leon hurried up. “Amelie is a Warrior too, now hurry; we don’t have time.”
Without questioning, Jake pulled Amelie’s arm and the two ran to the indicated point.
“Liz, still with me?” Leon’s voice softened.
She wanted to respond, but all she managed was a very low moan, he was so far…
“I need you to stay with me, ok? I want you to open your eyes. Can you hear me?”
His voice barely reached her, and she was becoming lighter and lighter.
“Come on, Liz, don’t do this to me! Liz? Please, wake up!”
Some part of her could hear him, but she was too tired to answer. Then she felt something different, a kind of electric shock spreading through her nervous system; a wonderful feeling. So warm, so sweet, so… Beth opened her eyes.
Leon was kissing her! Ok, it wasn’t exactly a kiss; his lips were barely brushing hers so light it was, but still... She shifted in his arms, the anger bringing her back from that state of lightness.
“What?” Beth managed to sound outraged even while whispering hoarsely.
“That’s better,” Leon said, sounding relieved. “If you try to sleep again, I’ll give you another kiss. But this isn’t exactly a threat, is it? I bet you liked it… To be honest, I’ve had better kisses than this, but if you want to try again I’ll not refuse, of course.”
“You… You…” She could not find an appropriate word, and her body was screaming in pain again.
“I always knew that anger makes you stronger,” he said with a grin. “But save your strength, you will need it to recover.” He laid her gently on the ground next to Amelie, who was concentrating on breathing with the earth.
“Okay Liz, now you know what to do. Just concentrate on breathing and sucking energy; we’ll do the rest. You will be as good as new in no time.” He was still with that odious smile on his face.
“You know… I don’t like…” she tried to say.
“That I call you Liz? Yes, I know. I just don’t care.”
“No… I don’t… like you.”
“That’s what you say, but you know what? I don’t believe it.” The last part he said whispering in her ear. In a more normal tone, he concluded, “Now concentrate.”
Beth gave up. She was too weak to argue with him now, so she focused and began to breathe energy into her.
As soon as the mist enveloped her, she started to feel better. Unknown energies joined hers and she knew the others were there, helping to heal the wounds. After what seemed an eternity breathing pure energy, she fell asleep, wrapped in that blessed mist.

When Beth awoke, she was in her room. There was no daylight coming through the balcony; actually it was quite dark outside. Looking at her watch, she saw it was past eight at night, and realized she had slept more than half of the day. She was wearing her favorite shirt; it was so big on her it almost reached her knees, and she was almost clean. She hoped that Amelie was the one responsible for that, or at least Jake.
In a corner were the clothes she had worn before, in a bloody heap. She would have to throw them in the trash or burn them; there’s no way she could explain that to Toni.
Sighing, Beth got up and realized there wasn’t any pain. Checking in the mirror, she noted there weren’t any bruises on her neck; it was fine. Pulling her shirt up and looking for scars on her leg, she found nothing, not even a scratch. Eventually, she took her shirt off and checked around her torso, front and back.
There were some nasty bruises, but the ribs looked okay. She shook her head from side to side then ran her hand over it, no pain, no bumps. Talk about miracles of alternative medicine, she thought. Things would be so easy if only they could promote it and make money just healing people. Then they would not have to worry about the debt.
Beth took her mind back to those minutes of terror in the garage and relived the whole fight, the fear and her vulnerability in front of the enemy, the moment she was defeated, put out of combat.
Her mission was easy: to keep Amie safe. She had failed and her own incompetence could have caused her friend to be killed. The fact that Amie was also a Warrior had been just luck.
Then she recorded in her memory all those feelings and made a vow to herself that she would not fail again. She would not be caught off guard and never would put her friends in danger again.
She looked at her wrist and saw a newly completed pattern in her mark, linked to the center circle by its right side.
It was formed by three small spirals united in the middle but with their ends loose, pointing to the outside. They look like whirlwinds… Amie’s wind… She pondered.
After dressing, Beth missed her kanzashis. They were still on the workshop floor, and she wanted to go get them. But not unarmed, never. Reaching the silver dagger beneath the pillow, she attached it at the waist of her jeans and then expanded her senses to see if she felt any danger; everything was quiet.
The TV was on in the sitting-room, so she went there to join the others for a while. She found her three friends sound asleep. Well two friends—counting my brother—and a pervert-asshole! How dare he kiss me while I’m almost unconscious? That’s it. I will not tolerate his games anymore. I kept quiet for too long; now it’s war, she thought, pissed. 
Beth observed Leon asleep for several minutes. Sure she had noticed how gorgeous he was, but she never allowed herself to look closely at him before. Yeah, he was really, really good to look at. Especially that way, with his mouth shut. And, man, what a mouth…
She let her gaze wander through his lean but strong body. Noticing his defined muscles showing underneath his shirt, she remembered the feeling of being carried by those strong arms… 
She blushed and pulled the picture out of her head. Embarrassed at her own reaction, Beth stormed down the stairs, forcing herself to remember all the things in Leon that annoyed her.
Chapter 11




The garage was OK, but the workshop was a mess. The work tables were turned, the shelves broken, and there were tools scattered everywhere without mentioning all the dried blood covering the floor. It seemed as if a hurricane had passed by—Amie’s hurricane. Obviously the others were too tired after taking care of her to do something about that warzone.
A big wave of gratitude for the best friends ever invaded her; exhausting themselves like that just for her sake. They could have stopped before; leaving her with a scar or some pain. But all she had were a few bruises, which already seemed older as if she had made them several days ago. It was obvious they had reached their very limit fixing her; otherwise she wouldn’t even have those bruises…
Beth would let them rest all they wanted. She would clean it all and then would make dinner, or breakfast, depending on what time they awoke. Yes, now was her turn to work. Determined, she started to clean the place.
She found her precious kanzashis and pinned them in her hair, feeling safer just having them there. Still she expanded her senses again—she thought it would be wise to get used to that routine—and again found nothing out of the ordinary, good.
Resuming her work, after collecting and storing the tools, she pushed all things—tables, benches and some machinery—into an empty corner and began to remove all traces of blood. Beth was on all fours, vigorously rubbing the floor in a corner, when she felt a little gap on the slate floor. One of the stones was loose, right under where the woodwork table was just a moment before, the same in which she cut her leg.
That alone wouldn’t have caught her attention, but there was also a faint ping-ping sound as if the soapy water was dripping and forming a puddle somewhere below Beth’s knees. It was strange because she knew for sure the basement didn’t reach that far.
Following her intuition, she took two screwdrivers and removed the stone, noticing that there was something underneath. Another three stones surrounding the first one were also loose, so she removed them as well, revealing a large steel plate and, within it, a cavity with a slot. Intrigued, she looked up and saw that hanging down from the ceiling was a pulley with chains. She gasped and felt a shiver of pure excitement.
Searching through the boxes, she found a hook of the right size, tied it to one side of the chain and inserted it in the slot. Holding the other side of the chain, she started to pull and lift the steel plate. Only… it was not just a plate, it was a safe… and a very big one, too.
So, okay, if she needed to hide something that big, she would make sure that it was somewhere no one else would think to search, but why would her parents need a secret safe? And why not tell her or Jake about it? Unless it was something from her grandfather… It could even be empty. There was only one way to know—by opening it.
What could be the combination? Jake was usually the best of them in that kind of situation, but she did not want to interrupt his sleep for an empty safe. No, she had to be sure first. Not knowing a thing about her grandfather, she tried to think like her father, hoping he knew about the safe and changed the combination of the lock… So, it would be dates. He always used important dates in his passwords. Okay, now which one? Somewhere in his past was a clue…
The memories invaded Beth’s mind; conversations, events, travels and so on. With each one, she made an attempt and, one by one, they were being discarded. Forcing her mind to go back even further, she reached her first archery championship, her first notable triumph. She was eight, and her father had said: “This date will be engraved in my heart forever…” Could it be? She decided to try it.
With a victorious smile, Beth heard the “click” indicating that the combination was right, and was already preparing to do a weird-happy-dance when the door slipped to the side revealing the safe’s contents. She dropped to her knees, open-mouthed. Yes, her parents had known about the safe, there was no doubt in Beth’s mind about it, and now Jake would have to be awakened because in front of her was the true fortune of their family.

When Amelie and Leon finally understood why Beth was so nervous they discreetly withdrew, letting the twins studying their inheritance alone.
There were jewels worthy of a queen, bearer securities, wads and wads of money and even an extract of an exceptionally healthy account from a bank in a distant country. According to the documents, this was the real legacy from their ancestors, totally untouched. The house was not only saved but also now they were multimillionaires. 
“Hum, okay… Here’s what I think we should do: We’ll use some of the money to pay the debt, keep the other part for our maintenance and take all the rest to a safe in the bank. When we reach adulthood, then we will be able to decide what to do with all of it. So what do you think?” Jake was being very reasonable, but he was also forgetting some crucial things.
“No, Jake. We pay the debt with some of these securities, take about a third of the money to the safe in the house, and leave the rest right here.”
Jake looked as though he would argue, but she stopped him. “We don’t know who our real enemy is. We must equip ourselves better and prepare a suitable place to train in order to discover our true strengths and weaknesses. And we must do all this in total secrecy so no one can know about this fortune. Not even Edgar or our friends… Well, maybe the Warriors.” Beth was focused, thinking of all possibilities. “Perhaps, in addition to the securities needed to pay the debt, we should trade one or two more of them… This way, the townspeople will not find it strange that we manage to sustain ourselves without the insurance money. What do you say?”
“Wow… Who are you and what did you do to my sister? Seriously, I hadn’t thought about any of this. What happened to you?” He was genuinely impressed.
“I got my ass kicked by a ‘furuncles-head’ demon,” Beth said, making a face.
“Oh, well, about that, I need to apologize. I messed up in the woods and let it escape. What happened to you was my fault, I’m terribly sorry.”
“No, I screwed up. I made a huge mistake and paid for it. It will not happen again. Subject closed,” Beth said resolutely.
“All right, I know that look and know better than to argue with you. However, I’ll maintain my apologies and my promise that this is not going to happen again. I will always have your back, okay?” he replied, with equal conviction. “Now, there’s another matter I want to check with you. It’s about Toni and Bruno. I think we should tell them everything. Soon they will grow suspicious of our actions, especially with the changes we will need to make in order to arrange a space to train, not to mention the importance of their safety. You can’t defend yourself from something you don’t know exists, right? And I think they may even help us.”
“Bro, I totally agree with you. I know we can trust them, and there are never too many allies in a war.”

The first time Beth saw Leon after the events of the previous day was in gym class. He was playing basketball while she and Amelie were on the bleachers, watching.
When he saw her, he stopped, cocked his head to one side and checked her out, from toe to head—very slowly—nodding in approval with his sardonic smile, only returning to the game when the coach snapped at him. 
“He has a thing for you,” Amelie whispered, and Beth rolled her eyes. “I’m just saying.”
“Yeah, he has. Something like I-have-this-incredible-need-to-annoy-you,” Beth countered.
“Well, that’s for sure. He doesn’t miss one opportunity to do so.” Amelie laughed.
“Hum... I’m having an idea... Give me a second, Amie.” Beth smiled, putting on her glasses.
She had never tried to do it before but thought she understood how it worked. First, she concentrated, then circulated a bit of energy and focused it on the palm of her hand. After that, it needed to be shaped into something like a small, compact ball. It was quite difficult at first but, after several attempts, she managed.
She could not increase the temperature of it like Leon could, but she discovered that the more energy she forced into the tiny ball, the higher the temperature became. Certainly for him, it was much easier than that. Eventually, she had an invisible ball which produced the impression of a soft and pleasant touch, much like Leon’s ‘ghost-fingers’. Then, following her evil inspiration, she made the ball go through her neck and nape.
“What do you think?” Beth asked while making the ball caress Amie’s face.
“Beth, how did you do that? It has your perfume! You totally will teach me to do it!” Amie squeaked.
“Shhh, now watch. It will be funny.” Beth gave a mischievous smile.
“Hum? No… You will not… Oh man, you will, won’t you? Oh-my-God, I think he will go crazy!” Amelie laughed, clapping her hands excitedly.
Beth sent the sphere onto the court and waited for the right moment. Before long, Leon received a pass and was ready to make his shot. 
Using her compacted energy, she made a slight caress on his cheek. Startled, Leon let the ball slip from his hands, and then looked straight at her as she cynically faked a cheer for him.
Now he would be better prepared, but Beth knew, darned well, the sensation those spheres caused on the skin. At his next attempt to make a shot, she sent the energy slowly up the back of his nape, caressing his hair. He missed again and rested his hands on his knees, shaking his head.
“Beth, he is going to kill you!” Amelie tried to stifle a laugh, covering her mouth with both hands, tears running down her face with the effort.
After several missed passes and shots, the coach took him out of the game. Leon left the court looking very upset. He put on his glasses and sat in the farthest corner, with his back to the wall, to drink water.
Beth quickly dissipated the ball of energy and took off her own glasses. “Stop laughing, Amie. He will come over here soon. Act naturally and just agree with me,” Beth said, without taking her gaze from the game and barely moving her lips.
It had taken some time before Leon approached the bleachers. His face did not show a thing about what was going on his mind, and he was wearing his glasses. He stopped right in front of Beth, blocking the view of the game she was pretending to watch. 
She cleared her face of any expression and stared at him. With a lopsided half smile, he supported his foot on the bench beside her and propped his elbow on his knee, approaching his face to hers. His mouth was only inches from hers, and his breath warmed her cheeks. He said nothing, just raised an eyebrow and waited.
“Oh, hi Leon, it seems the game wasn’t very good for you, huh?” Her face displayed pure innocence.
“So, do you like to play dirty? You may want to think twice before tempting me like that.” His voice was low and hoarse, sending goose bumps up her arms.
Beth stood and put some distance between them while swallowing hard. Regaining her calm she feigned guilt and regret. “Oh! I’m so sorry! I think it didn’t work properly... I was only trying to help... I thought you could still be tired from yesterday. I swear I trained with Amie, and she confirmed that it only gave her a little extra oomph... Right, Amie?” Beth even managed to look embarrassed.
“Exactly, like taking lots of coffee or those energy drinks, only much better. You must have lost your concentration, Beth.” Amie followed her hint perfectly.
“Hum, well... I really owe you my thanks for yesterday so, thank you,” Beth said, already moving away. “Let’s go change, Amie; I don’t want to be late for the next class.” 
The two of them almost ran toward the girls’ locker room where he could not follow. From the door, they risked a glance. He was sitting on the bench they had just left, with his head between his hands.
“Wow! I think you really rocked his world,” Amie said, and the two laughed.

That afternoon, the four Warriors—Beth, Jake, Amie and Leon—met. Together they agreed to reveal the truth to the two employees of the house. So they were called, and Leon explained the whole story again; which was good since Amie hadn’t heard it thoroughly yet.
After the shock and witnessing a few demonstrations of power, Toni and Bruno ended up believing and even accepting that their little children were not kids anymore but actually Warriors of Thera.
Now they could finally begin to make the necessary changes to the property.
The first idea came from Bruno; to convert the shed into a training facility. He understood the demons were unusually strong and probably accustomed to all kinds of fighting styles. A good physical condition and some knowledge of martial arts could make a huge difference in future confrontations.
Thus, Bruno became their instructor and trainer, and set up a rigid program for everyone, even for himself and Toni, since they were not without risk of being mauled and eaten by the weird creatures.
Toni suggested the idea of exchanging the arrows points from steel to silver and reminded the twins about an eccentric friend of their father who was a brilliant craftsman, specialized in the manufacture of bows and crossbows. She said that it was he who taught and assisted their father while he was making their birthday-present.
Once during a visit, this craftsman made demonstrations of a crossbow so small it could be used whilst tied to the wrist with a leather wristband. The wristband served not only to secure the limbs of the mini-bow to the sides when not in use but also to carry the mini-arrows, which could easily be made of silver.
Its range was not extraordinarily long, but if they used their energy to propel the projectiles then it would be a long range weapon as lethal as any bow, only much more discreet.
Beth liked the idea so much that she contacted the man right away and ordered a dozen of the tiny crossbows. Luckily he had a large stock, and it would take only a few days to arrive.

In the evening, Michael called wanting to take Beth out on a date. They were spending very little time together, and even less time alone. This was seriously undermining their relationship—that is, even more than it already had been. Jake stood up to Beth and said there was no way she would leave the house without, at least, one more Warrior. If they were indeed being hunted they needed to be careful. The others agreed.
Deep down, Beth knew they were right, but this did not prevent a serious fight with Leon, who—from her point of view—had no right to opine about her personal life.
In the end, it was decided that she and Michael would have to settle for the mini cinema they had at home, plus the promise they would have all the privacy they wanted, unless a demon attacked the house.
The main problem that arrangement would create—at least for Beth—was that their comfy couch and the total absence of strangers would generate far more intimacy than the chairs in the real movies, and Beth was afraid Michael would think that was exactly what Beth wanted, thus ruining their time together. 
So, when Michael arrived, they had a serious conversation about the whole issue of her being stressed with her parents death, the debt and Jake’s illness and not being ready for sex yet.
Michael was remarkably understanding and was willing to wait as long as she wanted. He really cared about her, and Beth knew he was a great guy, or she wouldn’t be with him for so long.
It was a nice evening; they watched a comedy, talked, laughed and even played some pool. When she took him to the door it was quite late, and he gave her a long, sweet kiss—without wandering hands.
Without a doubt, it had been exactly how things used to be between them, before the accident. Nevertheless, deep down, Beth admitted to herself that spending time with Michael now didn’t make her as happy as it did a few months ago.
The next day was Saturday and the whole gang decided to go to Earth Valley. Michael declined the invitation saying he had to help his father. He did that sometimes when Mr. Priscott was working on an important case. 
The guys—Jake, Leon and Bernard—were sorting things out with Edgar while the girls—Beth, Amelie and Chloe—went shopping. It was the beginning of autumn and the weather was pleasant now that the heat wave had passed, at least till the next one hit the area again.
Beth had explained to Bernard and Chloe about the bearer securities she had found, in order to appease their worries, but she did not tell them about the secret safe or about the Warrior thing, and she felt like a liar. That feeling was not good at all. 
That’s why, when Chloe tried to talk about how she found the securities and about her financial situation, Beth changed the subject and started talking about her relationship with Michael. Now the three of them were sitting in front a cafe in the mall, still talking about it.
“Seriously, it is very good, but not like all that stuff you read in books. Maybe it’s different if you do it with someone you love, but I wouldn’t know that. Anyway, this whole virginity thing is too overrated for my taste,” Amelie said.
“Well, then I’ll tell you, when you truly love someone and the two of you make love, it is just like in the books, perhaps even more. There is a whole world of amazing feelings involved. Just think about it; when you are in love, a simple touch from that person can make you have intense reactions. Now imagine how it is when things get hot…” Chloe retorted. “But I need to be honest; I think that your relationship with Michael is… Well, you know… It seems that things aren’t as they should be. Don’t misunderstand me, but… It seems you kind of avoid…” Chloe seemed to be having problems with her speech because she did not like to say anything that could make her friends uncomfortable. Amelie did not have the same issue.
“What dear Chloe is trying to say, is that you are not in love. You don’t feel any of these wonderful things with Michael. He just doesn’t turn you on. Your problem is not deciding about doing it or not, it is that you don’t feel the need; he is not ‘the guy’ for you, so you’re wasting time with him when you should be out there looking for your ‘special’ someone, one who could make you feel it all. Oh, I think that came out a bit confusing, but you understood what I meant.”
“I don’t know if I understood. Are you telling me that I should break up with Michael because I don’t want to have sex? Not everything is about sex! He is a great guy, and I like him, a lot.” Beth was a little offended by her friend’s bluntness.
“That’s not what this is about, Beth. You should never have sex if you aren’t ready for it, whether you love someone or not. I’m talking about feelings. Michael doesn’t take your breath away nor make your heart beat like crazy, nor give your stomach any fluttering sensation, at least not anymore,” Amelie explained.
 “Well, maybe I’m just going through some kind of phase and all I need is to take my time until things go back to the way they were…” Beth wanted to believe in what she was saying.
“You may be right; you have been through tough times and everything is still recent. You should wait and see what happens from now on, but don’t waste your nights thinking about it, just relax.” Chloe tried to comfort her.
“You know, Beth, sometimes things just happen even without us wanting them. And sometimes, those things can be surprisingly good if we dare to take a chance on them. Just don’t refuse to see what is right under your nose.”
At that moment, the guys showed up, the matter was dropped, and Beth did not have a chance to ask Amelie what she meant by that.
Chapter 12




The next week passed without any demon-related incidents. Besides attending school and going through the daily training, Jake, Leon, Amelie and Beth also patrolled the woods around town in an attempt to find the portal but, until then, nothing was found.
On Tuesday, during lunch break, Leon found the perfect opportunity to take his revenge on Beth. Michael had cornered her behind the cafeteria and Angeline, the daughter of the local pastor, happened to pass by them in the exact moment that Michael was giving Beth a heart-stopping kiss. Suddenly, the girl turned around with her face as red as a tomato and slapped Michael on the cheek while calling him a pervert. 
Michael tried to act as if it hadn’t bothered him, saying that they should just be more careful with any sort of PDA when Angeline was close by, but Beth knew he was mortified by the girl’s reaction and the fact that the angry red imprint of her hand stayed there till the end of the school day didn’t help much either.
Beth also knew that Angeline didn’t care about PDA, unless her boyfriend was the one doing it. No, what happened was all Leon’s fault. She had seen everything, but admitting she hadn’t been as into the kiss as Michael was not going to happen. Besides, what would she say? That Leon had used an energy ball to brush Angeline’s butt and since Michael was the only one close enough to do such a thing he was the one taking the blame? No, Beth decided to keep her mouth shut, but she didn’t forget either. She could take it when Leon messed with her but humiliating her boyfriend was a little too much. Leon would pay for that prank.
The next day, Beth had already plotted her own revenge. It took place in the middle of the hallway when the students were changing classes, hurrying for their second period.
Leon was walking, totally clueless to the fact that she was following him with her energy sphere already at hand. His next class was at the end of the hallway, and there was a group of girls that always stopped to chat at the door. Suzy, the chosen victim, was among them. Beth wasn’t going to embarrass her or anything like that; she wasn’t Leon, and although he was a jerk she knew that he wasn’t going to do it either, preferring to endure the consequences of what Beth was about to do instead of hurting the feelings of an innocent girl.
Suzy was not an average teen. She stood at 6.2ft, and her shoulders were as large as Bern’s. The girl was not pretty either, but she had a good heart and was quite funny, although her manners resembled those of a truck driver. Well, no one ever accused Beth of being a saint, so whatever. 
Leon approached the girls and patiently waited till they noticed him and stepped back to let him enter the class. Beth had seen that before more times than she was able to count. The girls did it on purpose in an attempt to call his attention, and Beth was going to grant their wishes.
Her sphere caressed the back and the hair of Suzy. The girl knew Leon was right behind her and jumped to the conclusion that it was his hand doing the job. Of course, Leon sensed Beth’s energy, but he didn’t have time to do anything about that because Suzy turned around and eagerly pulled him to her side.
That should show him not to mess with Michael. Beth was sure Leon would have a hard time convincing Suzy that he had no intention to date her after such display of affection, and judging by the glare he threw her way, he knew that too. Beth grinned at him and knew that it was official, they were at war.
At first, their friends enjoyed and laughed at some of the pranks they plotted against each other but soon the pranks turned to fierce fights, with lots of yelling. They argued about everything and sometimes even about nothing. Who could have guessed that Leon’s temper was so similar to Beth’s? Both had a hard time controlling their anger issues and their friends learned very quickly that remaining neutral during their fights was the better way to keep their good health.
However, there was a general consensus among Jake, Amelie and Bruno; it was better for all if the two of them avoided sparring together and Beth could not agree more.
She spent all her free time learning how to fight, training, studying her skills and improving her fitness. When she was not doing those things, she was searching for new equipment and weapons or anything else that could help them survive their future battles because all of them knew they would come sooner or later and Beth was betting on the sooner.
She was sure the real war—the one against the demons and not the one against Leon—had not even begun, and intended to use all her available time to improve their chances against the nauseating creatures.
They had managed to gather a wide variety of weapons at home, including guns and rifles. The Warriors themselves fashioned silver bullets in the workshop, but those were more for Toni and Bruno’s defenses since the Warriors preferred to use knifes and arrows as they did not draw so much attention.
One of her biggest concerns was that, despite spending the day time with the other Warriors, Amelie still had to go to her home almost every night, unless they could convince her mother to let her spend the night yet again.
The nights were easily the most vulnerable hour for all of them, and being alone did not improve Amelie’s chances. At least in the house, they could watch each other’s backs.
Soon Chloe would be moving there, since her mother’s trip was approaching, and, with much insistence, Beth convinced her not to change the plans made before the accident when Jake woke up. Maybe they could convince Amelie and her family too? If Amie’s parents thought the twins needed the rent money, they certainly would not deny it. Beth did not like lying, but apparently that was one thing she could not avoid at present.
Decided, she talked to Amelie about it and discovered that her friend shared Beth’s worries and promised to talk with her folks that same night.
Amelie’s parents were very fond of the twins and were worried about their precarious situation. Just after the accident, they tried to provide financial aid, but Beth did not accept it. Still they had made it clear she could count on them for anything she needed. Besides, like many in Silver Blade, they spent most of their time working out of town.
And that’s why on that Saturday, October first, Chloe and Amelie spent the day moving to the Monterey’s house and unpacking their things.
It was a relief to have Amelie safe with them, but still there was one more problem bugging Beth’s mind. They needed to find a way to make their home a safe place. She had researched all kinds of alarms and locks. Unfortunately, none of them seemed to be effective against the demons’ abilities, and the idea of waking up in the middle of the night with one of those ‘things’ perching on top of her or her friends was not pleasant at all. So she decided this would be her biggest priority from now on.
That’s what Beth was thinking in the early evening that same day. The girls had finished unpacking, and decided to celebrate by making a bonfire on their grass field to roast marshmallows.
“Earth to Beth! I’m talking to you here.” Chloe was shaking her arm.
“Oh, sorry, I was totally distracted… What were you saying?” Beth questioned, taking her burned marshmallow off the fire and throwing it away.
“I asked why you were so angry earlier,” Chloe repeated.
Beth thought about what had happened that afternoon during the training. She and Leon were alone in the shed—ignoring their instructions—while the girls were settling in their new rooms, and Jake was out with Bruno. 
Anyway, it seemed like a good idea at the time and both even agreed to a truce. They were making tests with their energy, accumulating it in spheres and then building it up. Everything was going just fine until their spheres accidentally collided and released a surge of power that threw the two of them backwards, their bodies entangling with each other.
Leon ended up on top of her, and obviously made a lame joke about the day they first met and were in a similar position. It was not even a fight or discussion, but she had given him a nasty answer and left the shed.
The problem? She was furious with herself. After leaving with as much dignity as she could muster, Beth had to lean against the outside wall until her heart stopped hammering in her chest, and her legs regained a more sustainable form since they seemed to be made of some kind of gelatin, while the rest of her body was on fire.
For this reason, she had spent the last few hours swimming like crazy until her body was absolutely exhausted and unable to have strange reactions she did not want.
For sure, she would not reveal any of that to her friends, so she simplified it. “Leon.”
“Girl, what’s wrong with you two? Honestly you’re worse than those males Siamese Fighting Fish when placed in the same aquarium!” Chloe said, disapprovingly. (‘Betta splendens’, ornamental fish, which male doesn’t stand the presence of another, and sometimes even kill the females)
“Nope, they are more like a couple of Oscars,” Amie grinned, putting a perfectly toasted candy in her mouth. (‘Astronotus ocellatus’; fish whose mating ritual is highly aggressive, with male and female fighting and attacking each other)
“Shut up you two! Why all this analogy with aquarium fishes? It’s just an I-don’t-like-you-and-you-don’t-like-me kind of thing,” Beth muttered removing one more piece of charcoal from the fire and giving up on the marshmallows.
“By the way, where are those two? Jake and Leon should be here with us.” Amelie looked toward the house.
“Jake said they were coming. One hour ago,” Beth answered, distracted. The feeling of being watched was back, but by now she knew there was no one, only her imagination. “Hey, how is that—…“ She turned to Chloe intending to make a question but stopped mid-sentence as soon as she saw the frightened face of her friend, staring at some point in the dark field. “Chloe, there’s something wrong?”
“I don’t know… Yes, I feel… Oh Beth, there’s something very bad coming our way,” Chloe said, jumping up.
Immediately, Beth stood up and expanded her senses. She could not feel anything different. Amelie, who had apparently done the same, looked at Beth, confused, but said nothing.
“There’s nothing there, Chloe. Calm down.” Beth tried to sound confident but was still searching the area.
“Yes there is, and whatever ‘it’ is, is coming straight to us, fast!” Chloe insisted, her voice sounding wild.
Looking again at Chloe, Beth was startled. Her friend seemed like a wild cat, with bright green eyes, crouched in a fighting position. Beth could not muster any comments because at that moment she felt the demon too, or more accurately, demons. There were two of them approaching from the end of the field.
“Who would have thought our little Chloe was a Warrior? Welcome to the team, girl!” Amie said as she prepared to fight.
“Stay together; the guys should arrive at any minute.” Beth gave Chloe her knife. “Stay behind me; with any luck you will not have to fight.”
“She won’t listen to you now,” Amelie said. “She has just awakened, and all she can think right now is to fight as happened to me.”
Nodding, Beth rolled up her sleeves and unlocked her mini crossbow, seeing Amelie doing the same. When the creatures came within range, she aimed… or tried to.
“Damn! Amie, can you see where the target is?” Beth had to ask since she could not find any spot of light on the demons.
“Negative,” Amie replied, shooting anyway and hitting one creature in the chest. It did not slow down even a bit; just kept running.
Those demons’ skins were bluish green. Their physical structure reminded Beth of gorillas somewhat, only they had not a single hair on their whole body and were a little less bent over. As large as their friend Bern, they were more than six and a half feet tall, had muscular arms and legs and were naked except for a tiny thong. Their lower jaws were much bigger than the upper ones and enormous teeth could be seen outside their mouths. They had three eyes, all black, and no putrid light indicating their weak point.
They were much closer now. Beth aimed at the eyes of the closest one and shot. He howled. It was an angry sound rather than a painful one, and he did not slow down either. She quickly shot at the remaining eyes, blinding it. Still it continued to run, perhaps led by the girls’ scent.
Since the arrows were not doing the job, Beth pulled out her kanzashis and went into close combat with it while Amelie and Chloe went after the other one with their knives in hand.
The demon was strong and a decent fighter. She punched, kicked and stabbed, deflecting the demon’s blows, but the putrid light was still a no show; the creature simply hadn’t one. He bled from the injuries, but otherwise seemed to feel none of her blows, nothing she did caused it pain or had any significant effect, and she knew they were going to be in big trouble real soon if one of them did not find out how to stop those hairless things.
“Beth, behind you!” Chloe shouted.
Jumping to the side, she saw two more demons attempting a surprise attack through her back. Luckily for her, despite being strong and seemingly indestructible, they were not terribly smart or fast.
After a quick glance toward the other girls, she realized the monsters were isolating them. Amelie and Chloe were fighting together with one of those creatures, but were being as successful as she was on the issue of eliminating the threat.
Facing three demons now, Beth kept hitting and defending. The most she could do was push them away from her in time to fend off another blow.
She tripped two of them, knocking them to the ground while dodging a punch coming from the third. She gave him a high kick, throwing the demon over the other two. Feeling a kind of energy disturbance behind her, she turned.
There was a green shield in front of her, and it had trimmed the blows of another two demons. Momentarily confused, Beth looked around and saw that Amie was fighting alone. Chloe was standing to one side, with her hands clasped in front of her chest. The new Warrior was responsible for the shield, which probably saved Beth’s life.
One of the demons also noticed Chloe and attacked her, forcing the petite Warrior to defend herself and drop the shield.
More creatures appeared, and Beth seemed to be attracting the attention of most of them. Amelie and Chloe were trying to reach her, but the demons with which they were fighting did not give them the opportunity.
Beth couldn’t see clearly beyond the sea of monsters circling her. Several times, she felt Chloe’s shield protecting her back, and every now and then, Amie’s mini-twister opened for her a little more space to fight. Even from afar, her friends were trying to help her in any way they could. She also was using her own discharges of energy, both to attack and defend, but although she was constantly sucking the earth force, it was fading too fast. There were too many demons now; she counted at least ten of them fighting with her alone.
“Beth, catch these!” It was Jake’s voice. She looked and saw him throw two silver machete knives at her. She jumped and caught them in the air thinking that at least now the real fight could begin.
Leon appeared—God knows how—by her side inside the circle formed by the demons. He also was armed with silver machetes and, after a quick exchange of glances, they positioned themselves back to back, strengthening their defenses. Surprisingly, the two of them fought extremely well together, and despite their strained relationship they seemed to be in perfect sync. Moving as one, Beth and Leon started to—literally—cut the horde into pieces.
Jake was fighting from the outside of the wall of demons, and Beth could not see what he was using—it seemed to be an ax. Amie and Chloe also had new weapons and were trying to break through the circle.
Gunshots indicated that Bruno and Tony had joined in the fight. The head of one of the demons exploded and he fell, but he stood up again mere seconds later—totally headless and gross—beating his fists blindly.
Beth and Leon cut and mutilated, but nothing made the demons stop fighting; they just did not die. Even severed arms still tried to reach her. She was covered with sticky black blood, and it reeked so badly she thought she could throw up if the demons gave her time for it.
“How do we kill these damn things?” Beth asked Leon, who had just decapitated another demon.
“No idea, just keep cutting. How are you?” Leon asked while blocking a punch and counterattacking.
“Getting tired. We have to do something and fast.” Her muscles were beginning to throb, and she knew none of them could keep up that macabre-dance for much longer.
Leon glanced at her, worried, and turned again. Suddenly, a circle of fire appeared around them, pushing the creatures back a little, giving Beth a chance to, at least, catch her breath.
The guns continued to shoot and the other Warriors continued to cut, but the demons only seemed to grow in number. There were at least fifteen of them still intact and countless more too maimed to do much more damage—although their limbs were still trying—not to mention those who were in between stages.
Taking advantage of Leon’s fire shield, Beth focused for a moment; a suspicion hovering in her mind. She sent a wave of energy—something similar to a sonar—to the surroundings and felt, rather than saw, a demon on the edge of the shed, far away from the fight, and that demon had a very visible point of light. 
“Jake!” she called over the roaring of the beasts.
He looked at her and, with a sign, Beth showed him the demon beside the shed. Jake nodded and disappeared from her sight. Her instincts told her she was right.
“Leon, do you think you can accumulate a good amount of energy very fast?” Beth asked, still breathless but loud enough to be heard by him.
“While fighting? I can try, but to do so I’ll have to put out the fire. Not that these things could care less about it.” He answered, cutting off a creature’s leg. 
“Ok, do it.”
Just like that, the fire shield was gone, and Beth could feel Leon pulling energy from the earth. She began to do the same, sucking as much as she could, without stopping fighting.
Between one monster and another, Beth found Chloe’s gaze and, as best friends always do, they managed to communicate without words. Chloe pulled Amie back, distancing them from the horde surrounding Beth and Leon. Two demons followed the girls, but the rest stayed where they were.
“When I yell ‘NOW’ cover your eyes,” Beth warned Leon.
“Shit, you will do something crazy, won’t you?” Leon replied through gritted teeth as his machete chopped off a fist, which had been coming toward her face, from a demon’s wrist. 
“Trust me,” she pleaded, cutting off the other arm of the same demon.
“Always,” he answered, to Beth’s surprise. She couldn’t believe how good a team they were when not fighting against each other.
An inhuman squeal, so high it could have easily awakened the dead, spread through the night, momentarily silencing all the demons. As soon as the cry faded, Beth saw points of light appearing everywhere.
She was right; killing the one outside the battle had made all the others vulnerable. But now the Warriors were too tired to kill them all… Thankfully she had a plan.
“NOW!” Beth shouted, loud enough for Chloe to hear her from afar, and grabbed Leon’s arm.
With the touch, she felt her skin tingle and Leon’s energy trying to mix with hers. This had not been her intention… Yes, she had wanted to use the two energies, but not like that, not mingling them inside of her. She tried to reject the foreign energy, forcing it to separate from her own.
Her internal struggle began to generate electricity. Beth could feel it increasing rapidly around them. Okay, the original idea involved that reaction; she only thought it would occur outside her body. The amount of energy accumulating inside her was almost too much to bear.
She focused at a point above her head and Leon’s, sending all that energy there, and then released it. The whole process took about two seconds while the demons were still confused.
At the exact moment the energy was released, a green light surrounded Beth and Leon completely, forming a solid barrier around them. As soon as she could, Beth dropped Leon’s arm and pushed him away from her, into a corner of the shield, while she crouched on the opposite side.
Beth knew—or felt—it could be dangerous if they touched again while their energy was still mixed and running inside her body. She did not manage to send all of it away, nor could she separate them right now.
A thundering was heard, making the ground vibrate as an electrical discharge, like lightning, traveled through the outside surface of the shield, hitting all those demons around them. The ‘things’ fell to the ground.
Many turned to ash instantly, but some still had their putrid lights shining. Amelie and Chloe were already taking care of those, and soon Jake joined them. Toni and Bruno withdrew since they could not see the demons’ vital points and their presence now would only worsen the mess.
Beth was lying on the ground, struggling to regain control over her energy, which seemed to want to rip her apart.
“Liz, are you okay?” Leon asked, approaching and outstretching a hand to help her.
“No, don’t touch me! I’m fine,” she snapped at him.
Beth did not mean to be rude. For the first time in days, she was not feeling the urge to strangle him. It’s just that her head was a mess; she barely knew what was going on around her in that moment.
He retrieved the hand that was extended but kept gazing at her. She turned her face so he could not see how confused and afraid she was and lifted her body to a sitting position, which was not so easy since her body was still suffering shockwaves. She was trembling, sweating and exhausted.
“Don’t worry, I’ll not touch you. I was just trying to see if you were injured,” he said, already walking away and not waiting for an answer.
Feeling miserable, Beth got up and went to check if the others were alright. Aside from bruises, scratches and fatigue, the Warriors were all well. Chloe even seemed excited about something, and Beth had to concentrate hard to get past through the buzzing in her ears and listen to her friend.
“Beth, look! Look what I can do!” Chloe said, putting her hand over a small cut in Jake’s forearm. Her hand gave off a pale green light, similar to the color of her shield, and the wound was gone. “Isn’t it cool?”
“That’s great, Chloe! I bet we’ll all thank you for this skill sometime soon,” Beth said, amazed. She made a move to take her friend’s hand, but an electric spark snapped between them before they could actually touch. “Oops, sorry. I thought I had managed to discharge everything… Apparently it will take some more time.”
With the corner of her eyes, she saw Leon staring at her. He seemed to understand why she reacted so fiercely when he tried to touch her since his lopsided smile was back on his face. Of course, it was not a real smile, only that cynical one he usually used when he wanted to annoy her, and she became irritated.
“So where the hell were you two while we girls were fighting for our own lives?” Beth’s words were bitter, and she directed the question at Leon and his stupid smile.
It worked because he erased his smile and seemed embarrassed, but it was Jake who answered her question.
“Hum… Watching a basketball game. I’m sorry, sis.”
She rolled her eyes and again turned to Leon. The urge to strangle him was back. “You two will make the rounds and be sure that not even one of those weird things escaped while we, the girls, will take a nice, long and well deserved shower.” Turning around and gazing at her brother, she softened her voice a little. “Jake, I suppose you’ll want to explain everything to Chloe by yourself?”
“Sure thing. You can go and rest, sis, you look like hell, you know?” He said, jokingly but a little worried too. Seeing that Beth was preparing to give him some kind of nasty answer, he quickly turned to his girlfriend. “I mean, if Chloe doesn’t mind waiting a little until I finish the patrol through the property…”
Chloe squeezed his hand and nodded, smiling sweetly at him. Beth swallowed her comment; it was not the right time to start some argument with her brother; besides, he probably was right, at least she felt like hell. Throwing one more glare at Leon, she gestured the girls to follow and left. Still she heard Leon talking to Jake.
“Oh man, your sister is scorching hot when she’s all disheveled and bossy…”
They laughed. Jake, trying to be serious, answered.
“Take it easy, Leon… I don’t think it’s a good idea to tease her right now… Did you saw how she fought tonight? I bet she could kick our asses in the blink of an eye.”
Chapter 13




After a shower, Beth laid on her bed, exhausted and still wrapped in a towel. She needed to dress and see how Chloe was dealing with the sudden turn in her life. Unfortunately, her body did not agree with her mind and was unwilling to move again. Sighing aloud, she turned her head and observed the newly completed pattern on her mark. It was on the top of the central circle.
This one resembled a geometrical form, a trapezium to be more precise, but at the bottom of it were two lines, parallel to the base, which was open in the middle. In the center of this figure, was a lonely spiral…
While analyzing her mark as a whole, an idea popped into her mind. The more she thought about it, the more confident she became. Beth had always been a little intuitive, but since her ‘awakening’ as a Warrior, her intuition seemed to yell at her constantly, and now, finally, she knew how to make their home a safe place, a sanctuary free of all kinds of demons. Smiling, she fell asleep without even realizing it.

That could only be a dream... Beth and Jake were kids, about five. They were running and playing in a big garden, but not theirs. There was someone else with them, another kid; a boy with hair as black as the night and happy, expressive grey eyes. They were all laughing that kind of laughter only innocent children know how to make.
“Come on, Liz! Hold my hand, I’ll help you!” the little boy with grey eyes called.
Laughing even harder, she held his hand and they ran together toward a swing where Jake was already playing. However, before arriving there, her hand slipped from his.
“Don’t, Liz, come back!” the boy cried as she was being pulled away from him, going higher and higher, like a gas balloon. She tried to hold his hand again but could not reach it anymore.
Waking up with a start, she noticed that there was someone knocking at her door. Beth did not move. She was still tired and was thinking about that strange dream. There was something… A sense of déjà vu. Again, her brain shut down and refused to find what she was searching for. A memory? Whatever it was, it continued to tease her, slipping through her fingers every time she came near it.
Sighing, she turned on the bed, regretting the slight move immediately. Her head seemed to have been bombarded with grenades. She felt… wrong, somehow. Concentrating, she searched her energy flow to find the problem and discovered that it was all weird and unfamiliar.
It looked as though one good night of deep sleep had not been enough for her body to expel that alien presence—Leon’s energy—from within her. Maybe she should try to breathe with the earth and see if it could purify her energy again.
Beth heard whisperings behind her door and then someone knocked again. Beth groaned and asked who it was, rearranging the towel around her body, her head throbbing like crazy.
“It’s just us, Amie and Chloe,” Chloe said, and Beth grunted. 
Apparently the girls considered that sound as a welcoming answer since they opened the door and entered.
“Gee girl, you look like trash!” Amelie said amiably, sitting on the bed.
“Good morning to you too,” Beth greeted.
“Hum, it’s almost two in the afternoon, and we were worried about you,” Chloe informed her, sitting on a chair.
Beth looked at the clock beside her bed in disbelief. She had slept for almost fifteen hours straight.
“Ugh, I really feel like trash,” she groaned, agreeing with Amelie.
“Come on, get up. Michael is down there waiting for you,” Amie said, opening the curtain of the balcony.
“No, I can’t see him! Amie you’ll have to make something up for me, he has to leave,” Beth despaired.
“Oh come on, you’re not that bad.” Chloe said, grinning.
“It’s not that...” Beth sighed and reached her hand toward her bedside lamp. A spark shot from her fingers and blew out the lamp.
“Uh, Okay… I’ll send him away. You will stay right here, understood? Do not move till I come back,” Amelie said, worried.
“Amie, please, not a word to anybody, okay?” Beth asked, and her friend opened her mouth to protest, so she quickly explained. “I’m not saying I don’t need help, I just don’t want the guys jumping around me. Not to mention how much Leon would annoy me. I certainly would end up electrocuting him just to shut him up.”
That seemed to convince Amelie and her friend left, closing the door behind her.
“Beth, aside from this electric-girl-superpowers thing, how are you feeling?” Chloe asked gently.
“Not so good,” Beth admitted. “There seems to be a short circuit inside my head and my energy is flowing all wrong and crazy.”
“Maybe I can help? I mean, if you let me try… Leon said that I have healing skills.”
“Sure, maybe you really can.” Beth got a little excited, remembering the new ability of her friend. “But we should wait for Amelie, ok? So… How are you? I’m guessing Jake has already explained who we are and what is happening to you.”
“Yeah, he has. It’s weird… My whole life changed in one night, and I know I should be freaking out but, I’m not.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t know. It’s like... When Jake was telling me about the Warriors, other worlds and Thera, well, it seemed like I already knew it all but had somehow forgotten. It was as if my life had been wrong before, and now it is on the right track again. I am exactly where I should be. At least, that’s how I’m feeling right now. Maybe I’m just in shock.” The pixie-Warrior shrugged.
 When Amie returned to the room, Beth was already dressed and irritated. She had just burned out her computer, and she had barely bumped into it.
“Honey, you are a walking-destruction-device,” Amie said, seeing the white smoke still rising from the unit. “Should we make some kind of isolation area around you? What’s happening?”
Beth lowered her body onto the edge of her bed—far away from anything electrical—and motioned for the girls to sit down too.
“I’m sure you two already noticed that our ‘Warrior condition’ doesn’t come with an instruction manual. But soon after ‘awakening’ we know exactly how to fight and use some skills we never thought existed. We are, in most part, guided by our instincts.”
“That’s right. When it happened to me, I knew how to create and control the wind, even without having the slightest idea about what was really happening. I just knew it was what I needed to do in order to save you,” Amie agreed.
“Yeah, and I knew how to do that protective shield and how to heal minor injuries…” Chloe added.
“Okay, so that’s exactly what I did yesterday. Do you know that plan at the end of the fight? Pure instinct. I just knew what everyone had to do to defeat those demons. But, when it was time for me to do my part, I probably screwed up,” Beth explained.
“But it worked; we did it!” Chloe cried.
“Sure it worked. But even when I was manipulating the energy, I already knew something had gone the wrong way. The energy wasn’t responding the way I had imagined it would. Somehow, I managed to mend the situation, and everything went accordingly. Well, at least almost everything. Apparently my mistake left some sequels. Now we have to figure out how to fix this because I feel that my energy is all wrong. The electrical discharges are only a side effect caused by the mess that is going on within me,” Beth concluded her explanation. She did not mention Leon or that the reason for all that mess was his energy. After all, that was totally irrelevant.
“Alright, I guess I understand, more or less… I agree to keep the guys out of this; they are nutty enough already,” Chloe said distractedly, then, clearing her throat, she motioned to Beth. “Okay, relax and I will take a look at it.
Obeying, Beth laid down on her bed and Chloe knelt by her side concentrating.
“I can feel your energy flowing… You’re right, there is something weird going on with it. It’s like having two different poles, and they are fighting each other… If I succeed in harmonizing the flow, you will return to normal.” Chloe changed her position, getting closer to the bed to put her hands over Beth’s body.
When Chloe’s hands approached, there was a bright spark and an electric shock threw the little Warrior to the opposite side of the room.
“Chloe!” Amie and Beth cried at the same time.
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” Chloe said, accepting the hand Amie had extended to help her stand. Beth did not dare to come near them.
“Ouch! That was quite a shock!” Chloe shook her head and, wobbling a little, sat back on the chair looking at her friends. “Okay, so, following my instincts I will say that your energy repelled me on purpose. I have no idea if it makes any sense to think that our energy can have its own accord, but that’s what happened. It may have something to do with the subconscious and such… I only know that your energy or your subconscious, or whatever, will not accept outside help to solve this thing. You’ll have to deal with it by yourself.”
“It’s okay Chloe. Deep down, I think I already knew that, but I guessed it couldn’t hurt to try it out anyway… I’m really sorry; I shouldn’t have allowed you to do it,” Beth said, and Chloe dismissed her apology with a wave. “What I need right now is to breathe with the earth. The problem is, to do so I’ll need you two to distract the others. I don’t want to get them worried.”
“No problem. They are all gathered in the kitchen. We’ll just say you are relaxing your muscles in a long hot shower and that it will take a while.” Amie winked at her.

Beth spent a long time in contact with the earth. It did not solve her problem, but she felt that—at least for the time being—she had managed to disperse the electrical discharges.
When she got up, she saw Leon leaning on the glass door of the porch. His expression was serious, without a hint of his usual sarcastic smile, and he was scanning the terrain with his eyes—and his energy—very carefully.
“What are you doing?” Beth asked, turning around to see what he could be looking at.
“Waiting for you. All the others are in the kitchen. Come on,” he replied, still watching the surroundings.
Leon only moved from his position after she entered the house. Weird, Beth thought and heard him lock the door, but suppressed the urge to turn around. Double weird. They never locked that door during the day, but then, they had never had problems with demons before… Not that a lock on a glass door could do much for their protection.
Entering the kitchen, she met with apologetic looks from the girls and signaled to them, assuring them that everything was okay. They immediately flanked her in a protective gesture and sat her between them.
“You’ll not electrocute anyone, will you?” Amelie whispered, close to her ear.
“Nope, I’m completely drained for now,” Beth whispered back, holding her friends’ hands to prove she was a safe person again. Then she looked at the others and in her normal voice asked: “What is this meeting about?”
“It’s about you, Beth… We are all concerned with your safety… Because it was pretty clear that you were the main target of yesterday’s attack,” Chloe said, squeezing her hand in support.
“And it made us realize that probably the other demons were also after you. The first one killed our parents and put me in a coma, leaving you alone and unprotected while poisoning you on a daily basis. The second one double-cornered you; we thought Amie was the target but apparently we were totally wrong,” Jake said.
“No way, the first was after Leon, it killed his parents. The second was after you and me; the third showed up when Amie and I were alone, and the fourth when Chloe was with us. In all those cases, there was a Warrior about to ‘awaken’. I think their goal was precisely to prevent that. What happened yesterday was probably because that bastard controlling the scene didn’t like my face. And that’s it,” Beth answered impatiently.
“Look dear, I’m sorry, but I have to disagree with you,” Toni said, sitting on the bench in front of Beth and looking straight into her eyes. “If I understood Leon’s story correctly, the demon only attacked his family when they learned about you. Maybe that thing was trying to drag out that information from them, and perhaps it had even succeeded, I don’t know. The fact is, when Leon awakened and killed that demon, destroying the portal in the process, even without knowing, he was protecting you. The same happened with the others; they all awoke when you were in danger.”
“But when Jake awoke, I was no longer in danger…” Beth could not believe that somehow she was responsible for what was happening.
“No sis. Only my body was inert in that hospital bed. My soul had awakened as a Warrior since the first time that bastard approached you. I somehow managed to mess up what he was doing and, thanks to that, you could hold on until Leon’s arrival. When my soul returned to my body, the mark physically appeared, but it was already there,” Jake explained.
“I think they are right, Beth,” Chloe mumbled, “I feel it inside me. I have to keep you safe... No matter what, so you can... I don’t know. But I think you have something very important to do.”
“It’s just like that with me, too. I feel that you have to continue even if one of us falls on the way. We’re like your guardians, bodyguards, or something like that. Anyway, our mission is to make sure you finish your journey,” Amie said, squeezing her hand even tighter.
“And that’s why we’ll take you out of town, like right now. You’ll stay in a safe place until we can find and destroy this portal,” Leon said wearily, as if he had repeated that explanation a thousand times before.
“And I keep saying that if the demons are after her, it’s because they believe that Beth is a serious threat to their plans. It’s a matter of strategic logic to keep her here,” Bruno countered.
“We can’t keep her here! The attacks are becoming more violent, and it could put the whole town in danger! We can’t even keep this house safe!” Leon exploded.
Beth realized that they had been at this impasse for some time now. They kept repeating their own reasons, without reaching any consensus. Toni and Jake were supporting Leon while Chloe and Amelie supported Bruno. The discussion continued heated and noisy, with everyone wanting to speak at the same time. Nobody seemed to remember she was right there, and nobody thought to ask her opinion on the matter.
Chapter 14




Beth left the kitchen unnoticed; she had to think…
Could they be right? It would be absurd to think that she, Elizabeth Monterey, a mere seventeen-year-old high school student, was such a threat to an entire race of strange beings. And what mission were they talking about? Weren’t they all Warriors? Didn’t they all have the same goal of protecting their dimension? Weren’t they all chosen by Thera for this same purpose?
She sat on her bed, pulled her legs up, resting her back against the bed head, and buried her face in her knees. It was so frustrating not to have the right answers. They had nothing on which to base their decisions; no report had survived time…
Thera... Goddess... I do not intend to question your judgment or your choices, but I do not think I’m the ideal person for whatever this task is. I’m weak. I have a wicked temper… I can’t even control my own body or my energy, and I have no idea what you expect from me! Beth thought, as if praying.
Not that she was expecting some divine answer. It was just some kind of alleviation since she was beginning to think her friends could be right. Deep down, she felt like there was really a mission for her to accomplish, even if she had no idea at all what it was.
Thera had chosen her, for some mysterious reason, to accomplish something epic. And suddenly she felt suffocated with such responsibility. What would happen if she failed? A shiver ran down her spine, and Beth found that she did not want to know the answer to that question. Failure was not an option.
She mentally reviewed everything she knew and everything she did not about the whole situation, and, as she thought, some answers—only one or two—simply appeared in her mind, as if they had always been there, only forgotten, just like Chloe said.
Beth stood, gathered some things she would need, and left her room.
When she returned to the kitchen, the debate was still going on. It was as if she had not moved from her spot between the girls. Beth looked at her friends one by one; none of them seemed to have noticed her absence. She tried to speak a few times but was promptly ignored, so she went to the big dining-room, made a call and, after spreading the things she had brought over the enormous table, she began to work.

Exactly an hour later, the doorbell rang. Beth answered it, already knowing who it was.
“Hi Bern, I’m glad you could come!” Beth greeted, hugging him.
“I’m always here for you, Beth. Although lately I’m feeling a little excluded from the group…” Bernard said, hugging her back.
“It’s just your impression. To be honest, I was wondering why you don’t move here too? This way we would all be together again. And it’s not as if your parents would notice the difference since you already live in that house alone, do you not?” Beth spoke while guiding Bernard to the table where she had been working, noting the sudden silence coming from the kitchen.
“Are you serious? Of course, I would love to live here with all of you. Being alone is not much fun, you know?” He looked thrilled.
“Then it’s settled.” She closed the matter, seeing her other friends coming one by one through the kitchen door. “Did you hear? Bern will join us here. Isn’t that great?” Beth asked to no one in particular with a big smile.
“What do you think you’re doing?” Leon barked, his face red with anger.
“Only what is right. Girls, do you have any doubts about it?” Beth knew the girls’ intuition was stronger than the guys’ and sought their approval first.
“No, it definitely seems right,” Chloe smiled. “Amie, what do you think?”
“I can’t believe I haven’t suspected it already… Beth, you are absolutely right, the last one can only be Bern! I feel it clearly!” Amie squealed, throwing her arms around Bernard. “Welcome!”
“And… What are you talking about?” Jake asked, scratching his chin.
“Bern do you mind taking off your watch to show your wrist to the guys? They are more like the ‘need to see before believing’ type.” Beth said, and when Bern hesitated without understanding where she was going with that, she added, “Please? I promise to explain everything later.”
Bernard did as she asked and raised his arm in front of Jake, who shot another glance at his sister before turning Bern’s wrist to check it.
“It seems pretty similar to the one we had before… I think she’s right Leon, look here,” Jake said, seeing the birthmark.
“I don’t care whether she’s right or not. She is leaving town today and should be packing, not pretending to be host. We all agreed we cannot protect her here,” Leon answered, seeming to be even more furious than before.
“I’m not going anywhere, Leon. Thera didn’t choose me so I could run away and hide. We all have to be together on this, or it simply will not work,” Beth said, relieved that her voice sounded so calm; masking the anger she was beginning to feel.
“We could take action with much more ease if we didn’t have to be saving your ass all the time. Without you to pose as bait for those damn demons, maybe we would be able find and close the portal once and for all. You have to stop acting like a spoiled and selfish brat and start thinking a little about the safety of other people!” He was almost shouting.
Beth would not deny—not to herself anyway—that those words hurt as much as if Leon had slapped her on the face. So, that’s how he saw her? A shallow, spoiled, rich girl concerned only with herself?
Oh, well, if it was so, the problem was his. She hadn’t asked to be who she was. Lately, all she did was to think on their safety, never hers, and if she believed for one second that her absence would facilitate things for them, she would have been the first to suggest it. Unfortunately, that was not the case.
“No, you can’t.” It was all her anger allowed her to say.
“What exactly can’t we do?” Leon yelled back.
“Close the portal. Only I can do it; that’s why they are after me.” She was losing the battle with her temper because of all his shouting and felt the electricity beginning to accumulate around her again.
“What the hell are you talking about? I already destroyed one of them, alone, when I was only seven years old!” He said, giving a bitter laugh.
“No, that’s not true. Perhaps the portal wasn’t stable, or maybe it was only a temporary one with a single goal, and when the demon died it closed by itself. I don’t know what happened, but I do know that it was not you who destroyed it. And if you weren’t so arrogant and an asshole you would see the truth within yourself!” Now she was yelling too, all her self-control lost.
“Enough! I will not listen to any more of your bullshit. I will shove you in the car by myself and take you out of here!” He said and came closer to her, clearly intending to seize her by force.
“I wanna see you try,” Beth hissed through gritted teeth as her eyes lit up. The electricity around her seemed to gain life, releasing countless sparks into the air, making her hair lift and float as if in front of a big fan. Leon froze where he was and stared at her, incredulous.
“Okay, okay! This has already gone too far! Leon, I think it’ll be better if you leave for now and chill out.” Amie stepped up, pulling Leon out of the room toward the kitchen.
“Beth, I want you to take a deep breath… You have to stop this before someone gets hurt…” Chloe said, keeping her voice low and neutral, as if afraid that a sudden move could increase Beth’s anger, making her lose control.
“Sorry about that, guys,” Beth said, dissipating all that power with a wave of her hands and releasing a sigh. “It’s just that he seems to have a gift for ticking me off. I wouldn’t hurt him; you know that, don’t you?” Frowning, she thought better and laughed. “Well, at least not too much, and only if he had been stupid enough to try and drag me out.”
“Are you okay?” Chloe asked, looking at her suspiciously.
“Sure, I just have to discharge this electricity, meanwhile why don’t you and Jake take care of our poor Bern? It looks like he needs some help. You can also explain how this Warrior thing works.” Beth pointed toward Bernard who was sitting on the edge of a couch, mouth agape and with his face whiter than a sheet of paper.

After breathing with the earth and discharging, Beth returned to the previous room and joined the others at the big table, glad to see that Leon was not there. He probably had retired to the guest house.
“Right, so now that you know the truth, do you have any questions, Bern?”
“At least a thousand. Are you sure I’m one of you, a Warrior? I mean; I don’t feel different at all.” Bern was observing his wrist as if expecting it to change.
“That’s because your Warrior side has yet to be awakened. But don’t worry, just stick with me and, as soon as the demons attack again, our group of Warriors will be complete.” Beth smiled.
“I think I’ll have to take your word for it… What about that ‘electrical storm’, all of you can do it? Because I have to say, I don’t think a demon or anything else, including Leon, could have survived if that power had been unleashed.” Bernard still looked a little frightened by Beth’s lack of control.
“Uh… No, actually… That was just a little problem I have yet to solve, but nothing that should worry you,” Beth said, giving ‘the look’ to the girls, indicating she did not want to prolong the matter.
“Oh, it didn’t seem like a little problem to me. Your energy should be very similar to mine, and there wasn’t anything right about that, quite the opposite. Do you mind explaining what is wrong with you? Are you sick again?” Jake was no fool and always knew when Beth was trying to hide something.
“You don’t need to worry, Jake. We’re already working on this issue. It’s just an overload caused by the power she used yesterday,” Chloe hastened to reassure him.
“Okay, so let’s get to work. We have much to do,” Beth changed the subject.
“Wait! And that thing you said, about the portals… Are you sure only you can close them? If our energies are alike, then maybe I can do it too, or at least I should be able to help you,” Jake said. 
“Why do boys have such difficulty believing in their own intuition? Jake, think about it for a moment. Listen to that little voice inside your head; you know the answer!” Amie said impatiently.
“I think you’re right. Beth I’m sorry, I just wish things could be different. It doesn’t seem fair that you have to bear this burden alone.” Jake seemed helpless.
“Uh, dude, she’s not alone! She has all of us.” Bern gave a soft punch to Jake’s arm.
“Yeah, you’re right. I can’t continue to act like the overprotective-big-brother forever. Each of us must do our part. I just wanted to ask you, Beth, not to get so angry with Leon. He’s really worried about you, even more than the rest of us… He just doesn’t know how to express it,” Jake said, trying to do damage control.
“I know that, Jake, but we better keep some distance for a while…” Beth replied. “Anyway, how about we change the subject? I’d like to show you how we can make our entire property thoroughly demon-proof.”
“Oh, this would be so good… Are you sure it is possible?” Amelie asked.
“Yes, it’s just another one of those ideas that have been popping up in my head these days… I will explain and then you tell me what you think.”
Unfolding the papers she had been working on, Beth showed them a drawing representing the property terrain, including the house, the grass field, the shed and all around it.
The perimeter itself was square, but Beth drew a red circle inside it, ignoring the corners, which only consisted of section of forest. On that circle, the cardinal points were signaled and, on each point, a mark equal to the ones they carried on their wrists had been drawn.
Signaling the north was Chloe’s mark, in the east Amelie’s, Leon’s in the south and, in the west, the mark that would be Bern’s was signaled like a question mark. It wasn’t completed yet, and Beth did not know what it would look like. In the center, which coincidentally was right where they had lit the fire the night before, was Beth’s and Jake’s mark.
“In each of these points, we have to build up poles or towers of concrete with pure silver as their core, and the silver has to be uncovered both at the bottom—beneath the earth—and the top, which has to be higher than the house. A silver wire will connect all the towers under the earth forming the circle, and each one of them will be connected to the central tower.
“Each tower will have a copy of their particular mark. These symbols also have to be engraved on silver plates and the plates have to be in contact with the core. The plates should be fixed about four feet above ground. Then each of us will have to energize our own tower through the plates at the exact same time. Doing so will generate a sort of force field that will prevent demons from entering. So what do you think?”
“I can’t explain, but I feel it will work.” Chloe only needed to think for a second before answering.
“Yeah, that will rock! If you think that those marks were given to us by Thera herself, it makes sense that connecting them like this would repel evil, disgusting creatures,” Amelie agreed.
“Ah, that’s why the red circle… I didn’t understand it,” Jake muttered. “To me, it seems alright.”
“And what about this date highlighted here, at the bottom of the drawing?  October 31; what does it mean?” Bern asked.
“That’s weird… I don’t remember writing that, but it sure is my handwriting.” Beth frowned, confused.
“Uh, guys, I think this is some kind of deadline... October 31 is Halloween,” Jake commented.
“What has Halloween to do with us?” Chloe asked, repressing a shudder.
“It’s said this particular day of the year is when the veil between the worlds becomes the thinnest. That’s the reason behind all that talk about witches, ghosts, vampires, and so on. But, what if it’s not just folklore? What if it happens to be true… If the dimensions approach one another… then what? This means we can expect something really awful to happen that day?” Bern wondered aloud.
“I think that’s right, Bern. So far we have only faced a few sporadic attacks, one demon at a time. But if on Halloween the barrier that protects our world is weaker, who can say what will happen?” Beth pondered.
“Are you nuts, Beth? During yesterday’s attack, there was almost an army of them upon us,” Jake disagreed.
“No, actually there was only one, who had the ability to create others,” Amelie explained. “The one next to the shed; the one you killed.”
“Whatever. Anyway, do we have enough time to build all the towers before the deadline? We only have 28 days, 27 if you consider that today is almost gone. Not to mention that Bern hasn’t awakened yet,” Jake said, putting his fingers on his temples in a signal of concern. 
“That’s what the money is for. I want to have the towers built at most within a week, even if we have to hire men from outside the town. As for what we believe to be our deadline… Well, I’m not even a little excited to see what will happen on Halloween. I say we must find the portal before then. And about Bern’s awakening, like I said before, we don’t need to worry about it if he stays with us,” Beth said.
They all agreed that Bern would stay that night, and the next day after school, Beth and Amie would accompany him to his house so he could pack his things. Jake  was in charge of explaining everything to Leon, and the next day the two—it Leon agreed—plus Bruno, would go after the workmen, to begin constructing the towers. Chloe and Toni were responsible for ordering the necessary materials.
Chapter 15




Beth recognized the dream as soon as it began. She had been having them for a whole week now. They were not exactly the same, but they all had the same vibe and sense of déjà vu going on. It was always about her and the little boy who now she knew to be Leon, and they always made her feel depressed.
Today, Leon appeared to be seven years old, and as usual, the beginning of the dream took her back in time, forcing her to remember things that happened when they were children and inseparable friends.
“Don’t cry, Liz… I will come back to you one day.” He was trying to comfort her while she wept copiously.
“Will not…No…You will…forget me,” she said between sobs.
“I’ll never forget you. We will grow up, and we will marry as we promised, remember?”
“And…and Jake…will live…with us.” The sobs were shaking her little body.
“That’s right. But you have to be strong; strong and brave. If you keep crying, I’ll be sad. Even if I’m not here to see, if you cry I’ll know and I’ll be sad too. You don’t want me to be sad, do you?” He sounded like a little man in his tiny black formal suit.
He was not crying, but there was a grief so deep inside his eyes that all Beth wanted was to make it go away. She wanted to hear his delicious laugh again.
She knew something terrible had happened to her best friend, but she did not understand what. And if he could be strong and brave, so could she. Beth struggled and managed to suppress her tears and even gave an almost real smile.
“No, Leon. I don’t want you to be sad, never.”
“That’s better…I’ll take care of you when I come back.”
“Promise?” she asked, hugging him awkwardly.
“I promise.” He hugged her too.
Then, as always, Beth felt her body begin to move away against her will.
“Leon, I can’t reach you!” she shouted, stretching her little arms.
“You can if you want. But you keep rejecting me… Why?” he said sadly and seemed to be disappointed. “Why you don’t accept me, Liz? My place is with you…”
Beth woke up. How can I have forgotten all this? We were the closest friends. Mom didn’t let me go to his parents’ funeral, but Dad took me to say goodbye… How could I forget? Does he remember? Does Jake? Time passed and I never heard from him, I thought he had forgotten me and stopped waiting... and forgot… because it hurt too much to think about him. 
Well, Beth did not want to think about any of that yet. It was Saturday, and the two of them had barely spoken since their fight the previous Sunday. He was always in sight, watching her, but that was all. So, she would not dare to ask him about their childhood. Not that she cared anyway.
The work with the towers was well advanced, and Bruno had assured her that everything would be ready by Tuesday, which was good enough.
She turned to check her watch and remembered she had literally toasted it the day before. Damn electrical-girl-thing! I’m a big failure. I can’t even figure out how to put my own energy in order. How could Thera choose me? Maybe even the gods make mistakes.
The truth was that Beth was really concerned about that. She was sure that, if she could not get her energy in check, it would be impossible for her to fight properly. There had not been any signs of demon activity in the last days, but they could strike at any time. What would she do then?
Of course, that would bring the benefit of Bern awakening as a Warrior, but what if she couldn’t protect him? What if she couldn’t do anything? And what if they found the damn portal only to discover that she could not close it?
She was stressing herself and soon she felt the electricity popping around her. Calming down, Beth took a deep breath and stopped with all the ‘what ifs’ that filled her mind so constantly. Instead, she thought of Michael.
Beth tried to avoid him all week, afraid of her ‘discharges’, but he always found a way to appear in front of her, always with a sweet smile and kind words. He had not even complained about seeing Bern constantly by her side.
It is true that they were almost never alone, she and Bern. There was always at least one more Warrior with them, but back then this would not have stopped an outburst of jealousy from Michael. Instead, he was being sweeter than ever.
There would be a dance at the Civic Center that night, commemorating the city’s founding day, and they would go together. The presence of all her friends was expected as members of traditional families.
They all argued at length about whether to attend it or not. Her presence in public places was always a threat to the community, and at first she was totally against the idea, but amazingly, this time, all the others—including Toni and Bruno—were of the contrary opinion.
Her absence, as well as her friends’, would be noticed for sure. They did not want to draw attention since curious people had the disagreeable habit of poking their noses into others’ lives.
So being outvoted and all, Beth spent part of the day checking out the work on the towers and the other part getting ready for the dance. Although she would not admit it to anyone, she was excited with the prospect of making herself beautiful for her boyfriend and expected to spend the night dancing in his arms. It seemed it had been a long time since she had done something like that, but actually it had been only a few months.
She decided to use an aqua-green dress which suited her extremely well. Her mother had purchased it for another ball which Beth had never had the opportunity to attend. It was a backless dress, tied on her neck, and though it was long and loose below the waist, when back-lit the skirt became transparent mid-thigh down.
She arranged her hair so that her kanzashis kept it in a loose bun, leaving some of her curls free. That way her bare back was showing, but not entirely. She applied light makeup and evaluated the results in the mirror. It was pretty good.
Cautiously, she rehearsed a few punches and kicks and was satisfied that the dress would not hold her movements if she had to fight. She even made sure that her high-heeled shoes were easy to take off.
Beth wondered how many girls worried about that kind of thing before a party and could not think of any, even on TV shows, besides her best friends. They certainly were doing the same thing as her.
Beside the kanzashis, Beth also tied her mini-crossbow on one of her thigh-belts and on the other she attached a folding knife. It seemed to be a normal one, but it was made of silver and was bigger than any other when opened. She decided to leave her machetes in the car since they were too big to carry around without freaking everyone out. 
At this point, a great part of the Warriors’ weaponry was either made by them or customized. Some of the specialized shops in the nearby cities were already calling the twins crazy-werewolf-hunters because all their weapons had to be made of silver. If only they knew…
A knock on the door yanked Beth out of her thoughts, and the girls came in. They were beautiful. Amie wore a long, tight black dress that opened up at the sides until almost her middle-thighs, and Chloe was wearing a white one, with a generous neckline on the front. The skirt was long, soft and round. The two also carried their weapons underneath their dresses.
They found the boys waiting for them in the big dining room. They were so perfect in their black tuxedos… Being male and having to get ready for a formal event seemed so easy and, yet, it could have an astonishing effect.
Beth could not take her eyes off of Leon, who also did not seem to be able to look away from her. It was almost getting to the point of others noticing when the doorbell rang, announcing Michael’s arrival and saving Beth and Leon from certain teasing.
Making a quick strategic escape, Beth ran to the garden in order to discharge her electricity before going to meet her boyfriend. Although she had honestly tried, she could not help but notice that Michael’s classic beauty was practically erased by Leon’s feline appearance.

The civic center was an old building in the center of the city, between the city-hall and the magnificent cathedral, which had been closed for renovation for years. In front was a large open parking-lot, specifically built to serve those three.
The building itself looked like a big box, not exactly pretty or modern, but it had its charm with its large windows forming graceful arches and its majestic entrance.
In the center of the building was the public gymnasium where the traditional ball was always held. It had a retractile ceiling, and when Beth was a kid, she loved to go there to watch the school’s most important games.
Once inside, Beth found that she was unusually tense, searching for the emergency doors and calculating how to prepare an evacuation if needed. She was dancing with Michael while memorizing the location of the fire alarms and noticed the other Warriors doing the same while keeping an eye on her.
“You are simply wonderful,” Michael said, close to her ear as they danced and tightened his embrace.
“Thanks, you are not bad at all either. Men should dress like that more often; it would give us poor girls a reason to drool, other than the table of desserts, you know?” Beth joked.
“Are you kidding me? Do you have any idea how uncomfortable this thing is? And you want to add drool on it?” They laughed together.
The night was really nice and they danced and laughed, and Beth finally began to relax.
Too soon came the time for the city founding families to waltz, and the twins had to go to the center of the room, along with some other couples, including their friends—since all of their parents were AWOL to that event.
Jake seemed kind of dizzy and Beth wondered if he had been drinking, but, thinking better, she doubted it. Probably he was just feeling the pressure of having to represent the Monterey family for the very first time.
In previous years, their parents had always been the most praised couple of the traditional ball, and it certainly was affecting them both, making them even more nervous. At least that’s how Beth was feeling at that moment.
They also had to hear countless condolences for their parents’ sudden death. The mayor called them up the stage to say a few words on behalf of the city and gave them a beautiful gold plaque in their parents honor.
This formal part of the ball she would have dispensed with pleasure, and when it ended both were relieved to return to their friends.
Beth accompanied Michael to the dance floor again and tried to forget everything else. It was no use; she was not having fun anymore. Her head began to buzz, annoying her. Looking around, Beth tried to find out whether her friends were sensing something different… Apparently not, so her discomfort must have been a result of her imagination.
Leon was dancing with a girl Beth did not know by name, but had seen around the city before. The brunette was very pretty and was trying hard to make him at least look at her, but Leon seemed to be dancing like an automaton, his mind probably miles away, although his hands were firmly embracing the girl’s waist and he sometimes slid one of them through her hair, making the girl shiver.
Not knowing why, Beth found that scene annoying and turned her head to the other side, not wanting to see the two of them again. She scanned the gym with her eyes, searching for the others.
Jake was with Chloe and some other friends talking in a corner. He was unashamedly hugging and nibbling his girlfriend’s neck.
Amie was dancing too, oblivious to everything except her partner, who was whispering something into her ear. Their bodies were practically glued to each other, and Beth wondered if he would be Amie’s next victim.
Bern was nowhere to be seen. She searched and searched but could not find him. He had promised to stay close to her all night… Beth did not like it; maybe it was better to go look for him.
“Michael, can we stop for a while?
“Are you tired already, babe? Want to go grab something to drink?”
“It seems a good idea, my throat is dry.”
Chapter 16




After that, things got confused in Beth’s mind and, without knowing exactly how or why, she and Michael ended up in a nearly empty and poorly lit hallway making out.
His body was pressing hers against the wall, and he was kissing her passionately while his hands were busy going up and down her bare back and arms, but all Beth could think about was the kiss Leon had given her when she was injured and her reaction to it.
Beth pushed Michael away a little and looked around. Not even one of her friends seemed to be around. How could that have happened? All she remembered was leaving the dance floor and going to look for Bern. Or was she looking for someone else? 
She had no time to ponder about it because Michael was trying to kiss her again, and she was trying desperately to avoid it. She did not want his hands all over her, let alone his mouth. She didn’t even want to look at him. 
Considering he was her boyfriend, who had loved her for years, and someone she had thought she could love back some day, the fact that his touch was making her feel sick… Well, let’s just say that she was not feeling like a very good person at that moment, but she could not summon the strength to change her reaction to him. So she pushed him harder.
“Damn, Michael, stop it!” Leon’s image was dancing in her mind, fascinating and distracting her.
“Babe, do you have any idea how I feel about you?” He seemed to be hurt and sad.
She did not answer him; in fact, she did not hear him at all, and Michael turned to hug her.
“You know, I see you drifting away from me a little more each day. I know I’m losing you, and it’s killing me… I’m afraid that you don’t like me anymore and I can’t stand it; I love you too much,” Michael said as he was kissing her neck, her shoulders and her face, trying to reach her mouth.
This time Beth pushed him so hard he almost fell onto the floor. “I told you to stop, Michael! I’m not in the mood for this! Give me a break and go take some air or whatever. Just don’t touch me anymore!”
Michael stared at her blankly for a while and then left with his head down, without another word.
Beth took a deep breath. She really did not want to hurt him, but for some reason she couldn’t bear to be close to him right now.
Her whole being was filled with thoughts of Leon; his voice, his smell, his incredible gray eyes, his silk black hair and the way it always fell over his forehead, covering one of his eyes… and his tempting lips. She remembered all their moments together; the sensation of having his body pressed against hers when they met, the sweetness emanating from his voice when he taught her how to breathe with the earth, his embrace and support when she killed her first demon and, finally, the thrilling touch of his lips on hers, when he thought he was losing her…
Beth remembered all the details, allowing herself to identify the true emotions she felt, without hiding them behind her fear or anger. And then she was invaded by a love so deep she felt transfixed by it. How had she never noticed that before? A feeling so strong it made her dizzy. How can a person be that stupid? And, for the Goddess’ sake, what in hell did she accomplish by hiding that feeling behind annoyance and rage?
While she was drowning in all that love, she figured out how to fix her flow of energy. It was so obvious and so natural that even a child would have already done it, without going through all the problems she caused for everyone.
Focusing on her energy, Beth felt the foreign presence almost immediately. She opened her heart and her mind and let the love she felt for him guide her. Soon she saw—within her mind—the little boy. Leon was sitting alone on the small wall of the vast garden that always appeared in her dreams.
“Leon!” Beth called sweetly, kneeling to be at the same height as the little boy.
“Liz? Something seems different with you...” He looked at her with uncertainty.
“Leon, come here... Come stay with me... Please,” she called again, opening her arms to receive him, almost overflowing with love.
He ran into her arms, laughing, and squeezed her neck tightly. “You finally accepted me, Liz. I’m so happy! Now I’m where I belong.”
“Yes, my love, my little love. Now we’ll be together forever!” She laughed too.
The image faded, but she still could feel the little one’s presence inside her, stabilizing and strengthening her energy. 
An uncontrollable urge overcame her senses. She needed to find Michael right away and break up with him. It was not right, or even fair, to have a relationship with a guy when she so desperately wanted another one.
After talking to Michael, she would look for Leon. She did not care about what she would say to him, only that she had to be near him. Her face warmed up just thinking about him.
Beth was convinced that it was the only thing she could do in order to fix her own mess, even if it meant breaking Michael’s heart. She only had to be careful enough not to run into Leon before doing so.
A couple bumped into her when she was turning to leave the half lighted hallway. They did not even notice her, lost as they were in each other’s arms. Thinking it was nothing more than a couple of teens making out, Beth shrugged and stepped away a little, ready to leave them alone when she saw their faces and recognized who they were…
They were far from being a teenage couple… The man was her calculus teacher and everyone knew his wife was attending a respected medical conference out of town, and the woman… was none other than the mayor’s wife.
Was she crazy? Her husband was right there in the ball, and they were not even being discreet… Her face was all smudged with lipstick as well as his shirt, which was totally open.
Looking more closely at her surroundings now, Beth saw another couple down the same hall… Uh, what were they doing? That probably was illegal in half the states of the country… Well, at least in public...
“Liz… I was looking for you.”
That voice… It was hoarse and low… almost a plea for her to turn around and throw herself into his arms. Goose bumps erupted on her arms, her legs felt wobbly, and Beth held her breath.
Leon was approaching from behind, calling her, and she almost gave in to her impulses, but she was still seeing the two couples and that made her stop and think.
“Stop right there, Leon,” she said, trying to regain some control.
“Liz?” He was only a few feet away, too close for Michael’s sake, and she had to struggle against her own lust.
She could not give in. Not before breaking up with Michael. She owed him that much for all the time they had been together. Moreover, her instincts were screaming that something was terribly wrong there, and that meant her friends were in some kind of danger.
Whatever she did, she could not turn around and look at him, inside those amazing gray eyes, and still be able to resist. So she remained with her back turned to him.
“Don’t come any closer, Leon, I’m begging you… Please, look around, there’s something very strange going on with all those people.” Beth felt her voice trembling and dug her nails into the flesh of her palms, hoping the pain would help her to keep track of reality. She was breathing heavily from the effort of negating the calls of her body and heart.
After a short pause, which to her seemed to last an eternity, she heard Leon sigh, but, fortunately, he did not approach her. It took a few more moments before he finally spoke again.
“You are right; it seems to be some kind of psychic attack. Circle your energy and create a mental block, it will eliminate the influence almost completely.” He almost managed to sound cold and impersonal… almost.
Beth lifted the barrier, as he said, and leaned against the wall for support. She hid her face between her hurt hands and tried to control her breath. The love she felt for him was still there. The only thing that had changed was that now she could think and control herself a little better.
The influence on her mind had not created that feeling, only made surface what was buried deep inside her heart, and now nothing could make it go away again. Her body began to shake with the weight of that revelation. She was doomed, lost and irremediably in love… with Leon.
“It worked? Do you feel any better?” 
She only nodded without removing her hands from her face and not trusting her voice. But she could feel him moving to touch her and flinched. Her self-control was on the edge, and he noticed it.
“What the hell? Do you hate me that much?” He seemed to be angry and hurt at the same time. “Okay, you wait right here while I search for the others. Just try to control yourself and not strike me from behind.” He left without waiting for an answer.
Beth sighed, relieved. For now, it was better if he thought she disliked him. Obviously it was safer than hearing him speak softly or gazing at the gray of his eyes before she could talk to Michael.
Of course, she was not thinking clearly, or else she never would have left without telling someone where she was going. She knew that, but at the same time she did not want to be responsible, or rational. And neither did she want to stay there waiting. She had to rectify that situation at once, for Michael’s sake.
What a little while ago was a traditional and formal event now looked more like pandemonium… The crowd was acting totally out of control. There were people fighting, arguing, making out, dancing naked and drinking desperately. None seemed to have any restraint, just did what was crossing their minds, without caring if they could hurt someone or even themselves. It was complete chaos, and she was sure that at least half of the town would deeply regret going to that party forever.
Walking through that mass of insanity, Beth suddenly remembered what that couple from earlier had been doing, and decided to prevent Jake and Chloe from being caught doing something similar. So, changing direction, she began searching for them in the dark corners. 
When she found them, they were not at that stage—yet—but close. It took her several minutes to make Jake understand what was happening and what he needed to do. When Jake finally seemed to be regaining his control, Beth let him take care of Chloe and continued her search for her almost ex-boyfriend since she knew it was useless to go after Amelie. Her friend was probably enjoying the opportunity and taking advantage of that pretty boy. Amie would have done the same thing with or without psychic influence.
Reaching the doors, she left the heated gym and walked into the cold parking lot without looking back. Michael probably had taken what she said literally and would be somewhere out there. Searching through the rows of cars, she found him leaning against his car, hands in his front pockets and head down. Cautiously, and feeling somewhat guilty, Beth approached.
“Michael?”
“Beth, you came, that’s good!” he said, in a faltering voice.
That was so not good… He seemed even more out of it than before. A shudder in her mental barrier showed that the psychic influence was much stronger out there.
“Damn, this was a very bad idea,” she said under her breath, referring to going outside alone, exposing herself to the demons, but Michael heard her and thought she was talking about them.
“No, it wasn’t! Come here so I can show you exactly how I feel.”
She was distracted, looking around searching for any sign of danger; thus she did not react fast enough when Michael grabbed her. He was holding so tightly, it would have hurt if she was a normal girl.
“Not now, Michael, we have to go back inside, come on.” Beth was trying to put some sense into his head while avoiding his kisses.
“No way babe! I’m tired of waiting; you will be mine, here and now! Then you’ll realize we were made for each other and you will love me again!” His eyes were showing a hint of madness.
He pulled her closer, lifting her to the hood of the car, positioning himself between her legs, kissing her desperately. He was still holding her fiercely with one arm around her waist while his other hand began to lift her dress, exposing her legs and rudely squeezing them. 
There would be no dialogue with him in that state. Beth was going to have some bruises the next day, but she was afraid of fighting him off… She was much stronger now, and even without wanting to, she could end up hurting him pretty bad, and she was not exactly in her right senses either.
Suddenly a strong arm grabbed Michael from behind and, with a quick movement, rendered him unconscious.  Beth stood adjusting her dress, and then checked on Michael to make sure he was alright.
“Beth, I’m sorry about that, is he ok? I still think he’s a jackass, but I have to admit he wasn’t acting like himself at all…” Bernard was kneeling beside her, concerned about Michael too. His eyes were glowing with a bright green inner light.
“He will be fine, that’s ok, thank you. I was afraid I wouldn’t be able to restrain my strength…” She shook her head to clear it and looked at her friend. “Bern… You awakened!”
“It seems so… What is happening to everyone? You are the first sane person I’ve talked to in awhile.”
“I’m not that right-minded either, but I’m using a mental block and it is helping to keep my head clear… Well, almost clear. Anyway, we are being attacked, and whoever is doing it is using some kind of psychic influence on the area… How are you feeling? You don’t seem to have been affected.”
“Not at all, I’m still me… So, where are those demons? Since my Warrior awakened I suppose they have to be close, right?”
“Right… Let’s search.”
“I don’t think it will be necessary… Here they come!” Bern was pointing to the other side of the parking lot from where two different demons were approaching together.
The two Warriors put Michael inside the car and turned their attention to the creatures.
One of them looked like a brick wall… He was bigger than Bern, about six feet seven, maybe a bit more, full of muscles on his arms and legs and with a broad chest. It was obviously a fighter.
Its skin was dark, almost brown, covered by a thin fluff. The feet were large as well as its hands. In fact, this demon resembled a Minotaur, only, instead of a bull’s head, it had something like a boar’s head, with his jaws projected forward, forming almost a muzzle. His mandibular canine teeth—looking like fangs—did not fit inside his mouth. He had a hairy face with his ears on top of his head, and his nose was flat, just like a swine. 
The other was much smaller—the same height as Beth—and his physique did not resemble a fighter, on the contrary, it was too thin, seeming fragile with a sickly appearance, as pale as an albino. The arms and legs were practically just bones and they were too long, it had pointed ears and no nose. His deep, black eyes, with enormous dark circles under them, were looking around amused. But it was the disproportionate head size that called Beth’s attention, reminding her of the first demon she saw. So this was the psychic one.
“Oh yeah! I’m feeling like a real badass! You get the albino-chopstick-demon, and I take care of the pig-snout,” Bernard said, already running toward the big demon.
Beth had no choice other than to accompany him. The skinny one did not seem to be exceptionally strong, so she approached slowly, unfastening the crossbow from her thigh. She searched its body and found the point of light in the right leg. She aimed, fired and… missed; the monster was gone.  Beth felt a blow on her back, almost knocking her down. Quickly regaining her balance, she turned and fired again.
Again she missed and had her crossbow torn from her hands. She pulled her knife then and attacked one more time. New failure… How could that creature be so fast?
His blows were not too strong but were beginning to hurt her, simply because she was not seeing them and could not defend herself. Within a few minutes, she had also lost her knife.
While gathering energy to zap him, she realized what was happening. The evil thing was playing with her mind using his psychic powers, making her see things that were not there. He also seemed to be slicing through time and space, standing in one place in an instant and suddenly appearing at another, completely different spot, leaving her bewildered.
Argh, now she was really mad. Beth had other more pressing things to deal with that night and did not want to spend it fighting with demons. Circulating her energy, she mentally called on her ‘little one’ and asked for his help. 
The barrier surrounding her mind immediately got much stronger becoming impenetrable, the rest of her energy she transformed into anger and attacked the albino-chopstick, as Bern had called it.
Now, this was no longer a fair fight. Beth was beating it up with her bare hands since she refused to undo her hair, taking off the kanzashis. She was really pissed off, more; she was downright furious, and was taking it all out on the demon.
The light indicating the demon’s vital point had been forgotten. She did not care about it anymore. Her only thought was to vent out all the stress and frustration caused by its psychic games.
With each punch, Beth felt the pressure on her mental barrier weakening, so she kept hitting it with her fists, elbows, feet and knees.
Oh, this felt good. She hit and hit and kept hitting until she had to lift the thing from the ground to hit yet again… and heard it began to sizzle. Disgusted, she threw it away and saw Leon lowering his crossbow. It was he who had killed the demon.
Beth looked around and saw all her friends staring at her with dread all over their faces, including Bern who, apparently, had finished his job much earlier.
“Hum... Just a little PMS, ok?” She muttered, ashamed by her behavior while straightening her dress.
The girls showed some understanding and murmured words of support, but the guys just shook their heads, except for Leon. He had already gone away from her, walking quickly toward his car, parked beside Michael’s. She ran and caught him before he could get there.
“Leon!” she called.
“What?” He stopped but did not turn around. He sounded tired.
“Hum, it’s just… Well… I want to talk with you…” The words seemed to be forming a solid lump in her throat, and it was hard to make them pass through it.
“Now? Your playmate seems to be waking up,” he said, finally turning to stare at her.
At first his expression was unpleasant, then turned to a little surprised and stopped at one of curiosity, and she could only wonder what he was seeing in her eyes. She even ignored his attempt to insult her.
“Yes, I mean no. I’ll take Michael home first… Well, perhaps it would be better if we talked tomorrow, it’s getting late…”
She did not know if she could bear to wait it out until the next day; on the other hand, she had no idea how he would react to what she had to say, and when he just looked at her without answering, she decided. “Tomorrow then.” She turned to get into Michael’s car.
Leon gently grabbed her wrist and forced her to turn and look at him again. “No, I’ll be waiting for you tonight… In my house.” There was a challenge in his voice, and he was studying her face.
She nodded, half hypnotized by his beautiful eyes, and, with a crooked smile, he released her wrist, letting her go.
Beth almost lamented the contact break, and she seriously had to reevaluate that smile. It was not annoying at all, but incredibly sexy and it made her heart race inside her chest. With her cheeks on fire, she had to look down and move away from him in order to proceed with the agreement, otherwise she would forget Michael completely.
When she entered Michael’s car, Beth took a minute or two to recover and reorganize her thoughts. She also realized that the others had probably guessed they were not at risk of being attacked twice in a row because they had already left, giving her the privacy she would need to deal with her boyfriend.
After some minutes, Michael was wide awake and feeling mortified by the way he had treated her. He did not allow her to take him home, saying that he would take her, like always.
Breaking up with him was much easier than she had imagined, mainly because he was feeling so guilty that he said she did not deserve to be in a relationship with a dumbass like him. So, in the end, he broke up with her, for her own sake. Poor guy…
Beth let him think that breaking up had been his idea; if it was doing good to his male ego, so be it. Yet, she felt like she had broken his heart and it only got worse when they said goodbye at her house, with no kisses and no hugs. It was like they suddenly had become strangers and she had to swallow a lump that formed in her throat.
Chapter 17




The lights in the kitchen were on; probably the others were still chatting about the evening… Beth did not want anyone to see her going to talk with Leon; it was a private matter. So, instead of entering the house, she walked around it, going straight to the guest house.
Arriving at its door, she was nervous and her heart was beating wildly inside her chest. Taking a deep breath, Beth calmed down a little and, gathering her courage, she lifted her hand to knock, but was startled by the loud music coming from Leon’s cell. Who could be calling him in the middle of the night? She froze where she was and listened.
“Dana honey, how are things? I was just thinking about you.”
Beth came closer to the window, trying to hear better. Eavesdropping was wrong; she knew it, but could not help herself. She was dying with curiosity.
“Yes, I don’t know… I wish you were here with me… I miss you so much.”
He went to the opposite side, and Beth lost part of the conversation. Before she could think to go to the other window, he returned.
“She’ll come here after leaving her boyfriend at home. I don’t know what to expect; she’s the most unpredictable, spoiled, selfish brat that I know, and extremely annoying too. Maybe she just wants to zap my ass.”
They were making fun of her… Beth felt her heart sink in her chest. Leon had already said those things to her, but she refused to believe he honestly thought about her that way…
“As always, you’re right, and that’s one of the reasons I love you so much.”
So he was talking with his girlfriend… Beth did not know he had one.
“I know, I promise to behave and listen to everything she wants to say, is that good enough?”
And why would she think a guy like him would not have anyone in his life? He was gorgeous, but that wasn’t all, Leon also was strong, brave, dedicated, and could be the sweetest person when he wanted… And he never looked twice at the girls who shamelessly flirted with him.
“Oh, sure she’s pretty, I already told you so, but you don’t have to worry about it, for me to stay away from her is no problem at all.”
There was a terrible pain in Beth’s chest. At that instant, Beth knew her heart was breaking into a thousand pieces, and those pieces were digging into her flesh.
“Yes, I will return home after fixing things here. I mean, if you’ll accept me back…” Leon went to the other side again and lowered his voice, so she did not hear anything else.
He would go away… That was it? When she shut the portal, he would be free to return to his girlfriend’s arms…
Beth knew she had to leave, but her legs refused to obey her. He seemed so sincere… His voice so full of emotion… She was not stupid. She recognized the presence of real love in his words and felt her whole world fall apart.
Finally, she managed to move her numb body and left as quietly as she had arrived. Once inside the house, she heard her friend’s voices coming from the kitchen, babbling about the night, and ran to her room unnoticed.
She did not want to see or talk to anyone; let them think she had not returned yet. Without turning on the lights, she locked the door and threw herself on her bed.
If only she could cry… It was because of him that she had stopped crying, so it was only fair to start again because of him as well, for her broken heart, her unrequited love… But it was no use, no tears came, they never did.
Could she have misunderstood his signs? Of course she had. Leon’s voice calling her in that hallway… He too was under the demon’s influence, but it was not for her that his heart was crying, it was for Dana, and she was far away… Had he thought that Beth could be some kind of consolation for his loneliness? She cursed herself then for not having yielded to the charm… If she had then Leon could have been hers for at least one night…
How could her feelings change so much in one night? That afternoon she was ready to bite his head off and now… Was she still under the influence of that demon? Her energy had been a mess for a week, so who knows, all those new feelings could be some kind of residual effect of the psychic attack. 
No, Beth could not lie to herself anymore. Her previous disgust and annoyance were the fake feelings that formed a wall around her heart in an effort to keep it safe, and now that wall had all but crumbled to pieces, thanks to that demon, and she had no other choice besides facing the truth and dealing with its consequences.
How could she face him again knowing what she knew now? How could she keep going as if nothing had changed inside of her? How could she look inside those gray eyes and not fall apart knowing he loved someone else? She couldn’t.
Cursing again, this time at her lack of self-esteem, she forced her thoughts away from Leon. Changing her dress for a more comfortable outfit—an old shirt and nothing more—she went back to her bed and analyzed the last pattern on her now complete mark, using the first sunray entering through her window to illuminate it.
Bern’s design was on the opposite side of Amelie’s. It was formed by three lines, which swayed from right to left, standing at the end and curling up forming three delicate spirals. It looked like a wave in the sea… Now they could complete the plates and lift the protector barrier around their house.
And that was it. Her mind drifted back to Leon as soon as she finished that last thought. It was no good. Finally, she circled her energy and called her little Leon. At least that part of him would always belong to her. She fell asleep, lulled by the sound of the child’s laughter.

Beth woke up and looked at her watch first thing. Again she had forgotten to replace it, but judging by the sun’s position on the sky, she calculated that she had not slept for more than a couple of hours. 
The sweet presence of her little secret was still there, and she let it soothe her a while longer, trying to fill the emptiness inside of her. Only after several minutes did she let him go.
Her love for Leon would remain a secret, like that little piece of him that existed inside of her. She decided not to share it even with her best friends; this way, she would not have to endure their looks of sympathy when he decided it was time to leave and return to his Dana.
It was still early, yet she was too restless to stay in bed. Beth decided to go down for breakfast, aware of her devastated and sleepless appearance. She was feeling too hurt and needed to occupy her mind and body; otherwise she would only be sinking deeper into that pity-party.
She was strong. She had survived the sudden death of her parents, Jake’s prolonged coma and the fear of losing all that remained of her family… She was a Warrior, chosen by Thera. She killed demons and ate them for breakfast.
Ugh, that last thought made her shiver in disgust, and she withdrew the part about eating them from her mental speech, with a small smile. That’s right, Beth; you have been through some really bad stuff so it will not be an unrequited love that will get you down.
With some of her confidence restored, she went to the kitchen. Unfortunately, she could not get her stomach to agree that scrambled eggs and bacon would make her feel better. So, instead, she got only a mug of strong coffee and went for a walk in her mother’s garden.
Coming around the double swing chair her father had made, she sat and watched the insects flying over the last flowers of that season.
“I kept waiting for you yesterday, but never heard you coming home.”
Leon sat down beside her, his hair still damp from the shower and his hands shoved in the pockets of his jacket. 
He was so hot, even if he seemed to be as sleepless as her. Probably he had spent all night thinking about his Dana as she spent hers thinking about him…
“It was very late, and I didn’t want to wake you up,” she lied, looking away.
“You look tired, did you sleep at all?” He seemed to be probing for something.
“A couple of hours… I had a rough night.” No need to lie this time.
“Did something happen? Other than the fight with the demons, I mean.” Leon was still staring at her.
“Actually, that hardly could be called a fight, don’t you agree? Anyway, thanks for helping me there… I think I lost my head a little, you know?” She evaded the real question while following a bee with her eyes.
Leon opened his mouth to say something but changed his mind. After a while he spoke again.
“It happens sometimes, I suppose… especially after a psychic attack.”
“Well, at least it served to put my energy back on track.”
“You mean you can’t go around electrocuting everything when you get mad anymore?” There was no sarcasm or irony in Leon’s voice. 
For the first time, they were really talking. Not that it was the conversation she had planned last night, but it was still better than the usual yelling back and forth.
“Oh, I’m sure I can still do that, but only when I want to, like all the other things we do.” She tried to laugh, but he obviously did not buy it.
“What happened yesterday after you left with Michael, Liz? I mean… Bern told us that he had to knock the guy out… Did he try something else afterwards?”
“Do I seem helpless to you, Leon? No, he didn’t try anything. In fact, he was feeling so guilty that he broke up with me.”
Leon sighed and finally Beth felt his eyes leaving her.
“I don’t want to say that I’m sorry… I never thought he was the right guy for you. Sadly, you seem to have come out of it with a broken heart and, for this, I’m sorry. But believe me, there’s a lot of guys out there ready to saw off an arm to go out with you. No, any guy would give up a piece of him for one chance to date you. Michael is a bonehead, and I can’t stand to see you suffering because of a guy who doesn’t deserve it. No guy deserves this, Liz.”
Beth got up and began to pick the flowers she had been watching. Why did he have to say those things? Was it for pity? Yes, she was suffering, but it was because of him, and honestly she though he was worth much more than that… Why didn’t she see that before?
That conversation was becoming more difficult than she had imagined; it would have been so much easier if they just went back to yelling at each other. But Beth did not want to make his life a living hell anymore. Besides, she was too fragile to hear Leon yelling at her. In her state, it would hurt too much, especially now that she admitted how important his opinion was to her.
“Leon, I really don’t wanna talk about it, ok?”
“Sure, I’m sorry.” 
He made a gesture as if he would caress her cheek and she quickly dodged it, taking the flowers to the table on the porch. Leon sighed again and replaced his hands in his pockets. He took a few steps toward her and stopped, keeping what seemed to be a safe distance. Well, at least safe for her, she did not think he cared if he was close or far away from her.
“Why do you hate me, Liz?”
Startled, she looked at him and saw something new in his eyes—vulnerability. She looked away again and began to arrange the flowers in a beautiful bouquet, buying some time to stabilize her voice and her pounding heart.
“I don’t hate you; that’s exactly what I wanted to talk about…” She lied again. “I don’t want you to think I feel this way.”
“So you just hate when I touch you?” He sat on the couch, still keeping his distance.
If he only knew how much she was craving his touch… No, he could never know that; she was going to challenge all her acting skills now because she was going to tell him a big, fat lie.
“I don’t like to be touched, period. Not only by you. I know it sounds strange, considering my relationship with the others in our group, but you have to understand, we all grew up together, and that comes naturally with familiarity… I just need some time to get used to you as well, that’s all.”
“We’ve known each other for a very long time too… longer than the others.”
“Yes, we were friends when we were little,” she answered, secretly thinking on her little one and giving a faint smile.
“So you do remember…”
“I remember that we used to play together, you, Jake and me. We were only little kids.”
“We were friends, Liz.” He shook his head, disappointed.
“But we grew up, and things changed. We can’t return to that friendship; it was something among children. We are adults now, or almost… We didn’t grow up together, didn’t share the same stories. We have to start from scratch, don’t you see? I know you think I’m spoiled, selfish and annoying…”
“No, that’s not true…” He tried to cut her off, but she raised her hand to stop his protests.
“And you are not the easiest person in the world to get along with either. We both have huge flaws… The main problem here is that our temperaments are highly similar and we always end up yelling at each other, but look at us now… We’re both here, talking for some time now and we are being quite civil. We can do this if we want; If not for ourselves, at least for the good of the group—“
“—For the wellbeing of the group, you say?” He interrupted her, but at least did not raise his voice, although he seemed to be angry now. “So you want to be friends because we are in the same group and have to ‘get along’? We are Warriors! I am one of your guardians! That isn’t exactly a choice. It’s my duty to protect you, it is a compulsion, and friendship has nothing to do with it.”
Beth knew that if he lost his temper he would hurt her even more, and she was right. Every word was like a knife being stuck into her body. She buried her face in her hands and breathed deeply a few times.
“That’s not what I meant, Leon. I’m sorry. I just… I tried… Oh, I don’t even know what I was thinking… I’m sorry… I’m really sorry that you feel obliged to protect me… I… I think I’m not making much sense, I didn’t sleep enough. Excuse me.”
Beth unquestionably had lost sight of what she was trying to accomplish with that, she could not even remember why she thought she could endure being near him that morning. Her spirit had been undermined, and she had to leave, so she did what every hysterical teenage girl usually does—she ran and locked herself in her room. And there she stayed until the next day.
She did not leave for lunch or dinner, did not go to school or answer her friends’ calls and knocks. Leon also came and spent a lot of time trying to apologize through her locked door. But the truth was that she was not listening to anything at all.
Not a sound passed through the blockade her ‘little one’ had placed around her. She was hiding inside her mind, living with the little Leon, she too in the form of the child she had been once.
“Liz, you have to go back now. You stayed here for too long; if this continues you’ll soon become ill…” her little one said, not for the first time.
“No, I don’t want to go. I was too sad out there; I’d rather stay here with you!”
“You can’t, there are too many people depending on you out there!”
“So, you don’t want to stay with me?”
“Don’t be silly, I’ll always be with you, I’ll never, ever leave, and you know that.”
“Then let me stay…”
“No. You have something very important to do, Liz, and it needs to happen soon, you know that, too.”
“I know… but I can’t remember what it is.”
“You have to bring the others here. Only then we will be able to help you.”
“But then I’ll no longer have you to myself…”
“It’s not how it works. You can always call me here, choose our place, and the others will not even know. The same can be done with them; each of us holds a secret place inside of you. So are you ready to return to your life now?”
 
Chapter 18




Soon after her conversation with the little one, Beth woke up, completely famished. The emptiness in her chest seemed to have diminished somewhat. I think that’s the way things happen; over time they become more bearable. For sure I will survive. That was more like her, not the little girl who had been hiding in shame and sorrow. She was better than that and knew it.
It was near lunch time, and she literally broke into the kitchen yelling.
“I’m starving, Toni! You need to feed me!”
If Toni had been a cat, she would have her claws stuck on the ceiling by then, judging by the size of the jump the startle caused her.
“Christ, creature! Are you trying to kill me?”
“Sorry, but I can’t remember the last time my stomach was busy.”
“It was Saturday at lunch. Calm down and I’ll prepare something for you. Amie is also at home; she was too worried and refused to leave. Why don’t you go get her so the two of you can lunch together?” Toni was watching her with the corner of her eyes to make sure she was alright.
“Okay, but you can begin serving the food because I’m—“
“Starving, I got it.”
Beth found Amelie in the games-room. She was playing at the foosball table alone.
“Amie, your middle name is boredom,” Beth joked from the door.
“Hey girl, how are you? I had already told Bruno that if you didn’t come down for lunch we would have to break through your door.” Amelie left the game and came to hug her. They went to the kitchen.
“I’m—“
“—Starving, we know,” Toni interrupted yet again, putting a large plate full of rice, beans, meat and a lot of other things in front of her. “First you eat, then you two can talk.”
“No problem,” Beth replied already filling her mouth.
After lunch, Amelie and Beth stretched out on the back porch couch.
“And now that you’re stuffed, begin to talk,” Amie demanded.
“What exactly do you want to know? You have to be more specific.”
“Do not play dumb with me, girl! Yesterday morning Leon said you were devastated because Michael broke up with you!”
“He said I was devastated?”
“Not in those exact words… He used a term more like heartbroken or something as corny as that, but that’s not what matters here.”
“The part about Michael and I breaking up is true; the part about me being devastated or heartbroken or whatever, absolutely not.”
“Stop making fun of this and start t-a-l-k-i-n-g! I want to know everything that happened from the time we parted at the ball, full report. Just skip the torturing-demons part; PMS plus psychic attack is reason enough for me.”
“Okay… At the ball with all that craziness of psychic attack, Michael became a big idiot, we argued, and he left. Leon appeared and told me to make a mental block. Well, you know how my energy was all fuzzy and crazy… So I think my barrier didn’t work accordingly and I was still confused, so I left rather than wait for you there. Ah, by the way, I saw our calculus teacher heavily making-out with the mayor’s wife!”
“What? Are you serious? What juicy gossip! But in hindsight, I think half the city was acting totally crazy… People repress too many feelings, you know, then when something like this happens…” Amelie commented.
Feeling ashamed for being one of those people her friend talked about, Beth resumed her story.
“At the parking lot, Michael came too strong on me, and Bern came and knocked him out. The demons appeared; we fought; you all came and left. I went with Michael, and we talked. He was feeling terrible for acting like a perv and did what he thought was honorable—ending our relationship. Honestly, if he hadn’t done it, I would. We are not on the same wavelength anymore, you know? After bringing me here, he left, and I went to sleep. I woke up and saw that my energy had returned to normal, but for some reason, I was still exhausted. It probably was some kind of hangover after having a weeklong short circuit. I went to the garden; Leon came and we talked. I felt worse and went to my room. I woke up today feeling great but darned hungry. End of the story.”
“Nuh-uh, no way that’s all. Leon was climbing the walls all day yesterday, and today I had to force him to go to school so we could talk. If the two of you talked as you said, why did no one hear any yells? I want details girl, so spill it out.”
Beth sighed but knew there wasn’t an easy way out of it, so she began to talk again.
“As I said, I was dead tired and don’t remember very well what happened. Basically, we two had a polite conversation. At first he was pretty cool. We talked a little about the fight; I thanked him for killing the demon and saving me from a greater embarrassment. I told him about Michael, and he even tried to comfort me. Then he asked why I hated him, or why I hated when he touched me—or perhaps he had asked both… Well, anyway, I explained to him that the fact we had been friends during our childhood didn’t mean we were friends now. Our new friendship will have to be built gradually, and although both have our shortcomings and explosive tempers, if we actually tried we could get together in harmony, and if we couldn’t do it for ourselves then we should at least try for the good of the group. I think that’s what I said… Then he kind of freaked out and said something about the obligation to protect me that this wasn’t a choice, and it had nothing to do with friendship. I was too tired to argue with him, so I went upstairs and slept. End of the second story.”
“Heavens, no wonder he was so upset… He practically threw the white flag back at your face… Beth, I bet he spoke without thinking, and probably none of his words came out the way he wanted. I think he really cares about you, and the way he is feeling now… Just try not to go ballistic on him when he returns from school, okay?”
“I have no intention of fighting him anymore; I’m not even angry at him, okay? As far as I’m concerned, all that yelling at each other ended.”
“My friend, are you sure that problem with your energy didn’t affect your personality? Are you sure you are okay now?” Amie asked, and Beth nodded. “And what about the two of you being childhood friends?”
“Yeah, it’s a little weird. Before he moved from the city we were close friends, like always together, you know? Our parents got along pretty well at the time, and that’s all I remember. He had left just before you and I became friends, but it doesn’t matter now. Come, let’s go to the grass field, there is this thing we have to do,” Beth said, pulling Amelie by the hand.
“If this is something related to our abilities, we’d better go to the shed. The field is full of workers finishing yours and Jake’s tower,” Amie said, following Beth.
“You are right… I forgot about them.”
So the two girls went to the center of the shed where Beth stood facing Amelie.
“What are we doing, if I may ask?”
“We will strengthen our bond. I think the correct term is ‘energy-sharing’. You’ll circle and accumulate energy; I’ll do the same. Then we’ll hold hands, and I’ll welcome your energy inside me as if it was part of my own, and you’ll do the same. I guess that’s it. Just remember that the feeling you need to use is the love we have for each other.”
“Hey, I’m not gay, you know? Just kidding, you don’t need to look at me like that… Actually, this thing seems to be quite interesting…”
So they did it like Beth explained and when they touched they went into a trance instantly. Inside her mind, Beth was received by her little one.
“You did it! You brought Amie with you! Now you have to be able to feel, accept and truly love our new friend.”
“So, let’s do it.”
He and his garden disappeared, and a new place came over. Now Beth was in a meadow and there was a little girl playing around, flying a kite. It was Amie as a kid, and, like Leon, she was about seven years old.
“Amie!”
“Beth, is that you? You brought me here?” The little girl came running toward her.
“Yeah, do you like it?” She knelt down to be at the same height as the girl. 
“A lot! Can I stay?
Beth let the love she felt for her friend fill her heart and her soul, and stretched out her arms to receive the kid.
“Sure you can. Now we’ll be together forever, you are where you should be.”
“Yes, I’m with you now!” And the little girl threw herself joyfully into her arms.
When Beth and the Amie-kid embraced, there was a flash and images invaded Beth’s mind. All their past problems, little fights, arguments, disagreements, misunderstandings, and so on showed in her mind… She saw everything through her friend’s eyes as if they had changed roles, and she could fully understand Amie’s past gestures and her thoughts. So this is what the ‘sharing’ was about, complete understanding and acceptance… and true forgiveness for everything. They were sharing everything they had lived together.
Those mental images slowly faded as the two figures merged into each other, and then Beth was standing elsewhere. It looked a lot like her mother’s garden, only this one seemed to be somewhat enchanted, with exotic, breathtaking flowers all over the place and a double wooden swing, similar to the one where she talked to Leon, standing on the center of it all facing a fountain with a cherub statue on the top. Her little one was there, sitting at the marble wall of the fountain as well as Amie-kid.
“Where are we now?” Beth looked around, unsure.
“As I told you, each one of us has a secret place inside your mind. This is yours. When you want to talk to any of us separately, you have to imagine the secret place of whom you want to meet, the place where you first found us, and when you want to talk to all of us, here is where you’ll have to come,” Leon-kid said.
“Dude, my mind is sooo cool… Wish I could stay here forever,” Beth sighed, admiring the splendorous garden.
“No, you can’t!” Amie-kid cried.
“Shush, relax honey; I’m not going to do that.” Beth smiled, hugging the child. “So, what happens now?”
“Now that we are together, I can help you use air just like the ‘other me’ does. It also will be easier for my bigger part to protect you, since she will always know when you need her; all you have to do is send me a signal or talk to me. See, I can talk to the other you inside her, like a phone call, but you have to call me first. I mean, unless you—or she—are actually in real danger, then I do the connection whether you want it or not, unless you block me… Don’t worry, it will happen almost instantly and, soon, doing so will be so natural to you that you will not even notice you are doing it… You will learn to control it fast enough.” Amie-kid was ‘super-babbling’.
Well, she was a part of the real Amelie after all, so it must be expected for them to behave similarly.
“You can do these things too, little-one?”
“No, your union with my other part wasn’t complete… You took some of his energy, but he didn’t take any of yours, so there isn’t another you inside him. Still… I can do some things, like block your mind from outside interference and strengthen you. I think there could be some other little things I can do, but we will have to learn them with passing time… I know it’s not the same as manipulating fire and all, but don’t you think these are useful too?”
“Of course I do. You are my little-one, and you already helped me a lot!”

Beth woke from her trance, feeling strange. There was a fluctuation in her life force. Different from the energy that came through the earth and could be found all around her, her vital energy only circled inside of her like her blood; it was her essence, her life.
And the oscillation she was feeling seemed to be something like the time she had lost too much blood as if she had just lost a lot of her vital energy. At the same time, she was reassured by this gut-feeling that things were supposed to be that way; that everything would be alright.
Inside her heart, Beth knew exactly what was happening. With the ‘sharing’, she donated a little of her own existence to Amie. It would take some time to recover since that wasn’t something she could draw from the earth.
“Beth, you are back! You took so long I was beginning to think something had gone wrong, and I couldn’t wake you… There was this thing inside of me saying I had to give you time…” Amelie was pale and ‘super-babbling’ as usual.
It took a few seconds for Beth to clear her head, and then she noticed that she was lying on the ground with her head in her friend’s lap. She was exhausted. “Amie, are you okay? What happened?”
“I did exactly what you said and, when I woke from the trance, you were still out... Then suddenly there was like, you know, a great burst of energy, different from anything I had seen before, it didn’t cause any damage, it was more like a big bomb of light going out, a flash or something like this, it was so bright and so beautiful and so scary… Then you fell, and I thought that somehow I had hurt you!” There were tears in Amelie’s eyes.
“I’m fine Amie.” Beth thought for a moment, trying to put into words what her instincts were telling her. “It was a ‘purifying-light’—nothing evil could have survived it—and it was caused by the perfect union and acceptance of our energies. This means it worked for you too; how was it?”
“Girl, it was A-W-E-S-O-M-E! Why you didn’t tell me that I would have a miniature of you inside of my head? She’s so cute I want to hug her all the time, and the flashback thing? Made me feel closer to you than ever! And I feel like super powerful now! It’s as if my energy had doubled in volume and potency. And maybe I didn’t understand correctly what the mini-you said because apparently we should have a kind of hotline between our minds now… What the heck does it mean? I can do this with the others too?”
“Slow down, Amie… Take a breath.” Beth smiled at her, thrilled with her friend’s joy while feeling deliciously at peace. “I didn’t know exactly what would happen. You know how it works; it was just something I had to do.
“And I’m sorry, but I don’t think you can share your energy with the others. As for your increased energy, I think that’s because I sent part of mine into you, but I don’t know if it will fade or if it’ll be a permanent thing, we’ll have to wait and see.”
“That makes sense…” Amie frowned thoughtfully. “Hey, do you have a mini-me inside you too?
“Yeah, I have an Amie-kid. She is just like when you were seven years old.” Beth closed her eyes for a moment, thinking how it would be nice if she could go back to her bed.
“You look really drained… Why don’t I feel tired at all? Are you sure everything is alright? I think I might have done something wrong, something stupid that screwed with our sharing…”
“No, Amie, this is how it was supposed to be. I just wish I could rest a little more, but there’s this sense of urgency within me… I’ll have to do it again today.”
“Are you sure this can’t wait till tomorrow? Right now you don’t even seem able to stay on your feet… I know! What if you do like Jake taught me, and recharge your batteries with the earth force?”
“Nope, unfortunately this battery can only be recharged by itself… and for sure I cannot wait,” Beth said and thought it was weird that, in so little time, she knew how to interpret some of their Goddess’ wishes… 
“You will do the ‘sharing’ with all the Warriors?” Amie asked, yanking Beth out of her thoughts.
“Not with all…”
“Let me guess, Leon?” Amelie shot her a knowing look.
Beth thought before answering, cautiously arranging her words. “Do you remember the feeling you used to complete our union?”
“Sure, I released all the love I feel for you... Oops, big problem there… But maybe you two can figure a way to make it work?”
“It wasn’t just love, Amie, but also the complete acceptance of whom we really are from inside. Leon and I… We would not be able to do this… at least, not right now.”
“It seems so… Wait, but you do have to do the sharing with all the Warriors, don’t you? So, not doing the sharing with Leon will not interfere with whatever you have to do with all of it?”
“I actually don’t know yet what I’ll have to do, so I can’t answer your question… By the way, you’d better avoid discussing this issue with him. I know I would not be able to keep the sharing a secret for long, but I don’t know what else to do, and I’m afraid of his reaction.”
“Yeah, I can see it. Leon will feel left out of it and being as hardheaded and stubborn as he is, he will never understand your motives. Perhaps you should try it with him anyway, at least this way he’ll not blame you if it doesn’t work.”
Beth did not agree with Amie. She knew Leon would understand. What she most feared was hurting his feelings, but she was not going to tell Amie anything about it. Instead, she opted to explain the consequences of sharing with him now.
“Amie, do you understood what I did that day when we were attacked out there on the field, the thing that turned me into a kind of electric-girl for several days?”
“Uh, not really.”
“Well, I tried to join my energy with his. It wasn’t even close to ‘sharing’; I only tried to use the two energies at the same time, to strengthen our attack... Apparently not even our energies are compatible, and I ended up short-circuited for a week. Now, imagine what could happen if I tried to do something like this?”
It was not exactly what happened, but close enough. They were not in tune with each other, and even if she dared to let him know how she felt about him, what she didn’t, the result of sharing untuned energies could be catastrophic.
“Wow… That could create something similar to a nuclear bomb! Please forget I suggested it; better yet, I totally forbid you even to consider it!” Amie sounded scared for a moment. “Ok, changing subjects. What about this hotline thing?”
“I found this part a little confusing too. You know, your mini-clone doesn’t speak very clearly when excited, just like you.” Beth laughed. “I think we’ll end up finding out what it means sooner or later.”
After some time, Beth was able to stand and, with Amie’s help, they returned to the house, sat comfortably on the back porch couch and talked about their flashbacks, apologizing for past fights.
Chapter 19




It was about time for the others to arrive from school, even knowing that, the two girls still jumped, startled, when the door bell rang. Beth went to open it and was quite surprised to see Michael standing on the front porch. Even more so because he had an ugly black eye and was carrying a bouquet of roses in his hands.
“Michael, what happened to you? Don’t tell me you have been fighting.” 
“I haven’t been fighting. Can we talk... just the two of us?” He was giving her that puppy-dog look.
“Sure, come in,” she said, still suspicious.
Amie made herself scarce, and Beth led him to one of the sofas in the game room, closing the door on the way to isolate them from the rest of the house.
“These are for you.” Michael extended the flowers to her, but Beth just rolled her eyes and folded her arms to make it clear that she was not going to touch them.
“Will you tell me what happened to your face? And… Why bring me flowers?” 
“I already told you, it was nothing... Only something I deserved, for acting like an idiot. And the roses are just an apology; I know you love them…” Michael sighed and put the bouquet on the coffee table in front of him before sitting down.
“Uh-hum, and who happened to give you this little lesson?” It felt awkward for her to speak with him while standing as if she was towering over him or something, so she leaned against the arm of the couch he sat on.
“It was your friend, Leon,” Michael said, resigned, and lowered his eyes. “But I’m not mad or anything, he was right and, as I said, I deserved it.”
Oddly enough, Beth was not surprised by his answer. Judging her silence as a signal to proceed, Michael took her hands between his and she did not remove them. Even if she had admitted to herself that she loved Leon, Beth still cared about Michael.
“Babe, I’m terribly sorry. I can’t say how stupid and inconsiderate I was. You are the most important person to me, and I always end up hurting you… The way I treated you at the ball was unforgivable and totally undeserved. 
“I don’t know what came over me. But leaving you… breaking up with you that way… it was the worst of all. I was so embarrassed I wasn’t thinking straight. I didn’t stop to think about you or your feelings. The last thing I want is to hurt you. Please, baby, will you be able to forgive me?”
“Mich, I have nothing to forgive. I’m not angry with you.”
He had tears in his eyes and kissed her hands, and then he pulled her onto his lap and hugged her tightly. She had no reaction. She did not push him away or embrace him back, just sat there, without knowing what to do.
“Oh baby, I was so desperate… I don’t know what I’d do if I couldn’t have you back.”
“You are wrong, Mich. I’m not mad at you, but that doesn’t mean we will be together again. I… I can’t be with you anymore.” She broke free from his embrace and sat on an armchair, far away from him. “You were right about some of the things you said. I no longer feel the same way about us and, to be honest, I was going to break up with you; you just happened to do it first.”
Her voice was unusually cold and calm, without any emotion. Michael looked at her, stunned, and she held his gaze firmly. She knew the words were hurting him, badly, but that was the only way to go through all that without giving Michael mixed signals. 
If she showed him how miserable she was feeling, then he would never give up on her. Michael could be stubborn and was accustomed to having what he wanted, so the faster he understood they were over, the better it would be for everyone, including him.
“Beth, babe, that’s the way you found to punish me? Okay, I agree I deserve it. If you want I can even beg you on my knees, but please, don’t look at me this way.”
She felt a pang of guilt and sadness seeing his tears but held her ground. It wouldn’t be fair to any of them if she lost her nerve and returned to him out of pity. Michael was a great guy (even if her friends could not see it) and deserved so much more than what she could give him.
“I’m not punishing you. We were always honest with each other. We never needed to play any kind of games between us, so I’ll not lie to you just to make you feel better. Things are the way they are, and you have to accept it.”
“This is about that guy, Leon? There is something happening between you two?” He now was pacing in front of her, scratching his head. “But then, why was he so angry when he saw me with Marcy? Unless this is just a one-side thing…”
Ouch, right on the bull’s eye. Covering her feelings, Beth took on that piece of information he accidentally threw at her. It was expected that, after dating for so long, she felt at least a little jealousy toward Michael, but it was not the case, on the contrary, she thought the two of them could form a cute couple.
“Marcy? Marcy Benton, the mayor’s daughter? Are you two together? That’s great, Mich! Something tells me that she’ll need someone special by her side, and you know I have always liked her.” 
“By God, Beth! What’s wrong with you? Of course I don’t have anything with Marcy, we were just talking! Her father left her mother and moved to the hotel. I know you; don’t try to change the subject. I deserve to know the truth. What the hell is going on between you and the new guy? Why does he seem so protective of you?”
“There is nothing going on, I can’t even say we are friends at the moment. I think he took seriously the role of bodyguard Toni gave him, nothing more. Moreover, he will be leaving soon, and he has a girlfriend waiting for him, one whom he loves. And I definitely don’t feel a thing for him.” Beth felt a stab in her heart at the sound of her own lie but kept her voice firm. “Don’t worry, I’ll talk to him and ensure that he doesn’t bother you again.”
Michael sat on the sofa again, breathed deeply and stared intently into her eyes. For a long time, neither of them spoke. Finally, he broke the silence. 
“Babe, listen. I know you have been through a lot, life has not been easy, and you may be feeling a little lost, sad and angry. I agree that I haven’t been doing much to help… If you want me to give you more space, that’s okay. I can do that; we don’t need to be glued to each other’s ribs. Just don’t allow those terrible things to change who you truly are.”
“I don’t know where you’re going with this, Mich. I’m the same person. Nothing changed other than my feelings for you; they aren’t the same they used to be, but this sort of thing happens all the time with lots of people, especially at our age.” She was trying, but he was testing her patience.
“Yeah babe, you have changed. You have been changing a lot since the accident. I almost don’t recognize you anymore… I have an idea, don’t worry. My mom knows this guy, he is an expert on post-traumatic stress. We can make an appointment and, after talking to him, I promise that you’ll feel well again.” His eyes were feverish and full of hope.
Beth sighed. “There’s nothing wrong with me. I feel good, really. Sorry if I went too hard on you... I didn’t mean to hurt you, Mich. I honestly would like for us to continue being friends, but first you need to accept the fact that we’ll never be a couple again and get over it.”
“Friends? I don’t wanna be only your friend, Beth; I never wanted it! Do you want me to leave you alone? Great, but don’t think I’ll come running back when you realize you screwed things up. And there’s no need to accompany me to the door; I know the way very well!” He shouted and turned his back to her, preparing to leave.
Yep, that was his macho-ego talking, or yelling.
“Michael.”
He turned around, and Beth threw the flowers at him, who grabbed them by reflex. “You’d better take those to Marcy. I seriously think you two would be good together,” she said with sincerity.
He glared at her for a moment before leaving, slamming the door behind him. Beth sat again, burying her face in her hands, feeling like a bitch for hurting him but knowing there was no other way. She did not love him, and they were not meant to stay together.
After a few minutes, Amie and Chloe came in and sat on the floor in front of her.
“Was it too bad? I mean… He seemed to be very upset…” Chloe asked, squeezing her knee.
“Well, he thinks I need to see a doctor and that there is something wrong with my head since I refused to resume our relationship,” Beth said with a dull smile. “I think I really hurt him this time.”
“Michael is an asshole. Don’t worry too much. You’ll see, soon he’ll be hooking up with some other pretty girl,” Amie said.
“Oh, I think that will be Marcy. They were hugging, and it seemed pretty intimate until Le… Well, I mean, I think it was nothing.” Chloe blushed and looked down at her shoes.
“Until Leon saw and decided he needed to give Michael’s face a reform?” Beth guessed what her friend did not dare to say.
“Well, that’s what he did… But frankly, I don’t understand why.”
“Leon thinks Michael hurt me, and I think he is taking his guardian chores a little too far,” Beth grumbled.
“And I think he did it just to take out the anger and guilt he was feeling for the shit he said to you yesterday,” Amie suggested. “Are you going to kill him?”
“Nope, I’ll bet on what I said, no matter how difficult it may be, and remain calm. No more yelling, at least on my part.”
“Okay, could someone please fill me in what is happening here? Who are you and what did you do with my hothead friend?” Chloe asked, confused, not knowing what the other two had talked about that afternoon.
“Amie will tell you everything, including what we—you and I—will need to do later on, as soon as the boys go out on patrol. Apparently I will be stuck here for a little longer…” Beth spoke loud enough so only the girls could hear her and discreetly pointed at the door where Leon was waiting. “Maybe I should have stayed another day in my bed…”
With a knowing look and a reassuring smile to Beth, Amie pulled Chloe’s arm.
“Leave it to me, Captain! Our Chloe will be well informed,” Amie said and guided the confused, petite Warrior out of the room.
Leon let the two girls go out before closing the door again. Beth stayed exactly where she was, sitting on the armchair as he approached slowly. Their eyes were locked on each other. She managed to keep her gaze steady and blank, and it was he who looked down first. Thankfully he could not hear her crazy heart…
He threw his body on the couch nearest to her and kept looking at the floor, seeming to be having trouble finding his voice. He slid his hand through his hair, and Beth followed the gesture, wondering if it could be as silky as it looked. She snapped out of it and cleared her throat, breaking the awkward silence.
“Do you want something, Leon?”
“I want many things…” He gave her his sardonic smile raising an eyebrow and staring at her. “But now I’m just waiting for you to start yelling at me, so let’s get this over with.” He bowed his head and gave a resigned sigh.
“I will not argue with you. I’m not your conscience, Leon. From what I heard, you thought you were protecting me somehow, despite it not being necessary. I appreciate your intention and concern, but I hope you don’t do it again. I can take care of Michael by myself, ok?” She stood and walked toward the closed door, leaving Leon, with his mouth agape, still sitting on the couch.
“Liz, wait!” He followed and grabbed her hand.
She felt a flash of light going through her eyes with the contact of his skin on hers, thanks to heavens she had her back to him and Leon did not see it. Quickly controlling her flow of energy—there was nothing Beth could do about how hammer-jack-crazy her heart was beating—she turned to him, struggling not to squeeze his hand on hers.
It would be much easier for her if she could get used to his occasional touches, maybe this way her body would cease to react so strongly to him. Looking in his eyes and hiding all her emotions, she waited for him to speak.
“I want to apologize for yesterday, the things I said... That’s not how I feel at all.” Leon seemed to notice he was still holding her hand and released it. “I don’t want you to think I despise you or your friendship, much on the contrary. It would be great if we could be friends… again.” 
Looking at her feet, Beth sighed, relieved. If she could not have his love, at least she would have his friendship and she could still be a part of his life, even after he left, and it sure was better than having nothing at all.
This time it was Beth who took his hand, being careful not to raise her head until the flash in her eyes disappeared.
“I’m glad you think this way, Leon. I think Thera brought all of us together in our childhood intentionally, for us to grow up the way we did, participating in each other’s lives and building a solid and sincere friendship… 
“Unfortunately you were taken from us too soon, but maybe we can still fix that and build for us a relationship as strong and beautiful as the one I share with the others. Actually, I’m betting on it.”
Leon kissed her hand and released it again, almost causing her a heart attack. “Thanks Liz, for giving me a chance. I promise not to disappoint you.”
“Oh, you will, some day, just as I’ll hurt you too. That makes part of this whole thing called being human, but managing to overcome it and sincerely forgive the other faults… That is what makes a real friendship, what strengthens it. It’s all part of the process, Leon, but being able to do so takes time,” Beth wisely replied, still staring into his eyes.
He gave her a real grin, which made her stomach flutter, and she thought for sure she would make him do that more often from now on.
“Liz, I think I still have much to learn from you. Fortunately I also have some little things to teach,” he joked and then slid his hand over his hair again. “I guess this is part of the process too, hum? See, we are already taking the first steps.”
“Indeed we are. So how about getting a little work done while we are still agreeing with each other?” Beth smiled and winked at him.
Chapter 20




There was a large and detailed city map opened over the dining room’s table, and the six Warriors were studying it carefully.
“Are you sure it is inside the town? It could be anywhere, and the forest seems to be the better choice to hide it,” Bern commented without lifting his eyes from the map.
“No, no. I’m sure of it. I just can’t tell exactly where, but it is within the city’s limits.” Beth was becoming more and more intuitive with each passing day.
“So we just have to separate it into small sections and scour every corner to make sure we don’t miss anything,” Jake said.
“We don’t need to waste time on places with lots of people passing by, like the school and city hall. If someone had seen it, we would already know since the news flies in Silver Blade,” Amie pointed out.
“Okay, so let’s start with the industrial area; there are too many buildings, warehouses and factories, all vacant around there. It is also where the biggest abandoned mine of the region is. There are an endless number of tunnels inside of it; like a maze… We’ll need a specific map to go through it,” Leon said, already tracing lines on the map.
“Oh, my dad went through this crazy mid-life crisis a couple years ago, before the divorce, where he thought he was some kind of treasure hunter, and he was pretty obsessed with that mine… I bet he still has the best maps. I’ll ask him to send them to us urgently. But what if the portal is inside the house of the person who opened it?” Chloe questioned.
“It is a possibility, but I don’t think that would be a clever idea. Unannounced visitors are always showing up, and there would be the possibility of someone seeing one of those things coming out of it. We don’t have any crazy people living alone in some distant farm, one who shoots against the vendors and visitors, do we?” Leon asked.
“Nope, we have some eccentric people around here, but they are harmless,” Jake replied.
“Look guys, there is a hell of a lot of places to search and only six of us. I don’t think it’ll be safe to explore alone, so I suggest we split into two groups of three, and the two groups will have to be always searching the same area. This way, if one group gets in trouble the other can reach them quickly. But even doing so, the time we have will not be enough… not if we expect to get some sleep and food during the coming weeks…” Beth spoke.
“We should have done this earlier, but we were so sure it was in the woods…” Amie complained.
“Well, I don’t have any control over the things that pop up in my mind. The forest seemed to be the most logical place to look,” Beth defended herself.
“There’s no other choice; we’ll have to leave school for a while, and by doing that we sure will call unwanted attention over us; it’s not like we can all get medical discharges at the same time...” Chloe said.
“If we have no choice, then it’s already settled. We will deal with the problems one at a time.” Bern said.
“Okay, it’s getting dark already, but we still can do something. Where do we begin?” Jake asked.
“Hum, actually Chloe and I have something urgent to do now… You four should go and start by going through that unfinished hotel near here. It’s only five blocks away and, if there is any problem, we can reach you in no time,” Beth said, bracing herself for the arguing she knew was coming.
“We don’t have time for girl issues, Beth; you just said it yourself. What in hell do you two have to do that is more serious than this?” Jake began.
“Easy man, if she says it’s important, then it is. You know how her intuition works by now. Your sister is not irresponsible; we need to trust her more. On the other hand, I don’t think we should leave the two of them alone here… Liz, someone else will have to stay since I’m guessing you two will be too distracted, doing whatever you have to do, to notice if a demon approaches.” Leon said to general astonishment, including Beth’s who was expecting a fierce argument from him.
“Okay, Amie can stay too. Thank you, Leon, and we can join you three if we end soon—“
“No!” Amelie cut her off. “You will be too tired for it, and then there’s tomorrow... The boys can fend for themselves today. If they get in trouble, they’ll run back here.”
The three guys changed suspicious looks.
“Maybe we all should stay and help you with—“
“Nonsense Leon, we can take care of things here just fine. You go on and make sure that there is no inter-dimensional gate in that hotel.” Amelie waved her hand, cutting off any further argument and, surprisingly, Leon shut his mouth and turned to leave.
“Seriously?” Jake ran after his friend and the girls still heard his last comment. “What happened between you and my sister in that room? It must have been something world-changing otherwise you would be in each other’s throat by now.”
The three girl friends walked to the grass field in silence. It was almost dark, and the workers had already gone. At the edge of it, they stopped and surveyed the area. The chill in the wind was bringing the promise of a cold night, but the warmth of the day still lingered in the air.
“Beth, I don’t think we should go far from the house. I have a hunch that doing this a second time on the same day will drain you even more,” Amie suggested.
“Maybe you’re right; it’s just that I don’t know what kind of interference the purifying light could cause to the towers or the electronic devices in the house, so I think we should do it inside the shed again.” That, and the feeling of being watched yet again, but she didn’t say it.
Amie nodded and they went to the shed. Beth explained the procedure to Chloe one more time. The pixie-like Warrior was nervous and a little scared, certainly influenced by Amie’s concern.
“Chloe, relax. This will not hurt me; I promise. I’ll just get tired, and honestly it feels so good that I don’t care. You’ll see.”
“I’m going to do it; it’s just that I’m a little nervous… Hum, don’t you think it’ll be better if we sit facing each other? Amie said you fell when you two did it earlier.”
“You are right; I don’t want a bump on my head.” Beth sat down on the concrete floor and pulled Chloe with her while suppressing a shiver. The concrete floor was freezing. “Now begin accumulating energy.”
The whole process was pretty much the same as before: meeting, love, acceptance, flashbacks and everything else. Then Beth was in her beautiful garden again with the three kids.
“Hi, little-one.” Beth hugged him.
“Hi Liz, you brought another one!”
“Yes, this is little Chloe. Hi, Amie-kid.”
“Hi Beth, I’m happy!”
“I am too, but I have some questions for you three, if that’s alright.”
“We will be happy to answer if we can,” said Chloe-kid.
“Okay, so you are representations of the Warriors energies, right?”
“Yes, our forms are created by your mind, to make things easier for you.” The ‘little-one’ gave a step forward indicating he would be the spokesperson. “But we also are part of the greater energy called Thera.”
“Okay, do you have access to any information that I don’t? I mean, do you know something I don’t already know?”
“Some… We do gather some information that comes from Thera, but it’s not much, and it’s also a bit messed up, needing a little interpretation work on our part, so you can’t take it as being some kind of irrefutable truth.”
“Yeah, but some of it is pretty clear for us,” Amie-kid interrupted, receiving a glare from the little-one.
“Okay, your interpretation is good enough for me, so I’ll have to do the sharing with your other part, ‘little-one’?”
“Yes, sometime soon, just not right now. You two aren’t ready yet, but you already knew that.”
“Yes, I knew it, just wanted to confirm... Anyway, why is it so urgent that I bring all of you here?”
“Because it makes you very tired and you will need time to recover before things get ugly.”
“But there are still nineteen days till our deadline; it seems like plenty of time for me to do the sharing with the remaining Warriors.”
“No, Liz, if the portal is still open at noon on Halloween day, then you have already lost.”
“Okay… I’m freaking out a little here, so why don’t you explain all this to me?”
“The vibes we are receiving from Thera are not clear, but I will try…”

Beth came out of her trance. She was lying on the floor with her head in Amie’s lap again with Chloe watching her anxiously.  She was thoroughly drained and found out that, unintentionally, she had lied to her friends; she was not feeling good at all.
“Oh Beth, thank Goddess! I was getting kind of desperate here.” Chloe wiped the tears off of her face.
“I… I’m fine, I guess.” She was not sure of that. Her head was spinning too fast with all the information she got from the kids.
“You certainly took a long time to come back to us, girl. I don’t care if Thera says it’s critical, you will not do that twice in a row again.” Amie gave her a strained smile which did not help to conceal her concern.
“I don’t think I can do it either… Tomorrow will only be Bernard.” Beth tried to give a smile to her friends but failed; she was too exhausted.
“There is any chance of simply not doing it tomorrow? Don’t forget that we still have to raise the barrier. According to Bruno the workers will finish with the towers by lunchtime,” Chloe said.
“Nope. Not a chance at all. We don’t have time...” That was not the time to reveal what she knew; all the Warriors should be present for that. “And you, Chloe… How are you feeling?”
“Are you kidding me? I feel better than ever while you can barely keep your eyes open,” Chloe cried, filled with guilt.
“I said it doesn’t hurt… Just tired… Don’t worry, it’s alright. Nobody said this job would be a piece of cake, right? But, go on, tell me… When I did it with Amie, she couldn’t shut up for hours…”
“Well, you know her; she is a super-babbling-freak. If I start talking I’ll not be able to stop crying. It is simply amazing,” Chloe said, wiping tears again.
“Well, you can start talking, or crying… I’ll need some time before being able to stand… How long I was out?” She felt her strength beginning to fail.
“Nearly two hours… With me, you took only half an hour.” Amelie was watching her closely and seemed even more worried.
“Wow… I guess time flies… when I’m talking to the kids…”
“Elizabeth Monterey, I can’t believe you! We were almost tearing our hairs here, and you were chatting all this time?” Chloe tried to sound angry, but her tears kind of ruined the effect.
“Not chatting… gathering information… very different.” Beth could barely move her lips to talk, and her body was shivering.
“Okay, that’s enough. By now the guys must have already returned, so Chloe, go to the house and bring Bern back with you. We need to take Beth inside; it already became too cold out here, and she is freezing,” Amie commanded like a true Guardian.
“No Amie... They will worry...” Beth mumbled.
“It doesn’t matter. They will kill me if I let you catch pneumonia. I don’t know if viruses and bacteria can be exterminated by our means. Furthermore, you are in no condition to argue with me; in fact, you aren’t in a condition to do anything at all,” Amie said and signaled to Chloe, urging her to go, and the girl didn’t wait, breaking into a run once out of the shed.
“They will… make questions…”
“Just tell me what you want me to say.”
“Nothing… at all…I’ll have to do it… myself... Will Chloe?”
“Don’t worry, we talked while you were out and I asked her not to say anything to anyone unless you asked yourself. She will not open her mouth,” Amie replied, stroking Beth’s hair gently.
“I wanted… to talk with Chloe… as we did.”
“You will have plenty of time to do so later, now you just need to rest, okay?”
Beth heard the shed door opening, indicating that Chloe had returned.
“Shit, what happened? Is Beth hurt?” Bern, always overprotective, asked, already running to her.
“No, Bern… just tired… I swear,” Beth said as Bern leaned over her, checking for injuries.
“What the hell have you been doing?” he asked the girls accusingly.
“Okay, here is how things will happen. Beth is too tired to explain now, and we will not say anything. So, you will have to wait till tomorrow, like it or not.” Amie left no room for discussion. “What we need is to get her inside, to her bed, and warm her up. Can you take her?”
“Sure I can. But don’t go thinking those two up there will accept that kind of response; you know they won’t.”
“They will have as much choice as you,” Chloe said.
Bernard lifted Beth in his arms and carried her to the house, muttering all the way about how cold she was, and how irresponsible the other two girls were to allow her to get so carried away in whatever she was doing instead of guarding her as was their duty.
When Bern came into the house carrying Beth, Jake and Leon jumped from their spots, but, before they could start with the questions, Amie cut them off.
“She is fine, just tired and needing to warm up. If you don’t ask questions, we will not lie to you. If you insist, we will simply ignore you. Beth herself will talk to you all tomorrow, after resting. If you have any complaints, you can send a memo to Thera. Did I make myself clear enough?”
Jake glared at the girls then at Bern and then at Chloe for some time. After his girlfriend reassured him with a nod, he seemed to relent even if he did not look happy about it. “If you promise me that she is okay…”
“I promise,” Chloe said, resting her hand on his arm.
Now Leon didn’t take things that easy. He ignored Amie and began to approach Bern with determination. Even being half asleep, Beth realized his intention was to examine her and despaired. She knew how low her vital-energy was at that moment and did not want to cause panic among her friends. Her brother surely would freak out; Leon probably would yell at everyone, not to mention Chloe, who was already feeling guilty. Thankfully, the little Warrior did not think about checking it herself while Beth was out.
Even without being aware of doing it, Beth sent a mental signal to the girls through their new link. Immediately the two girls jumped in front of Leon. Although her protectors had their backs to her, Beth knew their eyes were fully lit and then Chloe’s shield surrounded both Beth and Bern, preventing any scan attempt.
“Leon, I’m sorry, but you have to stand back, now,” Chloe hissed, ready to take him out of the way if needed be.
“I will not do anything. I just want to check her out and see if everything is alright; you know that, Chloe.” He did not even flinch, but neither did he make a move to get any closer.
“At the moment, no one will approach without her permission, and Beth is in no condition to allow it. So I suggest you just walk away and let us take care of her,” Amie snarled—she actually snarled at Leon—and got in fighting position. “Tomorrow you can talk to her if she so wants. Bern, take her upstairs, now.”
With his jaw almost hitting the floor, Bernard took a few seconds to react. “I don’t know what the hell is happening here, man, but Beth was awake just now and swore to me that she was just tired. I searched but didn’t see any injury, her heart is beating strongly, and her breathing is normal. I think it’s better if we just do as they say… I have no idea what got them to act like this, but I don’t think they will listen to you right now,” Bern said, maintaining his voice low and calm as he slowly walked toward the stairs.
The two girls walked behind Bern, making sure Jake and Leon stayed at bay while the guys seemed to be too stunned to do anything, not believing what they were seeing. They kept that formation till they reached the third floor. Leon soon followed them from a safe distance, waiting for a chance to get closer to Beth, still not convinced she was okay. It was a fruitless effort.
Amie locked the door by the stairs and stood guard while Chloe followed Bern into Beth’s room.
“Wait outside.” Chloe spoke in a tone totally different from her usual gentle one as soon as Bern put Beth on her bed. After he left, Chloe gently covered Beth with several blankets, murmuring softly that she would be back soon.
Beth was struggling to stay awake, curious about the events. She heard Chloe stopping at the door and sending Bern to grab a change of clothes for Jake in his room. After a few minutes, she heard Chloe speak again, telling Bern that Jake would sleep in her room on the second floor and that the third one would be locked and out of the guys’ reach until the next day.
A few minutes later, Beth felt the presence of the two girls in the room and, with effort, opened her eyes. They were no longer in combat mode. When they saw that Beth was still awake, they started to laugh, very hard, and Beth accompanied them weakly.
“You… almost scared them… to death,” Beth murmured.
“Girl, did you see Leon’s face? I think he seriously debated if it was worth facing us in order to get to you!” Amie did not seem able to stop laughing.
“Thank Goddess he had the good sense to avoid it. I never felt so powerful!” Chloe was holding her stomach, trying to control her laugh.
“Wow, now I understand what your miniature meant about our hotline. It is so cool! I felt you panicking and immediately I had a discharge of adrenaline and an amazing extra amount of energy… I tell you; it is an incredible amount of power that invades us. I wasn’t irrational, or anything like that; I wouldn’t hurt them. I would have done the same thing if you asked it normally, but there’s no doubt that this way the effect was incomparable,” Amie said, super-babbling.
“And priceless… Just remembering their faces makes me want to start laughing again. Undoubtedly it causes an impact…” Chloe completed. “Now, tell us, Beth, why did you panic?”
“Are you… kidding? You… saw… Leon’s… face?” Beth said, half laughing, half sleeping.
“If we hadn’t been drastic he would have torn you from Bern’s arms, that’s for sure. You would have had to spend the night being scanned, hearing him yelling at you or worse.” Amie laughed some more, then seeing Beth struggling with her eyes to keep them open, she got serious again. “Okay, that’s enough chat for now. Beth, you can sleep now; we locked the stair doors, and we will fetch Jake’s mattress and sleep here with you.”
Before Amie finished talking, Beth was already sleeping deeply.
Chapter 21




When Beth woke up the next day, she was still tired and, since that sense of urgency was not shouting within her head, she thought that she could wait till later to do the sharing with Bernard.
Then she groaned loudly, remembering all the explanations she would have to give the guys. Undoubtedly it would be a good thing if Thera could use some kind of written messages… This would facilitate my life considerably, she thought, remembering that Amie had made a similar comment the previous night.
The girls were in the small kitchen drinking coffee when Beth joined them; the stair doors were still locked.
“Morning, Warriors,” Beth greeted them with a smile.
“Good morning, girl. How are you feeling? You don’t seem fully recovered yet...” Amie said, studying her face.
“Good morning, Beth. Amie is right, why don’t you go back to bed?” Chloe said.
“Complain about that to Thera,” Beth muttered as she took a coffee mug.
“You’re not planning on sharing right now, are you? ‘Cause if you are, then Thera will definitely hear a word or two from me,” Amie protested.
“No, I think it can wait till later. Still there are many other things to be done and discussed. I had some revelations yesterday, and I will tell you, the news is no good, no good at all. If sharing didn’t require so much of me, it would be much easier…” Beth groaned.
“Considering the discharge of power that we felt yesterday, and your urgency to pass that to all Warriors, I think dark days are coming, and sooner than we had expected,” Chloe guessed.
“Pretty accurate. It’s time to face angry boys… are you two ready?” Beth asked, trying to gather courage for what she had to do.
“Well, how about a little more power to help?” Amie joked.
The three girls went down together and found the guys in the kitchen. Without a word, Amie and Chloe flanked Beth protectively and made her sit down to eat. None of the boys said anything.
“Toni, can you serve a reinforced breakfast for Beth, please? She needs some extra energy,” Chloe asked gently, without leaving Beth’s side.
“Sure, right away.” Toni paused and observed the three girls, noticing the protective formation toward her little Beth. “Is something wrong?”
“No, we just want Beth to eat peacefully; she needs it.” Amie was staring at the boys one by one, her eyes warning them that questions were still not welcome.
Beth felt a huge wave of love and gratitude toward her girl friends and shared it with them through their new link. Both gasped in surprise and squeezed Beth’s hands, smiling in appreciation. Chloe bowed her head, her eyes full of tears.
None of that exchange had gone unnoticed by the guys and Jake opened his mouth to speak, but closed it quickly when faced with the murderous look on Amie’s face. Leon and Bern bowed their heads instantly too and Beth had to restrain her laughter.
After eating until feeling her stomach was full, Beth looked at the Warriors, her friends, one by one. Where should she start? Her eyes rested on Leon, and she saw that she actually had no choice. Okay, better get the worst out of the way first so the rest would be like a walk in the park.
“Leon, can you come with me?” She stood without waiting for an answer.
“Beth, you are not thinking of…” Amie panicked.
“Do not worry, Amie, I’ll not do anything stupid,” Beth assured, cutting off her question, and then turned to the others. “Sorry, but I need to have a private conversation with Leon before explaining things to you. I’ll be back soon, ok?” She looked first at her brother, then at Bern; finally, she looked at the girls who were standing too, clearly willing to follow them. “It is okay girls, relax.”
Beth led Leon to the game room and shut the door after he entered. Then she sat down on the floor in front of the same couch Leon had been on the previous afternoon, crossed her arms over its seat and buried her head between them.
Still feeling tired and overwhelmed, Beth did not know how to start that conversation. She was afraid that, if she did not use the right words, she would lose all the progress the two had made so far.
She felt Leon sitting on the couch beside her head, but not too close, giving her space. He facilitated things by starting for her.
“You look tired, Liz.”
“It’s because I am.” She turned her head to look at him and smiled a little.
“Then you should at least take the rest of the morning off to sleep and recover.”
“Get on the line of the memos…” Sighing, Beth repeated the joke, then she got serious again. “We don’t have time, Leon.”
He watched her carefully. “What was that with the girls yesterday? Can you tell me?”
“I panicked when I saw what you wanted to do, and they reacted to it.”
“I was only going to scan you, nothing else, I swear. I was just worried…” He sounded hurt. “You don’t have to be afraid of me, Liz, never.”
“Oh, I wasn’t afraid of you, and I knew exactly what you wanted to do.” She sighed again. “But that was exactly why I panicked. I didn’t want them to know... It’s nothing; I’ll recover... But if they find out that… Well, their concern surely would make things more difficult for me, and it’s not as if I have a choice, you know?”
“Liz, I want to scan you. If you don’t want them to know then I won’t tell, but can you let me do it, for me?”
“I can tell you what you will find, but I think you’ll want to do it no matter what, so go ahead,” she said, closing her eyes.
Soon after, she felt the gentle touch of his energy examining her. She heard him swear under his breath and, when she felt that he had finished, she opened her eyes again.
Leon got up and paced the room for a while. Beth knew he was worried and trying to control his temper in order not to yell at her, so she waited in complete silence. After several minutes, he sat down again.
“Okay. You knew what I was going to find. And you don’t want the others to know about it because whatever it is that had caused it…” He stood again, walked with some more swearing, then returned to her side. “Liz… Do you have to do it again, I mean, whatever it was that you did yesterday, you will have to do again?”
“Yes… Once today and once tomorrow. But my life-energy is this low now only because I had to do it twice yesterday. It will not be so bad today; you will see.” She tried to calm him down, even knowing that it was a lie.
“Liz, your vital-energy, the thing that keeps you alive, is still freaking low now after twelve hours of sleep. I can’t even imagine how it was last night! That’s why…” Leon was shouting and Beth flinched. He closed his eyes, took several deep breaths and, after calming down again, he looked at her. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to… I’m not angry at you, ok? So, you said you had no choice, right?”
“That’s right, and I cannot wait either, Leon. It has to be done this way, just as I had to do it twice yesterday. Thera can be extremely persuasive sometimes.” She was gazing at him, pleading with her eyes for him to understand.
Leon stood yet again, walked from one side to another, and then, without warning, punched the wall, leaving his fist stamp on it. Beth jumped, startled, but remained silent. He lowered his head into his hands, breathed slowly and deeply and sat down again.
“Sorry about that, I’m just… Ugh, just ignore it. Liz, how bad are things gonna be? Thera let you know that?”
His voice was quiet and calm, but when Beth processed what he was asking, she was caught by surprise and could not hide her eyes fast enough, so Leon saw the terror she was feeling stamped there, dread she had managed to hide even from her best friends, until now.
“God, Liz.”
He slid to the floor and hugged her tightly. Beth felt her whole body shaking, and that was not because of the fear. Again she was caught off guard, and his touch sent her into a frenzy of sensations. Instead of backing away as she certainly should, she allowed him to comfort her, praying that no signal would be broadcasted through the link because of her uncontrolled emotions.
“Don’t worry… We’ll be fine, no matter what; we will get through it… It’ll be alright, I promise.” He was soothing her, his face so close to hers that Beth knew if she turned her head a little their lips would probably touch, but she didn’t dare to do it.
After awhile, Beth began to calm down and her body stopped shaking. She felt so good, so safe and… so right in his arms. She wanted to stay there forever, but the others were waiting, and the demons would not wait at all. And she had not even broached the subject that had brought them there. Still, she stayed for a little longer, only for a few more heartbeats, before backing off.
“Leon, I want to talk to you about what I did yesterday and what I’ll need to do later again…”
“I figured that much. You know you can trust me, don’t you?” He returned to the couch, giving her space again.
“Yes, and you… Do you trust me Leon?” She needed him to trust her, to understand why they could not do the sharing.
“Always, Liz, I already told you so. I’ll always trust you.”
“Then, please try to understand what I’ll explain.”
He gazed at her eyes and nodded, signaling her to continue.
“What I did with Amie and Chloe yesterday is called ‘energy-sharing’. Later today, I will do it with Bernard and tomorrow with Jake…But I have to tell you that I cannot do it with you.” She felt that her words had hurt him. “No, Leon, listen to me. It’s not that I do not want to do it with you, believe me, I do, but we can’t, not yet. Remember our conversation yesterday? About how deeply our group knows each other? About how Thera had approached us when we were children?
He was looking at his hands but nodded again.
“Well, sharing is about complete acceptance, total and sincere of all that concerns me and the other person sharing with me. I’m talking about reviewing everything that happened during a lifetime of friendship. There are no secrets—referring to those moments spent together. All is revealed without restraint. I see and feel what the other thinks and feels and vice versa.
“And then there is the fusion that requires total acceptance and love from both sides if it doesn’t happen… If, for some reason there isn’t this total and absolute acceptance, then it can be very dangerous.”
Beth paused for breath and touched his arm with her hand, urging him to look at her. When he did, she continued. “I can’t even try to make it with you now, not because I do not want to, but simply because we are not tuned enough yet.”
“I understand, Liz, do not worry about it. Anyway, I’d be too worried and probably would ruin everything.”
But Beth could still see the pain in his eyes.
“No, you don’t understand, but I’ll show you. And later, when I do it with Bern, I want you to watch. Then you will fully understand what I’m talking about.”
“You don’t need to prove anything to me. I was serious when I said that I trusted you, okay?”
The pain in his eyes disappeared, but she still had doubts. “Okay, but I still want to show you.”
They left the game room and found the rest of the Warriors on the back porch, amid a heavy silence. Jake narrowed his eyes upon their arrival and made his point known by folding his arms and glaring at Beth. She had been with Leon for too long. 
“Have the workers ended yet?” Beth asked to nobody in particular, ignoring her brother’s behavior.
“They just left,” Jake said, keeping his frown.
“I know you’ve already waited too long, I just think it’s prudent if we activate the barrier before we talk…But I will accept if you don’t want to wait anymore.”
“No, let’s turn it on already. It seems that this talk will be long, and we’d better be protected,” Bern said, shooting a warning glance at Jake who sighed and relaxed his stance.
“This will not drain you, Beth? Maybe if only Jake makes the central tower…” Chloe suggested.
“No, we’ll pull the energy directly from the earth for this. Besides, it’s essential that we all have a connection with our barrier,” Beth answered, smiling and motioning for the group to disperse.
Chapter 22




Each Warrior went to their respective tower, Beth and Jake together on the central one, Leon on the south tower, Chloe on the north, Amie at the east and Bern at the west. They drew the earth’s force, circled it around them for a few seconds and then discharged it into their engraved symbols.
As the barrier was being formed, Beth felt the power around them increasing. Focusing some of it on her eyes, she could see the barrier getting stronger and stronger. She signaled at her brother, and he also lighted his eyes. Seeing the barrier, he smiled triumphantly at her. When they felt that the barrier had achieved its maximum power, they stopped and waited for the others.
The day was overcast, the temperature was pleasant, and there was no wind, so they decided to sit right there on the grass field.
“First I want to do a demonstration with our energies, so I want you all to concentrate power on your eyes in order to see what I want to show. While you are doing that, I suggest you to use the opportunity to look at our barrier if you haven’t already done so.” Beth said proudly.
They all did as she said and admired their work with awe. They had done it, and it worked, all of them could feel it inside their bones.
After awhile, Beth cleared her throat, regaining their attention. “Bern, can you accumulate some energy and form a small sphere with it?”
“No prob.” He was already doing what she asked.
Beth did the same.
“Now send it about ten feet away from us.”
Beth waited until his energy reached the point she wanted. “Now, everybody, I want you to pay close attention to what will happen, ok?”
She sent her own sphere over to Bern’s. The two immediately got in line and slowly turned around each other, as if they were dancing. After a few seconds of this, Beth forced her sphere onto Bern’s and the two mingled together, forming a slightly bigger one with their power added, doubling the original force. Then, Beth separated them again, and the two resumed their dancing movement.
“Thanks Bern, you can let it go now. Amie?” Beth asked while sending her still formed sphere about six feet away from its previous location.
Amelie formed her own sphere and sent it toward Beth’s. If Beth’s and Bern’s had danced together, those two were performing an amazingly-crazy-award-worthy choreography, like long-date partners. And when Beth united them, the resulting sphere did not increase in its size, but the power contained inside of them had been multiplied at least by four. They all could feel it from that distance.
“Thanks Amie… Leon?” Beth was not sure if he wanted to try doing it in front of the others since neither of them had commented about what had happened when their spheres had collided during one of their training session. “You want to try, or…”
“That’s okay, Liz. I’ll do it.” He gave her a smile saying everything was OK, and began to build his sphere.
Amelie released her energy, but the powered up ball did not return to normal, or vanish, so Beth had to disperse it all and make another standard one that she sent twenty yards away from the group, much farther than when she joined with Amie’s.
When Leon finished his sphere, and before he could send it to hers, Beth evaluated the amount of power inside the two spheres and decreased hers by half, signaling to Leon that he needed to do the same with his. When they were done, she evaluated them again and nodded approvingly, allowing Leon to move his toward hers.
They did not dance; they just collided. First there was a loud crack, like thunder, then a flash of lightning and a huge electric discharge hit the ground and, even at that distance, they all felt a slight shock wave.
The Warriors were all gaping at the circle of darkened grass that was all that remained from the two spheres.
“That’s what you did that day?” Leon asked, still a little shocked.
“It should have been, but I read the instructions incorrectly and turned into the electric-girl for a week,” Beth joked, offering him an apologetic smile.
She had hoped that somehow their energies had come in tune overnight, not a chance. He returned her smile with his devastating one and squeezed her hand, showing her that he understood.
“Will you explain the difference between these three demonstrations?” Jake asked, seeming upset at not being called.
“Sure, but first you all have to know that Jake’s energy would have reacted the same way as Bern’s and Chloe’s as Amie’s,” Beth explained, giving her brother a stare for acting like a spoiled kid.
“What happened with Bern’s sphere and mine showed that our energies are in sync; while Leon’s and mine are not, yet. As for what happened with Amie’s and mine… Well, that’s because we advanced a step. We are more than in tune; we complement each other and it all has to do with friendship and acceptance…”
Beth spent the next hour explaining all about energy-sharing, but obviously she left out the part about it consuming her own life. Leon kept his promise and remained silent, even if she could see his jaw working with annoyance or concern, or maybe a little of both.
When Toni called them for lunch, Beth had already been feeling some sort of discomfort for awhile, warning that her time for sharing with Bern was getting close. Still tired and not having touched the most relevant issue, she decided to ignore it for a little longer.
After lunch, they all went to the back porch and spread through it, some sitting on the couch, others on the floor, all expecting for her to resume her explanations. She was too restless to sit down. Her head was becoming fuzzy and seemed to have bells ringing inside it, so she stood on her feet, leaning against the glass door.
“Well, now that I’ve explained about sharing, it’s time for the heavy subject.”
“What part of the previous conversation was ‘light’?” Bern asked.
“Believe me, my friend, compared to what I have to say, that was lighter than a feather…” Beth replied, a chill running up and down her spine.
Sensing Beth’s fear, the girls flanked her, reaching for her hands, without showing the ‘wildcat-ferociousness’ from before as Beth did not send any mental warnings. It was just friends’ instinct.
 “We always thought that our deadline, October 31, meant that after that day things would get ugly around here…” She waved off the girls’ hands and began pacing, sweat soaking her shirt and her forehead. There was a strange kind of energy reaching for her from the ground, and she knew very well what it was.
“Liz…” Leon stood beside her, but she ignored him.
“But we were totally wrong about it. Things are gonna get really awful… long before… that.” Her breath was becoming ragged, and there were black spots blurring her vision.
“Beth…” Amie reached out to grab her arm, and Beth ignored her too.
The ringing inside her head had become a siren, but she needed to finish. Who knows for how long she would sleep this time? They had to know the truth so they could be prepared while she lay unconscious in her bed.
“From what I was told, there are three classes of demons…” Her legs were refusing to support her and, if not for Leon and Amie, she would have fallen.
“Liz!”
“Beth, what’s wrong?”
Leon and Chloe spoke at the same time. Beth tried to ignore them again, but she could not remember what she was saying.
“There’s nothing wrong… Thera doesn’t like to be ignored, that’s all…” She retorted, making a face to the invisible energy surrounding her.
“Thera? Is she doing that to you? Why?” Jake asked, worried.
“It’s sharing time... It seems the rest will have to wait till later... I can’t even remember what I was saying…” Beth gave a soft laugh. “We need to go to the shed.”
Every step she took in the right direction seemed to consume a little of that strange energy, making her feel better. Soon all her discomfort was gone, but she still could not remember what she had to say to the others.
“When you said that sometimes Thera can be persuasive, I thought you were exaggerating,” Leon said as he subtly took Chloe’s place by her side.
“Nope, that was a true statement; she can be a pain in the ass sometimes. But now that I’m going to do what she wants, I’m alright. I just can’t remember what I was saying, which sucks because I know it was something important.” Beth paused, and a new thought crossed her mind. “Do you think Thera will punish me for talking like that?”
“I don’t think she would punish you even if we could send her that memo,” Amie laughed.
Arriving at the entrance to the shed, Beth held Leon back while all the others entered.
“I want you to promise me two things.”
“Of course Liz, I promise.” He answered without thinking, making Beth laugh.
“The problem is yours if you promised before knowing what I’ll ask. There’s no turning back now, you know that, don’t you?”
“You are making me feel like I’ll regret it…”
“Okay, the first promise you already made to me was that you will not scan me again, at least not until after the sharing with Jake.”
Leon frowned and opened his mouth to protest. She cut him off. “Seriously Leon, there’s nothing you can do and it will only make you more worried. Thera will not allow me to die while doing this, okay?”
Oh, Beth could see that he did not like it at all, but after hesitating and searching her eyes for a few seconds, he sighed and finally nodded in agreement.
“Thanks, now the second one is that you will not let me sleep until I finish telling you all what I have to. I know it’s very, very important that you know it as soon as possible. We can’t afford to wait till tomorrow. Believe me, Leon, this is serious.”
Again, he blinked, and even cursed under his breath, but eventually agreed. “I think you just took advantage of my trust,” he complained.
“On the contrary, I deposited all of mine on you,” Beth responded as they entered the shed. “I want you to sit behind me so you can catch me when I fall. This will prevent Bern from running to the house with me, okay?”
“Okay, but you didn’t say anything about falling.”
“Oh, and do not try to wake me up soon after the sharing. I’ll be in a trance, and it can take awhile before I come back. How long will depend on whether there is any new information from the kids or not.”
“Is there anything else I should know, and you casually forgot to tell me?” He was getting angry, and struggling to control his voice.
“Humm… Nothing I can remember right now,” Beth said, trying to sound serious. “Come on, Leon, just don’t freak out.”
“You know, I’m trying very hard to be a good friend and not to yell at you, but damn girl, I swear you are testing my limits,” he mumbled, pulling her to the center of the shed with him. 

This time the kids had no further information, so Beth woke up in about half an hour, as had happened the first time. The difference was that she was feeling much, much worse.
Even Bern’s face, which was right in front of her, seemed to be all blurry, and she was having trouble focusing her attention. She only knew he was crying because she felt his tears dropping on her hands, so she closed her eyes again, trying to force her mind to work.
Half sitting on the floor, she felt her back being supported by Leon’s chest. He was practically hugging her, his arms around her waist, his cheek on her head… It felt so good that she did not want to move at all. Sadly, something was telling her that she could not afford it. There was something she needed to say. If only she could remember what it was…
She tried to sit more upright to see if it helped her mind to clear the fog caused by her fatigue, but her body was too heavy, and all she managed was a slight tremor on her shoulders. It was enough for Leon to realize she had come back.
“Liz, please, let me take you inside and monitor you…” Leon said so softly in her ear that she was sure nobody else noticed. He sounded a little frightened.
“No… You promised me… I’ll be fine… I need to tell… Where I stopped?” Her voice was only a faint whisper and Leon sighed in her ear, sending a shiver through her body. The funny thing was that it helped to clear her mind.
“You were talking about having three demon classes.”
“Right… Just give me a second… to organize my thoughts.”
Without hesitation, Beth drew energy from the earth. It was not nearly enough to recompose her since it was not vital-energy, but it helped a little. She also asked for the help of her little friends. The kids protested. Her ‘little-one’ said she needed to rest, but in the end he relented, just like his other, real, one.
Feeling a little stronger, Beth tried to adjust her body into a better position. Sensing her movement, Leon spared her the effort and straightened her with ease, without breaking his grip around her.
“Better this way?” he asked, still whispering in her ear.
“Yes, thank you.” Her voice was low, but it was not a whisper anymore.
“Leon, I think it will be better if you just take her home… We can talk later,” Jake protested, worried sick about his sister.
“It’s okay Jake… What I have to tell…”
“It’s obviously not okay, Beth. You look like shit and…”
Beth knew her brother was worried and thinking only of her wellbeing, but she did not have the time, or energy, to reassure him, so she did what she could. She sent a brief signal through the link.
“Jake, you better sit down. Beth will do what she has to do, and neither you nor Leon can stop her,” Chloe said, pulling him to her side with a little more force than necessary.
“None of you will disagree?” Jake was openly upset now.
“Sorry buddy, but she made me promise...” Leon replied.
“Jake, she is exhausted, so if she insists on this talk, the better way to help is for us to stay quiet and listen, this way we can be over with it, and she can rest,” Chloe said firmly.
Jake gazed at his sister and seemed to calm down. He knew her well, and if she said it was necessary then it was, but it wasn’t like him to see Beth in that condition and stay put. Even so, he gave her an apologetic smile and nodded.
“So, continuing what I was saying, there are three classes of demons. The ones we have faced so far belong to the third class. They are the weakest ones…”
She paused, not only to see if they all were paying attention but also to regain her breath. She was trying to mask how weak she was; it was a difficult task with everyone staring at her.
“If, at twelve o’clock on the 31st of this month, there is an open portal, the demons of the first class—the strongest ones—will have a free pass into our dimension… And I was told that, if even one of them crosses by, it will be the end for all of us as well the whole of Silver Blade… Apparently a demon from this class can do this sort of thing as if it was child’s play. We’ll all be dead in the blink of an eye.”
Everyone looked at her in complete silence. The horror of what they had just heard was reflected in their faces.
Her strength was evaporating too fast, even with the little-one’s help, so she rested her head against Leon’s chest. He absentmindedly began to gently stroke her hair, clearly thinking on what she had said.
Breathing hard, she continued without allowing time for questions.
“Anyway, well before that, things are gonna get pretty bad for us… So far the portal was being manipulated… The passage of the demons was restricted to a few third-class… But whoever opened it—a human for sure—is losing control over it… and the path will get free… to any demon… from third and second class… soon. The war… is already starting.” Breathing was becoming too difficult with the effort of continued talking.
The silence was so intense they could hear a mosquito flying outside the shed. Each one of her friends seemed to be in deep concentration.
“I don’t know… who opened the portal… or where… Also have no information… about the demons… of the second class… But if we take into… account the huge… difference… between third and first…”
“We are completely screwed up,” Bern completed.
“Yeah… We have… add more weapons… more silver… arrows do more… Perhaps evacuate the city…Some may camp in… A lot to do…” Beth was no longer able to produce complete sentences. Her mind was slipping away.
“No, you don’t have to do anything else, except sleep,” Leon said as he stood with her in his arms. “As for you all, prepare the hall, call Bruno and Toni. We have to think of some strategic plan.” He started to walk away but then paused and lowered his head to speak in her ear. “Liz… Are you still awake?”
“Yes,” she whispered.
“Any idea how long until the portal becomes a free-zone?”
“The little-one said… Sharing urgent… No time… ‘cause I needed rest… We two will not… So tomorrow is last... couple days.” She snuggled closer to him, half asleep.
“That’s it. If we’re lucky and Thera’s timing is good, we have two, maximum three days to prepare. Let’s get started,” Leon said to the others and left.
“I wonder who this ‘little-one’ is,” Leon mumbled, thinking she was already sleeping.
“I forgot… Thanks little-one… you can go.” 
Beth murmured, semi-conscious, but of course Leon heard. When the extra strength provided by her little secret abandoned her, Beth collapsed. She was not sleeping yet, but could not move a muscle even if her life depended on it.
“Shit Liz, I can’t believe you did that.” Leon was angry again, but she was not listening anymore.

Beth woke up, bewildered. It took some time to notice that it was the bells in her head that were bothering her. Thera could only be joking…
She got up and sat again, too weak to stand. Checking her watch, she saw that it was already past ten in the morning. How many hours had she slept? Around eighteen hours, and she still was tired.
Lying down again, she called her secret.
“Little-one, where are you?”
“I’m here, Liz, I’m always here.”
“I really need to do another sharing right now? I’m still so tired…”
“I’m sorry, Liz. Your purifying-light is too powerful, and it drains a lot from you.”
“There’s a way to control it? Tune down its power?”
“Let me explain this to you. Everyone has two kinds of energy, the elemental and the vital. The vital energy is your life source and represents your soul’s strength, and the elemental is what connects the soul to this world. Both of them are present in every living thing and are needed to keep them that way. The Warriors differ from other people because their connection with the earth is way stronger than the usual and that not only allows them to manipulate the elemental energy but also causes some alterations in their bodies, like increased strength, agility and stamina, but their level of vital energy is the same as everyone else’s. Are you following me?”
“Yeah, yeah, go on.”
“Okay then, in order to create the mental link that connects you to the others, vital and elemental energy must be exchanged. Since you are the keeper of the link, you donate more of you than them, causing the purifying-light, which is nothing else than the releasing of a tiny part of your soul’s strength into the atmosphere. It happens that your vital energy, as your elemental one, is much stronger than usual, meaning your purifying-light is the same. I believe that, after completing the sharings, you will be able to manipulate both energies pretty much in the same way, but for now you have no control over it. So the answer is no. You can’t change who you are or your inner strength.”
“You are confusing me. What you are saying is that the purifying-light is too powerful because my vital energy is stronger than it should be?”
“As is your elemental one.”
“It makes no sense. Anyway, I gotta go now.”
“Yes, the time is over.”
“The portal is already out of control?”
“Not yet, but you will need to rest, and then your life-energy will be compromised for some time”
“Tell me, little-one, there’s a way to fool a scanning? Pretend that my vital energy is higher than it actually is?”
“I can do that, but it’s not a wise thing to do.”
“It is when I have to deal with your other part.”

She got out of bed, took a quick shower and went downstairs as fast as she could without rolling down the stairs. She was tired and hungry and not in her best mood, but the bells had already turned into sirens. Thera stop it. I’m going already! she yelled mentally, and to her surprise and relief, the siren stopped.
Without time to look for the others, she sent a signal via their link and soon was being attended by her girl friends.
“Where is Jake?” she asked without delay.
“Beth, something happened?” Chloe asked, running to her side.
“Thera happened. Find Jake and send him to the shed before she makes me crazy,” Beth grunted, irritated.
“But… You didn’t even have your breakfast… Here, eat this at least, you can do it while walking.” Amie put a piece of toast in her mouth and ran off searching for Jake.
“I’ll get something else for you to eat,” Chloe said and ran to the kitchen.
Beth came out of the house and walked toward the shed. Halfway there, Leon appeared. It would have been too much luck if I could do this without him knowing, she thought, knowing she was not being honest. She loved to have him around and still could feel him stroking her hair without noticing, distracted as he was.
“Here, I brought this for you. Eat,” he said, putting a sandwich and a bottle of O.J. in her hands. “This can’t wait even a little? You need at least to eat properly, and drink more water, and obviously rest some more.”
“Apparently Thera disagrees.” Beth smiled a thank you at him as she voraciously bit her sandwich. She was famished, and then had to struggle to swallow it. “Leon, how are the preparations? What have you planned?”
“Liz, you should not worry about it now; save your strength.”
“And die sleeping?” she laughed.
“I… We’ll never let anything happen to you. You should know that by now,” he said sternly.
“I know, I was just kidding. Come on, tell me.” She batted her eyelashes at him and smiled, passing her arm through his.
Leon sighed but smiled back. “Bruno and Toni are in charge of buying the material, but there is a problem... Looks like some crazy twins have already bought all the silver in the area to build some kind of mystic towers… At least, that’s the rumor going around.
“We, the guys, scoured part of the industrial sector yesterday while the girls stayed guarding the house. We were leaving now to search through the other part, but we are making a slow advance,” he reported while walking.
Beth swallowed the last bite of her sandwich and looked at him for a second, thinking. “Alright, tell Toni to buy cutlery, trays and the likes; they are more expensive, but we don’t have time to wait for a new load of silver. When the sharing is over, I want you all to go search for the portal. The house is safe inside the barrier; thus there’s no reason to leave someone behind. Every additional pair of eyes is valuable right now.” They reached the shed and entered. “Jeez, I wish there was a way to recover faster… I feel so useless sleeping all the time!”
“Liz, why be so strict with yourself?” Leon laughed softly. “You got up what, ten minutes ago, and already solved the silver problem we were all yanking our hairs out over, unable to find a solution. And, from what I saw yesterday, what you are doing, this sharing thing, will ensure the survival of a lot of people. I would hardly call that useless.”
“That’s… When I sleep after the sharing, I really black out… And… What if when I wake up something awful has happened? I just... I’m having a bad feeling… What if any of you…” Beth shut up, sighing.
“Hey, it’s our job to take care of you, not the other way around; remember?” Leon gazed at her fondly.
“No, Leon. It is my job to take care of you the same way you all care for me. The life of any of you is as valuable as my own, if not more, and if anyone insinuates the contrary, even Thera, I’ll go kick this-someone’s ass,” Beth said with all the conviction of her heart.
“I’m sure of it, Liz. Now, that would be interesting…” Leon said, laughing loudly.
“Which part would be interesting?” Beth asked, smiling, influenced by his wonderful laugh.
“You kicking Thera’s ass, when we cannot even deliver her a memorandum…”

This time, when Beth returned from her energy-sharing with Jake, she barely felt Leon lifting her in his arms. She only remembered him kissing her forehead and telling her to sleep well, that he would keep the others safe for her, or maybe she was just dreaming.
Chapter 23




Finally, Beth opened her eyes, feeling fully rested for once. She looked at her new clock, a gift from Bruno, and the red numbers revealed that it was almost ten at night. How strange, I didn’t even sleep that much. She got up and took a shower, got dressed and went downstairs. Famished was very little to describe how she felt, maybe starving plus ravenous could sound like something closer.
She went straight to the kitchen, heated a plate she found in the fridge, blessing dear Toni for that, and ate like a horse, grateful that there was no one around to see that shameful show.
They were probably scouring the industrial area. She looked around the kitchen and her eyes froze on the calendar hanging on the wall. It marked Thursday and not Wednesday as she had thought. No wonder she was rested, she had slept for about thirty-four hours straight.
That made her feel worried. The portal should be going out of control already, and apparently no one was at home. Beth made a hasty search through the house just to be sure. Yep, empty. Sure she could call them, but she did not want to interrupt their quest. Wanting to know if there was any news, she decided to go after Toni.
Toni’s house was somewhat similar to the guest house, with a suite and an extra room, which her father had made sure to add, just in case the couple decided to have children. When she knocked, the door slid open, which was unusual.
“Toni, Bruno?” she called from the doorway.
It was dark inside, and nobody answered. She could not hear anything. Groping along the wall, she found the switch and turned on the light. Everything seemed to be in order, all the furniture was in its place and even the floor seemed to have been cleaned recently, so why was her heartbeat accelerating?
“Toni, where are you? Bruno?” Beth called louder.
She entered and began to turn on all the lights just to be sure.  She found nothing in the kitchen or the smaller room. The door to the suite was closed, so she knocked. No one answered. Usually she would have stepped away, not wanting to disturb the couple’s privacy, but not now. Something was wrong. She knew it, her guts and her crazy-beating heart were telling her so, as was her previous bad-feeling about sleeping for too long—useless…
With shaking hands, she opened the door and entered. When she turned on the light, she saw Toni tied up and gagged, lying on the bed. Beth held her breath; the woman had a cut on her forehead and was not moving.
“Toni!” Beth screamed and ran to the bed side.
The woman still had a pulse; she was alive. Beth removed the gag and untied her wrists. She searched for the phone to call an ambulance, but it was nowhere to be found and her cell was in her own room.
“Hold on, Toni, I’ll call for help,” Beth said, preparing to run out when Toni made a slight movement with her head.
“Toni? Toni, talk to me!”
“Beth… Bruno; he took Bruno…” the woman murmured.
“Who? Toni, look at me! Who took Bruno?” It could not have been a demon; the whole property was protected.
“He... Mr. Sanders...”
“Edgar took Bruno?”
“Yes… Front of the house… Outside the barrier… Hurry… Help him.”
Toni lost consciousness again but at least she did not seem to be seriously hurt; it was more from shock. Beth left Toni there and ran out, stopping only to grab a silver knife from the kitchen table. There were other weapons around, but she didn’t pay attention to them.
Reaching the driveway, she could see Edgar. He was calmly leaning on his car, which was parked on the street just outside the barrier. A few steps back and to the right, more precisely in the middle of the street, was Bruno. He also had been gagged, and his wrists were tied behind his back. The way his head was lolling back and forth indicated that he was struggling against unconsciousness. Blood flowed down the side of his face, and his lips were swollen and cut. He had a huge bruise covering the area around his left eye. And… Two demons were holding his arms tightly, keeping him up.
The creatures were similar to the one who beat the shit out of her, the ‘furuncle-head’. They were tall and thin. And they were strong, Beth knew that from experience. She immediately sent an alert to the other Warriors through their link.
“Edgar, what are you doing?” Beth asked, stopping a couple of steps before the barrier wall.
“Just having a little fun, sweetie.” The lawyer backed off his car and walked slowly toward the demons.
“I don’t understand… what… You and the demons?” She was struggling to absorb what she was seeing. Still a little dizzy from too many hours of sleeping, her brain kept flashing the message ‘loading’ without kicking in.
“I had so much fun with those Greeses, you know? It was a shame what that kid Leon did to my pet.” Edgar went on talking quietly, ignoring her.
“You? You opened the portal?”
“But, I have to admit that I had much more fun with the Monterey’s little accident… Did you know that the plane exploded a little after crashing down? It was just a few seconds, but it was enough for my little friend to get out with Jake.” He took a large hunting knife from the inside of his sweater and was looking at it as if it was the eyes of his lover.
“Edgar, stop! Don’t you know? The portal will go out of control...”
Had he caused the death of her parents? How? Why? Shit, it was past time her brain started functioning.
“Course it will. And you, sweetie, what are you gonna do about that?” He slid the knife through Bruno’s face like a caress.
Beth didn’t know what to do. She was armed only with a knife. She was a powerful Warrior and could take care of those monsters, but she had to take Bruno away from them first, pull him inside the barrier somehow. She started drawing and circling energy desperately.
“Edgar, if you want me, that’s okay, I’ll come out. Just send Bruno here.”
The energy was crackling around her. Now, how to use it without killing Bruno too? Beth felt the anger building up inside her, blurring her vision. She needed to control it, or else it could easily cause her to make a fatal mistake. Damn brain, think! Think! If I use the wind to take Bruno...
“And where would be the fun in it, sweetie?”
Bruno had awoken and was looking at her. There was not fear in his gaze, only concern for her. Swallowing hard and without taking her eyes from Bruno, she started to gather the wind to pull him out. Then everything happened so fast it took her several seconds to understand what her eyes were seeing.
Chuckling, Edgar thrust his knife up to the hilt into Bruno’s stomach. At the same time, one of the demons broke his neck using only one hand. There was a sickening snap of bone being broken, and the stunned look on Bruno’s face, his eyes losing the warmth of life before his body collapsed limply on the asphalt.
When her brain registered what had happened, Beth’s anger exploded without restriction, releasing all the energy she had accumulated in the form of a beam of white light, straight at Edgar and the two demons. 
They kept grinning at her. For some reason, her energy did not reach them.  Then, laughing loud and proud, Edgar got into his car and, without even a glance at her, he drove away.
Recovering from her shock, Beth asked for the kids’ help and stepped out of the barrier. Her only concern was to reach Bruno. The demons lunged forward.
With a single thrust of her knife and still blind with rage, she cut through the putrid point of light on the first one. She pulled the knife back even before the thing started to hiss and turned to face the second one. As expected, he was strong. With a wild punch on her chin, he threw her backwards onto the asphalt and swung at her, trying to smash her head.
Rolling her body, she evaded him and stood up with a jump. The creature advanced as fast as lightning, and she deflected again; however, the monster managed to hit her left shoulder, causing her to stumble back a little. The thing turned with another punch prepared and Beth spun around hitting his head with a high kick, unbalancing him.
Taking advantage of that, she threw herself on top of it, knocking him down. Without wasting time, she thrust the knife into his neck destroying his vital point. The demon shrieked and began to sizzle.
At that exact moment, her brother’s truck skidded and stopped a mere five feet away from her. Beth didn’t take notice of his arrival. She crawled to where Bruno was lying, feeling his strong and friendly face with her hands. Her fingers ran through his neck, searching for a pulse of life she knew was not there anymore. His eyes were blank, staring at the sky above.
Cautiously lifting his head, as if she still could hurt him, she rested it gently in her lap. She closed his eyes with trembling fingers and stroked his thick hair, all the while murmuring nonsense words at him.
Beth was cleaning the blood from his face with her hands when she felt someone trying to pull her away, or lift her. She did not know which and did not care. She broke free from those hands and continued wiping the face of the man who had been her employee, her instructor, her friend. She wanted to cry for him, yet her eyes were dry, as usual.
Lifting her head, she stared at her friends. The girls were weeping, hugging each other. Leon was kneeling beside her; his hand paused on top of hers. Bern was standing next to the girls watching the lifeless body on the ground with grief and respect. Jake, also kneeling, was in front of her, untying Bruno’s hands. Beth’s eyes fixed on him.
“It was Edgar. He did this. He opened the portals. You have to find him Jake, make him say where the portal is.”
“Edgar, our lawyer?” Disbelief showed on Jake’s face.
“Jake, GO! He just got out of here! Bern, Amie, go with him, Edgar cannot be far away. GO NOW!”
They seemed to awake from their shock with her yells and ran back to the car. In a few seconds, they were out of sight.
“Chloe, Toni is hurt, can you help her? She’s in their house.”
“Sure, I’m going.” The little Warrior also disappeared from sight in an instant.
“Leon, help me take him inside and clean him. I don’t want Toni seeing him like this.”
“Liz, wait!” He said holding her when she tried to stand. “Your left shoulder is dislocated.”
“Can you fix it for me?”
“Of course, just let me take Bruno first, then…”
“Now Leon, please.”
“Liz, doing it this way will be painful.”
“Please.” She gazed into his eyes, showing her determination.
She was not masochistic. She just was so furious she could not think straight, and maybe the physical pain would help. Leon returned her gaze and after a few seconds agreed. 
The pain was intense but passed quickly. And it actually helped. Beth felt that her anger abated somewhat. Still, she knew something significant had happened but could not put her finger on what it was...
They took Bruno inside, washed him, changed his clothes and, when Beth thought he was presentable enough, they took him to Toni. After awhile, the others returned without finding any sign of Edgar. The man seemed to have evaporated into thin air.
They made a funeral pyre on the grass field, and each of them spoke a few words. At Toni’s request, Leon quickened the cremation process, turning the pyre into a furnace. The fire wasn’t that tall, but the heat was almost unbearable even from several yards. During the funeral, they asked Toni if she would like to return to her country or go elsewhere, but the woman was strong and stubborn and refused to leave them. It was already dawn when they returned to the house.
Beth blamed herself for Bruno’s death. After her brain had kicked in, she thought of countless ways she could have saved him. Other than using the wind, she could have used one of Chloe’s energy shields on him, or she could have physically restrained Edgar and demanded Bruno’s release. Yet she did none of those things, and she knew it was a waste of time to keep thinking about what she could have done and had not. He was gone, and she would have to live with it.
The one thing she would not allow was for Leon to continue blaming himself. He felt responsible since he had guaranteed that he would keep all of them safe. Nonetheless, it was Beth who told him that all Warriors should leave the house, so, again, it was her fault. She had left Bruno and Toni unprotected, not Leon, he was only doing what she had told him to do. And it was her duty to make sure that Edgar paid for what he did, to all of them.
Finally, Toni fell asleep, and they left her alone. 
The Warriors gathered in the dining room. It was Friday morning, fifteen days before the end of the city, and Beth was trying to remember everything that happened the night before. She still had the feeling that she was letting something valuable slip, and that was bothering her.
“I woke up, went down, there was nobody home, so I went to Toni’s. The door was ajar, but there was no evidence of a struggle. I found Toni in the suite, gagged, tied up and unconscious. No sign of struggle there either, only their phone was missing.”
“The demons couldn’t have entered, so I suppose Edgar took Toni first and used her to get Bruno without a fight; otherwise Bruno would have kicked his ass,” Jake said.
“I guess so... So Toni told me that Edgar had brought Bruno to the front of the house. I took a knife and went there. And then I… I didn’t know what to do… I…” Her voice broke, and Beth had to take deep breaths to regain her composure. Her friends tried to approach, but she waved them off, indicating she would be fine.
“I tried to talk with him, with Edgar, but all he said was that he had fun with…” She looked at Leon. “With your parents and…” Her voice broke again, and she sought her brother’s eyes. “And with our parents, and he wanted more fun.” Beth paused and sat down. Chloe and Amie immediately flanked her for support. “He said it was he who was responsible for their deaths…”
“If it was he who opened the portals, then he is the murderer of our parents. Ours and Leon’s too,” Jake said, furious.
“He knows the portal is becoming out of control, and he just doesn’t care. I offered to take Bruno’s place…”
“You did what?” Leon asked, stunned.
She gave him a weak smile. “He didn’t accept. Goddess, how I wish he had. I would have kicked his ass to the moon if Bruno hadn’t been there, but he said that it would not be fun. Then… Then he thrust his knife into Bruno, just like that… and he was laughing while doing so.” Beth grit her teeth and clenched her fists as she described the scene. “One of the demons broke his neck with one hand, and then I…” That’s when Beth remembered that important thing.
She got up with a jump, startling the others and stared at Leon.
“I burst out. I released all my energy at once, and it didn’t reach him, or the demons. He had something in his hand that sucked in everything I threw at them. He was actually waiting for it! He could have killed me while I was sleeping, but he didn’t even try… Edgar did it all on purpose! He was talking non-stop, teasing me, telling me about your parents, about my parents, and then he killed Bruno right before my eyes... He was trying to set loose my anger; he forced my burst… All he wanted was my energy… He killed Bruno for that.”
Her legs gave out and she sat down, burying her face in her hands. Leon knelt in front of her and placed his hands on her arms.
“Liz, did you see what it was or what it looked like?
“Not really, it was shining with my energy, too bright for me to see straight, and it happened so fast…” She narrowed her eyes, trying to remember anything that could help. “It was shaped like a DVD, but smaller and thicker… perhaps some sort of medallion. It seemed to be really old, and it had many strange symbols on it, but I couldn’t see enough to describe any of them… sorry, it was too fast… and I wasn’t thinking…”
“It’s okay, Liz, don’t worry about that. I doubt it would have helped even if you could draw it for us.” He stroked her hair before standing.
“Do you know of any object that could absorb the energy from a direct attack?” Bern asked Leon.
“I never heard of anything like this before. And it wasn’t any attack either; it was a blast with full force coming from Liz. That object, whatever it is, must be extremely powerful,” Leon said, scratching his forehead.
“Yeah, but what worries me more is what exactly Edgar intends to do with all that energy. So, does anyone have a clue? What use can he have for Beth’s stocked energy?” Amelie asked.
No one answered; no one had any idea of what that could mean for them, or the city.
“I’ll see if the little-one can tell us something,” Beth suggested. “In the meantime… Jake, you used to hunt with the sheriff, right? Call him and see if he can help us find Edgar.”
Beth returned from her trance a little later without anything new to report. Jake informed that they would have to fill a report at the police station and make a formal complaint against Edgar if they wanted the police to help. The lawyer had a solid reputation and the sheriff was not inclined to believe he was a criminal.
Later, Toni agreed to file a complaint of property invasion, physical aggression plus the kidnapping of Bruno, and Beth signed a statement as a witness. They could not accuse Edgar of murder since they did not have the body anymore. 
Anyway, none of them were expecting much from that. Edgar was the twins’ guardian and had every right to be inside the house, and all Toni had as evidence was a small cut on the forehead that she could have got by bumping it against a door (it was a surprise to all of them that Chloe was unable to heal it; apparently her ability didn’t work on normal people), besides, the sheriff didn’t make any secret about his disbelief of their story.
The only advantage they had, if it could be called that way, was that the school was trying to reach Edgar too, since three of his pupils had been AOL from the school the entire week, and the principal had asked the sheriff’s help to locate him.
Chapter 24




The Warriors spent the next two days scouring the entire industrial area, split into two groups of three. They searched within the buildings and abandoned factories, warehouses, vacant lots and everywhere else that could hide something like the drawing Leon had done for them.
They estimated that the portal had to have, at least, the approximate size of an ordinary door, judging by the demons they had seen so far. They found nothing.
In the evening of the second day, they almost bumped against three demons on their way home. The creatures were running through the streets as if the city belonged to them.
Well, it was six Warriors of Thera against three ‘pig-snouts’, so the fight was pretty easy for them. Apart from a few scratches, which Chloe healed in no time, they were all unharmed. 
Toni refused to take a break, so Beth asked her to resume buying all the silver she could, and to start storing food. Bern suggested that they stocked fuel for the electric generators since prevention is never enough. In the end, they agreed to stock everything they could; after all, they were expecting some kind of apocalypse to happen soon.
Both the sheriff and the mayor treated them as if they were on drugs or crazy when they tried to warn them about the crisis the city was about to face. So they also decided to convert the shed into a big dormitory, in the likely case they would have to take in refugees. None of them had any doubts that, when things started to get ugly, many would seek shelter at the only demon-free place in the city.
Of course, that added a humongous list of things they would still have to organize and stock, like camp beds, sleeping-bags, blankets, tarps, tents and so on.
A whole three days were needed to scour the mine thoroughly, with its endless tunnels and mazes. More than once they got lost inside of it, even using Chloe’s father’s maps which—as she had said—were the best but did not show recent landslides.
They were searching for the portal non-stop, often even skipping meals and, to their dismay, they did not find anything there either.
During those three days, they had two more encounters with demons, both at different locations in the city, during the night and without substantial consequences for the group or the city. There were no doubts that the demons’ numbers were rapidly increasing.
To investigate the abandoned properties around the city took them even more time, all because of the distance between them. They were mostly farms and hotels and their vast terrains required a lot of effort from the Warriors.
Sometimes, in order to save time, they went through a whole freaking hotel literally running, but it was too exhaustive to do that often. Beth and her friends searched inside the houses, barns, stables, chicken coops and even inside dry wells. No portal appeared.
When they finally finished with that section of the map, four more days had been lost, and now they were fighting daily. The demons always appeared in small groups. Those were no longer easy fights. The Warriors were often surprised during their searches, and the creatures seemed to prefer attacking when they were separated. Only Beth’s mental link with the rest of the group prevented them from coming off worse in several of those fights.
Whenever Leon asked Beth to scan her condition, she asked her ‘little-one’ to simulate an increase on her vital-energy, which was recovering much slower than she expected. She could not allow the others to leave her behind during the searches; they needed her link with the group as well as her eyes.
The truth was that, every time they fought, Beth ended up out of breath and feeling sick. Her energy was increasing slowly, so she had no choice other than to endure it; there was no time for rest. They had less than six days till the super-freaking-demons would break through the damn-portal.
When Beth was able to spare some time, she used it to try to convince the sheriff or the mayor, but she had no proof the demons were real since their bodies evaporated as soon they died, and without evidence the Warriors just continued to be labeled as crazy teenagers who refused to go to school and with parents too occupied or absent to put them in line. 
Not even Michael believed her, plus no one in town seemed to have seen anything strange apart from a growth in the number of bears invading the urban areas.
Either way, all family members of their group were awarded international travel in the most unexpected ways Beth could put her hands on. Lotteries, raffles, radio prizes, tickets tucked inside shopping bags, all were valid. Even Michael’s family was presented with promotional tickets as a result of the launch of a new travel agency (which didn’t exist), but he did not go with them because of his senior year at school. It was all Beth could do in order to keep them safe, plus with them out of the country the school couldn’t reach them to inform that their kids had decided to take an unauthorized vacation.

On Monday morning, October 26th, a trader called to arrange a delivery when they were all in the kitchen, having one of their rare breakfasts. Jake was talking to him normally then he suddenly swore and put the phone down on the table.
“What’s the matter, Jake?” Beth asked while studding the remaining areas on the map.
“It got mute,” he said, picking his cell from his pocket and making a face at it too. “No signal? You must be freak-kidding me! Someone, let me borrow your cell, please? That was an important delivery.”
Soon they found that no one’s cell was functioning either. Chloe reached the switch on the wall and tapped her fingers on it. Nothing happened. There was no light. Beth also noticed that she had not heard the soft humming coming from the fridge for some time now.
“No phone and no electricity?” Amie asked.
Everyone looked at each other and Jake reached for his notebook, which was resting on one side of the table. After a minute, he shook his head dejectedly. “No internet either.”
“Could the demons be isolating the city?” Bern asked.
“Those creatures have no intelligence to do so,” Amie snorted dryly.
“No, they don’t, but Edgar has.” Leon pointed out.
“Yes… I think it is beginning,” Beth said, standing up. “Let’s go to the police station again; maybe we still can convince the sheriff to evacuate the city.”
After warning Toni and asking her to lock every door and window and to stay inside the house, they took some weapons and went out, splitting into two cars. They had barely reached the corner of their street when Beth heard a massive explosion and saw a cloud of smoke coming from the east side of the town. She drove in that direction with Jake right behind. When they arrived at the fire scene, they gazed at it in awe.
“They exploded the gas station!” Amie cried from the back seat.
“There are two more in town, we should split up and check them out. I can’t feel any demon around here,” Leon, who was sitting beside Beth, said. 
Okay, that certainly was a good idea, only Beth did not have time to say so since the sound of two other explosions cut her off.
“Uh, I guess this means there are no more stations to check… Let’s talk to the police; they have radios, maybe they still work,” Beth said pointing to a patrol car that was coming their way.
“Hey, that’s Mack! Maverick Morris, he is the chief deputy, and I know him. Wait here, I’ll talk to him and see what I can find out,” Amie said, already jumping off the car.
“I still don’t sense any demon, do you?” Leon asked.
“Nope, but I’ll check deeper, just to be sure.”
Beth circled her energy and released a wave around the whole area; then she focused some of it on her eyes and probed their surroundings. “Nothing. If not a demon, then what caused the explosions?” she asked, still checking the area, with her eyes hidden behind her sunglasses and noticing something different on the horizon.
“Not what, but who… Edgar would be my guess. Look, Amie is coming back.”
“The radio works with the local patrols, but he was unable to contact Earth Valley or any other town to ask for more firefighters as a support. Helpfully, the explosions were far away from the woods,” Amie said, getting into the car.
“I should have guessed it… and I think I know how they managed to isolate us so completely…” Beth said. “Concentrate energy in your eyes.”
Both did as she said and followed her gaze.
“Oh my God, what the hell is that?” Amie gasped, astonished.
“Reminds you of something, Liz?” Leon asked, turning his bright green eyes to her.
“Yeah… That’s a freaking-shit barrier. But honestly this orange-brown color is making me feel sick... Look, it’s around the whole city…” Beth said, turning her head to all sides, observing the strange phenomenon. “Let’s check the edge of town, see how far this thing goes.”
Beth signaled at Jake to follow, and drove till just before the bridge, which marked the city’s limit at that side. The barrier wall was just a few yards in front of them. It was just like a dome, as if someone had put the whole town inside one of those Christmas glass balls, minus all the snow.
Beth explained to Jake, Bern and Chloe about the barrier as they stood in front of her car. They all had energized their eyes and now were staring at it.
“You think it’s possible to go through it?” Jake was studying the wall without approaching it.
“I think we will find out,” Chloe answered, pointing at an old man riding a bike, coming toward the barrier. “Better put our glasses on, guys.”
As they watched, the old man came near the orange-brown-but-invisible-to-common-people wall. When he was only a few feet from it, and they were preparing to stop him fearing the consequences, the man stopped, scratched his head and turned around returning to the city.
Bern ran and signaled him to stop. “Sorry sir, but where were you going?”
“I wasn’t going anywhere… Hum, ah, yes, I’m coming from my work and going to my house, it is nap time, you know. Why son, are you in need of something?” The old man stretched his gaze to the rest of the group.
Besides being a little confused, he appeared to be ok enough.
“No, we’re alright. It’s just that you seemed to be going in that direction.” Bern pointed to the bridge and the barrier.
“And why on earth would I go there? I have absolutely nothing to do outside the town… No, a nap seems a much better idea, don’t you think?” The old geezer winked at them and went away, whistling happily.
“So, it’s some sort of psychic barrier.” Jake gave a few steps forward. “I’ll protect my mind and try to cross it.”
“No way!” Beth held his arm firmly. “The pops never actually touched it, so we don’t know what can happen; what if you managed to get out but then were unable to get back?” She showed him a car coming toward the city from the outside world. Just like the old man, it turned around before reaching the barrier and went back the same way it had come.
“In any case, our chances of evacuating the city just dropped to zero. Do any of you feel any demonic presence?” Chloe was searching around with her eyes fully alight.
It was a rhetoric question since Chloe was far better at sensing them than any other Warrior, so if she could not detect any demon that meant there wasn’t one.
“Okay, so if this barrier works the same way as ours, we must find something on the cardinal points of it,” Leon pondered.
“Well, it’s worth it to check,” Amie said, already returning to the car.
They searched through the surroundings of all four cardinal points very carefully. They found no signs, no marks, no towers and no demons. If there was something there it was outside the barrier, completely out of their sight.
“Alright guys, let’s make a tour through the city and see what else is going on. Jake, you follow me closely; we will not lose sight of each other,” Beth said.
They drove all over town and again saw nothing, that is, nothing beyond the chaos caused by the explosions. Some people had been injured, but from what they heard, no one had died, yet. Incapable of feeling any demons or locating the sheriff—who seemed to be avoiding them at all costs—they decided to return home and resume their search for the portal.

Chapter 25




It was already the middle of the afternoon when the group returned home. They devoured some food, as a tardy lunch or an early dinner, depending of the point of view, and studied the map again. The main problem was that there were still too many places for them to look through, including buildings, abandoned constructions, mansions which were empty for the most part of the year, and so on.
After all, the city in its golden days had counted about two hundred thousand inhabitants, and now they only had about fifty thousand, and that left a lot of unused ground to cover.
The Warriors were reunited in the dining room, around the big table, tracing their next route and discussing the day events when Beth felt a tug on the energy of the barrier. It seemed to be coming from the front, near their driveway.
“Did you feel that?” Beth was already jumping to grab her weapons. “There’s a demon trying to break through the barrier.”
Her warning was unnecessary. The Warriors were already arming themselves too. 
In addition to the weapons she usually wore, i.e., her kanzashis, the mini-crossbow and the folding knife, she now carried two machetes attached at her waist and also the recurve bow her father gave her was on her back with a quiver of arrows. Basically, she was kitted out the same as everyone, with the exception of the kanzashis, since each one of the said weapons was better suited to fight against specific types of demons, and they never knew which one they would face.
Having finished preparing herself first, Beth ran to the door, opened it, and stood frozen there for a moment. There were not just one or two demons trying to break through; there was a whole horde of them outside.
She counted at least ten ‘gorilla-puppets’, which meant there were ‘puppet-makers’ somewhere around there, eight ‘furuncle-heads’, five ‘pig-snouts’ and, in the middle of them all, there was a thing that only could be a second-class demon. 
It stood nearly ten feet tall. His chest, his abdomen and his arms were made out of pure muscles—the demon was much larger than any body builder could ever dream to be. On his back, there was something reminiscent of wings judging by their form, but they were too rigid—like stony-looking-hard—so they must have been some sort of shield, which was attached to his body by two columns of muscles, thicker than Beth’s thighs. It was black and exceeded the demon’s height by about two feet and extended down almost reaching the ground.
Below the waist of the demon, Beth could only see black feathers. A huge and freaking-weird skirt of black feathers, except Beth did not think it was a skirt. It was so thick that she could not see his legs, or even confirm if he had them.
His arms were humongous but proportional, taking into account his full size, and his powerful hands ended in long lethal claws. His lower jaw was at least twice as long as the top one, and he had mighty sharp teeth. Instead of a forehead, he had a couple of horns that rose straight for about fifteen inches and then bent back over his head. His eyes were red instead of black like the others, and they were ablaze with rage.
Seeing the warzone ahead, Beth did not think twice; she ran back into the house. “Don’t leave the barrier for anything. Use your bows and bring down all third-classes first!” she shouted at the others without slowing down.
Running upstairs, Beth went to Chloe’s balcony, which faced the street. She had to hit the ‘puppet-makers’ before they could create an army of ‘gorilla-puppets’. They already had too many demons to deal with; they did not need more.
She spotted the first one up the street, on the beginning of their block, a few yards away from the others. She took her bow, put in an arrow and released it. Bull’s-eye. The second was down the street also away from the horde. Again her shot was perfect.
Assessing the situation, Beth confirmed that the hellish-things had managed to make at least fifteen more ‘gorilla-puppets’ before she finished them off, but now those were vulnerable and the other Warriors were already doing a good job dispatching them. She joined her arrows to the extermination.
Standing on the second floor balcony, Beth had a better view from the street than the rest of the group, who were scattered through the driveway below. So she could see the exact moment a couple, pushing a stroller, turned around the corner down the street, a few yards away from their barrier and the horde of demons.
Beth froze, the couple froze. She could only imagine what was going through their minds while seeing that class-B horror movie scene. The demons had not noticed them yet, and she mentally prayed at them to just turn around and backtrack, quietly and quickly… No such luck. The woman screamed, drawing the attention of two ‘furuncle-heads’.
Snapping out of her frozen state, Beth looked for Chloe below on the driveway, but, from where the little Warrior stood, she would not be able to see the couple, so Beth asked for the Chloe-kid’s help and threw a greenish energy-shield around the couple and the stroller. Then she slowly began to pull it toward the barrier.
Without knowing that there was a shield around them and that it was Beth who was making them move, guiding them to a safe place, the couple totally freaked out. They began to throw themselves against the shield’s protective walls, trying to get away from the demons that were also trying to break the shield from the outside.
It was the first time Beth successfully used another Warrior’s skill—the wind she tried to conjure did not count since she never actually used it—and she was struggling to keep the shield intact and moving, despite all the opposite efforts from both sides—the demons from the outside and the couple from the inside.
When the shield was close enough to be seen by the others, Beth shouted at Chloe—since their link was already busy with the shield—and pointed at the couple. Chloe nodded, signaling she had understood and ran to that side, forming her own shield around them, allowing Beth to release hers and finally kill the ‘furuncle-heads’ with her arrows.
Ugh, now her head was pounding with all that effort. She had no time to waste. There were still some demons on the street, but she knew her friends could easily manage them, so she began to study the big one. She was sure that they would need much more than average arrows to destroy him, well, if one can consider silver pointed arrows to be average.
It was no surprise to her that the putrid light could not be seen anywhere along that huge body. Her guts were telling her that it should be well protected under that carapace on his back. So, before doing anything else, she would have to, somehow, get rid of that thing. 
An idea began to play in her head, and Beth took a moment to contemplate it. The arrows she still had in her quiver were all made of wood and would be useless for what she had in mind, so she ran upstairs to her own room and took another quiver; this one filled with aluminum arrows.
Jake’s balcony was above Chloe’s, which would give her a better view from her new target, so she went there. After circling her energy and increasing her sight, she shot arrow after arrow into the back of the demon, completely surrounding the two columns of muscles attaching the shield-thing to his body.
Forming a sphere of energy the size of a basketball, Beth sent it toward the aberration and positioned it just above his head. Then she shouted at Leon and when his gaze met hers, she pointed at her sphere. Leon took only a second to catch up with her intention. He smiled and winked at her, lowering his bow and illuminating his eyes even more while he also formed a ball the same size as hers.
When Leon’s sphere began to approach hers, Beth sent a signal through the mental link, warning the Warriors of what was about to happen. They all stepped back to avoid the aftershock.
The two spheres collided, causing lightning, which struck directly into the demon's back. The aluminum arrows did their work, frying his flesh and muscles. 
The monster roared in pain, or anger—Beth didn’t know if those things were able to feel pain—and staggered back. His shield, or whatever that thing was, felt to the ground, still smoking. Beth recalled that, when they used this same artifice, not too long ago, the result had made several lower class demons turn to dust. But that big one, other than losing his shield, did not seem to have been injured. That sucked, but so be it. Beth would have to do it the hard way and at least that thing-shield was out of her way.
Okay, there was a new problem to face now; that son-of-hell would never willingly turn his back to the house and expose his vulnerable spot; and if he did not turn there was no way to see where the target was, let alone hit it, at least, not from inside the barrier.
Beth thought hard about that for awhile, and came to the conclusion that it was not worth sending any of the others out there since everyone kept saying she was the one the demons were after.
If the monster turned around, then the best location for a perfect shot would be from Chloe’s balcony. She went back there and mentally called for her brother, who was as good an archer as her… and—thanks to her long experience with him—the one she knew she could convince to do what she wanted.
It took her some time, and all her persuasive skills, to win Jake over. It hadn’t been easy to find a way around his instincts; as one of her guardians, Jake felt compelled to protect her at any cost. At a point, he even threatened her, saying he would call Leon there to knock some sense into her head, but in the end—as always—he agreed with her scheme.
The two of them ran over the plan again and, after giving him a quick hug, Beth left the house through the back porch. She crossed the garden and entered the woods at the side of the house, soon leaving the protection of the barrier.
Running as fast as her legs could carry her, Beth reached the street two blocks down, completely out of the demons’—and the Warriors’—sight. She crossed to the other side and ran back through the backyards of the houses until reaching the one that was just across the street from hers.
That one was not as big as the Montereys’, but it had two floors, and was vacant—go figure. Beth began circling her energy and climbed on the roof, which was much easier than she had thought.
Once at the top, she walked along the ledge, loaded her bow, concentrated all the energy she had accumulated in the silver point, and only then she searched for the putrid light on the massive body in front of her.
Spotting it, she aimed and… the demon turned around. His glare zeroed in on her instantly and Beth paralyzed under the weight of its ferocity.
The monster moved toward her, and she saw an arrow full of energy flying toward his lower back. Beth knew, without doubt, that Jake had hit bull’s-eye, but the demon just roared and kept coming at her. His skin was too hard, and the vulnerable point was too deep, so Jake’s arrow did not penetrate enough to destroy the cocoon of light. That did not matter, because now Beth could see her target through his flesh, its brightness increased by Jake’s energy.
Beth smiled at the beast and released her arrow with all the energy she had accumulated until that moment. It easily pierced the demon’s belly, and, when her energy joined with her brother’s, the point of light exploded, as did the demon.
Beth sighed, relieved. They had won their first fight against a second-class demon, totally unharmed. After regaining her breath, she made her way down the roof. Her feet had barely touched the ground when strong arms snatched her and then she was being smashed against a very strong chest, with a heart beating frantically inside of it. Her breath disappeared again and her heartbeat equaled the other one.
Then she was shoved back, and a very pissed Leon was glaring at her. Beth almost preferred to face the second class demon again.
“What the hell were you thinking, coming out here alone and unprotected?” Leon yelled.
“I was thinking that someone had to attack him from behind since the vital point was on his back!” Beth shouted back, forgetting that she had decided not to fight with him again. She had thought that he had come to congratulate her or something like that.
“And it didn’t occur to you that any of us were capable of doing it? Why did it have to be you?”
“Because I was the one he was after.”
“That’s exactly why you should have stayed inside the barrier!” Leon was pointing his finger at her face, which enraged her even more.
“No one else could have delivered a shot as powerful as mine, and you know that,” Beth countered, shoving his hand away from her.
“Maybe not alone, but two of us could have done that and, with you on the balcony, the result would have been the same without putting your life at risk!” Leon yelled again, grabbing her arms to keep her from walking away, which was exactly what she was thinking of doing.
Well, he kind of had a point there, but Beth wasn’t about to admit it. “It’s done, Leon, now deal with it.” 
They glared at each other for several seconds, and the tension between them took an unexpected turn. Leon lowered his gaze to her mouth, and Beth could swear his eyes were more green than gray. Beth stumbled back, releasing herself from his hands. Blushing, she looked away.
“Argh, you are impossible! I didn’t sign up for this, I quit.” Leon shot his hands upward, but the anger had faded. 
“Didn’t you read through those tiny little words between the lines in your Guardian-Warrior contract? They said that if you accepted the job you would have to put up with my craziness, impulsiveness, stubbornness, bitchiness, bossiness, feistiness and a lot more nesses,” Beth said with a serious face.
“Is that so?” Leon chuckled.
“Yep, but not all of them are bad, there is my awesomeness, trustworthiness, friendliness, and some others I can’t remember now.”
“You don’t remember, or that is just an excuse because your tongue tied a knot after all those big words?”
“It doesn’t matter, the fact is that you can’t quit, it’s in your contract.”
“In this case, I suggest we go back to the house. On our way we can also collect all those arrows scattered around the street, they are a pain to craft,” Leon laughed and bumped his shoulder against hers. “Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah, I’m fine, but I don’t know why you’re laughing, I’m being serious here.” Beth struggled not to laugh with him, relieved that the shouting had ended that way.

After that crazy battle, Beth and the others regrouped in the dining room and were wondering how they would continue their search. Toni interrupted, entering the room accompanied by a couple with a baby, the family from earlier.
“Beth, these are Rose and Bill Nast, and this little, cute thing is Mia, their daughter. They want thank someone for the rescue and, according to Chloe, it was you who saw and protected them.”
“I still don’t believe what happened, but it’s pretty clear that you saved our lives. I will never be able to thank you enough. My wife and daughter are all I have in this life. Thank you.” The man stepped forward and held Beth in a bear hug, making her blush.
“Don’t worry about that. I’m glad that I saw you in time, and honestly… I don’t know how to explain what happened, but rest assured that you and your family are safe here. Those things cannot pass through our barrier.” Beth gently walked away from him and approached the woman with the baby, smiling. “I would like you to consider staying here, at least for a few days… For this little one’s safety.”
“I don’t know if we should… We don’t want to impose ourselves…” The woman said, seeming to be eager to accept the invitation but too embarrassed to admit it.
 “That’s not imposing at all. We are already prepared to accommodate many people here. So, welcome. I’m Jake, by the way, and Beth is my twin sister. The short one here you already know; is Chloe. That big one over there is Bernard, by his side is Amelie, and the one in the corner is Leon, Toni you also already know. We all live here,” Jake made the honors, smiling charmingly.
“It’s a pleasure to know everyone. You said you’re prepared… Sorry to ask, but you all knew those things were out there?” Rose asked disturbed.
“Yes, we knew. And many more will appear soon. We tried to warn the authorities but… Well, if this morning we had knocked on your door and told you about them, would you have believed us, or chased us away thinking we were a bunch of crazy teenagers?” Bern asked without being rude.
“Putting things that way... Yeah, I understand what you mean,” Rose said, blushing and squeezing her daughter a little.
“Okay, we will stay. How can we help?” Bill asked, showing determination.
“Well, I guess we’ll soon have a lot more people around here since the city cannot be evacuated, and then there will be lots of work to be done. But for now, just let Toni accommodate you and show you the limits of the barrier. She can explain what is happening, or at least all we know about it. I’m sure you two have lots of questions,” Beth said, returning to her chair.
“They can stay in the house Consuelo used to occupy; it’s vacant, and they will be much more comfortable there than in the shed,” Toni offered.
“It’s up to you, Toni. But I want you two, Bill and Rose, to pay close attention to Mia. We have many weapons scattered around,” Jake said, joining Beth at the table.
After many words of gratitude, the couple accompanied Toni out of the room and into the kitchen.
“Oookay, so I say we are seriously screwed.” Amie dropped her head on the table with a thud. “How the hell we will search for the portal with things like that out there?”
“That, my friend, is the question of the year,” Leon laughed dryly.
There was a combined sigh followed by a heavy silence. The hopelessness was smashing their fighting spirits and Beth could not admit that. Following an impulse, she stood, pulling Leon to her and hugging him, tightly.
“Hey, we are Warriors, chosen by Thera herself, to protect not only this city but her whole dimension. This means that our Goddess has faith in us. We are strong. We hunt demons and eat them for breakfast in the mornings. All we have to do is kick the ass of some super-developed-horned-monsters-with-worm-faces. That’s what we do best, right?”
As she spoke softly in Leon’s ear, with the help of a physical gesture to reinforce her words, she was also sending through the link feelings like trust, security, courage and strength to the others.
“Liz is right. We are the only hope of this city. We cannot break now,” Leon said to all of them. “Thank you Liz,” he whispered in her ear, pressing his face against hers, and tightened his embrace a little more before stepping back.
Beth stumbled, breathless, when Leon let go, much more from the intensity of her feelings than from the fatigue she felt. Leon gazed at her, full of concern. She needed to get a hold of herself or someone would end up discovering her secret.
“Don’t worry, this kind of energy I can easily recover.” She shrugged, burying her feelings as deep as she could. “I suggest we take some time to strengthen the barrier and recharge ourselves, and then we’ll return here to set our route and, if necessary, kick some more asses.”
Chapter 26




The Warriors went to their own tower, and as soon as they finished what they had to do, they met again, traced a new route and left feeling much more confident.
As they had already guessed, things were not easy. They found several groups of demons along the way and, besides protecting themselves, they also had to protect countless unaware citizens that, by misfortune, were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Luckily, none of the bigger ones showed up.
All of them were tired and hungry, but they could not return before concluding the established route, or they would not have enough time to search all the remaining places. Beth was beginning to find out that locating this portal was similar to finding a needle in a haystack and was beginning to feel desperate, afraid that they would never find it in time.
When she finally arrived at home with the others, it was past five in the morning. Forgetting her hunger and unable even to take out her weapons, Beth went straight to her bed. She was asleep before her head hit the pillow.
Only four hours later, her alarm went off, waking her up. She could not waste time sleeping more. Glancing at the mirror in her room, she was startled. Jeez, I am a walking bag of trash. How could I sleep with all these sharp weapons on me? Well, I think it would have been kind of ironic if I managed to kill myself while sleeping after surviving a second-class demon... Or maybe not, she thought and went to her bathroom to take a shower.
In the hall, she ate like a famished horse. They were not taking meals in the kitchen anymore since they usually were tracing routes while eating and needed the extra space. Beth was so concentrated on her own thoughts about the portal that it took her several minutes to realize that there were a lot of people around; like not-Warriors-unknown people.
Looking closely, she recognized some of them as being the ones her group saved the previous night, plus their families. Children were running everywhere, and Beth became worried; the Warriors got used to leaving all kind of weapons scattered around to facilitate in case of emergencies. 
Searching the vicinity, she spotted Bill on the back porch. “Bill, can you do a big favor for me?”
“Anything for you Beth, you only have to ask.” He turned to her with a big smile.
“Can you help me gather all our… guests in front of that?” She pointed to her tower on the center of the grass field.
“Sure, consider it done,” he answered, already walking away and beginning to yell at the people around.
Before long, all those people were gathered on the field. Beth calculated there were about fifty, children and parents; the shed was equipped to temporarily house two hundred, so everything was alright for the time.
Right in front of the central tower there was now an improvised wooden platform. How Bill managed to build that so fast she could not even begin to guess, but there it was, so Beth climbed on it. As soon as she stood at the center of the stage-thing, Leon appeared beside her, and since it was actually a good idea, she called the others using their link. In no time all the six of them where standing on the platform facing all those people, with Toni and Bill to one side.
At first, Beth waited for the silence; it did not work. They were being ignored. If she could not make the refugees see that it was her group who was in charge, who was giving the orders—despite being teenagers and all—then they soon would have a chaotic situation on their hands, and she wouldn’t allow that. So she decided to be drastic.
Activating her flow of energy, Beth let her eyes shine intensely and signaled at her friends to do the same. She also made the wind circle around the six of them, lifting their hairs and some fallen leafs while, among the spectators, the air remained stagnant. Special effects usually worked well with the general public, so why not use them? As a part of her show, she filled her voice with power.
“I want silence!” she said quietly, being careful not to sound too threatening. She didn’t want to scare them too much. 
With her energy added to it, Beth’s voice resonated and spread through the people and silence was immediately made. Everyone was looking at the platform now, mouths agape. She was right; they needed a little demonstration of their power. Satisfied with the impact the Warriors caused, she released the energy and the appearance of the six returned to normal.
“Now it’s much better. From left to right: Amelie Callahara, Bernard Beautox, Leon Greese, Elizabeth Monterey, Jake Monterey and Chloe Morano. We are the Warriors of Thera, the deity that rules over our world, and we all live in this house. You are our guests, and we are pleased to welcome you all here. I don’t have time to explain exactly what is happening, but, as you have already witnessed, our city is facing a serious threat. Those creatures you saw on the streets are strong and difficult to kill. We six are the only ones with enough power and skill to fix this situation. We are all you have.
“I’m not saying we expect to be worshiped or anything like that; I just want y’all to understand that we know what we are doing, meaning that if we say jump, you jump without asking questions. This is not a democracy, neither you are in a holiday camp. For your own safety and ours, some rules must be followed.
“Children must remain in the green area or inside the shed. Adults who are not fulfilling any assigned task must do the same. Going beyond the tree line in any direction is strictly forbidden. You also are not allowed to transit through the main house. You are not allowed to carry any kind of weapon or participate in the battles in any way at all. Believe me; none of you would be able to handle those things.
“Anyone who wants to volunteer with tasks must speak with Bill or Toni.” Beth pointed to the two standing to one side of the platform. “What any of us says, including the two I just pointed out, must be considered an order and, like one, must be immediately obeyed.” She paused for breath.
“I want to make clear that these rules must be followed without any exception. It’s the only way we can keep you safe and fulfill our duty, which is to protect the city. No one will be forced to stay here, but you have to know that, if you choose to leave, we cannot guarantee your safety. Unfortunately, we are too busy at the moment and don’t have time to talk and answer all your questions. If you break any rule you must be aware that you will be putting at risk not only yourselves, but all of us as well, so I ask for your cooperation.
 “Just one more thing; we are expecting more people to arrive soon. I ask you to pass those rules to them as soon as they come in. That’s all, thanks for your attention.”
Beth did not understand why they were cheering and applauding her, but felt satisfied seeing they had begun to follow her rules immediately. She shyly waved back to some of them and hurried down the platform; there were things to be done.
“I think you did very well up there,” Leon whispered as soon as he caught up with her. “They needed to know there is someone in charge.”
“Thank you, I hope that works. Do you think…” Beth stopped talking midsentence. She had spotted a cloud of smoke going up to the sky.
“It’s coming from the school’s direction!” Jake said, following her gaze.
“Let’s go!” She shouted, already running.

Near BAHS, everything was crazy. Beth could not even get close to it; the streets had been blocked by some minor accidents. It was as if a lot of people tried to drive away at once and ended up colliding with each other’s cars.
There were people running up and down the street, screaming and being chased by third-class demons. Those were everywhere, but at least Beth did not see any of the bigger ones, which was… Well, not good, but not as bad as it could have been.
The school’s administration building was on fire, and that was the source of the smoke she had seen.
Without being able to approach anymore, Beth left her truck on the middle of the street and ran, trailed by her friends. Soon enough, she discovered that going against the stream of people on the walkway was not an easy chore, so she was running and jumping through the cars’ roofs and hoods instead, using her bow to kill the demons that were leaving the school grounds to hunt the viewers. Those were all ‘pig-snouts’.
With the corner of her eyes, she saw one of them jumping on a girl and turned quickly, sending an accurate arrow. She was too late; the girl’s neck had already been broken and now her body was lying on the ground being stepped on by those still trying to escape.
Beth recognized the girl. She was one of her classmates, Penny Selton… She used to be full of life, kind and funny. Shaking her head, Beth recovered from her grief; there were many other lives depending on her.
“Leon, can you control that fire? If it reaches the forest, it will burn the whole city,” Beth shouted at him, who was a few cars away.
“I’ll try!” he shouted back.
Beth saw he stop and stay still, concentrating on his energy. That way he would be an easy target… Using the link, she asked Chloe to stay back and protect him.
Further ahead, the police were trying to put some order into that mess. Some of them were shooting at the creatures that were attacking the townspeople. That was only annoying the demons and a bunch of them changed directions and ran toward the officers. Beth almost didn’t have enough time to form a shield around them before the first monster reached them.
Fortunately, with all that craziness going around, Beth discovered that by splitting her concentration, she could use her bow and maintain the shield at the same time.
Finishing off that group of monsters, she released the shield and explained briefly to the officers that their guns were useless against those creatures. One of them seemed to be familiar; maybe he did the patrol around her street. She asked him to evacuate the people from the nearby streets and lead them to her house. Without time to give any more information, Beth threw herself into the chaos again.
Finally reaching the school grounds, she saw ‘gorilla-puppets’ all around the parking lot. Ugh. That could be a problem if she did not manage to find the ‘puppet-makers’ real soon.
Jake was nearby so she sent him a warning and the two started looking in the proximity. There was a school bus parked at one corner of the lot. Beth climbed on it to see beyond the confusion, and focused energy on her eyes, enhancing her sight.
There was one ‘puppet-maker’, well hidden behind a tree, yards away from the main fight. Those scumbags were nothing more than cowards, and it enraged her. Beth killed him with gusto.
Wasting no time, she immediately began to distribute her arrows among the demons that had lost their invulnerability, noticing that this occurred only to some of them and between one arrow and another she kept seeking more ‘puppet-makers’. Soon other bunch of demons was gaining their lights, and Beth guessed that Jake had found another one. She spotted the third one on top of a tree and sent it back to hell with her last arrow. 
Beth saw many youngsters falling as innocent victims of those bastards; some she knew, some not. But, no matter how much she tried, her efforts were not sufficient to save them all. There were just too many demons to kill, and too many people to protect. Her arrows and shields did not always arrive in time.
After attaching her bow at her back again, Beth drew her machetes. From now on, the fight was going to be close combat. Clearing her mind, she went all out, cutting, piercing and breaking.
It seemed to take forever till the demons began to grow scarcer. She had lost count of how many she had killed a long time ago. Now she felt as if her arms could fall out at any moment, her knives seeming to weigh a ton each.
The chaos finally had calmed down, but still there were some people around, and Beth was hunting for stray demons that had fled the fighting. There were some screams coming from the cafeteria direction, and Beth ran toward the noise. A group of six students were trapped between the building wall and three ‘furuncle-heads’ demons.
With a quick maneuver, she jumped, putting her body in front of the teens, sending the monsters flying a few yards backward with a mini-tornado, and then told the students to take that opportunity to run away. That was not going to be an easy fight; she was tired, and those demons were fast and strong.
Beth lunged at the first who was already jumping on her. They struggled for awhile till she managed to kill him. Before she could turn around in order to face the others, the second one struck a heavy blow on her back, and she was thrown against the building wall, barely managing to lessen the impact with her shoulder.
Regaining her balance and using the wall as a support, she threw herself upon the second demon, knocking him down and, at the same time, avoiding the third’s kick, which had intended to smash her head against the bricks from the wall.
After finishing off the second ‘furuncle-head’, the last demon was an easy job, even if her shoulder had been dislocated again. She hated when those things threw her around like that, as if she was a rag doll.
Taking a deep breath and clenching her teeth, Beth purposefully hit her shoulder against the wall one more time to return it to its proper place. It hurt like a bitch, but she didn’t have time to call another Warrior and ask for help. She heard screams again. They were coming from the gym. 
Once inside, it was easy to tell what was going on. On the farther corner was a group of five girls huddled together, clinging onto one another, crying and screaming. In front of them were three guys, armed with iron bars and ready to face—or more likely be smashed by—about fifteen ‘gorilla-puppets’ that were slowly surrounding them. None of the ‘puppets’ had their vulnerable spot yet.
Beth formed a protective shield around the teenagers and sought through the gym. The ‘puppet-maker’ was hiding behind some roof beams. She did not have any more arrows, but that was not really a problem at that point.
Circling her energy again, she activated the sprinklers attached to the ceiling and formed a strong water-jet, which she sent straight at him. The ‘puppet-maker’ lost his balance and fell at her feet. Beth almost smiled while thrusting her knife deep into his thigh, destroying his light and turning the others vulnerable to her attacks.
Beth checked the shield to see if it was holding on. It was as strong as ever. Her powers were fast developing. A little while ago, just the day before to be exact, she could not make a shield and shoot arrows at the same time. Now she was able to use two different skills at the same time, and they were not even from her original element. Hers was light, and she had used water for the sprinkles and was still using earth for the shield.
“Babe, run!” The voice shouting from inside the shield yanked her out of her thoughts.
Uh-oh… Only one person called her that way. Lifting her eyes to the furthest corner, she searched among the frightened students. Yes, there he was—Michael. 
He was hitting the shield walls with his fists, trying either to break them or to draw the demons’ attention, since they were already approaching her; their interest in the group of teenagers had been forgotten with her arrival. Beth wasn’t sure if she was relieved that Michael was alright, or angry because he had been trying to face those things. Probably a little of both.
Ignoring Michael and his efforts to reach her, she supported her hands on her knees, and waited for the demons to close in, taking the opportunity to catch her breath and rest her shoulder a little. It was back to its place but still hurting… Maybe she had hit it with more strength than was necessary.
“Beth, what are you doing? You have to run; get the hell out of here!” Michael shouted again, now trying to break the protective wall with one of the iron bars.
“Shut up, Michael, and listen to me. When I remove the shield from around you, I want y’all to run out of here and not even think about looking back, do you understand?”
They all agreed, minus Michael, who was staring at her as if she had grown another head. The demons were getting close. Beth straightened her posture and began to circle the energy to regain some of her strength.
“Michael, are you going to do as I said?” she yelled at him, snapping him out of his dumbfounded state. “I can’t keep the shield and fight with all of them at the same time.” Yes, her powers had evolved a lot, but she was exhausted, and it was fifteen against one.
“I’ll do it,” he finally grumbled.
Beth did not believe him since she noticed that he had taken another iron bar and was holding one in each hand now. So, she did not take off the shield. Shit, maybe she would have even to knock him out in order to keep him out of harm’s way.
She was struggling with her options when she felt a gentle and subtle flow of energy running through her body, from feet to head. She was being scanned, and she knew that energy very well. Against her will, a smile appeared on her face.
“There is something about this scenario that seems familiar...” Leon was behind her. “What happened to your shoulder?”
“Just that old game ‘let’s-throw-Beth-against-something’ those ‘furuncle-head’ demons love to play.” She turned to him and saw that he, too, was not a hundred percent. “What about you, are you okay?” He was panting, and there was blood running down his face from a cut on his head. The side of his face below the cut was already bruising.
Beth suddenly felt furious. Her fatigue didn’t matter anymore. One of those things had dared to hurt Leon… She didn’t know when or how, there was no link between the two of them, so she had not sensed he had been in trouble, and that angered her even more. 
Beth knew all the other Warriors were okay. Chloe had suffered a small cut on her right arm, but that was done accidentally by one of the students who had gone a little hysterical, and she had already taken care of that. Bern had bumped his knee while chasing a demon, it was hurting a little but was nothing serious, Jake and Amelie had some bruises, again nothing serious. She knew all that without being around them. But Leon was different… He could have been killed, and she wouldn’t know it.
“Just a scratch, so… What are you doing around here?” His voice yanked Beth from her thoughts and she looked around, trying to focus again in the impending fight, noticing that, although Leon seemed to be joking, his eyes never left the approaching demons. Breathing deeply, Beth decided to help him lighten the mood.
“Oh, you know, just wondering if my partner would ditch me.”
“Nah, he would never do something like that. Say, milady, do you wanna dance?” Leon smiled and lit up his eyes, lifting his machetes in a fighting position.
“Sure, but only if it’s right now.” Beth also lighted her eyes and mimicked his position, finally releasing the students from the shield. Since Leon’s arrival, Michael had quieted down, so she guessed it was safe to let him go.
The fight began, and the two Warriors seemed to be performing a complex dance, full of tested steps. It was as if they had been fighting together for hundreds of years, and it provided a spectacle worth seeing.
Instead of running away, the students stayed where they were, watching while Beth and Leon ran, jumped and cut in perfect sync with each other. Before long, all fifteen demons were on the ground, fizzling and disappearing. The two sat down, back to back, supporting one another, recovering their breath.
“Ugh, I could fall asleep right now…”  Beth said after a few minutes.
“Yeah, and I’m sure you’d love it if I carried you—all cozy in my arms—all  the way to your car…” Leon chuckled. “I can do it; you just have to ask nicely.”
“In your dreams, pal.” Oh, but the idea was sooo tempting…
Someone cleared their throat, and Beth opened her eyes. She suspected it had been Michael, but could not say for sure because all the other teenagers were still there, looking at them as if waiting for someone to announce the end of the show.
Being serious now, Leon helped her to stand up. “I think we should be going, these guys seem to need some sort of escort.” He quickly glanced in Michael’s direction before turning around. “Besides, I want to check your shoulder as soon as possible.”
“I already fixed it.”
“Yeah, and almost broke it doing so. I bet it’s really hurting now that the adrenaline is draining from your system.”
“Whatever, you don’t look so good either. How are things out there?”
“Much calmer, by the time I followed you here the others were taking care of the last demons. I’m not feeling any creature around right now, but I guess we should still be cautious.”
Beth nodded and turned toward the other students. “Okay, we’ll go first, and you follow right behind. At any sign of a problem, run back here. Don’t try to fight them, understood?” They all nodded, so Beth and Leon began walking side by side. “And the fire?”
“I put it under control and left the rest to the firefighters. Don’t worry; it must be over by now.” He smiled, pushing her to the door.
Only when they came back to the parking lot, the real damage caused by that demoniac riot could be assessed. There were multiple ambulances—probably all those the city had—parked, with paramedics, medics and nurses running up and down. Several of them were pushing stretchers with people too injured to walk.
And police cars and vans, some of them being loaded with bodies already wrapped in black bags. Beth gritted her teeth with anger as she looked at that depressing scene.
“Michael, take the students to my place. It’s safe, and many others are already there. Toni will take you all in and accommodate you the best way she can.”
“You are not coming? What are you gonna do?” The old Michael was coming back already.
“I will be there soon, but right now I think I’ll kick somebody’s ass,” she replied without turning and walked away with Leon still at her side.
Her gaze was locked on one person, and she did not avert it until she was face to face with the sheriff.
“All of this could have been avoided if you had listened to us! Do you know how many died today? Do you have any idea how many friends and schoolmates I saw falling in front of me?” She was speaking through her teeth, trying not to yell at him.
“Liz calm down, losing your head now will not help things.” Leon held her back by her arms as if afraid that she would hit the officer’s face. Truly, that seemed like a good idea at the moment.
“I… How did you expect me to believe in such… Damn, I never heard of anything like this.” The sheriff was staring at the injured people being loaded into the ambulances, his eyes full of sorrow and disbelief.
“Gather all the men you can, and meet us at the Montereys’ mansion. We have some things to discuss in order to avoid things like this happening again,” she said with a sigh and walked away without waiting for an answer.

Chapter 27




Upon arriving home, the exhausted Warriors were met by an efficient team led by Bill. Within minutes, the teens had all their weapons retrieved, cleaned and checked. Their quivers had been re-filled, and anything that had been lost replaced. After that, the silent helpers placed everything on a shelf that had been attached to the wall near the entrance door, granting easy access and yet maintaining a sense of order in the place. 
While the first group took care of the weapons, another one, formed by Rose and two women Beth didn’t recognize, took care of their injuries. They didn’t try to bandage them, just cleaned them up and set them ready to work their magic.
Other than Beth’s shoulder and Leon’s head and face, the group had several other cuts and bruises, and what Chloe could not heal with her healing skills alone, the earth, added to their own energy, took care of. After doing that, the Warriors almost did not have time to take a shower before being called for lunch.
The table was full of all sorts of food, and everything seemed delicious, but the atmosphere was heavy and dark. They were all mourning those who had lost their lives that morning. The silence was almost deafening and Beth was literally forcing the food down her throat, as were the others. They needed it to restore their strength.
Someone placed a glass of juice in front of Beth. She turned to give thanks, but no word came out of her mouth. The person beside her was Penny’s mother, one of the students she failed to save.
With widened eyes, Beth tried to say something, but again her voice could not pass through the lump that formed inside her throat. That woman’s eyes were dry, but the sadness in them seemed to be so deep Beth thought it would be near impossible for a human being to live with it. Even so, the lady gave her a faint smile and a gentle tap on her shoulder.
“Do not blame yourself, kid, I was there and saw it all… At least you killed the bastard who did that.” Anger almost replaced the woman’s grief, but it was gone in an instant. “You know, my other children were also there, and it was you who saved both of them. I have to thank you for that… If it were not for you and your friends here, I would have lost everything today.”
That woman had seen her daughter die and, despite the pain she was suffering, she still was finding strength, trying to comfort Beth in her failure. There was nothing Beth could say to her to justify what happened. But Penny’s mother was not expecting any words from her. She gave another little pat on Beth’s shoulder and returned to the kitchen.
Beth looked at her plate, still half-full, and excused herself from the table. She ran all the way to her room and threw up everything she had eaten in the toilet. She washed her face and brushed her teeth. Back in her room, she began to pace like a caged animal.
She wanted to scream out her frustration, despair and hopelessness. There was a pain growing inside of her chest, and she began to recall each death she had seen that day. The weight of her responsibility suddenly seemed to be too much for her to bear. It was simply impossible to accomplish what was expected from her. She could not, they could not protect all those people and still find the portal. And their time was ending.
Even if they managed to find the portal, Beth had no idea how to close it. She wanted to hide her head under a mountain of pillows and disappear. Beth knew she was losing it and could not stop the flow of despair that had invaded her.
The door opened, and Beth thought it was one of her girl friends, so she turned, prepared to say that everything was alright. There was no reason to upset any of them even more than they already were. But it was not Chloe or Amelie who was standing in her doorway. It was Leon.
Without thinking, she threw herself into his arms, needing him to hold her tightly and to put her back on the right track, away from those useless feelings. And he did it.
Leon hugged her as hard as he could without hurting until she began to relax in his arms. He did not say anything, just stood there for her, as always. He didn’t have a link with her, but was always concerned for her and her wellbeing, even before they had become friends… That was also the source of all their fights, Beth knew that now. Every time he yelled at her was because he was worried, or because she led him to it. He was right; she was impossible.
Then, as if someone had punched her stomach, Beth remembered a name—Dana—and how much he loved the person behind that name. She also remembered the urge to protect her, the near compulsion that forced him to act that way, wanting it or not. It wasn’t right to use those feelings to her advantage. Ashamed, Beth stepped back without looking at his eyes.
“Sorry, I’m feeling better now. It’s just that...” Beth sighed and tried again. “I think we all had a difficult morning. We better go down and get back to work.”
She sidestepped him with her eyes still lowered to the floor and went toward the stairs.
“Liz…” Leon put a hand on her shoulder, trying to make her look at him.
“You are a good friend, Leon, thank you,” she said without turning and continued on her way.
After a second, he followed.
They came into the hall at the same time the sheriff was entering through the front door, being close followed by several of his men.
“What is happening here?” The sheriff was already questioning, trying to take control of the situation.
“Hi Chief, please sit down, I’ll talk to you soon. I just need to take care of something first,” Beth said, walking right by him and going to talk with Bill, who was standing near the table, supervising the townspeople who had tasks inside the house.
It was surprising how fast he had adjusted to that new role, and how easy it was for all of them to trust him. Even Toni seemed to be impressed, Beth saw that with her own eyes during her speech that morning, Toni consulting him about the tasks they could and couldn’t give to the willing refugees. That and the fact that Toni had allowed other women to help with chores, like cooking and serving, spoke volumes about Bill’s value to them. Beth watched him for a second, wondering if his sudden arrival in their lives had not been planned by Thera, as a gift to make things a little less stressful for her Warriors.
The sheriff’s voice brought Beth back from her reverie.
“I asked you a question, young lady!” The man thundered and followed her, reaching up to grab her arm, but he did not have the chance. Leon and Bern stood in front of him.
“She said to sit and wait,” Leon growled, his eyes already shining, heat emanating from his body.
The sheriff swallowed and lowered his body onto the closest chair.
“Bill, what is our situation at the moment?” Beth asked, ignoring the officer behind her. She was still angry at the sheriff.
“We have three hundred and fourteen people officially housed here. Two hundred are properly installed in the shed as planned. There is a group responsible for setting up the tents on the field to accommodate the others, and after those are ready we can easy accommodate more than four hundred. If the number of refugees doesn’t go over that very much, we can keep everything in order. There will be a shortage of blankets if more people come in, but I already arranged extras to be brought before the day ends. The food supply must hold for a few days. 
“Apart from some minor injuries, all the guests are in good health. We have four nurses and two doctors among us, their tent is already in place at the side of the shed, and they are ready to help if there is any need. Besides that, we already have ten people working at the workshop and three helping with the daily house chores. There are also those who helped you when you arrived, their tasks include the maintenance of your weapons and to assist you with anything you need. They will be staying on alert in the back porch, and all you have to do is call one of them, or me. We assembled a wide refectory on the edge of the field, in which several people are taking turns. As you can see, I have everything under control,” he reported, without even blinking.
Beth, on the other hand, blinked several times to make sure Bill wasn’t going to disappear before her eyes. Bill was definitely a gift. Thank Thera for putting him on their way and for providing them with enough money to help all those people.
“I thought that, after today, we would be overcrowded… Where are the rest of the townspeople?” Chloe asked, startling Beth. She hadn’t noticed that the Warriors were all there listening to Bill’s detailed report.
“Many have come and gone. They didn’t think that this could be safer than their own homes. I couldn’t convince them of the contrary,” Bill replied, lowering his eyes as if ashamed.
“It’s not your fault. People cannot see our barrier; therefore, they don’t believe it is there. Anyway, I think that if they stay inside their houses, they are relatively safe. You did what you could, just like all of us.” Jake said putting a hand on Bill’s shoulder.
“Yes, you did everything right, Bill, thank you very much. I’ll need your help again… Can you find some hunters or men accustomed to handling long range weapons? They need to be strong and willing to take risks. I don’t want them to fight, but I need them out there. Remember, it is entirely voluntary, we’ll not force anyone to leave the barrier,” Beth said.
“Consider it done.” As always, he did not ask any questions and hurried out to fulfill his new assignment.
Beth went to the table, which came to be known as their meeting place, followed by her friends.  There was no sign of the previous meal. Instead, their maps were back among other things like notepads and pens. 
The sheriff waited awhile and, as nobody paid attention to him, he approached slowly and claimed the clean side of the table for himself and his men. The teens ignored him.
“We will prepare our route for today?” Amie asked, hiding a yawn with her hand. “Sorry.”
Beth looked closely at each one of her friends. They were all exhausted, with deep, dark circles under their eyes.
“Not today, Warriors. You all are going to rest now. I want you to sleep for as long as you can. I’ll ask Toni or Bill to inform us if there is any emergency.”
Everyone looked at her as if she had lost her mind, and Beth sighed.
“We’ll not be of any help if we die because we are too tired to fight. We have been battling for days, and when we are not fighting we are scouring the city. We have to rebuild our strength.”
“What about you? Of all of us, it’s you who ends up being most worn out after the fights. You have not recovered from the sharings yet and still you push yourself beyond your limits. We all noticed that, Beth,” Bern said.
“I’m going to rest too, after arranging things around here.” There was a general look of disbelief thrown at her. “I promise, okay? You can go without worry. Leon, I think it’ll be better if you use the vacant suite on the third floor from now on. It belonged to my parents, but their things are no longer there. You will not be able to sleep with all that noise outside.”
“Are you sure?” he asked uncertainly and looked at Jake for reassurance.
“Sure, as my sis said, it’s empty now, and it’s just a room.” Jake shrugged then turned to their new helpers and asked them to bring Leon’s things from the guest house, not giving Leon the chance to protest.
“Well, thank you. But Liz, if you don’t go upstairs—“
“—I told you, I’ll go soon,” she cut him and dismissed her friends with a smile.
After the Warriors had left, Beth still waited for Bill to return with the volunteers, which took him only twenty minutes. There were about thirty of them. For starters, she dismissed six. They were too young, still students her own age and Michael was one of them. He refused to leave with the other students, no matter what argument she used. In the end, he won the debate and stayed. So, counting with the ten officers the sheriff brought with him, who also volunteered to help by any means they could, they had thirty-five men. The sheriff refused to offer his services, but also refused to leave the room. That was okay with Beth, who thought he was too old to do that kind of job.
“Okay, I’ll be as brief as possible since the time we have is extremely short. Those creatures that have invaded our city came through a portal. It looks something like this.” Beth showed them the drawing made by Leon, the portal he saw at his parents’ house. “We need to find and close this thing.”
“What are those beings and what do they want?” the sheriff asked. He seemed to have regained his courage as soon as Leon and Bern left the room.
“They are what we call demons, and seek only destruction,” Beth answered.
 “So we’ll just end up with them,” said someone she did not know.
“Yes, let us show those mother-fuckers what the people of Silver Blade are made of,” another volunteer roared.
“Let’s call the army!”
The men were getting agitated, wanting to fight back. Unfortunately, Beth knew all that testosterone was useless. She looked around and saw one of the officers she had saved from the demons before, the same with whom she had talked. She addressed him.
“What’s your name, officer?”
“I’m Maverick Morris, Chief Deputy at your service.”
“Well Maverick, can you tell us what happened when you tried to take down one of those creatures?”
“Sure, I unloaded my gun right on his face.” The cop was pale and sweating as he remembered, and Beth motioned for him to continue. “And… nothing happened to him. I mean, the bullet holes were there, but he never seemed to feel any of them. He didn’t even stumble or flinch.”
“But he did show some kind of reaction to your assault, didn’t he? Please, tell these gentlemen what the demon did after you shot him, several times, with your gun, in the face,” Beth insisted, making sure to pinpoint all the facts.
“He got furious and came after us with some more of them. I thought we were all going to die… Then it was as if he had hit an invisible wall and couldn’t reach us, thank God… I mean, thank you since I know now that wall was your doing. And then you came and killed them all with arrows. I don’t understand, I saw one arrow pierce a demon on the foot, and it died… I mean, I shot them in the head, and nothing happened, but one arrow on the foot killed one of them?”
“Thanks officer.” Beth had to cut his babbling or else they would stay there for a long time, besides he had provided the information she wanted. “Sheriff, can you tell us how many people managed to enter or leave town the last two days?”
The sheriff looked at her, surprised for a moment, but answered her question. “None.”
“And how many calls were made to or from outside town by any means?”
“None. We are totally isolated here,” the sheriff answered again, wiping away the sweat from his forehead with the back of his hand.
“Thank you. Now you’ll all listen to me. I’ll not explain everything or answer your million questions because we don’t have time to waste on discussions. We cannot ask for help, and your weapons are useless against the demons. The weakest of them is at least four times stronger than any of you. So the fights will be taken care of by my group exclusively.”
“And what if we use the same weapons as you? Then we could fight too, right?” Michael asked, not wanting to let it go.
“No. That would never work. The demons don’t have any vital point that you can simply hit. Even using our weapons, if you are not able to identify the exact spot that eliminates the flow of power in their bodies—and believe me, none of you are—then they will just keep fighting, even if you manage to cut off their heads or slice them into pieces.”
“Then why did you call us here?” someone else asked.
“What we need you to do is help us find the portal so we can stop this threat. The portal is somewhere inside the city. If we join forces in the search, then maybe we still can find it in time to prevent something much worse.”
“What can be worse than what we saw today?” the sheriff asked.
“What y’all saw today was a bunch of third-class demons strolling around town and having some fun. None of you had seen the big ones, the second-class, and certainly cannot even begin to imagine how awful it can be if a bunch of those decides to appear. We have only till Saturday noon to shut the damn portal, and we, the Warriors, are all that stands between your asses and those monsters. So I strongly recommend you to shut up and start listening, and if you want to survive, y’all will do exactly as Liz says it has to be done.” Leon said, appearing in the room and coming to stand beside her.
“I thought you were sleeping,” Beth whispered to him.
“Nah, I couldn’t let you face them alone. When you go to rest I will too.” He put a hand over her shoulder. “Anyway, it seems that now they are ready for you.” He glanced at the now completely silent group of men.
After a long discussion and many consults of the city map, Beth and Leon managed to organize five teams of four citizens plus a police officer with a radio to search for the portal. 
Other than that, the two of them also arranged five pairs, one civilian and one cop, to circulate through the city and watch over the demonic activity. Their job was to report back if any demons were seen and, in case of a sighting, they would look for shelter and stay away from the creatures till the Warriors finished them off.
“It’s necessary to say that I do not believe the portal is unprotected. In fact, it is quite possible that it is being guarded by second-class demons. Don’t worry; you’ll recognize them right away. If that happens, if any of you see one of these monsters, you have to report back immediately and run in the opposite direction as fast as you can. Understood?” Beth asked, finally putting an end to the meeting.
They all nodded in agreement and began to leave.
“I have only one more question,” the sheriff said tentatively, and Beth looked at him, waiting. “Why is it so important that we find this portal before Saturday noon?”
“Because if the portal happens to be open by then, some demons with unimaginable power will be able to come through it. In other words, it will be the end of Silver Blade. And everyone here, including us, will be dead,” Leon said quietly, sending chills over Beth’s spine.
Chapter 28




With so many people searching for the portal, Beth finally dared to have some hope and relaxed a little. She slept like a baby for almost ten hours straight, confident that Toni would warn her if anything happened.
The next day, Wednesday, more volunteers showed up. Now there were seven groups on the search and eight duos watching the city from strategic points, mostly on the roofs of the tallest buildings. Whenever the demons showed up, the Warriors were immediately notified and were able to take care of them before they had the opportunity to do much damage. However, those occurrences were quite constant and, if not for the townspeople’s support, the Warriors would have no time at all to continue searching for the portal.
No one saw the second-class demons, and Beth was not sure if that was a good or a bad thing. Her intuition was telling her that when they found the big monsters they would have found the portal too. Unfortunately, she did not know exactly what it would mean to them since she still did not have a clue about how to close the damn thing.
On Thursday morning, a group of volunteers called for help. They had sighted a bunch of third-class demons on a square in the west side of town and were being chased by them. The Warriors had barely arrived from two consecutive fights, and were hoping for some time to at least take a shower and eat something… No such luck.
Because of the lack of a mental link with Leon, Beth had to run upstairs to call him back. Upon reaching the third floor hallway, she noticed the door to his suite was slightly open and approached. She was not trying to spy on him; it’s only that now that their hunter skills had awoken, their moves were naturally silent and, without a link, neither one of them could tell when the other was around. So Leon did not notice she was standing in his doorway.
Beth peered through the crack, to see if he was there or if he was already inside his bathroom, and saw him sitting on the edge of his bed, admiring a picture he had in his hands. It was one of those people usually carry inside their wallets. What stopped her from calling him and revealing her presence was the light she saw in his eyes while he was gazing at it.
It was not a green glow, like when they lighted their eyes. No, the light in his eyes was something different, something that only showed up when the person with it was in love. And she saw so much love, so much tenderness and longing contained in his eyes that Beth felt as if her heart stopped beating at that moment. That must be Dana… Ouch, if he looked at me like that just once, I think I would be able to face Zerahdim himself. Beth thought, feeling her heart breaking again.
Beth turned around quietly, went back to the stairs and called for him from there. Without waiting to know if he had heard her, she ran downstairs and joined the others gathering the weapons. In seconds, Leon appeared and, to her relief, there was nothing different in his expression, it was totally blank again.
The Warriors took less than ten minutes to arrive at the square where the demons had been sighted, and it was already empty. Following the signs of destruction down the street, they found the demons about five blocks away, surrounding a building where the search team had taken refuge.
Three of their men were on the roof and Beth recognized them as being from Michael’s team. There were five demons around, trying to climb the wall in order to reach them. Yeah, those things indeed were dumb. Jake and Bern quickly took on the creatures and the men used the fire escape to get down. They informed the Warriors that Michael and Maverick were still somewhere inside the building with a bunch of demons on their track.
Fear for them crushed her heart and Beth ran inside without waiting for the others. She had allowed Michael join the volunteer group. If something happened to him because of that decision it would be her fault, and she would never forgive herself.
Inside, the narrow hallways didn’t allow the use of the bow or the machetes, so she drew her kanzashis and held them firmly on her hands while advancing. To make things worse, most of the demons there were those ‘furuncle-heads’, and they were skilled fighters, not mentioning their acquired habit for throwing her around. Without much room to fight, she was gaining ground very slowly.
When she finally spotted Michael on the fifth floor, he was being thrown through the glass wall of one of the offices there. She should have known. Beth ran and jumped, putting her body between Michael and the monster that attacked him.
Worried and needing to know if Michael was alright, Beth averted her eyes from the creature for a second, letting her guard down. She was rewarded with a phenomenal kick in her stomach, which threw her against the door. Ouch, yes, that was unquestionably their favorite tactic…
Half out of breath, she saw the demon moving toward Michel again. Casting a shield around him, she jumped on the monster’s back. Beth was enraged and not in a mood for a long fight, so she just shoved her kanzashi into the demon’s forehead and turned off his light permanently.
With the demon still fizzling on the floor, Beth reached Michael and, with relief, saw he was already putting himself into a sitting position. He had some cuts and his arm was clearly broken, but otherwise he seemed to be fine.
“Babe, are you alright? I saw when that thing threw you; I thought you were dead.” He hugged her with his good arm and buried his face in her hair.
“Everything is okay now, I’m fine… I guess I’m becoming used to this by now. And you, did you hurt something else besides your arm?” She was holding him tightly. Better than anyone else, she knew how facing those beasts could be traumatic.
“No, I don’t think so. Oh, Beth, you shouldn’t have come after me… If that demon had done something to you, I would never forgive myself… I love you so much…”
His whole body was shaking, and he was not letting her go. Beth could not say that her feelings for him were the same, so she just stood there comforting him and waiting for him to calm down.
“We found Maverick, he’s fine. There’s no demon left. Do you need help to get him out of here?”
Leon’s voice startled her. Beth hadn’t noticed him standing in the doorway. How long had he been there? She was not doing anything wrong; nevertheless she was blushing. It was stupid, but she didn’t want Leon to see her and Michael hugging and seeming intimate. On the other hand, Leon was with Dana. Besides, she could feel Michael’s body tensing up at the sound of Leon’s voice, and thought that it would not be beneficial for her ex-boyfriend’s self-esteem if her friends saw him crying like that.
“No, that’s okay. Go ahead, we will follow soon.”
Something passed through Leon’s eyes, but she could not determine what it was since he quickly turned his head to the hallway.
“Right, but don’t take too long, the others will come after you if you do. We have to protect you, and it’s not safe to leave you two alone here.” He was gone as soon as his last word left his mouth.
Yeah, she had not forgotten that the other Warriors, including him, had that urge to protect and connect with her. Sometimes, she wondered if his friendship was solely based on that. Beth couldn’t help but think that once the threat was gone, Leon would be free of that compulsion. What would she do if his friendship vanished with the portal?
Michael didn’t take long to recover and then they left the building. Once outside, Beth pulled away from him and joined her friends. Leon did not seem to notice or care. Chloe began to heal her bruises right away while Amie gave her a lecture about entering places full of demons alone.
That afternoon, they had only two more calls, so when the night came, and their daily meeting began, they were feeling more frustrated than tired. Even with so many people involved in the search, there was still no sign of the portal. 
“We have covered all the sectors you indicated on the map, it may not be inside the city. The forest sure is the most likely place to hide something like that,” the sheriff said.
“No, Beth said it is in town, so we must have missed something.” Jake was leaning over the map, studying it carefully.
“Let’s go over it again, step by step.” Bern joined them.
While everyone gathered around the table and the map and reviewed all their routes, Beth was sitting at the edge of it, just watching and thinking.
She must have missed some intuition, or maybe did not pay attention to the right thing… She must have let something pass by without noticing, but what? No matter how much she thought, she could not put her finger on whatever she could have done wrong. The feeling that told her the portal was not within the forest was still there, strong and clear. It was somewhere near people, unnoticed. But, for the Goddess, where? In what mysterious place could that thing be hidden? 
After hours arguing with each other, the Warriors and the sheriff marked several places to be revisited, and now they were arguing about what order they would do it in. Beth did not join the discussion; instead, she left the decision to them and went to her bed. It was already the beginning of Friday and soon it would be dawn… It would be their last day if she could not find a solution during her sleep. Maybe luck would decide to look her way, and she would have some sort of revealing dream or something. Beth could only hope now.

In the morning, Beth was drinking coffee and still thinking when the others came down. She didn’t manage to sleep much, and no dream came to her. The situation could not be worse. There was one more detail bugging her… They had not received any call since the previous afternoon and, although the others seemed to be relieved by it, she did not think that meant a good thing at all.
Where were all the demons and why had they suddenly stopped vandalizing the city? Her inner self knew the answer. The time was getting close, so they were all guarding the portal, waiting for their leader to arrive.
Well, she was not so sure about the first-class demon being their leader, but those things had to have a master, right? They did not have the intelligence required to bring down a whole dimension. Even that big one, the second-class demon she and Jake killed… its IQ did not seem to be higher than of an amoeba. And Edgar sure was helping them, but he evidently was not their leader.
So, back to the main question: Where could that damn portal be? Shit! That’s obvious! Beth thought, jumping from her chair and going to study the map.
Going through the papers scattered over the table, she found the list with the names and routes of both the search teams and the patrol duos, and began to work in the map.
Oh, thank Goddess for her intuition, now they could still have a chance. Standing up, she frantically began to call for Leon and the sheriff while mentally she was calling for the other Warriors. When everyone was assembled there, she had to calm down and explain slowly what was going through her mind since they did not understand her the two previous times she had tried.
“Okay, so I was thinking about how since we were called by that group in the east side, no one else has seen any demon.”
“You think they just went away?” the sheriff asked hopefully, ignoring all she had already said.
“Course not. They are all protecting the portal. I already told you so. They are guarding it to prevent it from being shut before the arrival of their master.”
“Okay, Liz, we understood that. But if nobody has seen them, where do you think they may be?” Leon asked, brightening his eyes to the sheriff as a warning not to interrupt her again.
“That’s exactly what I’m trying to tell you. I have marked all the places where the patrols and searches went through since the last demon was seen. Here, take a look at the map.”
“This eliminates almost the entire city, except for this area in the periphery.” Leon was following her logic. 
“But this area was demarcated as having a large number of people coming and going. It’s the Hunters Club, and it’s being renovated throughout. That means there were a considerable number of workers spending day and night there,” one of the officers said patiently, flinching when Leon looked at him.
“That’s true. We passed through there a few times last week. The whole place seemed pretty busy at the time,” Chloe agreed. “If the portal was there one of the workers would have seen it by now, or at least someone would have noticed the demons coming out of it.”
“Hum, not if it is inside of the animals’ barn... All the workers were told that a disease had killed the horses there and the place was being treated with strong chemicals. They said it wasn’t safe to get close to it, and it is close enough to the forest that no one would have seen the demons if they used that to get away from the portal. I know this all because I was one of the workers there,” one of the volunteers said.
“And who was the one who gave that order?” Bern asked.
“The vice-president of the club, someone called Mr. Sanders,” the man replied.
The Warriors exchanged a look between them and, without a word, began to prepare for a big battle. They had finally found the portal.
Chapter 29




The Warriors decided to take everything they could since that would be the last battle. Beth had no idea what they would find there, so she wanted to be prepared for a long fight and not an easy one either. Bill, Toni, the sheriff, Maverick and some others, including Michael and his broken arm, decided to follow and help them in any possible way, from a safe distance.
It was already past noon when they finally entered the grounds of the Hunters Club, and according to the burly guy who worked there, the barn they were looking for was located at the very end of it. They left the cars and the support team about a mile behind and went for a quick scout of the area in order to have a better idea what they were going to face.
Hiding behind the trees in the edge of the forest and moving as silently as predators, the Warriors got close enough to the animals’ barn to see what was happening. The barn actually looked a lot like the shed they had at home, but this one was all made of dark wood and only the roof was of zinc. It did not have any windows, just a large double door. It was not as large as theirs either, but there was no way to tell what was inside it.
Oh, yes, there was one more difference between both. While theirs was totally demon-free, this one was totally surrounded by them.
Beth was expecting a considerable number of monsters, but what she was seeing was an army. There were several hundred demons all around the barn.
Closing her mouth, she began to analyze the situation coldly. Away from the army’s main body and half hidden in the shadows and forest border there were the ‘puppet-makers’ and the ones with oversized heads, the psychics. The latter type seemed to be relatively rare; nevertheless, they could cause the Warriors a vast amount of trouble. So those two groups would have to be quickly eliminated.
The army itself was formed by the fighters, i.e., ‘gorilla-puppets’, ‘furuncle-heads’, and ‘pig-snouts’.
Well in the center of all of that, and right in front of the barn’s double doors, were four second-class demons. They were easy to see since they were so much bigger than the others. Just looking at them caused chills to run all over her body. One of them even had wings; like freaking-real-bat-wings! That damn thing could fly, and the Warriors would be screwed if that happened.
Beth gave the signal and the Warriors quietly returned to their rendezvous point near the cars.
“Ohmygodohmygodohmygod… What are we gonna do? There are millions of demons out there! We are damned!” Amelie freaked out as soon as they reunited.
“Things are much worse than I could have imagined,” Chloe said, without hiding her fear. “How do we get past them?”
“Get past them? Are you crazy? Didn’t you see those things in the middle of it? There’s NO PAST THEM! We are dead!” Amelie shot her arms into the air, doing an excellent job mimicking a Drama Queen. Then, as quickly as she had freaked, she calmed down. “Alright, I needed to get that out of my system. So, what’s the plan?”
“Yeah, what are we gonna do?” Chloe echoed, rolling her eyes at Amelie but still trembling with fear.
“We will do what we have to do, like we always did. We fight and take care of each other.” Jake hugged and kissed his girlfriend.
“And while doing it, we also protect the city and the townspeople.” Bern held Amie’s hands in his.
“We just have to kick a few extra assess.” Leon stole Beth’s favorite words and put his arms around the guys’ shoulders.
“And we use our heads in the process. Those demons can be strong and numerous, but we know how stupid they are, even the big ones.” Beth closed the circle putting one arm around each girl. “With our brains we can finish them off before dinner. Because we are…”
“The Warriors of Thera, chosen by her to protect our city and our dimension. We are strong, and we eat demons for breakfast,” the others responded in unison.
“I was going to say that we are awesome, but that works too.” Beth grinned at them.

Half an hour later, Beth was taking her position at the top of a tree, moving with agility and as silently as a cat. She leaned against a branch and, with her enhanced vision, examined her targets.
There were fifteen ‘puppet-makers’ and seven psychics on that side of the barn, and she would have to kill them quickly. Thanks to her archery skills, she was more than used to shooting arrows in fast sequence, and precisely because of that she was responsible for that area. The others would have to deal with fewer targets.
Beth had also been accumulating energy since before climbing the tree, and when her sphere reached the size of a small car, she carefully placed it above the center of the army, right over the heads of the second-class demons. Only then she loaded her bow but did not release the arrow, yet. She was waiting for the right moment. 
Before long, she saw other sphere—of the same size—approaching hers. It was Leon’s energy. They had never tried something that ambitious before, but since ‘desperate times called for desperate measures’… She checked her balance and got ready to start shooting.
When the spheres touched each other, there was a monumental electrical explosion. With a smile, Beth saw that at least one third of the army had fallen, turned to ashes. Immediately, she began to shoot. Within seconds all her targets were on the ground. They didn’t have time to create even one more puppet or cast any psychic mojo.
After eliminating those ones, Beth stood perfectly still, waiting to see the reaction of the other demons. The creatures moved away from each other a bit, spreading over the ground around the barn, but none of them went too far; just enough to avoid more massive damage to their numbers in case of a similar attack. Too bad, they could have stood together and facilitated things.
Now the big monsters… those didn’t even budge. They remained in the center, and Beth noticed that the one with the bat-wings had used them to protect itself and the other three. Beth had hoped to fry his wings with that attack.
Well, she would have to deal with those biggies later if they agreed to stay put till then. After realizing the monsters were not going to attack yet, she began to unload her quivers on the lesser demons. Beth was not fooled. She knew well enough that the third-class demons were there only to add numbers and to delay them. The real threats were the second-class. So, while eliminating the smallish one by one, she was trying to study the biggies.
What all four had in common was their size—over ten feet tall—and their super-developed muscles. They were massive, and she did not doubt that any of them could easily crush her with their bare hands. The similarities ended there. Then she began to examine them one at a time.
The first had a reddish color and a sort of armor or shell, one shade darker than the rest of his skin. It covered his chest and shoulders, climbed along his neck and extended over his eyes. Like all the other demons she had seen so far, he was naked except for a loincloth. His muscular legs did not have any additional defenses. His head was bald and shiny as if covered with some kind of metal. What could be seen from his face seemed pretty normal, almost human. Beth nicknamed him ‘Metal-man’.
The second looked like something out of a Sci-Fi movie. It could be said that at least his arms and chest looked normal, like super-developed normal, but still somewhat mundane. Starting just below his waist, he had what looked like a bone abnormality that grew out from his body and formed some sort of an elaborate armor, or shield, or whatever. It was a complicated braid of bones that downed till halfway his thighs and then reappeared covering the bottom of his legs.
From his shoulders two thick bones stuck out, protruding over his back and branching out to form a shield. In his whole head, Beth could not specify what was made of bone and what was leather. It was a mess. His teeth were all on display till the last one in the back of his mouth, which was huge, and apparently none of them were the same size. That gave him an aspect beyond disturbing.
Instead of hair, he had several horns curved back up to his nape, in a grotesque imitation of a hairstyle. She named it ‘Abomination’.
The third was an animal, literally. He had brown hair covering his whole body. His legs resembled those of an extremely muscular goat. His hands had only three fingers, which ended in claws. There was a huge hump coming out of his back and shoulders, and the way it was projected upward forced his head down so that it was positioned at the same height as his chest.
His face made Beth remember the legendary ‘Bigfoot’ somehow. Not that she had seen one, but it was similar to what she had imagined it to be when she heard the old stories—a beast with flaming eyes and four canine teeth projecting from his jaws.  There were two large mountain goat horns coming out of his head. She decided to stick with that name, ‘Bigfoot’.
The fourth was the one that worried Beth the most. The ‘Winged’ as she named it. Not that he seemed to be the strongest. Other than a crude leather armor he was wearing, he did not seem to have any significant defenses. On the contrary, he looked like almost human. Except for his face; one half was skull-like, the other half covered with an iron plate. Oh, and she could not forget those big bat wings, of course. He had long, blue hair to below his shoulders. His body was not as muscular and heavy as the others but he seemed more agile.
He did not look nearly as powerful as the other three, but what scared Beth to her bones was that he seemed much more intelligent than the others. Although he was still motionless on the same spot, she could see his red eyes scanning the surrounding area. He also was the only one carrying a weapon; a very long and very lethal sword.
Beth was still evaluating him when their eyes met. An intense chill ran through her body as the creature moved his head, very slightly, as if greeting her, and Beth could have sworn he was smiling at her too; a subtle smile, full of cruelty.
Her blood froze inside her veins even though the monster had not moved any other muscle in his whole body. She was paralyzed for a minute while he stared at her. Finally, managing to look away, she climbed down the tree with her legs still trembling with fear.
Back to the cars, Beth was waiting while her three quivers were being refilled by the support team when the others joined her.
“This seems way too easy,” Jake commented, suspicious, dropping his empty quivers into Toni’s hands.
“They are just stalling for time.” Amie sat beside Beth and accepted a bottle of water someone offered her.
“But why have none of them tried to attack us?” Chloe asked, insecure, holding onto Jake’s arm.
“Their role is to protect the portal, and they are too stupid to do anything beside it,” Bernard said, sitting beside Amie.
“Humpf, better for us. They are dropping like flies.” Jake took his refilled quivers from Bill.
“I don’t think things will stay like this… Liz, what do you think?” Leon was attentively studying her face.
She did not respond immediately, but, when she did, she spoke slowly and thoughtfully.
“They are just testing and analyzing us, the big ones, not the third-class. At least the one with the wings on his back…He wants to see what we can do and the extent of our powers. I’m just supposing, but my guess is that he isn’t as brainless as the others, and I think he is the one in charge here.”
“Well, if that is the case, we’ve given them a great demonstration of our strength right away.” Bern seemed unsure.
“He already knew about that attack and was waiting for it,” Beth said.
“But how did he know?” Jake pondered, not waiting for an answer. “Maybe those big ones have a mental link like us, or perhaps he had one of the smallish demons spying on us when the other attacked our house.”
“I think this doesn’t matter now, what we have to do is keep all our power to use on the second-class.” Beth nodded, thanking Toni for her quivers and water before turning again to her friends. “We will continue to eliminate the little ones with arrows. When he realizes we are not going to give him another demonstration he will send the army after us, and we must be prepared. We will not be able to use the same attack twice, well, not on the biggies anyway.”
“We have to study them too, try to discover their weaknesses. Those second-class demons seem to have their vital points well protected,” Leon said.
“Exactly, and do not lose that ‘Winged’ from sight. He gives me the creeps… He looks vicious and almost human. And do not leave the cover of the trees; they are our only protection over there,” Beth said. “From now on, Leon will stay with me since we don’t share a link yet. I will keep in contact with the rest of you through our minds and give instructions when necessary. Please, everyone stay safe. It’s just beginning to get dark, and we still have plenty of time. There is no need to be reckless.”
Chapter 30




This time, they stood in a straight line separated from each other only by a few yards. In the northernmost tip was Bernard, a few trees below was Amie then Chloe, Jake and last Beth and Leon. All were over fifty feet from the ground. That way they would be relatively safe and still could keep an eye on each other.
Beth and Leon reached the point designated to them and were immediately greeted by a penetrating glare from the ‘Winged’. Leon tried to stand in front of Beth, instinctively protecting her.
“No! Do not show him anything, least of all concern or protectiveness,” Beth whispered to him, indicating that he had to stay firm by her side.
“I don’t like the way he is staring at you. How did he know we would be here?” Leon whispered back, gritting his teeth.
“I think he’s one of my fans,” Beth tried to joke in an attempt to hide the fear the creature caused within her. “Let’s begin, but don’t lose him from your sight.”
“You can bet that I’ll not take my eyes away from him.” Leon was still worried. “It doesn’t seem to have many more demons now than when we left last… I would like to burn down that barn so we could see the portal to have an idea of how fast they can pass through it.”
“It would be good, but let’s wait a little more. I don’t want to use your skills yet. Besides, they don’t seem to be able to pass nearly as fast as we can kill them.”
They focused then on killing the lesser demons. There were still too many of them, and they apparently would spend a lot of time doing that. Beth kept chewing over the big ones, trying to develop some ideas that could help with their demise.
It was the middle of the night when they began to run out of arrows for the third time. There were more demons than they thought at first and, in order to save time, each Warrior was carrying four quivers on their backs.
“I think we should make one last trip to the cars and get more arrows. They will not wait long to attack us now,” Leon said.
“Okay, let’s make this quick so they cannot regroup,” Beth agreed.
Before climbing down though, something, a slight movement seen with the corner of the eyes, caught Beth’s attention.
“Wait… Did you see that?”
“No. What?” Leon turned around and followed her gaze.
“It was pretty fast, but the ‘Bigfoot’ moved, I think I saw his light.”
“He moved?” Leon watched him closely. “Yeah, you are right. He seems to be a little more to the left now, and his knees are a bit bent over. He will do something. Get ready to jump to the tree behind us. Warn the others.”
Beth barely had time to send the signal and several things seemed to happen at the same time.
The ‘Winged’ took flight and landed on the roof of the barn. The ‘Bigfoot’ advanced against the trees at an incredible speed. Half of the third-class demons bellowed and advanced too while the other half of them gathered in front of the barn doors. The remaining two second-class demons split up and ran into the forest on opposite sides. That all happened in the blink of an eye.
The Warriors managed to jump back just in time to avoid the Bigfoot’s attack, which took down the entire first row of trees. Concerned with their flanks, as to where the other two would probably strike, Beth ordered the Warriors to get closer and to jump one more row back into the forest.
Amelie ended up at the same tree as Bernard. Two yards to the south were Jake and Chloe and, two yards farther, were Beth and Leon.
That ‘son-of-a-she-goat’, aka the ‘Bigfoot’, with his big horns, could easily take down that whole section of the forest and leave them without shelter. So, when he attacked again, aiming at the following trees, Beth sent a mental signal at Amie, who nodded and conjured a massive cyclone upon him.
The beast was thrown backward with the wind power and his vital point shone on his momentarily exposed throat. Acting in a flash, Jake shot an arrow with concentrated energy at the same time that Beth did it too. Their mental link was undoubtedly an advantage to them. The two arrows joined in mid air and together hit the point of light, destroying the second-class demon. There were only three remaining.
After that, the Warriors were in constant motion through the treetops, avoiding the lesser demons that were trying to reach them. They hadn’t many arrows left and those needed to be used with caution. Eventually, the duos had to split, but they tried to stay as close as possible.
Seeing the ‘Abomination’ a few yards behind the tree in which Bernard was hiding, Beth sent a mental image to Chloe. The little Warrior’s eyes shone even more with her concentration, and soon a green shield appeared around the demon. This one compressed and split into several green hoops that successfully paralyzed the creature.
That was not enough for what Beth had in mind, so she let the others take care of the surrounding area and joined Chloe at her tree. Holding her friend’s hands, Beth added her own power to the hoops. They sparkled, becoming stronger, and began to crumble the demon’s bones. Gradually his peculiar armor began to give in to the extreme pressure and cracked in several places. Unbalanced, the demon fell to the ground.
There were too many creatures climbing up their tree. Amie was sweeping them down with her wind while Leon was shooting them with fire, but as soon as one had fallen down, another took its place. Jake and Bernard were already on top of the ‘Abomination’ helping to destroy his bone protection, with powerful blows from their machetes, taking advantage of his immobility.
Beth dropped Chloe’s hands, knowing that her friend was capable of keeping the demon paralyzed, and took the last of her quivers that still was half full. She jumped to another tree and began to reduce the concentration of lesser demons that were approaching Bern and Jake on the ground. She was shooting one arrow after another, but the demons continued to appear.
Still keeping an eye on the precincts while shooting, Beth spotted the ‘Metal-man’ quietly approaching Jake and Bern, who were too concentrated on their task of breaking the Abomination’s shell to notice him. She warned them, and they immediately abandoned their prey and returned to the trees, just in time to avoid the onslaught of the second-class demon. 
Seeing that Chloe was getting worn out, she shouted for Leon while telling the others to withdraw. In a second, Leon was by her side and together they went to meet Chloe. Once again, the two girls joined forces to make one last desperate squeeze with the hoops. The effort was valid, and the bone carapace of the ‘Abomination’ broke off altogether. His putrid light was in the head, where before was that awful imitation hair. 
Unfortunately, with that, Chloe’s energies ran out, forcing them to retreat too. The demons chased the three of them for a while but did not go too far. Soon the creatures returned to the forest edge, giving them a chance to catch their breath. Leon carried Chloe, who was too weak to keep pace with them, while Beth walked behind them, searching for any indication that they were being followed.
Arriving at their rendezvous point, Beth ordered everyone to breathe with the earth to regain their energies. The sun was coming up, coloring the horizon. That always had been Beth’s favorite hour of the day, but that Saturday, the show had to develop without her appreciation.
The support team was already taking care of their weapons and preparing something quick to eat. The Warriors were exhausted, which was no surprise considering they had been battling nonstop since the previous afternoon. Nevertheless the rest had to be short, just a few minutes to catch their breath. They had only a few hours until noon, and they would have to race against time if they wanted to reach the portal before that. After a brief conference, they entered the woods again.
Beth and her friends had barely reached the edge of the trees near the barn and were already being attacked by two furious second-class demons, closely followed by the remaining of the third-class.
With a glance, Beth made sure the ‘Winged’ was still on the roof of the barn, and then she had to move quickly to another tree to avoid being knocked to the ground by the ‘Abomination’ as he tore apart the previous one with a herculean blow. 
Her stomach twitched with nausea when she saw the monster up close. Where once had been that strange shell made of bones, now there was only a jumble of exposed muscles, with lots of black and sticky blood leaking out of them, covering a substantial part of his body. He was emitting an aura of pure hatred, and his point of light was shining at the very top of his head.
While Beth jumped from tree to tree, attracting the bloody creature to their trap, Leon and Bern were taking turns heating and freezing the armor of the ‘Metal-man’, which was also attacking wildly, knocking down several trees in the process. Occasionally an arrow full of energy was shot by Amelie or Chloe, testing to see if his armor had lost its incredible endurance.
When Beth managed to lead the Abomination to the previously arranged place, Jake shot his arrow right at the demon light, piercing his head. It was harder than a rock, and the arrow didn’t sink in enough. Almost immediately, Chloe conjured a small but solid green square over the arrow, and Amelie sent a ball of energy that hit the square at high speed, pressing on the arrow below. The extra boost made it penetrate deep into the demon skull, eliminating his vital point. Alright, minus one, two remained.
Leon and Bern were still alternating their attacks, drastically changing the temperature on the armor of the ‘Metal-man’ while trying to stay out of his grasp and avoid the lesser demons. Beth and Jake joined forces with them, sending waves of energy that vibrated violently once in contact with the metal while Amie and Chloe were shooting arrows non-stop down onto the third-class demons that were climbing the trees, chasing the Warriors.
Sweat was pouring down Beth’s shirt; a clear signal of her outstanding effort. She had her attention divided among too many places at the same time, and the fight was taking too long. The sun was moving fast through the blue sky, meaning they were running out of time.
Finally the metal armor broke, falling to the ground, and she could see the light shining in the demon’s left eye. It was only a glimpse because the gigantic creature quickly covered it with one massive hand while attacking with redoubled fury, using his other arm and the weight of his body, trying to knock the Warriors down.
In one of those attempts, he lunged at the tree where Chloe was hiding, and Beth saw her friend thrown away from it. Desperately trying to reach her, Beth managed to advance only a few yards through the treetops before having to avoid the monster herself.
The ‘Metal-man’ seemed to have gone crazy. He was twirling and running, hitting at anything on his way with incredible violence. Beth was able to divert him a few times, but after awhile, she had nowhere to go. A powerful blow to the tree sent her flying in the opposite direction, out of the forest shelter.
Falling backward from above fifty feet, she managed to summon her energy to reduce the force of the impact and avoid certain death. Even doing so, she still slammed hard into the ground breaking one or two ribs in the process, besides having the air expelled from her lungs. The few seconds she took to get up were sufficient for the third-class demons to surround her.
With no time to think, Beth drew her machetes and began a fierce struggle for her own survival. Arrows flew from all sides, helping to get rid of the monsters, and the Warriors were shouting at her to return to the protection of the trees, as if she had not been trying to do that already. Anyway, she was relieved to hear Chloe’s voice among them.
When she finally managed to reach the forest edge, her arms were sore, she was still fighting with too many demons at once and was not finding a chance to climb.
Chloe put a shield around her while the others used their skills with energy to send the lesser demons away. With that, Beth finally was able to reach the lower branches—only to be thrown back by the ‘Metal-man’. The shield protected her from the attack, but it broke afterwards, not supporting the incredible strength of the creature.
He advanced toward Beth. Several energized arrows pierced the hand that was protecting his face, forcing the demon to shake it quickly in order to remove the threat. Taking that opportunity, Leon jumped onto the monster’s shoulders and plunged his knife with all his strength into the demon’s eye, extinguishing its light.
Breathless, Beth threw him a grateful smile, but Leon’s desperate look froze her completely. She didn’t have the time to jump or duck and avoid whatever threat he was seeing. Strong hands grabbed her body from behind and, before she could have any reaction, she was already a few hundred feet high, well above the treetops.
The ‘Winged’ had her in his hands.
He turned her around so that she was facing him and fixed those frightening red eyes on her. Feeling an immense pressure inside her head, Beth realized for the first time that the devil-thing had some psychic abilities and was trying to invade her mind. Unable to look away, she called for her little-one’s help and together they created an impenetrable mental-block while she tried to think how the hell she was going to get out of that one.
Beth also noticed that the inner wings of the demon presented little fissures, where a bit of flesh could be seen. Those cracks were extremely thin, and only such proximity could have made it possible to identify them.
Still protecting her mind with all her strength, she sent a mental command. Soon the air around them got extremely cold, and her body was once again protected by a green shield. This one was placed so close to her skin that it followed her exact contour, without making the demon’s hands lose their grip on her.
Then, a shower of ice blades hit the wings of the second-class demon. The fissures spread, growing larger with each impact. It did not take long until his wings broke apart in a thousand pieces. With a howl of pain, or anger, the monster let her go. Before the fall though, Beth saw a gleam of triumph in his eyes.
She couldn’t dwell on that, after all, she was facing a free-fall from a height of at least three hundred feet.
A strong wind enveloped her, slowing the speed of the fall dramatically, allowing Leon to grab her before she touched the ground. She had fallen darned far from the others and did not know how he had managed to catch her but, as far as she was concerned, that didn’t matter. She was safe.
Leon held her in his arms for a moment, smiling, relieved. Suddenly his expression changed and, the next thing Beth knew, Leon was throwing her far away from him.
While rolling on the ground, Beth had a horrible feeling about his motives, one that nearly froze her soul. She stood, and even not wanting to do it, she looked back…
“NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!”
The cry escaped from her mouth as she saw the green glow in Leon’s eyes fading.
His chest was all bloody where the sword of the ‘Winged’ had descended, cutting through his flesh and muscles, breaking his bones.
Chapter 31




As Beth saw Leon falling to the ground, lifeless, the same way Bruno had fallen, something inside of her broke free. She did not know what exactly, but it was fueled by a rage and despair so strong she wouldn’t have been able to contain it even if she had wanted to.
The last thing she saw from the demon was a victorious smile that seemed to linger in the air even after it had been hit and thoroughly disintegrated by her energy. 
The second-class demon had been turned to dust in the blink of an eye, and Beth didn’t even acknowledge the feat. Her brain had gone numb. Even the battle against the demons had been forgotten. All she could see was Leon’s body, lying on the ground. 
Somehow, she managed to run to him, kneel and put his head in her lap. For the first time in ten years, thick and heavy tears ran down Beth’s cheeks, falling unnoticed upon Leon’s face.
“No, no, no… Oh Goddess, please… No.”
It was all she could say between sobs. It seemed that part of her was dying with him. Without thinking or knowing what she was doing, Beth cried for the help of her little friends inside her head, gathered all her vital energy, pulling it to the surface of her being, and joined it with the elemental one circling around her, letting all the love she secretly felt for him explode inside of her.
The ground, her body and even the air was humming with her power.
Then, as if performing artificial breathing, she blew all that into Leon’s mouth, transferring her own life to him…
The world around them came to a stop and became blurred, and then everything went black. Beth felt as though she was being transported to another place.
When she opened her eyes again, she saw… nothing. She was in the middle of a complete nothingness. There was nothing she could see, hear, or even touch.
There were only darkness and silence. Confused and still stunned, Beth thought she was dead, but if being dead meant that she had managed to send enough energy to Leon, then she honestly couldn’t have cared less about it.
Before long, some kind of mist began to emerge and twirl in front of her. Beth squinted, trying to see better or maybe understand what she was seeing. The mist seemed to create something like a human form, which went in and out of focus, without really showing any details of its face. 
“My poor child, there is so much suffering inside your heart… You have been through hard times, terrible battles, and the loss of so many loved ones.”
Oh, it was a she… and her voice was so sweet and musical that this she-being surely could not be human. Although that conclusion was solely based on the sound of her voice since Beth could not see her face or the expression of her eyes. In fact, she could not even see the eyes of that being.
 “Is he alive?” Beth did not know where she was or to whom she was asking that question, but she needed to know the answer. It was all that mattered to her.
“You do not have to worry anymore, my dear.”
“Is Leon alive?” Beth repeated loudly.
“Yes, he is; for now at least,” the being answered, but it did not sound so sweet this time.
A wave of relief and happiness calmed her aching heart, and Beth breathed for what seemed to be the first time since seeing Leon being hit by that sword. Her numbness began to wear off, and her brain resumed its normal functional estate. She had to go back, even if only for a while, to close the portal. Maybe that creature could help her.
“Who are you… and where am I?” She tried to sound as humble as possible.
“Well, child, your kind calls me… Goddess. I’m the one who must be worshipped and revered. You are my precious Warrior and should know that. As for the name of this place, I cannot inform you. We are in the void between life and death, the gap between what exists and the nothing. Do not be afraid, my little jewel. Time does not exist in this void, and I’m here to help you.”
“I’m dead?”
“Yes, the transference of vital energy went beyond what is allowed. You see, there are rules that must be followed in order to maintain the balance between this world and the others. One can say you exchanged your life for his, for this young man you call Leon, and something like that cannot be done.”
“So, he is alive and ok…” Beth mumbled ignoring what seemed to be a lecture.
“Yes, he is fine,” the being sighed, which was somewhat odd coming from a Goddess. “But you are not listening to me. Your sacrifice is not acceptable. We have to reverse the process... After all, you must return and close the portal, correct?”
“Yes, but if we do so, then he will die!”
“That is the role of the Guardians. They have to protect you with their own lives if necessary. You must accept the sacrifice this Leon has made and honor him.”
“Never! As our Goddess, you should know me well enough to be aware that I’ll never accept that. Nothing will be undone.”
“You are being naive and selfish. Don’t you see what you have done? How could you put your life at risk because of a Guardian? Who, besides you, can close that portal? After all my efforts, this is how you thank me?” There was not any evidence of kindness in that voice anymore. It was hard and cold and angry.
“You said you were here to help me... There must be a way to send me back and keep Leon’s life.”
“Swear your loyalty and your services to me and I will do it, without undoing what has already been done. This way you can finish your job and be by the side of those you love.” The voice coming through the fog was gentle and sweet again, almost like a mother talking to her daughter.
It did not matter. The hairs on Beth’s nape lifted and thousands of alarms began ringing inside her mind. Instinctively, she began to gather energy, noticing during the process that the energy she was manipulating belonged to her life force—since there was not any other source of energy there. How could a dead person still have vital energy?
“A Goddess needs her Warriors to swear their allegiance to her?” Beth asked cautiously.
The mist did not answer, but Beth almost could see it shrugging. “So…I have to make an oath to Thera, saying exactly what?”
“Well, there is no need to put a name on it. Just proclaim your loyalty to me and go back to finish your mission.”
“Are you confirming to me that you are not Thera, my only and true Goddess?” Beth asked, slowly standing up.
“Stupid girl! An immortal being like me, who can bring you back to life or keep you here for all eternity, who else could I be? Hurry, make your oath and save your world.”
Beth did not believe her, and could not believe that she was wasting her time with a not fully-corporeal-mist, either.
“I think I’ll pass; besides I’m having some trouble believing that I’m truly dead… You see, my ribs are killing me, all pun intended, so…”
“Do not be immature, Warrior. It is not wise to challenge an unknown force. There is much more for you to learn about power and what can be done with it. Your mission is just beginning, and you will need a powerful ally on your side, in return all I’m asking is proof of your devotion.”
“My loyalty and my services are exclusively for the purposes I deem to be fair. I’ll choose my own fights, and neither you nor Thera can make me do anything I don’t agree with. And you can be sure that, if I had to make a pledge, it wouldn’t be to you. Now answer me, who are you?” Beth did not raise her voice. Her bravery was supported by the knowledge that she already had a considerable amount of energy flowing through her body.
“Insolent! If you do not swear your services to me, you will never see any of your friends again! You will serve me, and only me, are you hearing? I’ll not give you another option,” the mist yelled angrily, making what could have been a face.
Beth knew she should be scared but, for some reason, she was beyond furious, and that did not leave room for fear inside her heart, at least not at that moment. Besides, there was something telling her that thing was not really there, it could not hurt her if she did not allow it to.
“Try to stop me if you can!” Beth shouted back as she released her energy.
The misty body of that woman-thing roared in anger, and when Beth’s energy hit the mist head on, it flicked in and out of existence a few times before fading completely. “This is not finished, Warrior… In the end, you will see that you do not have a choice… You will be mine.”

Beth blinked and was back to the club, with Leon lying on her lap, still unconscious. She promptly forgot all about that bizarre dream and began to examine him.
His breath was steady, and there was no evidence of the terrible injury, not even blood on his ripped shirt, or on her hands. She was still crying, although she did not notice it yet. All she wanted to do was lie down beside Leon and put her head over his chest to listen to his heart beating again.
Beth could not believe she had managed to bring him back, that he was alive. Well, judging by how she was feeling herself, maybe she could. She was so exhausted that she knew she would have difficulty standing. Her head was spinning, her brain refusing to work no matter what.
The other Warriors were approaching, running as fast as they could and Beth absentmindedly thought that at least the mist hadn’t lied about time not existing where they were, if all of that actually had happened. She was not sure about it.
Startled, Beth felt Amelie hugging her.
“Come on, dear, let Chloe take a look at him. Don’t worry, I don’t think it was as serious as it looked or you wouldn’t have been able to heal him by yourself. He will be fine,” Amie said softly.
Beth noticed that Amie’s body was placed in a way that blocked her view from the others, so they could not see her face covered with tears. Only then she acknowledged that she had been crying and allowed the other girl to take her away from Leon.
“Oh, Beth… Why you didn’t tell me?” Amie asked while wiping her tears and embracing her at the same time. “Why did you keep it all inside you?”
“I don’t know what you mean...” Her voice broke; she didn’t want to think.
“The link, Beth. You transmitted with such force... We all felt it... I knew you liked him, but I never dreamed that it was possible to love someone so deeply.” Amelie had tears in her own eyes now too. “He doesn’t even imagine, does he?”
“No, he… loves someone else… but it doesn’t matter anymore. There are only two ways to close the portal… I know how to do it now. But at the moment I can only use one of them… And then he will find out.”
“Oh… I… I’m so sorry, Beth.”
There it was, the ‘look’ she had been trying to avoid all that time. Only she did not get upset like she thought, maybe because her mind was no longer processing any information.
In reality, she was still too shocked by the sight of Leon’s eyes losing their green glow and all his life with it, and was refusing to think about anything at all, much less the fact that he did not love her and that he was going away anytime soon. She kind of turned on the autopilot.
“I said it doesn’t matter. We are in the middle of a battle and don’t have time to waste with feelings.”
“Yeah, the sun is high… We have little time now,” Amie agreed, realizing that was not the right time for questioning. “But you don’t look so good… The way you killed that demon… Are you sure you can keep going?”
“I have to.”
Looking around, Beth realized that, with all the second-class demons dead, the lesser ones had gathered again in front of the barn and were not attacking anymore. Without a leader, their only concern resumed to be protecting the portal.
She also noticed the looks the others were casting at her and, with a single signal sent with her mind, she put them back into combat mode. Leon was getting up and, although he seemed a bit bewildered, he was whole. Shaking his head to clear it, he also prepared to finish that battle.
Beth was weak and sore, her broken ribs aching like a bitch, but she also was tremendously happy at seeing Leon alive and well. In fact, he seemed to be so well that he was almost shining with all the energy she had given him. 
Nobody knew what truly happened, not even Leon, and she was not about to tell them either. Surely they would freak out, and it was not time for that. Still she could not help but stare at him, marveling at the miracle.
“How are you feeling?”
“Pretty good, for a moment I thought that the demon would be my end… What happened?”
“He hit you… I killed him and healed your wound. It was no big deal.”
“Liz... You have been crying?” Leon was really looking at her now. “Did he hurt you? Please tell me what happened, you don’t seem to be ok.”
Oh no, he would not examine her now. Not with a portal close to giving entry to a super-demon. Without thinking about the waste of energy, Beth shielded her body and tried to hurry ahead but was too weak to face the demons in her way.
“Seriously Leon, I’m OK, don’t scan me. I just had to use a lot of energy on that demon, plus we have been fighting since yesterday and I’m tired like everyone else.”
“If you say so… You will not tell me then?” he insisted, knowing his scan-trick wouldn’t be able to get through her protection.
“Later, now we have a job to do.”
“Alright, I’ll put you inside the barn and, if it’s safe there, I will keep fighting outside to make sure none of them reaches you.”
“No, the others will do it. You have to come with me.”
After all they had been through during the last few hours, reaching the barn now was pretty easy. Her despair had fueled the other Warriors with extra energy and adrenaline, and Leon was so energized that no demon had a chance to get close to Beth.
That was a good thing since she could not withstand even one more struggle. To tell the truth, she was sure that she would not survive what she had to do. There was not enough energy left in her body—vital-energy that is.
Well, if that was the case, so be it. Beth would never regret what she had done. And seeing Leon by her side she could not keep from smiling.

Chapter 32





“It’s up to you two now,” Jake said as they reached the double-doors.
Beth gave one more look around, and funnily enough, she was relieved that no one would have to clean the bloody mess since the bodies of the demons evaporated once they died. Now, that piece of the forest with all those fallen trees… That would be pretty difficult to deal with.
One by one, she glanced at her friends, nodding to them and transmitting her love. It was a good bye; it was gratitude and acknowledgment of their value as Warriors as well as friends. They wouldn’t understand what she was doing till it was too late, but they would remember this moment of union and acknowledge her parting feelings.
She could not delay it anymore; there were still several demons around, and they needed to keep fighting, at least, till she finished them once and for all. So she pushed the door open and entered, followed by Leon who was ready to protect her from any threat hiding inside of it.
There was no demon, but what they saw took both by surprise.
“Sweetie… That was a risky move you made out there. Impressive sure, but stupid, if I can say so,” a familiar voice said.
The barn was empty, except for the portal, which was in the center of the place. It was huge, almost reaching the roof, thirty feet high and at least twenty feet wide. It was…weird. There was no other word to describe what was in front of them. It was as if the air around it was some kind of cloth that someone had just cut with scissors and then folded the ends out, leaving a huge hole in the center.
On the other side of the hole, nothing could be seen, only darkness. It seemed to be so deep that it made the hair on the nape of her neck stand up; such was the similarity with the place where she had been during her dream-vision.
Standing in front of it was Edgar, the lawyer. He seemed somewhat angry but still having fun as he was when he killed Bruno. Beth felt her anger ignite as soon as she saw him and, if Leon had not held her back, she would have cut his throat right there. Or at least she would have tried.
“What do you intend to achieve with all this?” Leon asked.
“Hello, young Mr. Greese. I would love to talk about your recent experience, it must have been interesting… but none of us have time now.” Dismissing Leon with a wave, Edgar approached the edge of the portal and took something that was stuck there. It was that medallion thing that sucked Beth’s attack. “Recognize this, sweetie? I have to give my thanks, your energy is incredible. Now I suggest you hurry up and close the portal. Do not disappoint me. I need you to survive in order to awaken your full potential, okay?”
“What the hell?” Beth began to ask, but the lawyer turned around and disappeared inside the portal.
“What was he talking about, Liz?” Leon asked, still holding her by the arm and turning her to him.
“How could I know?” she said, freeing her arm without looking into his eyes.
What was the matter with those crazy people—and mist—throwing nonsense at her without explaining anything? Why would Edgar care if she survived or not? Argh, Beth just wanted to get rid of that threat once and for all. If she allowed her mind to start working, she didn’t know if she would be able to go through it. It didn’t matter what Edgar was thinking. Once the portal was closed, the townspeople, their dimension and her friends were going to be ok.
“Forget about him for now, we have to close this thing. Begin accumulating energy, we will make the sharing.”
“Are you sure? You are hurt, not to mention that, as we could see yesterday, our energies are not in sync yet, the danger—“
“—There will be no problem. We are in tune now.” She cut him off, not wanting to prolong the matter.
She could not tell him that he had so much of her own life inside of him that there was no way for the sharing to go wrong. They could never be more in tune than at that moment.
Leon was doing as she had said, trusting her unconditionally, as always. But something was bugging him, she could tell just by looking at him with the corner of her eyes. Somehow he knew she was hiding something from him and the others. 
“Liz, what happened out there, with the ‘Winged’ demon? I can’t remember, but something… and you were crying… it was because of me?”
Beth tried to ignore his question, clear her mind from everything that happened, but could not. His voice had sounded so sweet and confused; it brought tears at her eyes again and one of them, stubbornly, escaped and ran down her cheek as she lifted her gaze to him. She did not have the strength to hide her love anymore, not after seeing him giving up his own life to save hers.
It wasn’t fair to show him how she felt when she knew she wouldn’t be around to say it was okay that he didn’t feel the same. So she decided to face him and say it while still possible, even if he tried to stop her. 
But what she saw in his eyes left her breathless. It was the same look he had while staring at that picture of Dana in his room, only a few days ago.
Their gaze remained locked on each other for a few seconds before he stepped back. The realization of what she was about to do dawned on him with the force of a brick wall and his crumbled expression was enough to fill Beth with renewed strength. 
“I will survive,” she said with a conviction that wasn’t there a second before.
“I will not risk it,” he whispered, shaking his head slowly.
“I will survive,” she repeated while the ground began to vibrate with an unknown energy coming from the gate. “Please accept it, we don’t have more time.”
“Liz I…”
“No words,” she said, not wanting to hear about his love for Dana. “You can tell me anything after this. Please, trust me.”
“Always,” he said, pulling her into his arms.

Her reunion with the ‘little one’ was intense and full of love as she once again received him in her arms. Then the flashbacks started, and Beth braced herself, trying to be ready for the things she thought she knew.
In the first one, Leon was walking on a street after leaving Edgar’s office. He was upset, concerned for her. He knew things were not good for her and wanted to help, but the lawyer’s actions were confusing him. Until then, Edgar had been clear about Leon having to keep his distance from Beth, now he was sending him to live with her…
Would she remember him? Probably not. The last time she had seen him, they were only seven. He, on the other hand, had followed her through the archery world, where her name was well known. At the age of eight, she was already showing her talent, and it had been easy to keep an eye on her since then.
He lifted his head as he reached the street and saw her. She was so beautiful his heart ached. She was running, completely unaware of her surroundings and did not see the car coming. Leon jumped forward without thinking. Then they were face to face, he on top of her, and not knowing what to say. He was so nervous his hands were sweating, and she did not show any sign of recognizance, so he went with sarcasm, his best defense.
One flashback after another showed Beth how much Leon had loved her, since their childhood. She also discovered that Dana was his adopted sister, daughter of the woman who had raised him. The night of the ball, the half conversation Beth had heard in which he said he loved Dana, and he soon would go back home, was not what she thought.
He had called Dana as soon as he left the party. He was too nervous and needed to talk, but she did not answer her cell, so he left a message. When Beth heard Dana calling back, they were talking about her, yes, but not in the way she imagined.
Leon was just throwing out nonsense words, trying to calm down and not let his hopes get out of control. He did not know what Beth wanted to talk about, and after the way she had treated him in that hallway, he thought that she genuinely hated him. But after the fight he was not so sure and even dared to think she liked him.
Leon had never intended to go back to the city where he was raised, never wanted to leave her side again, even if he would have to see her with another guy.
Finally, he accepted that she truly loved Michael and thought that having her friendship was better than nothing, the same conclusion Beth had also reached. Notwithstanding, in the middle of the night, or when he was alone in his room, he secretly let himself feel that love, he allowed his mind to build dreams while looking at a picture of her receiving a gold medal the previous year. He had bought that picture from a neighbor and always carried it in his wallet.
The last flashback was his terrible fear of losing her, and his relief seeing that he had managed to get her out of the way of the demon’s sword. He did not think about his own security, just hers. And then it all stopped.
There was nothing about what happened after that, not even his being hit. It was a good thing since she did not want him to know what she had done.
When Beth returned from her trance, she was half sitting on the ground, but still in Leon’s arms. A part of her knew that the purifying light had destroyed not only the portal but also all the demons that were still around.
But the major part, her conscious part, was totally focused on Leon. His eyes were locked on hers, and they were full of love.
Beth knew she was in a bad shape. She had lost too much vital energy almost at once; first to bring him back, then dismissing that cheap imitation of Thera, and lastly with the sharing. But she survived, even if her body didn’t seem to agree completely with her. It was trying to shut down; she could feel it.
She didn’t want to sleep, didn’t want to stop looking at him. She still did not believe he loved her that much, that he was alive and that he would not go away. What if it had all been a dream? What if she truly had died giving him her life? What if she closed her eyes and he simply disappeared from her life? What if…
That was enough ‘what ifs’. Beth needed to touch him to make sure she was not dreaming. If only she could make her arm lift… She felt fresh tears flooding her eyes and did not have the strength to stop them.
Sensing her uneasiness through their new link, Leon gently grabbed her hand and kissed her palm before putting it against his own face, so she could feel him.
Carefully, he arranged her in his lap, placing her more upright and closing the distance between their faces. With the sweetest gesture, ever, he kissed her eyes, one after another, very softly, wiping away her tears with his lips.
“Everything is alright now, Liz. I’m here with you. You did it. You closed the portal and came back to me. Now you need to rest... My Liz… My love.”
She felt her heart race and her whole body tingled with that simple gesture and those words, but she wanted more, she needed more, desperately.
Asking one more time for the aid of her little friends, she gained a bit of strength. She slowly moved her hand to the back of his neck and twined his silky black hair with her fingers as she had so often dreamed of doing, pulling him closer.
“Liz…” He protested quietly, but even as he did, his eyes began to shine again, only this time it was not because of the demons, or because he was using his energy. It was because he wanted to kiss her as much as she wanted him to.
He tenderly touched her mouth with his. His lips were soft and warm and they sent an electric shock through all her nerves.
Sighing with pleasure, she buried her fingers in his hair and parted her lips, inviting him. His body shuddered a little and a faint sound escaped his throat as he deepened the kiss, pressing her against his chest. Beth had never felt so happy or so alive before.
Too soon, Leon broke the kiss and pulled back just enough to look at her. Both were breathing heavily, and his eyes were glowing more than ever.
“Liz, please listen to me,” he said hoarsely, burying his head in her hair. “Don’t tempt me more… You seriously need to rest now. We will have lots of time to stay together later.”
“Don’t leave me…” she said in a whisper, sensing that her last forces were abandoning her.
“Never,” he answered, lifting her in his arms.
She let her head rest on his chest and decided that eventually they would have time to try to answer some of the old questions, which remained unanswered, and many new ones that appeared that day.
Because at that moment, Beth just wanted to sleep, lulled by the most incredible sound in the entire world—the healthy beating of Leon’s heart.






**************



And now take just a peek at the second book of the series, Black Aura.




Black Aura
Thera’s Eyes Series
Book 2



Chapter 01




The sun was beginning to appear on the horizon, bringing with it a beautiful show of colors: blue, lilac, orange, red and yellow. It seemed that all of them were there to fulfill their role in the spectacle. The chill of the previous night was slowly giving away its place to the warmth of the new day. Without any cloud in the sky, it certainly would be one of intense heat.
“I knew you’d be here… You always loved to see the sun rising. When you were a little kid, if I didn’t get up in time, you would simply jump down from the crib.”
The teenager jumped, startled by the unexpected break in the surrounding silence.
 “Mom, you scared me!” she complained to the older woman, who was standing beside the bench on the balcony. “I didn’t hear you coming.”
“Sorry honey, I didn’t want to disturb your moment, you seemed so peaceful,” the woman said, adjusting her copper hair. “Can I join you?”
“Sure you can, and you didn’t interrupt anything. Look, the colors are changing!” the girl said, cuddling and resting her head on her mother’s shoulder. “You told me once that I tried to get out of the crib and fell head first onto the ground… I was trying to come here?”
“I don’t know… Probably not, it was the first time, and you were really little then. But, maybe your fascination had begun that day because, while I was walking from one side to another, trying to calm you down, I ended up here. And when you saw the colors in the sky, you fell silent right away. From that day on, you always woke up at that same hour and only stopped crying when I brought you here and sat on this same bench.” The woman put her arm around her daughter, stroking her hair gently. 
“Am I talking to you now because I’m dead?”
“No, you decided to survive, and you did it.”
“I miss you so much… Dad too. I wish both of you were here. Sometimes I feel so lost, Mom. Why did things have to happen this way? Why did neither of you tell us about our Goddess? If we hadn’t been chosen, we wouldn’t have lost you two.”
“Honey, you and your brother will never lose me or your father. We will always be with both of you, in here,” her mother said, putting her hand over her daughter’s heart. “We never talked to you about Thera simply because we didn’t know. The revelation of her existence came to us after we passed. I know you have been through difficult times, and the worst is yet to come… But you are my daughter and I believe in you. I know you are capable of putting things in their proper places again. And when you start thinking the situation seems unbearable and your burden is too heavy, remember that you are never alone; stop and listen to what your heart has to say.”
“My heart or my intuition?”
“The two are the same. You should have noticed that by now.”
“I have so many questions, and no idea where to find the answers.” The young woman stared at her mother, hoping for some real help.
“I know, but I can’t give them to you. Follow the advice I gave you, however inconsistent it may look at the time. And be aware that things aren’t always what they seem to be. You have done something new, something unique. You successfully completed the fusion with all elements that form life. You are very special, and I’m very, very proud of you.”
“Are you telling me that no one else has completed the sharings before?” 
“They did, but there have never been a group of Warriors with six members before. That means the previous sharings always left the element of light out of it. Now, for the first time, it was completed, and it will make you stronger, much more than you can imagine. You have to discover this power within you and learn how to control it…”
The girl was drinking in all the details of her mother’s face, trying to record it forever in her memory while listening to what she was saying. Lowering her gaze a little, she noticed that her mother was wearing an antique brooch. 
While the girl was looking at it, the jewel began to emanate a faint glow, which slowly increased in intensity until the point where she couldn’t see anything else and the world disappeared into that white light, taking her mother away with it… 

Beth woke up with a heavy feeling inside her chest. It was the first time she had dreamed of her mother since the accident, which occurred a few months ago. How long ago was that? I don’t even know what day today is… she thought, glancing at the clock beside her bed. It was nearly five in the morning, and it would be dawn soon. She was still half asleep, and her head wasn’t working right. 
There was someone else in her bed, she could feel that, and right away guessed who it was. A smile played on her mouth and she tried to turn around in order to look at him—big mistake. Every one of her muscles protested angrily against the movement and it seemed as though her head was the target of grenade launchers. 
She remained completely still until the pain subsided a little, allowing her to breathe again and then, very slowly, she managed to sit. Now she finally was able to see him.
Leon Greese—the one to whom she had given her heart and her life, literally. Beth shivered as she remembered that part, causing a sudden wave of pain to run through her whole body. Ignoring the pain and shoving her memories into the deepest corner of her mind, she looked at him again. 
He was sleeping, half sitting, with his back against the wooden headboard, his silky black hair covering one eye, exactly the way she loved. Leon seemed to be exhausted… She was longing for the feel of his touch, she wanted to snuggle up to him and hear his heart beating… Nevertheless, the dark circles under his eyes were stating that his rest was not only welcome but also necessary. How long had she been out for this time? Beth had no idea at all.
Maybe a nice hot shower was all that her body needed to get out of that evil state and to stop torturing her. Still moving with caution, she rose and, as soon as she stood, the whole room spun around and she almost fainted. Her head would have cracked against the hard floor if strong hands hadn’t caught her.
“Gotcha, easy now....” Leon said softly, helping her to sit down. “You’re far too weak to stand by yourself. Sorry, I must have fallen asleep… When did you wake up? Do you need something? Where were you going? How are you feeling?” He asked that all in one breath, making Beth laugh, just a little, because doing that hurt too.
“A few minutes ago, water, bathroom, weird. And you don’t need to be sorry for being tired, Leon.”
“Please, define weird,” he asked while giving her a glass of water.
Something wasn’t right. Leon was way too worried and he wasn’t looking at her eyes, his hands were even shaking a little, although he tried to hide it.
“I don’t know, dizzy, sore, headache… and I really need to go to the bathroom.”
“I… I’ll call the girls; they can help you with that. Do you want anything else, food? I can get some in the kitchen,” he said, walking to the door.
“Leon, what’s wrong?” Beth asked, letting him feel her love and confusion through their link.
“Don’t. Please don’t do that, not now. You still need to rest, and it is not worth wasting your energy.” Leon returned to her side.
“And since when is showing you how I feel a waste of energy?” Beth was very confused, she could feel his love and his concern, but there was something else she couldn’t identify as if he was on the edge of something. “Just tell me what’s going on.”
“Liz… I’m just… You have been unconscious for more than five days and there was nothing I could do to help you during this whole time. I thought I was gonna go crazy, and now you are awake, and I… I’m very happy and relieved, but…”
“But…” She incited him to continue.
“But nothing, I’m just happy,” Leon concluded, hugging her and kissing her head. “I’ll go get the girls now. I love you,” he said, leaving the room.
“I love you too,” Beth answered to the already closed door.
What did he mean by ‘more than five days’? She couldn’t have spent that many days sleeping, could she?

It was incredible how something as trivial as taking a shower had exhausted her. Beth needed to figure out what was wrong; that wasn’t a normal reaction to the ‘energy sharing’, or maybe it was considering that she should have died… Her vital force must have been extremely low, so that’s why Leon was freaking out like that. Alright, all she would have to do was rest, and endure it all till her energy recovered. If only her stomach didn’t seem to be in a roller coaster, things would be much easier.
“Beth, at least try to eat the yogurt… You need to regain your strength.” Chloe was trying to convince her to fight against the nausea.
“Not right now… Put it over there, on the bedside table, once my stomach stops with the riot because of the toast, I’ll try again.”
“Okay, but you must drink lots of water. I’ll leave a bottle with you, this way you can take a sip every few minutes,” Amelie said, seeming a little nervous too. “I don’t know how you didn’t become dehydrated after all this time. It’s really weird. All we could do was wet your lips. Jake tried to make you drink a little, but there was no way to make you swallow, and you almost choked. Then we tried to give you intravenous fluids and again it didn’t work. As soon as the needle touched your skin, your energy reacted so violently that the whole thing melted, even the bottle, soaking you and the bed and leaving a nasty burn on Leon’s hand, but Chloe took care of that. You see, with those kind of things happening all the time we couldn’t even take you to the hospital, and—“
“—Amelie, Toni is asking for you in the kitchen, now!” Jake said from the door, cutting the girl midsentence, which seemed to be exactly his intention.
“Sorry, I was just ‘super-babbling’… I didn’t mean to…” Amelie was extremely nervous now. “I’ll go see what Toni wants. See you later Beth, and get better soon, okay?” The girl practically ran from the room.
“Hey sis, how are you doing?” Jake sat by her side on the bed.
“Really tired… What was that about?” Beth asked at her brother and rested her head on the pillows while waiting for his answer.
“Nothing. You know Amelie, once she starts talking…”
If Jake said anything else, she didn’t listen.

When Beth opened her eyes again, there was daylight coming from the balcony—mid-afternoon, judging by the shadows in her room. “I can’t believe I slept again.”
“You needed it.” His soft voice came from the other side of the bed, startling her.
“Leon, are you all right?” She turned to him and studied his face.
He was sitting with his back against the headboard, pretty much the same way he was before, but he seemed to be more rested and was wearing a different shirt, his hair was still wet from the shower, and his aftershave had a wonderful smell.
“Hi beautiful, you seem a lot better already. Do you think you will be able to eat something now? I brought some warm soup and fresh fruit.  Actually, I didn’t know which of them you liked more, so I did a fruit salad, this way you can pick what you want and leave the ones you don’t.” He got up so quickly Beth thought he had seen a demon lurking around. But no, he was only taking something from the table in the corner.
“Hum, thanks.” She moved to a sitting position and accepted the tray he was offering, noticing that the pain from before had vanished almost entirely by now.
There was an awkward silence in the room while she devoured all the food he had prepared for her. She had been famished since dawn and finally her stomach seemed to agree with her, accepting everything she threw at it with gusto.
Once there was no more food to distract her, Beth focused on discreetly studying Leon while pretending to search for more melon slices among the few pineapples pieces that still were in the bottom of the bowl. He seemed to be less freaked out, but still too nervous for her liking. His concern was pulsing like a living being through their link.
Hum? Concern? Not danger alert? Weird… Supposedly the link only activated by itself if one of them were in danger, which obviously was not the case there, and she doubted Leon was sending that kind of feeling to her on purpose.  But she had felt it earlier too, when she first awoke. She could tell how much he was freaked out, and that he was struggling to remain calm in front of her. At the time, she was too confused to realize it, but now…
“Liz, are you all right? You seemed to space out for a moment, are you feeling sick?”
“No, no, I’m fine. I only got distracted. So…”
“I can call the girls if you want, or your brother. Or if you want something else like another fruit salad, with less melon, no pineapple and a lot more strawberries and peaches, I can do it.” Even freaking out he was hot and Beth couldn’t hide her smile, which made him blush slightly. “I saw you picking the strawberries and peaches first, and you seemed to like them very much.”
“Yes, they are my very favorite fruits, but I’m good for now, thanks.”
“What else can I do for you? Do you want some books, a movie, or maybe some more pillows?” He was leaving the room again, and Beth suspected that he’d be back with all those things and more.
“Stop Leon,” she laughed. “Come back here.”
“What, what do you want?”
“Sit.” She pointed to the spot beside her where he had been before she woke up. He obliged, more or less, making her laugh again. “No, not like that, all strained and ready to jump. Can’t you relax a little?” 
“Sorry, I’m making a fool of myself,” he chuckled, adjusting his body more comfortably before opening his arms to her. “Come here.”
She snuggled closer to him feeling very happy to have his arms around her. “Yeah, but you’re the sweetest fool ever. Now talk to me, you are still tense. What happened while I was sleeping?”
“You weren’t sleeping, Liz. During the first hour your heart stopped twice, and it only started again after several minutes of CPR. Then your energy went crazy, and I couldn’t even scan you without being thrown to the other side of the room. The same occurred every time one of us tried to help you with our energies. I know Amelie babbled about what happened with the IV thing, which pretty much sums up all our attempts to do something other than let you alone.” He shivered a little and pulled her closer, tightening his hold on her. “For five days all we could do was stay by your side and pray for your recovery.”
“That’s so weird… No wonder everyone was kind of freaked out earlier.” Unbelievable, but she was already feeling tired again.
“Don’t tell me. I still am, but I think you could see that by the crazy way I was behaving.” Leon chuckled again, kissing her head.
“So, now that I am back with the living, do you want to scan me?” She yawned and nestled closer to his chest.
“I tried, as did Chloe a while ago. It was no use. There wasn’t a violent reaction like before, and I did see that physically you are okay, but neither of us could read your vital energy or even your elemental one.”
“What do you think it means?”
“Chloe thinks that it is because you lost much of it during the battle and our sharing, and now we have to give you time to build it up again, and that is why you are so tired. She also has this theory that your body was hibernating to save the little amount of energy you had left.”
“And you, what do you think?” She was struggling to keep her eyes open, and another yawn broke free from her mouth.
“I don’t know. Chloe reads energies in a different way to me, but what I felt when I tried to study yours was that I was being blocked out, but you were not shielded so I may be wrong. What worries me is that, apparently, you have less energy in you than a normal person, meaning you are extremely vulnerable right now.”
“I don’t understand why this is happening…”
“It may help us to understand your current status if you tell me what really happened with that winged demon.” He pulled a strand of her hair joyfully, as if trying to make the subject less stressful for her. It didn’t work.
“I panicked when I saw him hitting you with that sword.” She was planning to tell him the truth but then chickened out. She was too tired to have that kind of conversation. “You dodged, and it made only a scratch, but you blackened out with the blow. I think I used some of my vital energy to get rid of him, so when we did the sharing I wasn’t in my best form, without mentioning that we had been fighting nonstop for hours.” Beth yawned twice during her speech and her eyes closed without permission.
“You need to rest now. I’ll be back in the morning.” He tried to get up, but Beth didn’t allow it.
“Please stay, I need to hear it,” she said, already half asleep.
“Hear what?” He smiled, amused, caressing her face.
“Your heart.”

Chapter 02





Oh, surely she was dreaming… The sun was entering through the balcony doors, announcing yet another beautiful day. She was lying in her bed, nestled in Leon’s arms and being lulled by his heartbeats. It was heaven.
“Good morning, sleepyhead. How are you feeling?” Leon smiled, kissing her head.
“Hum… Morning… I would love to stay like this forever, but I’m pretty hungry.”
“In that case, allow me to serve your breakfast. While you eat, I’ll go take a shower and check some things out.” He got up and took the tray from the table, resting it on her legs.
“You are spoiling me no end with this whole bringing-a-tray-to-my-bed thing.” Beth made a face at him, but smiled to show she was joking, more or less.
“Nothing you can do about it. You still need plenty of rest, so you’d better get used to being spoiled. I’ll send someone to stay with you till I come back.”
“Hey, I can take care of myself, you know?”
“No, right now you can’t. Eat.” He kissed her head again and was gone.

To Beth's astonishment, she napped again after eating. When she woke up, Toni was sitting on a chair beside her bed. The woman was watching her as intently as a mother hawk, which kind of creeped Beth out a little.
“Toni, is everything okay?” She sat up with a jump, which made her a little dizzy.
“Sorry, I didn’t want to startle you. How are you feeling, honey? Do you need anything?” The beautiful mulatto leaned against the bed to check her more thoroughly.
“No, I’m good. I just can’t believe I slept again. It seems to be the only thing I have been doing these days. Before it was because of the sharing and now… Well, it still is because of the sharing, ugh.”
“What are you talking about? Yes, you slept a lot during those days, but then you went for more than fifteen days with almost no sleep at all, and then you faced a battle that lasted for almost twenty-four hours. Of course your body shut down.”
“Well, you don’t see the others ‘shutting down’, do you?”
“Don’t be difficult, Elizabeth. I know very well that the others don’t have to endure the same things you do. Besides, since you woke up all they have been doing is sleep, pretty much the same as you. But I’m glad to see you are feeling well enough to rebel. Now keep resting. I have to go; lunch time is fast approaching and I need to feed all of you. Will you be okay?”
“Sure. I’ll only take a shower.”
“I’ll call the girls to help you.”
“Jeez Toni, I can do it by myself. It’s not like running a marathon you know. Besides, they are sleeping, and they need to rest as much as I do.” Hum, how could she know that? But it was true; she could feel it through the link… weird.
“Stubborn child,” Toni muttered, getting up. “At least take it easy. Slow movements and no washing your hair. Leon will be here soon.” With that, she left the room, taking with her the tray and dirty dishes.
Ah, finally alone with her delicious hot shower. It was a blessing. And of course she washed her long, red hair, twice. She even took her time massaging her scalp. Then she let the hot water soothe her sore muscles while remembering the dream with her mother. For some reason, the brooch she was wearing in it was bugging her even now. It could be because it’s shining light swallowed her mother, but she wasn’t sure. Well, there was no point worrying so much about a dream, even if it had seemed real, not to mention that she was getting tired, again.
After choosing some comfortable sweatpants and a large shirt, Beth worked on her hair, carefully untangling it before blowing it dry and braiding it. Satisfied with her image in the mirror, she returned to her room, only to find Leon lying on her bed. 
He really was the most gorgeous guy she had ever seen—hair as black as the night, with a cut that often drove her crazy, short on the neck and longer on the top, causing it to cover one of his eyes every now and then. She could see his well defined muscles pressing against his shirt, making her remember how strong he really was. She was so distracted admiring his qualities that she was startled when her gaze locked on his. She thought he was sleeping.
“So, will you just keep staring or do you intend to do something more constructive with this body?” He smiled seductively and arched one eyebrow.
Busted, there was no point pretending. “I don’t know. Maybe I need a little encouragement,” she teased.
“Hmm, I’m sure I can help you with that,” he said, getting up, his eyes fixed on hers.
Watching him slowly approaching her, Beth was hypnotized by his smooth movements and felt her heartbeat going crazy inside her chest while her stomach turned somersaults in a pool of ice cubes. Her breath caught and it was all she could do not to jump him and fall into his teasing. No, she wanted him to be the one making the jump part. 
But, ugh, he was taking so long to reach her… She could feel the anticipation building inside her, forming goose bumps all over her arms and legs and if her heart beat any more quickly, it would burst for sure. 
He was only three feet from her when a flash of confusing images and sounds invaded her mind, blinking too fast to make any sense. Then bright and pulsating colors seemed to be exploding from everywhere, clouding her sight, undermining her sense of depth and causing the loss of her balance. In a split second, Leon was by her side supporting her.
“What’s the matter, Liz?”
The nausea, consequence of the impact on her nervous system, hit her hard, and she had to shut her eyes in order to avoid the sea of incongruous colors, then came the exhaustion, and her legs gave up.
“Liz!” Leon caught her easily, but there was no way to deny the desperation in his voice.
“I’m fine; it was just a little dizziness. It’s already passing,” she said just to calm him down.
Leon carefully picked her up and carried her to the bed. He adjusted her into a half sitting position with a lot of pillows supporting her back before sitting beside her. “Better now?”
“I think so…”
“You think? How about opening your eyes to see if it is gone or if your room is still spinning around?”
Obeying, she slowly opened her eyes, immediately regretting it. The colors were even more intense, her stomach gave another jolt and her bedside lamp exploded. She closed them again, pressing her eyelids tighter than before.
“Don’t ask me to do it again, unless you have some hidden fantasy involving me throwing up all over you.” She joked to cover her fear, but Leon saw right through it, even if he was ignoring the shattered lamp.
“This is not a simple dizziness, is it? Tell me exactly what you are feeling.”
“Well, there is no spinning room that’s for sure.” She was still struggling with her nausea and her voice came out a little strangled.
“Come on, Liz. If you don’t tell me what is happening how am I supposed to help you?”
“I don’t know, okay? It is the weirdest thing I felt. I don’t know how to explain it to you.”
“Then show me. Use our link and show me what happened when you opened your eyes,” he suggested with a calm voice, squeezing her hand gently.
Beth tried to concentrate, but after a moment she shook her head slightly.
“I… I can’t… I know the link is there, but I can’t reach it. Goddess, what is happening to me?” She was getting too nervous and losing it would only aggravate the situation, so she took a deep breath and leant her body against his, feeling the calming heartbeat through his clothes. “Okay, there is no reason to panic. I’ll open my eyes again and then tell you exactly what happens.”
He squeezed her hand again, and she did it. To her surprise, nothing happened. Everything was back to normal. No voices, no colors, no nothing. She blinked several times to make sure it would not come back and then relaxed.
“It passed. Everything is fine now.”
“And the link?” He was not convinced that she was okay.
“It’s back. I can feel you again, and all the others,” she answered, after checking.
“Good, then please call Chloe. I want to try checking your energy again with her help.”

Thanks to a little miscalculation, Beth ended up calling all the Warriors instead of only one, and soon they were all there, experiencing the freak show for themselves.
“That’s enough Beth, I think we got it,” Jake, her twin, said. He was kinda green and cold sweating.
“I’m glad I didn’t eat anything today,” Amelie said, sitting down on the floor while still holding her belly.
“It was beyond weird. What do you think it was?” Bern asked, a little disturbed.
“I have no idea. It came abruptly and disappeared the same way,” Beth shrugged. “What do you think, Chloe?”
“Let me check your energy first, only then I’ll be able to say what I think,” Chloe said, all serious. 
That was Chloe’s specialty, and if there was someone able to find what was wrong with Beth, the little Warrior was the one. At least that’s what Beth was hoping for because, honestly, none of them was an expert in that Warrior thing. They were all quite ignorant on the subject, and her intuition seemed to be as messed up as her energy.
Doing as Chloe instructed, Beth laid down on her bed and tried to relax as much as she could. Both Chloe and Leon knelt at her side and joined their abilities to scan her. It seemed to take forever, but eventually they stood up and signaled for the other three to approach again.
“So, what did you find?” Beth asked, breaking the heavy silence.
“As I said before, physically you are okay…” Leon began.
“But…” Jake urged when he didn’t continue.
“But we were barely able to sense her vital and elemental energies. Normally I can’t sense the vital one, only the elemental, but with Leon’s help I was able to find it,” Chloe said, sitting by Beth’s side and reaching for her hand.
“The truth is that her energies are so faint, both of them, that it was a struggle to identify them, and they are pulsing weird,” Leon completed, lowering his head and pinching the bridge of his nose with his fingers. “What do you think of it, Chloe?”
“Well, none of us has ever been in such delicate state before, but you are right, they are pulsing in a strange way. My guess is, since she lost almost all her vital energy, the recharging process may be a little messed up. I mean, her body is trying to regain its balance as fast as possible and, in doing so, may be causing some side effects such as the one we witnessed. At least that was what I felt,” the little Warrior explained, trying to sound as professional as possible.
“Hey, that made a lot of sense indeed. It also explains why she couldn’t access the link while having that crisis. There was not enough energy to deal with what was happening and use the mental connection at the same time. So there’s nothing to be done besides let Beth rest and wait for the side effects to disappear,” Amelie said, seeming relieved.
“Yeah, that seems right,” Beth agreed after thinking about it for awhile.
“This is what your intuition is telling you?” Jake narrowed his eyes to his sister in a very I-know-you-are-hiding-something-from-me way.
Beth ignored his suspicion and sat up again, leaning back on the mountain of pillows behind her. “I don’t know if it is intuition or only common sense because Chloe’s explanation seemed quite logical to me.”
“I don’t see any other reason for her actual status. I mean, she wasn’t badly injured during the battle, only having a couple of ribs fractured. Also, she was awake and relatively well when she walked inside that barn, and there wasn’t any kind of struggle in there, only talking and the sharing. Well, we all know how perilously low her energy became after the sharings, even if she tried to hide it from us, with Leon’s help.” Bern stared pointedly at Leon, but then he smiled and gazed at Beth. “We knew about it because we saw it in our sharings, but since you seemed not to know it we decided it would be better to continue hiding our concern. Besides, we all knew Leon had your back and would never let anything bad happen to you.”
“Smartasses,” Beth mumbled, but she smiled back.
“Okay, so let’s all hope for this issue to be gone in a few days. In any case, Chloe and I will continue to monitor Beth’s energy on a daily basis just to be sure. Now, everyone out, Beth needs to sleep out this crisis thing,” Leon commanded and everyone obeyed without arguing. Then he turned to her. “I will be right back with some soup for you, if you think you can handle it.”
“Yes, please. I’m famished again.”
“I suppose you are. It’s your body regaining its strength.”
After awhile the two were alone in her room again, and Beth was literally licking the remains of the delicious soup Toni had made especially for her. Her eyelids were heavy, but she didn’t want to sleep yet and dismiss Leon’s company.
“You need to sleep, Liz. The more you rest today, the better tomorrow will be. I’ll be back soon enough to check on you.” He paused searching her eyes as if he had seen some of her thoughts there. “I can stay, or I can call someone else if you do not want to be alone.”
No one but him could help her to relax so, instead of answering, she patted the empty space beside her. He smiled sweetly, lying down beside her, taking one of the pillows for himself. She rested her head on his chest in order to hear her favorite lullaby. There was nothing else in the whole world able to provide the same level of comfort to her than his strong and rhythmical heartbeat. Leon passed his arm around her and pulled her closer, stroking her hair in a lazy movement. In minutes she was out, immersed in a peaceful and repairing sleep.

Three days later, Beth’s physical strength seemed to be back to normal while her ‘weird episodes’ involving the bright colors, the flashing images and sounds inside her head and several things being blown to shreds had worsened considerably. On the previous day, she had suffered countless crises (or energy attacks, as Beth was calling them now) with just one or two hours of rest between them. 
According to Chloe, that only meant Beth’s energy was increasing and, as soon as it reached an acceptable level, the crisis would stop for good.
Leon was always by her side, including during the nights. Even if the occasion didn’t allow chance for romance, it was pretty obvious to everyone that Leon and Beth were now together for real. For Beth, he was already a constant in her life, always within reach of her hands if she needed him.
The only thing really bothering her was the lack of romantic physical contact and, yes, that means making out instead of only snuggling on her bed. She was dying to feel his lips pressing on hers again. She loved him and knew he felt the same for her, she just wished he wasn’t so constantly concerned about her.


