THE LUX GUARDIANS
·book two·


The Wandering


Saruuh Kelsey

www.saruuhkelsey.co.uk


For Stasia.
There are no pies in this book, but there are pancakes, so I hope you’ll forgive the atrocity.

And for Nadia, who is insanely generous.


Copyright © Saruuh Kelsey 2014

Smashwords Edition
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

The right of Saruuh Kelsey to be identified as author of this work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Lyrics from The Strength To Go On © 2008 Rise Against and DGC Records

Cover photo © istock
Cover and book design by Saruuh Kelsey


About The Wandering (The Lux Guardians, book 2)


Honour Frie has escaped Forgotten London, but he’s not happy and he’s not safe yet. His sister is mute with grief, what remains of his family is suffering, and when The Guardians lose faith in their purpose, Honour is tasked with restoring it. But inciting the rebellion isn’t something that comes easily to Honour, and with every burden weighing on him, cracks appear in his sanity.

Branwell Ravel will do anything to reunite with his missing sister, but with no word of her for months he’s lost hope of saving her. Bennet Ravel doesn’t want or need to be saved. She has a purpose. She will avenge her father—she will kill the President of States—no matter the cost.

Miya and Yosiah have fought everything together—Officials, Strains, starvation, and even their own feelings for each other—but will they stay together when the secrets between them grow too vast to stay hidden? Or will they fight each other?

With a dangerous journey to Bharat and a plot to overthrow States’s Ordering Body, the second instalment of the Lux Guardians series will wrench everyone to their breaking points. 


Table of Contents

The Madness of Wanderers
10.10
11.10
12.10
13.10
The Uncertainty of Now
14.10
15.10
21.10
22.10
23.10
24.10
26.10
27.10
30.10
31.10
The Promise of War
01.11
02.11
03.11
04.11
05.11
07.11
08.11

Our shoulders bear an awful weight
But still we trudge on just the same
Our colours run, then leave a stain
They blacken our once honest name
But how can we argue
Over the fury and the fire?

What we are is the sum of a thousand lies
What we know is almost nothing at all
But we are what we are ‘till the day we die
Or ‘till we don't have the strength to go on

The Strength To Go On, Rise Against







There are seasons, in human affairs, of inward and outward revolution, when new depths seem to be broken up in the soul, when new wants are unfolded in multitudes, and a new and undefined good is thirsted for. There are periods when ... to dare, is the highest wisdom.

The Union, William Ellery Channing

***

Bennet


I expected the end to come with fire, not rain, but the heavens don’t seem to care as they pour their sorrows onto me. 
I always thought if the end came for me it would come for Branwell at the same time, but we are separated and death is nearing with each passing minute. I hoped he’d find me despite my own failed attempts to seek him out. I still hope for it but there isn’t much time left. Our buildings fall beneath us, the ground becomes nothing more than ash and a memory, and the people are lost to the quaking earth. But still there is no fire. Only rain.
One day soon my brother and I will be reunited. No doubt I’ll yell at him for a decade and he will wear that crestfallen look of his until I forgive him—but nothing will mar my happiness because we’ll be together.
Soon we will be reunited, in the life after death, but not today. 
I am told that today is the end—of this town, of this life, of my old self. It is the end of Bennet Ravel as I knew her but it is not the end of me. The Guardians say there are great plans mapped out in the constellations of fate, great plans for me and my life. They say if I were to die today it would be a great woe upon the Earth. I’m not sure if I believe in their words, or their destinies, but if I believe in just one thing it is life. Worlds are torn apart, people wither to nothing but bones in the dirt, but there is always one thing that continues to exist, one thing unwilling to bend to the will of ruination. 
I plan to be that one thing today.
I stand in the middle of a damp plain, stricken land spreading out on either side of me, my eyes on a city that was thriving and living only hours ago. Now it sinks into the ground. I draw in a breath of foul Mumbai air and resolve myself. I am told this is my time to shine, but I have no desire to shine. 
I want to burn.

I
The Madness of Wanderers

***

Honour

23:27. 10.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Northey Island.


My name is Honour Frie. I am fifteen years old. I have escaped Forgotten London.
The free lands are not much more than a dead expanse of dust and burnt-out houses, occasionally broken up by a skeletal tree or row of brambles that look out of place in the epic nothingness. The island is so much bigger than I expected. We’ve walked for two days and we’re still weeks away from the top of the land. I thought Forgotten London was big but The Free Lands go on forever.
We walked through the day, the high sun and cold wind arguing over the temperature, until we got to an island ringed by a grassy marsh that used to be clear waters. Brown grasses cover the surface of the island, serving as a makeshift mattress for those who sleep restlessly under the stars. 
I can’t sleep. 
My paranoia tells me that Officials hide in the long grass, that the wind that stirs my hair is caused by an army charging at me, that the gentle lapping of the swamp water is soldiers swimming to kill us. My fear keeps my eyes open. 
We haven’t come across any Officials yet, but Alba expects to. That’s why we’re sleeping where we are—far away from the cavern of what was Forgotten London, on a small circle of land that used to be called Northey Island. We’re moving gradually away from home, to a city in the north that will keep us safe—so I’m told.
I should feel safe here but I feel worse than I ever did in Forgotten London. I’m the most vulnerable I’ve ever been and I hate feeling like this. I’m exposed by the island’s lack of buildings, freaked out by its absolute silence. Give me the noise of bars and the raised voices of drunken arguments and I would feel at ease. Because of the complete lack of noise, I hear sounds where there’s nothing, which only fuels my paranoia more.
With every hour that passes I’m amazed I’m still alive.
But I’m free. 
I escaped the Forgotten London border. I just don’t have the energy to be happy about it right now.
Most people are sleeping so I have nothing to distract myself from my delusions. I roll onto my back and watch the unchanging sky for a few minutes. When I’ve finally decided that there’s no chance of falling asleep, I tap Horatia on the shoulder to get her attention. She doesn’t acknowledge me but I know she’s awake. I’ve yet to see her sleep.
“I’m going for a walk. I won’t be long, okay?”
Tia doesn’t respond, but I didn’t expect her to. She stares ahead, unseeing. I brush the damp strands of hair from her forehead, trying valiantly not to let my smile flicker. 
Lumbering to my feet, I swallow my worry with a gulp of salty air and follow the edge of the island. I’m careful not to go so close to the edge, in case I trip into the water and drown. After an hour or so of walking I see a figure silhouetted against the inky sky. I almost turn back but I think I recognise the way he stands.
“Yosiah?” I edge closer to the figure and it takes the definite shape of my friend.
“Honour,” he says without turning. His voice sounds how I feel.
I fold myself onto the grassy floor, running my fingers through the sharp, slick blades, and wait for Yosiah to join me. As Yosiah obliterates the grass beneath his feet with agitated fingers, I look across the water to the dark edge of the United Kingdom.
“Do you think we’re safe here?” I ask.
“No.” I think that’s all he’s going to reply, but then: “But we’re alive, and that’s a lot to ask for right now.”
I rest my arms on my knees and my head on my arms. “How’s Miya?”
It takes a few seconds for him to answer. “Bad.”
“Sorry.”
He stops ripping up grass abruptly. “I don’t know what to do.”
I don’t know what to do either. I’ve nothing to suggest, to help, so I stay silent. He clears his throat and drags a slow hand through his knotted hair.
“Has Horatia spoken yet?”
“No.” My voice is stuck somewhere below my tonsils. “Not yet.”
“She needs time.”
My sigh is visible as a cloud of fog cut through with moonlight. “So everyone keeps saying.”
“Loss can destroy anyone.” He glances at me. “How are you coping?”
I wish I knew. “I can’t understand anything in my head.”
“It gets better with time.” He heaves a deep breath, and then a gasp. “Look over there, across the sea.”
There’s nothing but the blackness of the land. “I can’t see anything.”
“Not the ground.” He points, and I squint in the dark to follow his attention to the sky.
“Stars?” I ask.
“Not stars. Do you see where the lights shine brighter? Where they look slightly blue?”
I do. There’s a patch of sky where the spots of light are bigger and pale blue if I focus on them. “Is it normally like that?”
“No. It’s an aircraft—a plane. The lights you’re seeing are windows.”
I jerk to my feet, my heart lurching with my body. “Can they see us?” I’m ready to grab my sister and run. I don’t think I can outrun a plane but I can try.
“No. The range of their sight is limited. I’m pretty sure they don’t have night vision.”
I gawp at him as he struggles to his feet, unsteady on his right leg. “Pretty sure?”
“Honour, calm down. It’s leaving.” His jaw is set, his chin sharp in the severe light of the moon. 
I give him a weak smile. “I’ll calm down when you do.”
“They’ll be doing routine scans of the whole island for us. We’re okay here. They won’t search these small islands.”
“What about the safe zones?” I search frantically for the spot of brighter lights. It’s smaller than it was before. It is going away. “Officials will find them.”
“The safe zones have been set up for years. They know how to stay undetected.”
“But they’re all kids! What if they—”
“Honour.” He lays his hand on my shoulder. “They’ll be fine. Don’t you have enough to worry about, anyway, without another hundred children?”
He’s right, I do. I need to find a safe place for Tia where she can grieve, get better, and live a happy life. I need to find a way to do what The Unnamed asked me to—to unite The Forgotten Lands. I need to find John and demand answers. I need to look after my friends. And I need, most of all, to make sure this never happens again. To stop States from killing more people.
All of those things are impossible right now.
“How do you survive, Honour? You worry so much I wonder why it hasn’t torn you apart.”
“Are you sure it hasn’t?”
“Yes.” His words are so strong that I look up. “You’re still living, still fighting.” He shakes his head. “I don’t know how you do it.”
“Thanks. I think?” He doesn’t reply, so I fix my tired eyes on the sky again. “Are you sure it’s leaving?”
“I’m sure.”
I wait for my breathing to stop sprinting and then say, “They wouldn’t be able to land here anyway, would they? This island’s too small.”
He gives me a long look. Then he says, “No. They wouldn’t be able to land.”
I hear what he doesn’t say—they wouldn’t have to land to kill us.
“I can’t see it anymore.” I try to watch every inch of the sky but it’s impossible. I don’t stop scanning the darkness, though. Every star is a plane. Every plane is a hundred Officials coming to kill us.
“Yeah,” Yosiah says. “It’s gone.”
For a long while we don’t speak. We just stare at the marsh and the land in the distance, the water around the island brushing against our boots. My nostrils fill with the tang of the sea. Standing up for so long, just staring in silence, I find a way to be tired again. I think maybe I could sleep now.
“Yosiah!”
I jump out of my skin, turning my head at the same time Yosiah stumbles forward a step. My body coils against the threat, my hand itching for a weapon. I sigh in exasperation. This paranoia is getting out of hand. It’s only Miya, her hands in fists and her eyes blazing. Yosiah gives me an apologetic glance and then he’s walking away with Miya cutting a tense shadow beside him.
I settle down in the damp grass and watch the sky for aircrafts until I finally reunite with sleep.

***

Miya

00:13. 10.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Northey Island.


When I was first on my own after my mum kicked me out, I had nightmares every night. They were always about losing Tom and Livy, and usually a shadowy figure snatched them away from me. I know that must have been a subconscious image of my mum, and that losing my brother and sister was less about them being taken from me than me being taken from them, but at the time I couldn’t make any sense of them. The loneliness and the cold and the hunger of being homeless messed with my head. All I knew was that something evil had taken my siblings and I had to get them back no matter what it cost me. I tried so hard in those dreams to get to them but no matter what I did, they’d pass right through my fingers. Every night I woke up shivering, sweating, and crying on whatever floor I’d slept on that night. Gripped by a terror that bit deeper than any other fear.
This nightmare was nothing like the old ones.
This nightmare was worse. Now I have more to lose.
After my heart has given up hammering at my ribs, I sit up and take stock of the people around me. Olive sleeps on her side, one of her hands curled into a fist under her chin and her eyebrows lowered into a scowl. I don’t know what creature is haunting her dreams but she looks ready to kill it. I pull my jacket closer around my sister’s shoulders to keep out the cold and glance at Tom. He’s flat on his back, his limbs thrown so far out that he takes up three times as much room as Livy. The jacket that’s meant to be covering him is rumpled beneath him and the thought of Siah wearing a very creased jacket tomorrow makes me smile.
And that’s when I realise he’s gone. Yosiah.
He should be beside me, laid on his side with his long legs sprawled over the grass, but he’s nowhere near. The long grass is flattened and rumpled so he must have lain here at some point, but not anymore. My gut squirms, something like acid clogging the back of my throat. Has he run away again?
I shove up from the floor on clenched fists, my joints creaking from all the walking of the past few days. With a glance to confirm that Livy and Tom are still sleeping, I set off walking in a random direction. The circle of land is small enough that I have to run into Siah at some point. I think about swinging my fist into his face. It makes me feel better at first, but as I trample the wild grasses, my thoughts seep in their poison.
What if he’s gone for good this time?
What if he’s found a better offer?
I stomp faster and faster, gritting my teeth as I follow the edge of the water. Eventually, I spot two dark shapes on the ground. One of them must be Siah, out for a nice walk and a chat with whoever the hell that is. Nails bite into my palms as I clench my hands tighter. I thought I’d lost him when Forgotten London was destroyed. I thought he had died. He must know what this disappearing act would do to me, what it would make me think. 
I snarl his name, not bothering to hide how pissed I am. Siah leans heavily on his right leg, clearly unsteady, which lessens the heat of my glare a little. With the sharp tip of my fury gone, I’m floored by relief that he’s still here. Alive.
“Have a nice stroll?” I snap. It’s as calm as I’m going to get.
Yosiah sighs under his breath but the empty silence of the island gives nothing to cover it up. I aim a sharp look at him as he changes our direction, leading us back to the camp site.
“It’s too exposed here,” he mumbles. “I couldn’t sleep.”
“Missing the Guardians’ base?”
He shoves his hands in his jean pockets. “Missing our shed.”
That draws wistfulness from me. It might have had more leaks than I have fingers and been falling apart but the shed that we lived in for more than four months will always be home. It’s the only shelter we’ve had for longer than a few days. “It was a great shed,” I say, softening. My forgiveness is plain in my voice.
He’s silent for the rest of the walk but I think I see a smile playing about his mouth in the hazy light.
I weave around the sleeping bodies of Guardians, scanning them until I find my brother and sister. I lie quietly beside Livy as Siah half-falls to the ground. I’m not gonna point it out to him, but his limp has gotten worse since he jumped off that train back in F.L. The urge to touch Yosiah slams into me, my stomach flopping. I press my palms together to keep them from reaching out. I might desperately need to know he’s still here but I haven’t stopped fuming at him for walking off without telling me.
Honour wandered off earlier tonight as well but I heard him tell his sister he was leaving, even though she’d never speak back. Siah should have done that too, told me. I need to know exactly where he is. I need to know he’s not running off on some suicidal mission. I need—
 I need him to get better. I need his leg to heal. I need him to stay alive, here, with me.
“I thought—” I can’t get the rest of that sentence out. It feels like a giant lump of emotion is stuck beneath my voice box. 
I take a slow breath and shut my eyes. If I can’t see Siah’s face I won’t know when the guilt crosses it. I don’t want to say this, to make him feel worse about everything, but he has to know. He can’t keep walking away without telling me. And I can’t keep having a heart attack every time he’s more than a metre away. “You left—and you didn’t say anything. And I thought—”
Heat pushes into my skin from where his hand has sought my wrist but I roll out of his reach. I can’t let him touch me. I won’t be able to hold the tears back if he does.
“I’m sorry.” His whisper barely disguises the way his voice cracks.
“You left me on that train and I can’t … I can’t forget that.”
He repeats his apology and he sounds so wrecked that I open my eyes to look at him. I needn’t have been so worried about seeing his guilt; I can’t see his face at all in this darkness. I can only place where he’s laid because he obliterates a cluster of stars. But the clouds must shift because moonlight falls through the night, quick and without warning. It highlights the intense expression that’s taken up residence on Yosiah’s face. 
For a second I mistake it for anger, but I know what anger looks like on Yosiah. His jaw clenches, his eyebrows cut deep black lines of disapproval, and his eyes—his eyes burn hotter than a solar flare. But now? None of those signs. Just this steady, fixed stare that has my heart jumping.  I frown at him for what must be half a minute, and then I realise I’ve seen him look this way before.
I skitter away from him, pulling my knees to my chest as a barrier.
Yosiah chews his lip, then says, “I’m not leaving you. Ever. Just so you know.”
I bite down on my tongue because the words that want to pass my lips are something neither of us wants to hear.
“Shut up,” I say instead. Siah’s exhale sounds like relief. I chance a look at him and find the intense look gone. My body deflates. My ribs give a half-hearted ache as I sink back into the grass, facing away from Siah just in case he gets that look again. He doesn’t touch me or move any closer but I know he wants to. I see his heated expression behind my eyelids and have to make an effort to keep my breathing regular.
Siah asks, “Are you still angry?”
“Very.”
“Still scared?”
My face automatically shifts into a glare even though he can’t see me. He’s overstepped and he knows it. I am, though—still scared that I’ll lose him. “Yes,” I surrender.
“Can I hug you?”
I snort. “If you want to lose your arms.”
He mutters a harmless curse. The grass whispers as he shuffles closer. My body relaxes, Siah’s proximity a comfort blanket, even as my mind flares with alertness. If he puts his arms around me I might give him a black eye.
“Do you think the Officials are looking for us?” I ask to distract him.
“Yes.”
“Do you think they’ll find us?”
“Yes.”
My inhale is sharp. “And then what?”
“And then we’ll kill them.” His finger brushes the back of my neck. I’m sure he’s following the scar I have there. I have to fight simultaneous urges to shiver and to flee.
“Miya?” I hate the tone of his voice. 
“No.”
“I didn’t say anything.”
“Still no.”
He huffs, removing his touch. “How are you feeling about your mum?” Now I really want to thump him. “She must have been killed by the collapse.”
“Thanks genius, I hadn’t worked that out for myself.”
He’s silent, probably thinking his quiet will coax an answer out of me. I make myself borderline comfortable and focus all my energy on going to sleep.
I’m not going to talk about this now. Or ever.

***

Honour

07:32. 11.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands.


The Free Lands are not what I expected. All the time I lived in the confines of Forgotten London, I imagined a wide land that looked like the area we walked through yesterday—dead, unforgiving wastelands. But the further away we get from the crater of F.L. the more I have no choice but to face the idea that I was wrong. 
Even though I’ve been rebelling for years, fighting against Official rules by thieving and going out way after curfew, the truth settles on me like a lead weight as we walk through the thriving row of fields, green and yellow grasses bathed in pale morning light. I’ve always believed what the Officials told me. I never questioned them, not even once. I might have thought I did, but deep down I believed everything they said. 
When they told us the lands beyond our fence were deadly, uninhabitable places I didn’t question it. I knew they were keeping us inside the fence for a more malicious reason, to kill us, but I also knew—thought I knew—that being free would kill us anyway, that we’d be struck down by the Strains.
It never once occurred to me that there might not be as many Strains out here as we were told.
I was willing to risk whatever dangers the Free Lands might throw at us for a sliver of freedom, even if that freedom took our lives. But the thought that this place with its sharp, clean scent and its chattering nature was always here, safe and waiting for humanity to return to it … 
As Tia walks mutely beside me and Branwell trails his fingers through rustling white flowers, I go to war with myself to keep tears from spilling onto my cheeks.
I’ve been so stupid. So naïve. I let someone else tell me what was true. Did I ever have a thought that wasn’t influenced by someone else?
Starting now, I’m thinking for myself.
The only question is: Do I know how?


12:18. 11.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands.


There is water. Clean, drinkable water. My shock is quickly trampled by a tightness in my chest. There has always been a way to live in the free lands, and for years we’ve struggled for no reason. If I’d tried to get through the fence years ago, if I’d discovered my father’s letter years ago, we would have been living here.
But would I have been ready for this? For the expectations and pressure put on me because of that letter?
Unite the Forgotten Lands. Unite the island you live on. Its real name is Great Britain, The United Kingdom, and it belongs to you. You are royalty, my children. You have royal blood. You are both Prince and Princess, and this island, no matter how small and ruined it is, is yours.
Unite the Forgotten Lands. Yeah, because it’s that easy. What the hell made my father think a couple of kids would be able to make that kind of worldwide change?
I guess I know where I get my naivety from.
I fill my lungs with fresh air and shove those thoughts away. I don’t have time to worry about what the Unnamed wanted. My main priority is Horatia, and I can’t help her get better if I’m falling apart over some impossible revolution. The Guardians are the ones that want change, that can actually make it happen. I’ve already played my part in this uprising—I gave them the letter. I’m done with it now.
I watch my twin from the corner of my eye. She’s looking at the silver lake with more emotion than I’ve seen in her since we left Forgotten London. I wonder if she’s thinking the same as me, that the free lands are everything I’ve dreamed of for so long. The paradise of it all isn’t even ruined by the tempestuous sky, or the knowledge that the solar flares burned away the top half of the island before we were born. The flares might have scorched land into ash, claiming most of the United Kingdom’s towns, and Officials might have infected the rest, but there are still places that can be rebuilt. 
For a split second Tia’s gaze meets mine, the slightest flicker of something other than grief stirring in her clear brown eyes. I smile, hoping to get one back, but she returns her attention to the scenery with a neutral expression. It’s not a frown, though, or a grimace, which replaces the tight feeling in my chest with something lighter, air instead of gutter water.
I approach the edge of the water, following the Guardians’ cue, but instead of drinking it like they do I splash my face, washing off dried tears of self-pity as well as grime and sweat.
I glance up as a shadow falls across the water and watch my sister drop to the soggy dirt floor, her clothes instantly caked with mud. She doesn’t seem to mind, though. Tia rests her chin on her knees and closes her eyes. The dark circles around her eyelids aren’t any better, but she’s started eating again, swallowing every tiny mouthful with grim determination, and she stopped crying long ago. I think sometimes I don’t have to hold her together, though I still do. She’s got enough steel in her will and stubbornness in her heart to keep her from succumbing. She won’t let anything beat her, not this new Tia.
What will happen when Horatia realises she doesn’t need me at all?
 I draw an arm around her and think I can’t keep being so selfish. I have to stop thinking about how every single thing that happens will affect me.
Yeah, things are bad for me right now. Everything has changed. I’ve lost my home—I should be glad to have lost my home. I don’t want to go back to the rations and rules but I miss the … stability, the predictability of it. I’ve lost people I love, lost my family. Thalia. Wes. John, wherever he is. It feels like the weight of the whole universe is pressing me into the mud face first, holding me down until I choke. 
Suffocation, that’s what it feels like, to be always surrounded by grieving people but not to allow yourself to grieve with them, to be wracked with guilt but to never let a single crack form in the shell you’re wearing because it might make your family even worse. It feels like all the oxygen in the air has burned away and I’m gasping and gaping wide open, like some kind of fish washed up from the Thames. But only on the inside. Never, never, on the outside.
 People have died and I feel responsible, am responsible. But none of that is even half as bad as loving a person the way Horatia loved Marrin and having to live when they are dead. If Tia can keep going, I can keep going, and I can suffer silently.
I splash a handful of water over my face, fill a bottle I found along the trek, and help my sister stand. She tips forward but finds balance with her palms against my chest. She must be able to feel my heart beating under her fingertips, beating for her and her alone. I’m not like Tia—I can’t keep on living no matter what. I’m not strong. I don’t endure. If it weren’t for my sister I’d have lost my life in the Fall. She’s the only reason I fought, the only reason I’m still trudging on now when all I really want is to stop. 
“I love you,” I tell her. “I’m here if you need me.” I tip her face up with fingers that could be gentler and wait for her eyes find mine. She stares, glassy, right through me. “You have to tell me what to do, Tia. I’ll do whatever you need to stop this … this pain, but you have to tell me,” I plead. “You have to speak.”
She shakes her head, stringy hair spilling around her.
“Okay,” I sigh. Maybe what Tia needs right now is for me to leave her alone.
Over my sister’s shoulder I see Branwell, his calves buried in the water. He’s staring at the still pool like it hides the answer to life itself. I also see Hele watching me and my sister with a sad smile. I wish people would stop feeling sorry for me—it’s not a feeling I like, being pitiful, pathetic—but I can’t really expect them to stop pitying me until I stop pitying myself. 
I try to conjure the feeling of when Tia was chosen on Victory Day, when I knew she had left me willingly and thought she was working for Officials, when everything was dark and hopeless but I was fighting anyway. I had a purpose then: I was determined to find my sister and rescue her from the military. And I think that made me strong. But what purpose do I have now?
Horatia is missing now as much as she was then. But there are no Officials to protect her from, no military to fight or run from. I can’t save her from loss when it has become everything she is. To save my sister I’d have to fight my sister. Nothing about this is the tiniest bit possible.
I need to just … get away from everything. Just for a minute. But what do I need? I look between Bran and Hele with indecision, torn between Hele’s gentle reassurance and Branwell’s steady friendship. Eventually, I trudge through the water to Bran.
I’m not sure being with Branwell will make me feel any better, but it might distract me for a minute. At least his loss is separate to my own, unlike Tia’s, which only amplifies the ache in my chest. Grief is everywhere. It’s inescapable. It isn’t something I can stab or shoot at, and no matter how far we run or how deep underground we hide, it will always creep inside and find us. How can I stop it?
And how am I supposed to stop it when it’s slowly creeping up on me too, elbowing its way into my dreams and tormenting my subconscious with images of my family whole and happy. 
The murky water has soaked into my jeans, freezing damp crawling up my legs. I’ve only been in the pool a minute and I already want out.
“Bran?”
He’s staring blankly, almost as vacant as my sister on a bad day, his curling brown hair wet and stuck to his cheekbones. His green eyes have shadows around them, much darker than the circles around Tia’s. How could I have missed this? He’s not sleeping, that’s obvious, but that brings a rush of questions to the front of my mind. Is he eating? Is he drinking? Is he talking? Has he become mute, too?
“Yes?” His voice is flat, but I breathe with relief.
“You okay?”
“Yes.” 
I touch his arm where his sleeve has been rolled up, half expecting him to flinch. He doesn’t. His skin is a freezing shock, and I glance at his arm instinctively. At first I mistake the contrast of my brown hand against his arm as the usual difference between black and white, but I realise his skin is deadly pale. His pallor, his temperature … if he stays in the water like this he might kill himself.
The only way I can think to get him out of the water is bodily dragging him. I eye him, wondering what the best way to grab him is, and how to pick him up without breaking my back—but then the hands that were balled into fists at Branwell’s sides uncurl, his arms hanging suddenly limp, and he seems to come back to himself. He draws in a ragged breath, still watching the water as if it’s gonna perform some kind of miracle, and says, “No. I’m not okay.”
Taking speech as encouragement, I grip his shoulders and try to turn him. But he won’t budge. He feels as solid as a building.
“We used to visit a place like this when we were children.” Branwell gestures at the other side of the pool where murky grass meets murky sky. I slip off my no-longer-white jacket and tuck it close around Bran’s shoulders. I doubt it’ll help much but it feels like the right thing to do. “It was a lake, I think,” he goes on. “Much bigger than this. I used to dive into the water and come home dripping, tracking water down all the corridors. It drove Nancy mad. My father always laughed. He said I was discovering the world by a hands-on approach, as opposed to Bennet’s observe-from-a-distance approach. Benny would scowl and haul me to my room to dry off. And to berate me for being so childish.”
He looks at me then, finally, and his lips form a smile that cuts right through my heart. He says, “She’s dead, isn’t she? My sister?”
“No.” I don’t know. I haven’t even thought about it. I’m so crushed by my own troubles that I forgot Bran’s were even worse. “You got to Forgotten London alright. I’m sure she’s just … somewhere else.”
Bran looks at me steadily. “You don’t believe that. But you’re saying it to make me feel better, which I appreciate.”
I watch him slip his arms into the coat sleeves, surprised at it fitting him. I thought it’d be much too big, since he’s so short, but for the first time I notice muscles along his arms and shoulders, straining at the Guardians jacket. I kinda assumed he was skinny all over without really looking. “Did it make you feel any better?” I ask.
“Not a bit. But thank you for trying.”
“No problem.” I turn back to land, hoping Bran will follow. Tension releases me when takes a step without a second’s hesitation. “Anytime you want a pointless attempt to help, you know where to find me.”
He laughs, sloshing through the lake. Timofei is standing by the water’s edge when we emerge, giving us a sharp look. 
“Not the best time for a swim,” he says.
“Sorry,” Bran murmurs. “It’s entirely my fault.”
“Well—”
I don’t care what Timofei has to say. Bran thinks his sister is dead. He doesn’t need anyone making him feel worse. I narrow my eyes at the long haired Guardian, giving him the darkest look I can manage as I lead Bran away from him.
“Are you okay?” Branwell asks, watching me from the corner of his eye.
“Yeah. Of course.”
“You could do me the decency of not lying. Are you lying to yourself as often as you lie to everyone else?”
I don’t say anything because I don’t have to.
“Well.” His hand comes down on my shoulder, anchoring me. “You needn’t lie to me. I feel a bit of what you feel. We have both lost our sisters, but we’ll get them back. Horatia will emerge from her depression and I will find Bennet wherever she has ended up.”
“You don’t believe that,” I say, repeating his words from earlier.
He kicks the damp grass and mud sprays in front of us. Up ahead I can see Tia with Hele and Dalmar. I don’t run to her. She isn’t the only person I need to spend time with, I’ve realised.
A brief burst of pain makes me jolt. I turn to my friend in shock. “Did you just poke me in the arm?”
“You’re supposed to thank me for attempting to make you feel better.”
“You were trying to make yourself feel better.”
“You should thank me regardless. It’s good manners.”
“Thank you, Branwell.” I aim a deadpan expression at him, letting more and more sarcasm drip into my voice with every word. “You made me feel so much better about myself. Whatever would I do without you?”
Bran rolls his eyes.
I smile to myself as we walk on.

***

Branwell

18:07. 11.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Harwich.


We settle in a town that used to be called Harwich when it was inhabited. It smells of the sea, all bitter salt, with an underlying musty scent that reminds me of my father’s attic. Roads are framed by narrow houses that huddle together against powerful gusts of wind. It’s not the most unpleasant of places, but it could be better, cleaner. Abandoned houses litter every street, which means I don’t have to endure another night of half-sleeping on the packed earth, startling awake every few minutes because a breeze has crept over my face and my paranoid mind thinks insects are crawling over me. Still, the pervading silence is about as unnerving as the dead coming back to life.
Eventually the chatter of Guardians helps alleviate the eerie quiet, becoming a loud crescendo as disagreements arise. I gather that most Guardians want nothing but to sleep, but the council are making them work first on clearing out cluttered buildings, making a kitchen usable, and stocking important buildings with their supplies before they can rest. Honour, his family, and I are somewhat separate from the main huddle of Guardians so we escape to a quiet road without anyone protesting.
We stumble in an exhausted daze past terraced houses that would surely have been picturesque in their prime. They’ve fallen into disrepair now, with exteriors weathered and windows broken, much like everything else we’ve seen on this unending trek. I follow Honour who follows Miya into a tall, thin house with crumbling sage-green paint, hollow windows, and an open doorway that gapes like a desperate mouth.
Inside I find relics of life—an arm chair on its side, picture frames smashed on the floor, an overturned table with tea cups and old newspapers lying beside it. I stoop to pick up one of the broadsheets, accidentally unseating a family of rats. I jump back with a screech, fear adding speed to my heartbeat. Miya shoves past my arm, retrieves the paper, and offers it to me with an exasperated glance.
Thanking her, I turn my focus to the date of the newspaper. 17th of September 2015. The air tastes like dust when I suck in a sharp breath. I’m strangled with a reminder that I’m far from my home, that I am decades in the future in a world without hope. Despair must show on my face because Miya slaps my arm in her alternative to an embrace. She says, “It could be worse, you could be dead.”
She’s right, of course. I am alive. I’m thankful for that. Still, there’s a deep unease slumbering behind my ribs that won’t be shifted. Wandering through these isolated towns and vast, empty fields, along sun-cracked roads and dirt trails as old as time, I’ve somehow managed to convince myself that nothing was amiss, that I could have existed in any era. Being without futuristic technology for the past week, with nothing glaringly modern anywhere in sight, I’ve convinced myself I was home. But this isn’t the nineteenth century. This isn’t my home at all.
Being stranded here hurts even more the second time I’ve had to discover it. I wish I’d never forgotten, wish I never had to remember all over again.
I throw the newspaper back to the floor and weave my way around the furniture to find Honour and the others. Miya is watching me curiously and at a loss for conversation, I press my lips together into a reluctant smile. She looks dumfounded, unsure how to respond. Eventually she decides on a glare, which seems to be something Miya falls back on. A natural state of sorts. It’s not the darkest glare I’ve seen her turn on a person, however, which I take to mean she doesn’t wish me true harm. I feel oddly privileged. Miya is an enigma I cannot unravel, but what I do know is that she is brave and fierce and loves her siblings very much. She has a great deal of my respect for that.
I’m so caught up in my thoughts that I stumble into a wooden table. The kitchen is cluttered with bodies, and although everyone looks about ready to drop there is a suspended moment of silence filled with relief. Relief to finally finally be static and appreciate the simple fact that we are all in one piece.
“There are a few bedrooms upstairs,” says Yosiah after what must have been five minutes of comfortable, blessed silence. He looks to Miya for permission and then frees her brother from where he has fallen asleep in a chair, the boy looking small and fragile in Yosiah’s arms. Miya nudges her sister until the girl takes her hand and then the four of them clatter up the carpeted stairs in the hallway, calling soft goodbyes and see you in the mornings.
“Four.” Honour’s rasp cracks the silence. He scratches the side of his head, leaving a mess of hair sticking up above his ear. “There are four rooms. They’ll take one, which leaves three.”
I sense his eyes on me. Looking up, I say, “I don’t mind sleeping in the sitting room.” The arm chair looks comfortable enough, even if it’s a little dusty. I’d be happy to curl up and sleep anywhere.
“You won’t have to.” He comes around the table to lean against the worktop next to me. Heat bleeds into my arm where his shoulder touches mine. “Tia and I will be in one, Dal and Hele in another, and you can have the third.” He manages a weary smile. “I’ll even let you pick which one.”
Dalmar chuckles, shaking his head at Honour. His golden hair has been blown into disorder by the coastal wind outside. “Who died and made you king of the house?”
“Good question.” Honour plucks an old, unopened letter from the counter, brushing dust from it. “Alan Montgomery.” He smirks at Dalmar, mirth in his eyes. “Alan Montgomery died and made me king of the house.”
Hele breezes across the kitchen and takes the envelope from him. She fixes him with a look of severe disapproval. “Don’t disrespect the dead, Honour Frie.”
“Why not? They’re dead, they don’t care.”
“I care.” She uses the sharp end of the envelope to point at him. “And so should you. How would you feel if someone was laughing about your sister’s death?”
Honour hangs his head, the cocky amusement vanishing as quickly as it came. As much as I agree with Hele, I’m sad to see Honour’s bright personality leave him for the downtrodden one I’ve become used to. The transformation is so drastic, so obvious, that it adds to the ache in me. An abrupt urge to reach out and hug him comes over me, a desire to comfort my friend when he’s so clearly in need of it.
I hear Dalmar and Hele say goodnight as if through ears stuffed with cotton wool. When my attention focuses back on the wooden cabinets, grimy curtains, and speckled floor of the here and now, Horatia has left too.
Honour is rummaging through a cupboard stocked with paper boxes. I watch him select a pale yellow box and turn his attention to one of the long backpacks we’ve been carrying across the country. He gets out the little stove we use to heat food and purify water, along with a small, scratched canister of gas, with a hiss of triumph.
“Want a cup of tea?” he asks, assembling the stove on the table top.
I slump into a chair and kick off my boots. “Only if it won’t poison me.”
“It’s only tea. It might taste old and rank but it won’t kill us.” The stove comes to life with a rumble, a ring of tiny flames glowing orange. He sets a cracked pot of water to boil before pulling out a chair opposite me. It fills the kitchen with a God awful screech. “I hope it won’t kill us.”
“There are worse ways to die.”
He hums in agreement, slouching forward and resting his head on his arms. When his eyelids flutter shut, I carefully move the stove away so he won’t accidentally catch himself on the boiling pot.
“You don’t need to look after me.” His voice is caught on a yawn. “I already have Hele to fuss over me.”
“I wasn’t fussing.”
He cracks one eye open and gives me a look. He reminds me of a cat, baleful and sleepy. “You were fussing.”
I take the water from the stove, turning the gas off before we waste too much, and wage a silent disagreement while I make the tea. There’s no cream or sugar, so the tea tastes bland but it’s better than anticipated, warm lemon simmering on my tongue. I push a mug across the table to Honour but he’s dropped off, snoring softly with his mouth half open and his cheek against the wood. So much for sharing a late night tea.
The tea gets cooler as I wait for Honour to wake, watching his fingers twitch at something in a dream. I’m amazed at him falling asleep so quickly, but I find the table top isn’t so unappealing a bed as the ground was these past three days.
I give his shoulder a gentle shake but he’s sleeping so deeply that he doesn’t stir. If he were several pounds lighter I might consider carrying him upstairs to a real bed, but I doubt I’d get through the kitchen door with Honour in my arms before something disastrous happened. I have a vision of knocking his head against the doorframe.
“What in the world am I supposed to do with you?” I whisper, pillowing my head on my arms. Before I realise what is happening, sleep has curled around my shoulders. The kitchen and the sage-green house fritter away. 

***

Miya

00:59. 12.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Harwich.


I’m there again—on the train. Another version of myself stands at Yosiah’s side, her life falling apart when she sees the resolute expression on his face. I’m somewhere in the crowd, watching myself. I don’t want to watch. I know what will happen. 
I have to stop it.
I have to stop him jumping. He’s not going to make it to the next train.
I wipe my sweaty palms on my jeans and shove through the crowd of Guardians. Every scream burns my throat as I order everyone to move, but nobody even glances at me. I keep pushing and pushing through the bodies, shouting myself hoarse, but the Guardians never seem to end. I’m not getting any closer to Siah. I’m invisible and made of air. I’m not going to make it.
I grab a hand rail and vault myself into the air, straining to see above the river of heads. Yosiah’s white Guardian jacket billows around him as he hurls himself out of the train and into the darkness of the underground tunnel beyond. The last thing I see is his dark hair, whipping wildly with the wind of the tunnel. And then nothing. No Siah. Just the train doors and a gap of midnight between them.
The scream that comes from my throat is inhuman.
I slip to the floor and my efforts to push and shove become more desperate, more violent. I punch a guy in the stomach but he doesn’t move an inch. I scream but he doesn’t react. I’m trapped here, rooted to the grey plastic floor, while Yosiah dies on the train tracks. I want to go with him, to die with him, but I can’t move.
I start to sob, and then I’m thrown into the present.


“I’m here,” Yosiah whispers. He crushes me against his chest. 
I don’t realise that my cries have spilled out of my dream for a while. It takes me even longer to realise that I’m choking on Yosiah’s name with each breath. “I’m here,” he says, again and again. “I’m here.” It takes a hundred heartbeats for it to sink in. He’s not on the train or dying in the tunnels. He’s here and he’s okay.
“It’s just a dream,” he murmurs.
“No, it’s not.” I shake my head, ignoring how weak my words come out. Yosiah’s eyes are steady, dim light catching his golden irises. Looking into them calms me. I speak the next words without a sob. “It’s not just a dream. It happened.”
His fingers run over my cheeks, my jaw; my eyes close. “Tell me.”
“The train … when you jumped.”
“I’m not there anymore. I’m here.”
“I thought you were gonna die.”
“I know.”
It’s quiet for a long time. I use the silence to sort out my thoughts, to line them up in some kind of order. Ten minutes could have passed before I speak again. I make fists of Siah’s shirt and say in a voice stronger than I feel, “You cannot. Do that. Again. You can’t just run off and risk your life. I know you’ll want to and I know you’ll try, but if you ever feel like doing anything as fucking stupid as that again I’ll kill you. We’re supposed to be friends, Siah. We tell each other things like that. We don’t hide them. But if you ever do anything so suicidal again—”
“I won’t.” I can hear the promise in his voice. He slides his hands over my shoulders and down my spine to press me against him. I expect the usual sick nervousness to come, the urge to get away from his smothering touch, but it doesn’t. Siah’s closeness is welcome. Right now I need it. The nightmare made every emotion in me turn to fear, and I don’t want to lose the bit of comfort his arms give me.
“What happens when you want to do something like that again?” I murmur, looking down at my hands. “What’s gonna happen when you leave again?”
He goes perfectly still. “I’ll take you with me.”
“Why didn’t you take me with you before?”
“There wasn’t time.” 
A flash of irritation makes me want to argue, to shout, to shove him away, but I daren’t. I press my face hard against his shoulder. “What if there isn’t time again?”
He tightens his hold on me, his palms hot against the small of my back. “I’ll make time”
“What if—”
“Miya.” He kisses my hair and all my arguments turn to ash. “I’m not leaving. I learned my lesson; I’m meant to be with you. I won’t separate us again.”
I close my eyes, inching my arms around his waist until I’m flush against him. He’s too warm but I don’t want to move. I say, “You’d better not.”
After a while of nothing being said and of neither of us moving, I detangle my limbs from his. A note of unease has worked its way into me now my fear has receded. “This is supremely fucked up.”
He watches me closely, his hands now pressed together in his lap. “What is?”
“How dependant I am on you. I’m supposed to be tough and independent and scared of nothing but …” I turn my face out of the light, move out of reach. “The thought of losing you rips me apart.” 
I feel equal parts shame and dread, hearing it said out loud.
“Miya. Do you think I can survive without you? Do you think I’m not the exact same? When I jumped, when I went to help those people I knew exactly what I was doing and I knew what to do. But as soon as we were out of immediate danger, I fell apart. I didn’t know what to do, how to do anything without you beside me. You’re always with me, and that’s the way I want it, the way I need it.” He takes an unsteady breath. The bed dips as he crosses the space I put between us to touch my shoulder. This time it does make me uneasy, but comfort like this, touching, is something Siah needs. And he hates talking about things this way, all deep and devastating. If he can bear the words for me, I can bear the touch for him.
 “I’m not leaving you again,” he says, “because I can’t. I don’t function without you and I’m too selfish to want to. So you don’t have to worry.”
It takes a minute of listening to the night, of focusing on my breathing, for me to calm down enough to think a single clear thought. Relief and heartache is all tied up in me, and I can’t explain either of them to myself.
“Wow,” I whisper. “Glad you got that out?”
His laughter sighs over the back of my neck. “Yes, actually.”
I hide a tiny smile in the dark, my fears put to rest by his desperate rant.
He asks, “Do you think you can sleep again?”
“Probably.” I don’t think I’ll have another nightmare tonight. I think Yosiah has chased them away. I stretch my arms to kill the stiffness in them and crack my knuckles before lying back down on my side, snickering at Siah’s disgusted groan.
“Why do you do that?” he grumbles, lying beside me.
“Because you hate it so much.”
He closes a hand around my hip and pulls my back against his chest. “Well, stop it.”
That’s asking for it. He knows he’s asking for it. I crack my fingers, slowly, drawing out every tiny pop so it pisses him off even more.
“Go to sleep.”
“Why? The night is young, Yosiah.”
The hard point of his chin prods my shoulder blade. “Are you scared to go back to sleep? I’ll wake you if you have another nightmare. If you want, I can stay awake just in case.”
“It’s fine, Siah.” It’s not a hundred percent fine but I’m not freaking out anymore. I still feel like he might disappear any minute but it doesn’t feel like someone’s squeezing the life out of my heart. I’m about to tell him this when he wraps an arm around my middle. My body prickles with discomfort and awareness.
He says, “So you’ll know I’m here.”
“Okay.” It might help. I don’t know. I don’t hate having Siah this close but at the same time I want to shove him away. I’m getting sick of my feelings making no sense. I breathe and breathe and breathe until I’m steadier, then let my limbs relax. I can feel Yosiah’s chest moving, hairs rising on the back of my neck with every breath. It’s not comfortable, but I’ll get used to it.
I lie awake with my eyes closed until Yosiah falls asleep. Then I carefully turn around to watch him. If I can convince myself that this is real and he didn’t die in the underground tunnels, that I didn’t die in the tunnels and everything since has been some kind of afterlife dream, I’ll be able to sleep easier. 
My eyes swallow everything, crossing off some subconscious tick list. Skin that’s a dark gold in the grey light. Veins that cover fragile eyelids. An almost-healed scrape on his cheek from the jump in the Underground. An age old dip in his chin. A groove bitten into his bottom lip. A hooked scar on his jaw from a bar fight he lost a year ago. New grazes on his neck and collarbone that I’ve not seen before. 
A fake Yosiah would never have this much detail. This could never be a dream.
I breathe him in, matching his musky scent with days spent close to my best friend. Everything about this Yosiah is the same as my Yosiah. I finally allow myself to believe that it’s him. Something in the back of my head argues that I must have believed it all along or I wouldn’t have let him this close to me or Tom or Livy. I shrug off all my inner voices, finally feeling tired again.
Careful not to disturb Yosiah, I lie back. In this room in a lost town I start to feel dangerously content.
Yosiah shifts in his sleep until he’s flat on his back. I watch him a minute longer, just to make sure he’s definitely asleep, before I curl up against his side. This close he smells rank, days of sweat from walking and limping and staggering layered on his skin. I press my face against him, the last strings of tension releasing me. He smells like nights spent dozing on the streets of Forgotten London, when I discovered that a home is more than a thousand bricks stacked together in a square, when I made Yosiah my home.

***

Branwell

08:04. 12.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Harwich.


Honour and I spend the morning ransacking the sage-green house for anything that could be useful. Being antiques of an abandoned world, everything is predictably out of date, but some things are salvageable. Everything we can make use of is thrown into Honour’s backpack and my satchel—something Alba only returned to me two days ago when she decided I was to be trusted. A half-used bar of soap wrapped in a sheet of newspaper is nestled beside the bracelet that brought me to this time, my father’s journals, and the Cure.
I wrap a shard of glass from a broken photo frame in an orange scarf. We may have reached this part of England without trouble but I expect it will catch up with us at some point. There will be no such thing as too many weapons when that time comes. I take everything I can imagine doing damage and hope that preparation will save my life.
I reach for a metal hip flask but Honour gives me a misshapen clear bottle instead, saying it will hold more. He hands me another bottle and drops three more into his own bag. No matter what the next part of our journey throws at us, I’m glad we won’t have to keep scooping water from rivers at least.
In the kitchen I find a box of tools in a cluttered cupboard; I take four of them—the only tools I recognise—because the future could hurl any number of unknown tasks at me. A screwdriver never goes amiss. Honour unearths a first aid kit and a dozen dull knives. He saves the knives to give to the others.
With my satchel stocked with improvised weapons, hygiene products, shirtsleeves that look to be about my size, and a tattered copy of A Midsummer Night’s Dream, I collapse into the arm chair in the sitting room, wishing this house was bigger so I’d have more to occupy myself with. I’m fine when I have something to keep my mind busy but as soon as I have time to think, all my troubles and terrors return to drown me.
Bennet is dead.
I have acknowledged that now but it’s impossible for me to accept it.


12:17. 12.10.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Harwich.


Alba and the Guardians have wrangled a ship from somewhere in the harbour. We are due to sail to an abandoned town farther up the coast and then make our way by foot to our true destination—the town of Manchester, where a band of survivors have been living for years independent of the Officials. This is news to even the people from Forgotten London, who respond to the statement with disbelief and outrage.
“If people have been living there all this time, why didn’t you take us to them sooner?”
“There was no way past the fence,” Alba answers coolly. “Once we were trapped inside the only way to escape was to do what we did—destroy the town. If we’d have attempted to escape before we did, even more people would have been lost to the Fall—you perhaps.”
“We should still have tried,” mutters a boy no older than me.
“You’re free now.” Timofei’s sharp voice cuts through the muttering. “You should be grateful for that.”
Another Guardian says something but his words are blown into the sea. Others must have heard him, however, because a ruckus rises. I strain to pick out what they’re arguing about but until there’s a lull in the wind I hear nothing. In the sudden quiet I catch a vicious string of words that has me gasping.
“He’s not to blame!” a girl yells. “We’d still be locked in there if he hadn’t found us. We’d be dead!”
A woman adds her voice to the crescendo. “Yeah! Did you forget States were going to kill us, James? Would you rather be dead? I can arrange that.”
“I’d love to see you try, Jessi.”
“Enough!” Alba’s voice has worn thin. “You are Guardians and you will act like it or so help me—”
“We’re people too, Alba,” says a dark haired man a little in front of me. He’s several years older than most of the people here, his voice brittle. “We’re allowed opinions—we’re not Officials.”
“Yes, thank you, Kyle. And you’re right; you are allowed opinions, as long as you’re quiet and inoffensive about it. James, however”—presumably Alba points at the boy I first heard, the one with the nasty mouth—“was being downright malicious and there’s no need for it.”
At Alba’s next words everything snaps into place. 
“Every one of us is equal now. Guardian, civilian, leader, follower. We’re all homeless, we’ve all lost people, and not one of us knows what will happen next. But to put all of your anger and blame on Honour is wrong and it will get you nowhere. We have to be a whole unit. We can’t be turning on anyone. There are only seventy of us left and we’re weak in our small number—but sticking together will make us stronger. Internal conflict will only make us easier to break when the Officials find us.”
She looks at the people in the front of the crowd, her eyes settling on each person in turn. “This is hard enough without you fighting each other. I assure you that every single person feels bad enough already without being laid into.” Her eyes drift in the direction of the vicious James. “Attack anyone again, verbally or physically, and you’ll be left here without help.”
With that she turns and heads up a set of wooden steps onto a blue-hulled ship. A white, three-tiered eyesore sits above the deck, filled with windows that glare like narrowed eyes, and a string of all the nations’ flags flaps in the sea breeze above them. The name Clelia II is picked out in silver on its side.
We were told that a team of their technologists and pilots have almost figured out how to captain it, but I’m still dubious about boarding. I’m literally placing my life in the hands of men and women who are making things up as they go along. But if I don’t go with the Guardians I stay here alone, with no direction, purpose, or friends to speak to.
I turn the collar of my jacket up against the sea wind and fix my attention on Timofei as he informs us about the long voyage ahead, detailing everything from the route to the layout of the ship. Most of what he tells us is surplus to requirements. I don’t care how many boiler rooms there are.
I tune him out, focusing instead on Honour. His short hair is stuck up in all directions, sweat rolling down the curve of his nose despite the coldness of being so close to sea. He doesn’t look well but that’s what sleeping hunched over a table will do for you. He catches me watching him and tilts his head inquiringly.
“Ever been on a ship before?” I ask.
Honour scrubs a hand through his hair, mussing it even more. “No.”
“Not looking forward to it?”
“How is it safe? Shouldn’t it like … fall over? Or sink? I don’t understand. It’s just a bit of metal.”
“A bloody big bit of metal.”
He looks at me sharply, a spark of true apprehension in his eyes.
“It won’t sink, I promise you. And it won’t fall over either. Ships are made to be on the sea.”
“Right.” He scratches the back of his neck. “Sure. Of course. I still don’t understand.”
“Do you trust my word?”
He meets my eyes, searching. “Mostly.”
“Then I give you my word—the ship is perfectly safe.” I don’t voice my concerns about the crew; I hardly think Honour needs more fuel for his fright.
Timofei and another Guardian leader whose name I don’t know gesture for us to board the ship and the fledgling smile drains from Honour’s face. “I’ve changed my mind,” he says. “I don’t trust you at all.”
“Come on.” I take hold of his elbow. “We can get on this thing together. Horatia can take your other side and you’ll be safe in the middle.”
As we step onto the walkway, Honour’s body tenses, his shoulders locking. It’s slow going but eventually we make it onto the ship. Honour’s breath escapes him all at once when we’re herded down a corridor and into a wide ballroom. There are windows framing one side of the room through which the sea can be spotted, but with Honour’s back to that wall I suppose it could look like an ordinary room. He calms.
“Thanks,” he says, shaking his head. “I don’t know why I freaked out like that.”
“It’s no problem.”
He apologises to his sister, dipping his voice so their conversation is private as Timofei calls the room to quiet. Everyone is on board the ship now, even spiteful James, and we’re free to move into our rooms or stay to help tidy the ‘common rooms’ to a liveable state.
There are only twenty bedrooms so each chamber must be shared between three or four people. That in itself is problematic.  I assume Yosiah, Miya, and her siblings will share a room and Honour and his sister will share another with Dalmar and Hele, which leaves me in a room with strangers. 
Honour looks like a wounded animal as he explains to me that there are only four beds in his bedroom and none of those are free for me to sleep in. Yosiah offers his bed to me, insisting he doesn’t mind sleeping on the floor, but I can’t take a bed from someone and keep a clear conscience. 
So when everyone branches off, I leave my jacket and satchel in the room next to Honour’s and hope that will let people know that I’ve claimed a bed. I slip The Cure into the pocket of my trousers because I promised myself I would never part from it, and then I close the metal door behind me, following the cold, grey corridor toward the noise of many voices. It feels strange to be alone, despite always being independent at home. I’ve been cocooned in friendship these past few weeks, I suppose. It’s changed me a little.
The boat gives a gentle lurch and my hands automatically reach for the walls for stability, but it readies itself before a major disaster can happen. I suppose that means we’ve left Harwich, the port surrendered us to the greater mouth of the ocean. The sight of bustling Guardians in varying shades of grey that were once white keeps me from dwelling on the insecurity of the water.
The beige room is grand and packed with people. Plush carpet covers the floor, matching the muted walls, and there are a number of round dining tables, some chipped and others ruined entirely but all clearly of fine quality. Some Guardians are righting the fallen furniture and sweeping up broken glass and crockery, while others move in a flurry, doling out tins of food. I cross the fray to help a girl with a table and between us we hide the scratched old surface with a daffodil yellow tablecloth.
When the room is restored, people fill the chairs and yet more cans of food are given out to those who haven’t eaten. I spoon carrots from a tin that was only half full when I was given it. My stomach growls, either in gratitude at something to eat or despair that there isn’t more. I take a sip of water to wash it down, tasting mostly salt.
When the meal is over and Timofei has again drilled into us what to expect of the coming days, we’re told we can return to our rooms until morning. 
Standing outside the closed door, not knowing who waits for me on the other side, nerves turn my stomach into a tempest. I have to take deep breaths and remind myself that I was never before scared of meeting new people. I shake my head, straighten my shirt, and turn the great circle of a door handle.
Inside, I don’t find what I was expecting—three males, all of huge stature and intimidating aura. Instead there is a girl with white-blonde ringlets and a pale face. She’s perched on a bed suspended from the wall, speaking energetically with both her voice and her hands. On the bed beneath her is the girl who rescued me from imprisonment in the Guardians’ base. She is as unique and attractive as she was then, a watercolour of reds and browns, but her pristine hair is now untamed and there are scrapes and scratches marring her chestnut skin. She somehow manages to be even more interesting than before.
When I step over the threshold the blonde girl stops mid-rant and says, “So that’s whose bag it is.”
“Branwell!” Priya looks so shocked and pleased to see me that I feel awful for not speaking to her before now. I could have found time to spark a conversation with her during the long days of walking.
“Hello,” I say sheepishly, pressing the door shut. “Are we the only people in this room?”
“Yep.” My question is answered by the other girl, the stranger. She jumps down from the bed with leonine grace, white curls bobbing around her shoulders. “It’s just us girls.”
“Marie.” Priya gives the girl a look laced with familiar exasperation. 
Watching the women, I sink onto the hard bed and put the satchel under my pillow. Sleeping on this rock of a mattress ought to be fun. Still, I tell myself, at least it’s clean. 
“We haven’t looked through it,” Priya says quickly. “We left your bag alone.”
“Thank you.” I barely hold off the urge to search through it, checking that everything remains, but I trust Priya. I kick off my stifling boots and hang my coat over the bed’s railing, feeling able to relax for the first time in what feels like a lifetime.
“No problem,” Marie says, yet again speaking for Priya. She produces a pack of playing cards from the depths of her bosom and begins shuffling them. I turn my gaze away, blood rising to my cheeks. “Never seen a woman keep things in her bra before, Branwell?”
“I don’t know what that is.” I’m mortified.  I curl my feet up beneath me, fixated on the floor. 
Priya laughs softly, sitting beside me—at a respectable distance. “Ignore her,” she says. “Marie’s a terror.”
“I am sure she’s no such thing.”
Without warning, Marie flings herself onto my bed, draping her body across mine and Priya’s legs. “Oh, my Lord, how the ladies must swoon! What a compliment!”
“M, get off,” says Priya, unceremoniously shoving the other girl to the floor. “You’re making him uncomfortable.”
“No, no it’s fine,” I rush to say, wiping clammy palms on my trousers.
“In that case I’ll lay back on you.” Marie slinks towards me with intent.
I stand up as fast as my legs will allow. “I’m fine without you … doing that.”
“See!” She throws her hands up. “My case in point! You men think you can try it on with any girl you find attractive and it’ll be alright with her. But as soon as the tables are turned, it’s not alright. It makes you uncomfortable. It’s encroaching on your personal space.” She delivers the last two words with a strange hand gesture. “Funnily enough that’s because it’s not alright when you do it to girls!”
“Try it on with …?” I repeat in confusion. 
“She had a guy give her …”—Priya pauses, searching for words—“unwelcome attention.”
“Oh.”
Marie crosses her arms over her chest. “It was disgusting. And unwanted. But as soon as I told the guy to get the hell away from me, I’m in the wrong! He said it was a compliment. A compliment! To have him leering over me, saying he could straighten me out in no time. Great compliment.”
“I do hope he took your Unwanted Punch To The Face as a compliment,” Priya says, smiling.
“If he didn’t, I’ll just have to keep punching him until he does. That’s the way it works, isn’t it?” Marie catches my blanched face and adds, “Don’t worry. I won’t try it on with you anymore. I was just making a point.”
“M.” Priya regards the girl with fondness, “He’s literally an old fashioned gentleman. He wouldn’t have tried anything anyway. Would you?”
I shake my head rapidly.
“Right.” Marie shrugs one shoulder, her mouth a wry twist. “Well, he’s still a man. He needs to know these things.” She straightens her posture and announces loftily, “It is our duty, as women of the real world, to educate this pathetic boy.”
“Hey, now!” I think I’m quite far from being that pitiful.
“Though he will complain,” she goes on, “we must do everything in our power to train this weak male and provide him with the knowledge of how things work—how things should work—in this new world.”
“You are insane,” I declare.
“And you’re a time travelling freak of nature.” She smiles a huge, toothy grin. “So, BFFs?”
I look to Priya for answers. She says, “Just agree with her.”
“Okay.” I could be signing my life away in this moment and I wouldn’t know it. Not having a clue what it means, I say, “BFFs.”

***

Miya

00:11. 13.10.2040. The Free Lands, Eastlands coastline.


I’m thrown into the middle of another night by another nightmare. This time instead of Yosiah jumping into the darkness of the train tunnel, it was my mother yelling that I had ruined everything. I use the bottom of my vest to wipe the sweat from my face and push her voice from my mind. It wasn’t my fault. It was hers.
I slide out of bed, careful to be quiet so I don’t wake anyone, and pad to the door in the corner of the room. The bathroom attached to our room is blessedly cool. The cold pricks bumps along my bare arms as I fumble in the darkness for the tap. It creaks as I turn it, loud enough for me to wince, and water spurts into the sink. 
I splash my face with water, using some of it to slick my hair out of my face. After a minute or so of just standing in the small room, slowly calming down, I step back into the bedroom. My body collides with a dark figure. My heart slams into overdrive.  I throw a punch, putting my body into the blow the way the Guardians do, but a callused hand grabs my wrist before I can connect. I’m pulled forward so hard and fast that I’m crushed against a bony body, familiar arms coming around my shoulders.
I drop my fist, relaxing. I’d recognise the shape and scent of him anywhere. Siah holds me close, his hands shaking against the bumps of my spine.
“I couldn’t find you,” he breathes.
An out of place hitch in his voice has my hands following the silhouette of his body until I find his face. His cheeks are wet, his eyes closed. I run my thumbs over his cheekbones, brushing away tears that he never, never, should be crying because of me. He shudders.
“As if I would leave you,” I say. I’m fuming at myself for not realising how scared he was. All I’ve been bothered about was my own paranoia. I never thought his might be as bad, even when he told me he couldn’t survive without me last night.
I lean onto the tips of my toes and do something I’d never have thought to do until Yosiah jumped into the tunnel. I kiss his forehead. I didn’t realise just how much things had changed until now, how much Yosiah had changed. That tunnel didn’t just turn me into a mess, it is haunting Siah as well.

***

Honour

10:30. 13.10.2040. The Free Lands, Eastlands coastline.


I lean against the railing outside our room, Horatia beside me gazing at the endless water and fiddling with the thick braid of her hair. The waves are locked in battle, charging at each other again and again and again. So far the ship has been steady but the sea has other ideas. My stomach clenches painfully as we’re rocked more forcefully.
Miya’s brother barrels past us, screeching with laughter as Miya chases him. “Fine!” she yells as he disappears around the front of the boat. “Don’t expect me to come looking for you when you get lost!”
She pulls at her hair, turning around with a half-grimace-half-smile that drops as soon as she looks past me. I follow her eyes and jolt into action. Tia is doubled over, her hands on her stomach and her forehead creased in pain.
“Tia? Tia, what’s wrong?”
She clenches her teeth against a moan.
“Is it the sea? The rain?”
She shakes her head, gritting her teeth. A few second pass before she unfolds herself, leaning against the railing as if nothing is wrong, as if she hasn’t just been paralysed by pain. I touch her cheek and she turns her face into my hand; her eyes tell me not to worry but I don’t believe them.
“Tell me,” I say, knowing she won’t.
A minute later she grasps her stomach again and turns her back on me.
“Oh.” Miya slaps me on the shoulder and drags me away from my sister. I struggle but she has a stupidly strong grip. “I’ve got this, Honour. Go take a walk or something.”
“What’s wrong with her?” My voice is hoarse, my stomach roiling again. I tell myself it’s just worry and not the exaggerated motion of the ship.
“Uh. Just …” She gives me a pointed look. “Y’know.”
I shake my head, which makes the sick feeling worse. Dizziness comes from nowhere. “No,” I groan. “Not at all.”
“Ugh. There’s this magical thing that happens to a woman once a month, Honour. It’s called a period. It hurts like a bitch. Be lucky you’re a guy.”
“Oh.” The cold rain feels suddenly scorching.
“Yes. Now go away.” She shoves me down the deck and strides over to Horatia, taking my sister’s arm to tow her into the cabin Miya and her family share.
Ignoring orders to leave, I sink onto the wet deck outside our room.  I tip my face up against the rain, the falling water cooling my face. But my stomach doesn’t feel any better. I’m way too conscious of the sea around me, the creaking and tipping of the ship every two seconds.
A strong wave slams into the boat and the meagre contents of my stomach evacuate into the sea. The retching drains the last of my strength. Once I’m sure the sickness has passed, I flop back onto the wooden boards, my arms and legs spread out. I’m listless and lifeless and lacking the energy to even hold my head up. My mind is screaming that I’m going to die but I keep arguing that I’ll be fine. I’ll be fine.


11:47. 13.10.2040. The Free Lands, Eastlands coastline.


There’s a gentle touch on my head and something soft against my back. It’s a while before I remember the ship, letting go of the dream where I was home. I peel an eye open. Horatia hovers over me, relief in her smile and a wet cloth against my face.
“I’m okay,” I assure her. My eyes are dying to close again but I keep them open with effort. “Come here.” 
Tia settles into my open arms, her head resting on my shoulder like always. Her skin against mine is a freezing shock. “You’re cold.”
When I pull the cover closer around her shoulders, she stops me with a little shake of her head. It takes a second to work out what she means: Tia isn’t cold, I’m just really warm. High fever—Strains symptom. My throat gets tight when I remember the vaccine can kill me any minute. I might have taken it to stop the spread of infection, to stop me killing anyone in the Guardians’ base, and I might not regret it one bit, but I can’t even comprehend being dead. Being gone completely. No more Honour Frie.
 How would Tia cope with losing me as well? She’d have Miya to support her at least. They seem to be friends. And Dal and Hele. I think she’d cope. She’s strong enough. But the thought of being wiped out, cancelled like one of Dalmar’s computer commands … I come face to face with the fact that I’m not just staying alive for my sister like I thought. I don’t want to die. I really really do not want to die.
I want to stay alive for me.
I kick the covers to the floor. “I think,” I say, “I’m sea sick.”
I feel the shape of Horatia’s smile against my shoulder but she doesn’t let loose a word. I understand her silence a bit better now than I did right after we left F.L. It’s Tia’s way of protecting herself, of dealing with her loss. I think in time she’ll speak again, when her grief at Marrin’s death is less painful.
I recognise the spiral of guilt and darkness before it can take hold, and stop myself from thinking that painful thought. It makes no difference now. Even if I’d thought of a way to get Marrin to come with us in the past, it doesn’t change the present. He’s gone. I have to begin accepting that. I might be to blame for his death but tormenting myself with wishes and regrets won’t fix the gap he’s left behind. It won’t help Tia.
I need to get a grip. I won’t let anything break me down, not until we’re out of danger.
I indulge myself in a selfish hope—I hope we’re not staying on this Island. I hope the Guardians’ big plan is to get us away from here because I don’t feel safe anywhere in the United Kingdom. I’m not sure I’ll ever feel safe again but I can try to, in a faraway town.
People say Forgotten Paris is nice. Maybe we could go there.
Tia’s palm hits my forehead with a harmless pat. I smile because for once I understand her unspoken words: stop thinking.
I follow her command because she’s my sister, and I fall into a fitful sleep.

***

Branwell

13:21. 13.10.2040. The Free Lands, Eastlands coastline.


“This is a mess,” I say, surveying the room. Everything the Guardians salvaged from the Forgotten London base has been dumped here. There are overflowing cardboard boxes piled in precarious towers, random objects scattered all over the floor, and no small number of spare Guardian clothing. The result of this dumping ground is a dangerous obstacle course to cross. I hop my way into the corner, losing my balance twice, and settle there. 
Marie groans loudly, kicking things out of the way to clear a space for her to sit. “Why is it always us?”
“I don’t know, M.” Priya tucks her arms into her sides, squeezing through a narrow cardboard aisle. “Maybe it’s because we’re the Guardians archivists and this is our job.”
“Maybe I quit,” Marie mutters, gathering her ice-white hair and tying it at the back of her neck. Her teal eyes take in the task before us with defeat.
Priya pats her on the head as she squeezes past. “Maybe you can’t.”
I smile to myself, opening the box before me to rifle through the contents. Unlike the women, I don’t have to be here. This isn’t my job. But what would I have done otherwise? Wasted the day away staring at the smooth silver walls of our room, contemplating my uselessness and my misery? I’d much rather be here, doing something productive. Besides, organising brought me a strange clarity in my father’s attic, when everything was trashed and scattered and I had no option but to sweep everything into order.
I’d like to feel clarity now. Well, what I really want is to be curled up in the window seat in Bennet’s bedroom, her shoulder resting against mine, listening eagerly to whatever cheap paperback I’d picked up that week. But since that’s about as possible as growing wings and flying away from my loss, I’ll accept being in this box room with two girls who are fast becoming my friends. I lean around a cardboard tower to find Priya. “How exactly do we catalogue this?”
She traps her lip between her teeth, casting a look about her. She moves a few boxes to make a circular space on the floor, but a skyscraper chooses that exact moment to topple over, sending a hundred Guardian gloves sailing across the room. Priya tucks her face low, assaulted by a snowfall of kid leather. She laughs a quiet, hopeless laugh. “I have no idea.”
Marie adds to the chaos by making a loud crash. I watch her tip four boxes over, Priya’s clear circle now entirely ruined. Intent on her task and oblivious to mine and Priya’s bewildered stares, Marie uses the side of her body to push a whole group of box towers all at once, backing them against the wall.  When she’s satisfied, apparently having fulfilled her mysterious purpose, she wades back to us and holds four empty boxes up high.
I frown, still confused.
She explains, “One box for books and paper, one for anything we can kill a man with, one for medicines, and one for everything else. Well, for now at least. When these are full, we’ll just empty others.”
Priya regards Marie with awe.
“I know, I know.” Marie plunks to the floor and delves into the pile of objects she unseated. There’s a real mountain of bric-a-brac now, each of us sat at a point of the squashed triangle of mess. I pick up a silver metal tube with thick glass on one end, contemplating it.
“I’m brilliant,” Marie goes on, flicking curls out of her face with unique flair. “A real genius. You can repay me in kind.” She tosses a fork into the box for miscellany and looks up suddenly. “Not you, Branwell. I desire no ‘kind’ from you.”
“Okay? I think?”
She grins. “That’s the spirit.”
I hold up the strange object. “Could this kill a man?”
Priya shuffles around to me, laughing through her nose when she catches the hopeless expression I wear. “That’s a torch, sweetheart.”
“It’s fairly heavy.”
She hides her smile behind her hair. “In an emergency it could hurt someone, but usually we use it for light.”
“Does it work?” Marie asks without looking up. She’s sorting things at a fast pace. “Won’t the battery be dead?”
Priya checks. The battery does indeed turn out to be dead, which sparks a question in me. “Does this ship not run on a battery of some kind?” Everything seems to be fuelled by electricity here.
Marie makes a neutral noise. It sounds very much like ‘meh’ and comes with the one-shoulder-shrug she does often. “It was dead when we found it,” she tells us, her head in the depths of a brown box. “It had to be jumpstarted. I heard Liss complaining about it yesterday.”
“Who’s Liss?” I ask. It’s impossible to remember everyone’s names, no matter how hard I try. There are just too many new faces, new names, and new people to keep track of. I’m doing the best I can but sometimes it doesn’t feel enough.
“The loud one,” Priya and Marie answer in unison, startling a laugh from deep within me. 
Ah. That one. She’s rather hard to miss, even by an impossibly old boy with bad memory. “Is she good with machines?”
Priya gives me a handful of cardboard files, directing me to the paper box. I peek at its contents, seeing nothing but small print on the documents before Priya takes them back with a little shake of her head. “She’s an engineer.”
“Our best,” Marie agrees.
I take initiative and put several more document folders with the other papers. “Engineer. Archivist. How many more jobs are available to a Guardian?”
“It’s basically unlimited. Cook, fighter, electrician … The Guardians are for every kind of person.”
“I thought you were all warriors.”
The boat gives a lurch several times stronger than the gentle movement I’ve become accustomed to. The bare bulb swinging overhead blinks off, and then on again, and then off completely. I clutch the floor uselessly. 
The ship steadies. Eventually the light returns, illuminating the strained expression written across Marie’s face and the way the two girls cling to each other. I push away a bout of jealously. How special it must be to have someone to cling onto when uncertain fear claims you.
 “We are warriors” Priya says softly, picking up a conversation I’d forgotten starting. 
I frown at the sad tone of her voice. “But that’s not all you are.”
“Isn’t it? I came to the Guardians as a librarian, but now I’m a killer, a warrior just like any Guardian fighter.”
“Priya.” Marie’s eyes are wide. She finds Priya’s brown face beneath the sheets of dark hair, taking hold of her chin. I turn my eyes down, an imposter in their personal moment. “You didn’t have a choice.”
“I did.”
“No you did not.”
I recognise Priya’s words and emotions because they match my own. I haven’t forgotten the men I injured and killed in the vault of Underground London Zone. They may have been Officials that were intending to harm me but they were still men. I’m still responsible for their deaths. My regret of that has been overshadowed by my loss of Bennet but it’s still there. I suspect it will be a ghost that will follow me for the rest of my existence, branded into my subconscious like a pirate’s mark. An angry red K for killer.
“None of us had a choice.” My throat is tight but I force the words out.  I pick up a spoon and stare at my warped reflection. “This situation doesn’t give us choices. We are all made killers at some point in our lives.”


19:02. 13.10.2040. The Free Lands, Eastlands coastline.


The rocky shore outside the dining room window is dwarfed by grey, angry waves. The water rushes up the cliff face, staining the light rock a darker colour to match the sky. To match my mood.
“The storm isn’t going anywhere, is it?” murmurs Priya. She’s hunched over the yellow tablecloth, her chin propped on her hand and a weary look about her. 
I shake my head, glowering. The jolting movement of the ship is giving me an upset stomach and the pounding rain has persuaded a headache to explode behind my left eye. “Not anytime soon.”
Marie shrugs indifferently—this girl is always shrugging—as she scrapes a spoon across the bottom of her food tin. “Alba says we’ll be there by tomorrow afternoon anyway.”
I perk up at the information. “Where is there?”
“Some miserable place called Hull where there’s more rain, more wind, and more grey.”
“London was very grey,” Priya points out.
“Yeah, but I never had to see that. I miss my tunnels.”
Priya nudges the blonde girl, her dark eyes mirthful. They take each other’s hands under the table. I’m not sure why they hide the gesture, perhaps because of my presence. I immerse myself in eating to give them a moment of privacy. I’m all too aware of being in the middle of them every second, a perpetual pain in the backside I’m sure.
“Jesus Christ!” I jump halfway out of my seat when a hand falls on my shoulder, spinning around with my heart in my throat. “Oh.” I blink at Honour as he drops into the seat beside me. His forehead shines with sweat, his white shirt transparent around the neckline where moisture has affixed the material to his skin. He’s breathing hard, and my own breaths quicken in response. Is it a Strain? Or has the vaccine finally begun to claim his life? No. I shake my head at myself. No, Timofei said there were no symptoms of that, and sweating, elevated temperature and—I hazard a guess—sickness are all symptoms Honour appears to be experiencing.
I lay the back of my hand against his forehead without thinking, reverting for a second into someone who had a twin sister to care for, someone who would know how to look after a sick friend. 
“Are you alright, Honour?” His temperature is scorching. I remove my hand. “Do you have a fever?”
“Yeah. No.” He drops his head onto my shoulder. “They won’t leave me alone.”
“Who won’t?” Please don’t be delirious, Honour.
“Everyone.” He groans, long and low. It vibrates through my shoulder. “Everyone’s fussing over me—Tia, Dal, Hele, even Yosiah. I’m sick but I’m coping with it, you know? I just … I want a minute to myself. Just a minute.” He yawns, “Your arm’s really cold,” and promptly falls asleep.
I crane my head to frown at my friend, not sure if he’s exceptionally ill or just very tired. Whatever’s wrong with him, he’s fast asleep against me, his body leant over the gap between my chair and his. It’s a wonder he doesn’t fall off. I would put my arm around his back to support him but there’s currently a dead weight drooling on it.
“Honestly,” I murmur, shaking my head.
Marie leans over the table towards us, whispering conspiratorially. “Is he, y’know, completely insane?”
“M!”
I push hair out of Honour’s eyes, the thick strands dripping sweat. “He’s mostly tired, I think, and suffering from a nasty bout of seasickness.”
“Ugh. Don’t let him puke on the table.”
“M.”
“What?” She turns innocent eyes on the brown skinned girl. 
Priya simply swats Marie’s arm.
“Must be hard, right? Starting a revolution.”
“Yes,” I say to myself, watching Honour from the corner of my eye. “It must.” Though the rest of him is unchanged, there’s something about Honour’s glass-brown eyes. They’re not darker exactly, but they appear that way. He looks younger with those heavy eyes. Daunted. Igniting this revolution has not been kind to my friend, though it has brought us together so I can’t despise it completely. It also saved a number of Forgotten London lives, which is no small measure of good, but for the void of darkness it has opened in Honour, I wish it never happened.
“When we get to Bharat,” Marie says, carrying her own conversation. “I’ll start my own revolution. I’ll call it the Femme Fighters, and no boys will be allowed. Sorry, Branwell.”
I don’t glance away from the point where Honour’s face is squashed against my shirtsleeves. I say, “I don’t want to be involved in a revolution, so that’s alright.”
She snorts. “Too bad, you’re in one.”
“Maybe when we get to Bharat you could leave us,” Priya suggests in her silken murmur. “Not—not that I want you to. But if you didn’t want to be a part of our mission to dismantle the Ordering Body, I’m sure our leaders would let you find a home in Bharat. Maybe you could be an archivist like us. You did say you like books.”
I make a noncommittal sound. The truth is I don’t know what I want to do with my future. When I was home, things were simple. I would continue to assist my father with his inventions, and do my own scientific work on the side. When he died, much later in life, I’d take over the house and any estates or businesses we might have left. But now? How can I know what I want to do with my life when I hardly know what my life is?
For a time I planned to use this new life to find my sister, but I doubt there’s hope of that. She’s gone. She’s dead. She has to be.
“I think I will stay in Bharat,” I say. “I’m not cut out for war.”
“I’ve got an idea,” Marie says, her eyes lighting up. “Maybe you could take up knitting.”
“Maybe I will,” I retort. “There is nothing to stop me.”
Priya smothers a laugh with her hand, her brown cheeks tinged slightly red. When the laugh becomes louder, uncontrollable, she rests her head on the table, shoulders shaking. Marie pats her between the shoulder blades, a smirk softened into fondness.
When recovered, Priya says, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to laugh at you knitting, but the image was too funny. I can’t imagine you making scarves and little socks.”
“Neither can I.” My arm is starting to ache under Honour’s weight. I wonder how gently I can wake him. “How long is it until we get to Bharat?” I ask the Guardians.
“Weeks. Months. Who knows?” Marie shrugs. “We need time to plan anyway.”
I raise my head, fighting a frown. “To plan your war?”
She inclines her head, smiling. “To plan our war.”

***

Honour

21:16. 13.10.2040. The Free Lands, Eastlands coastline.


“Honour, we need to talk.” 
Bran’s voice is a shock in the silent cabin. I take my head out of my hands and look at him questioningly. For a second I’m glad he’s here, a welcome distraction from the deep downward spiral of my fears. But then I see his shuttered expression. I can’t think of Bran’s feelings ever being closed off before.
The door closes silently behind him and two unfamiliar girls, one carved of ice, the other of brown stone. The dark girl holds a large book to her chest while the other surveys the room, her surreally bright eyes analytical. I don’t usually pay much attention to people’s eyes but this girl’s have a way of keeping my attention. There’s something not quite right about them.
A sense of being cornered comes over me and I wish I hadn’t pushed Tia to go with Hele and Dal to the common room. I watch Bran lean against the wall, agitation in his posture, and I know I’m not gonna like what is coming.
“What’s going on?”
Bran won’t meet my eyes.
“My name is Priya Vyas.” The girl with the book perches on the edge of Hele’s bed. Her eyes peer out of a small face partially hidden by long black hair. I watch her, wondering if she’s Indian or black or mixed before I catch myself. This girl’s race is none of my business, and it shouldn’t matter anyway. I never liked people asking rude questions about my ethnicity back in F.L., and I never even knew what my ethnicity was. I guessed, of course, but I never had a way of knowing. Not until Hele took me to the Guardians library and showed me a book about my dad, the famous white rebel, and my black mum, who was ‘kind’ and ‘beautiful’.
I couldn’t give a crap about the Unnamed. I already know about him. But I wanna know about my mum—what she believed in, what she wanted for the world. Would she want me and Tia to unite the Forgotten Lands? Would she approve of us being a part of the Guardians’ revolution? Would she rather we’d died in the Fall?
I think sometimes I would.
I see people looking to me at important meetings, or when something goes wrong and plans have to be hastily rewritten. Waiting for me to do something impressive, something great. Something motivating, like the Unnamed would have done. I wish they wouldn’t. It’s too much to expect me to function like an ordinary human, let alone an extraordinary one.
If I’d Fallen, I wouldn’t have any of these expectations, wouldn’t have people waiting for a moment of brilliance that’s never going to come. I wouldn’t be waiting for that moment myself.
I keep thinking maybe today I’ll change. Maybe I’ll find myself. I’ll know what to say and how to say it. I’ll wake up one morning and discover this well of moving words and passionate speeches, just hidden under my damaged, worthless shell. I’ll become someone I actually like, someone I don’t get sick of hearing whine, someone I could even be proud of.
But every day I wake up the same, and every day I lose a little more hope of becoming that person. I guess I’m just stuck this way. Honour Frie: perpetual waste of space.
I’m glad my mum isn’t around to see this, to know me. I don’t need another person to disappoint, even if I have moments where I’m desperate to know about her, to find out where I came from, what the other half of my legacy is. Tia and I are carrying on the Unnamed’s holier than thou rebellion, but we’re also carrying our mother’s story. If only we knew it.
I come back to myself slowly, remembering I’m not alone in this cold cabin, remembering Bran and the two girls. Guardians, I see. Guardians in pristine white. They must have found new clothes somewhere; all our old ones are bordering on unwearable.
Branwell is frowning, a deep crease between his eyebrows. I must have zoned out for more than a second, long enough for it to be obvious.
“Sorry,” I say, pinching the inside of my elbow. “What were you saying?”
The taller Guardian smiles at me, and I see a bit of Horatia’s patience and kindness in her. “I was just introducing us,” she says. “I’m Priya, and this is Marie Fitzgerald.” She motions to the white-haired girl with the weird turquoise eyes. Marie is short and squat, watching me with a narrowed squint that reminds me of Miya on a good day. “She and I are archivists,” Priya continues. “We organise and protect The Guardians’ books and records.”
Marie crosses the room in three long strides that defy her shortness to stand cross armed at Priya’s side. “Long story short, we found something while we were organising.”
“What’s that got to do with me?”
Priya crosses her ankles, uncrosses them. “There were files we weren’t allowed to access in the base, but after all that happened, everything important got put together and brought here for us to organise. I … I didn’t mean to find it, or to read it, but we were sorting through all the things that were saved and—”
“Just tell me,” I snap. I take a deep, deep breath and try to purge the unkindness from my voice. Branwell’s vacant expression has me on edge.
“The years the Guardians lost track of you and your sister,” she begins, but falters, turning to Marie.
“You went missing for a long time,” Marie states without emotion. “A few people have managed to hide from our radar before but they were older and way more experienced than you. You were kids. There was only ever one explanation that made sense but nobody had proof of it.”
“Or so we thought,” Priya adds.
“There were Guardians in every corner of every zone in Forgotten London—except for Underground London Zone. We’ve always had allies there, people we recruited from the inside, but we were never able to send proper Guardians inside.”
I was ready to be shocked and horrified and sick to my stomach, but this isn’t even a tiny bit believable. “You’re saying Tia and I disappeared to Underground London Zone for years? Don’t you think I’d remember that? The only time I’ve ever been there was to destroy the Strains!” That feels like months ago, not just days. How was that only the beginning of this week? Quieter, I say, “I would remember.”
Bran shakes his head, a fleck of anger showing “You wouldn’t if they had tampered with your memories.”
I look instantly to Marie, the girl with answers in her narrowed eyes. “Explain.”
“Priya give him the file.”
Tucked between the pages of the large tome are a few sheets of once-white paper. Priya passes them to me and I spend several heart-racing minutes reading them, waiting for the horror to kick in. It doesn’t. I’m missing something. “I don’t get it.”
“You were part of a project.”
I shake my head, still waiting. “What kind of project?”
“A biological one.”
There it is: the acid rising to the back of my throat, the sluggish comprehension. My eyes seek Branwell, but he won’t look at me. “ A biological project,” I repeat. I take a breath, then another. “Run by who? Officials?” 
Marie nods once. “States.”
“So they …. The Officials altered my biology or something? Messed with my mind? My memories? Why?” I can’t sit any longer. I get up and pace. “Why the hell would someone do that to me? If they wanted super soldiers, you’d think they’d have picked someone buff, someone with actual training. Wait—”I cover my mouth with my hand. I need to get off this boat. I need to get off this island. “Tia—my sister—did they—?”
“We don’t know what they did.” Marie is infallibly calm. It doesn’t help. “They might not have done anything bad. All we know is you were in Underground London Zone when you were younger and according to this file you were part of a ‘program’.”
“And that you don’t remember it,” Priya says, standing. “At the least they altered your memories.”
“Why? Why the hell would they do that?” I close my hands into fists, itching to punch something. The wall. An Official.
Bran finally meets my eyes. I only know I was expecting him to give me some kind of hope, a shining ray of light in this fucked up darkness, when his indifferent mask shatters to reveal heartbreak, stark and hopeless. “I think,” he says, so so quietly, “it was to make you a carrier.” My breath hitches. This isn’t happening. I’m a carrier because of my DNA. It’s shitty and it’s made me an unwitting killer, but I can’t help what I am. I was born with it.
I can’t handle what Bran is saying.
That I wasn’t born a carrier.
That someone made me this way. Made me a killer.
He says, “I think they changed your biology so you carry infection.”
“What?” Marie and Priya ask at the same time. Bran didn’t tell them his theory. He saved it for me because it’s about my life, my killing genes. That takes the very edge off my rage. My next words emerge furious, instead of murderous as they would have been.
“So they—they fucked with my DNA to make me kill anyone I meet? What do they get out of that?”
“No,” Priya gasps. “Oh no.”  My eyes pin her with demands, but she’s staring intently at Marie. “I said it made no sense. I told you.” 
Marie picks up Priya’s train of thought, explaining it to me with careless insensitivity. “Why would the Officials want you killed so badly? It was never because you breached the border. It wasn’t even because you were the Unnamed’s son.  How would that make you dangerous—when you never even knew him? It was because they engineered you to be useful to them and you got away. The President didn’t want to lose his tool.”
Sharp laughter bursts from my lips. It’s not funny but for some reason I can’t stop. Before long I’ve dissolved into detached, hysterical laughter. 
Everything makes perfect sense now. Why things go badly when I try to be good. Why I’m responsible for so many people being dead. Why I’ll never be anything more than a bad omen, a curse on everyone I love. 
I’m not The Unnamed’s son. I’ll never be a rebel, or a motivator, or a bringer of change. 
I’m The President’s weapon.

***

II
The Uncertainty of Now

***

Bennet

21:35. 13.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


I exist in the future.
My life has changed more dramatically than I could ever have imagined when I lived in London. Not only have I travelled halfway across the world but I now live some hundred years in the future, in a world in the midst of ending. I’ve seen the apocalypse right in front of me. The earth, furious at the injustices wrought upon it by these people and their advanced machines, has swallowed cities whole.
I know, in reality, it was caused by the soldiers and their bombs, but I still think this is Mother Nature’s way of punishing us, that the cities fall because she allows it. I learn about the despicable ways humanity has destroyed itself, obliterating half of the world in the process, and I wonder how every other creature, every other form of life no matter how miniature, doesn’t hate us. Maybe they do. I wouldn’t blame them a single bit.
I tumble back to reality with a frustrated sigh. No matter how wicked or hateful this world is, it is mine now. I am part of it. Dwelling on its awfulness won’t change a single thing; it will only make my mood darker and my heart heavier. As much as I miss my home, I can find no way to return—I have tried and tried to go back, pleading with the bracelet, offering covenants with any devil that may listen, begging all the Gods that remain in this rotten place. And what have I received for all my efforts, for lowering myself to begging on my knees? Not a damn thing.
I have no choice but to remain here, and I won’t waste the rest of my life on moaning and melancholy. Not when this City has so much to offer me.
I follow the flow of a crowd through the vibrant marketplace near the Guardians’ home, politely declining offers to buy a bundle of scarf fabric. Everything is available here for a small price, though most of it is not of the greatest quality. Most of the fabrics are see-through and the other things for sale—odd lanterns, twisted neon pipes, queer pieces of foam with transparent, glittery straps that are supposed to be shoes—can only be described as decidedly tacky.
 But even if I wanted to buy some pointless, cheap thing, I’m not here to indulge in purchases today. The market is a place to blend in; with its buzzing, rushing patrons and dense crowds of people, I’m nothing but an anonymous face in an ocean of anonymous faces.
I weave through bodies, determined locals and awed tourists alike, and leave Main Bazaar Road and its vibrant colours behind, though it’s bitter, pungent scents follow me on the wind as I make my way down a perpendicular road. The Imperial Cinema sits on the end of the street before me, gaudy and impressive and entirely out of place among this batch of shabby, faded shops. Its red brick façade is worn and rotting, but the cinema is still fully functional years after its construction. A long line of people queuing to get into the eleven o’clock showing snakes around the corner. I join the back of it, pulling the purple silk of my head scarf further down—it’s good practise to keep my face hidden, Vast told me, because it prevents me being recognised—and I slip unseen around the back of the cinema and into a nook just big enough for a person to fit. 
I straighten my orange tunic and knock quietly on a neatly disguised doorway. Even though I know it’s there, it is still mesmerising to watch the portion of red stone fold back and reveal a long, brightly lit corridor.
A warm smile curving russet skin greets me, hands reaching out to enfold me into the building. The doorway slides back into place.
“Did you find it?” asks Garima Dhawan. She’s eager, her black-rimmed eyes wide with excitement.
“I said I would and I have,” I reply testily. I may be of a different time but I’m not incompetent. I’m tired of the people here assuming I’m helpless.
“Show me it!”
Rolling my eyes at her impatience, I remove the package from a hidden fold in my tunic and unwrap the embroidered fabric to reveal a sealed vial. The liquid inside glimmers gold and blue depending on how it catches the light. I hold it up for Garima to inspect and she claps her hands together, delighted, the light glinting off the painted gold tips of her nails and the abundant rings on her fingers.
“I’m sorry I doubted you.” She tows me along the hallway. “I wasn’t sure what to expect from you because—because you’re from the past.”
“And I am tired of that defining me,” I sigh. “I’m also a person. Why is it so impossible to overlook my origin and appreciate who I am?”
Garima raises a thick eyebrow at me, her endless, dark eyes twinkling with amusement. “At least I don’t gawp at you.”
“I’m grateful for that.” I smile at my newfound friend and she smiles back wickedly. She huffs a tell-tale laugh before darting away, her feet pounding against white tiles as she runs away from me. I release an unladylike word Garima taught me and chase after her. She swiped the vial right out of my hands.
I go straight to Vast’s study, knowing Garima will have taken the vial to the Guardians’ leader. As I suspected, Garima is leaning against Vast’s desk, panting as she watches Vast hold the liquid up to the light. In the blue hue of the office his ink-black hair is highlighted the exact shade of the sky over Brighton beach, and the vial shines silver-green and red. How could this thing have changed colour? It was gold a second ago, out in the daylight. I think I’m imagining it at first but Vast changes the colour of the lights above us and the liquid transforms with them, not simply tinted the colour of each bulb but altering entirely. Under yellow light it becomes pink and lilac, under green it is orange.
I take an involuntary step closer. “What is it?”
Vast looks at me with all the patience of an eighty year old gentleman, despite being no more than forty, so very young for his position. The bird tattooed on his neck, white ink on mahogany skin, shines like a star in this dimness. “A miracle,” he says in English and offers no further explanation.
“I was the person to retrieve it. I carried it all the way across the city, from the fringes to this building. You told me the task was dangerous, that to be caught in possession of it would be fatal, but I did it anyway. Don’t you think I deserve to know what it is?”
His mouth quirks up at the corners, gaze sweeping the room as his attention drifts away. By the time his eyes have returned to me, I see a decision. “Okay,” he concedes, “but you must not tell one person.”
“I won’t.” I close the door to his study and lean against it, my palms flat against the engraved wood.
“It is the beginnings of redemption.” Wonderful. Yet more vague answers. “The basis of a cure.”
“A cure?” 
My focus is drawn to Garima, who is positively beaming, her fingers bunching up the fabric of her sari and her bare toes wiggling on the waxed floor. “Tell her,” she urges the old man.
“This is a cure for the diseases that run rampant in our City and in the rest of the world. You have brought us hope in a test tube. Salvation in its rawest form. The Miracle.”
Despite the hope in his voice, the words fill me with something unfamiliar—expectance, apprehension, and the inevitability of doom. 
When it’s clear Vast is finished with us, Garima squeezes my shoulder and leads me away. The corridor to my room is as cold as my mood, frosty air pumped through holes in the ceiling, but Garima doesn’t seem to mind the chill. She dances from one side of the hallway to the other, spinning every few metres, the embroidered white fabric of her skirt belling around her. She fills the bland hallways with bursts of vibrancy, her laughter a much needed cure for the quiet. 
I wish I could find it within me to match her happiness with my own.

***

Yosiah

21:47. 13.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands.


For some reason when I imagined sailing past the coastlines of the island, I thought there’d be lights. I saw the towns as lit up, their buildings like embers. I made the stupid mistake of assuming there’d be signs of life, when of course there aren’t because everyone is dead. That death is painfully obvious in the dark swathe of land. I can only see it as a blacker slash against the horizon than the sky and the sea. If it was lit up I might be able to see better but I’m having to use the light of the moon and the distant stars to read by. 
The book is equal parts fascinating and horrifying. Fascinating because it’s about the past, the history of ‘Great Britain’, and horrifying because it is evidence of what we’ve been robbed of. I can’t imagine what would it have been like when they had these things—governments and elections and choices. When the people could decide who was in charge of the country.
Country.
That’s a word that is taking a lot of getting used to. I’ve heard it before, when I lived in a barrack and followed orders, saving lives on a battlefield we made for ourselves. But I never knew what it meant. None of us did. All we knew was this was an island, States and Bharat were the Cities, and Forgotten London was a town. But even that’s a lie. They’ve twisted everything.
I rub at a point of pain in my temple.
It’d be a lot easier if I could just let things lie, if I didn’t have to know the truth. But I’ve never been like that. I never could just go along with something without knowing the details and now that I have access to information about Great Britain and the rest of the world, I want to know it all. I’ve been reading ever since I got on this boat and found the Guardians’ storage. They don’t know I’ve been taking their books but they have other things to worry about.
The paperback in my hands is about India, the country Bharat used to be before everything went bad. I wonder how much of this has changed. Do Bharatians still dress the same? Eat the same foods? Are the cities mentioned in this book still standing or have they fallen apart? There’s too much I don’t know, too much an ancient book can’t tell me—but I’ll be able to see it for myself. Bharat is our eventual destination. Soon I’ll be able to answer my own questions.
It’s exciting and daunting at the same time.
A hand closes around my shoulder; I let it stay there. I caught Tim’s scent on the wind a couple of minutes ago, a spike of citrus. He’s been stood watching me for minutes. Thinking of what to say, I’d guess. I turn to him with a guarded expression.
“You alright?” I won’t ask him outright how he’s dealing but he can talk to me if he wants. I think I’ve finally moved past my resentment of what he did to me, of what he made me think. I’d do the same to protect my family if I had any left. 
I bite the inside of my cheek. That’s not true. I have Miya, and her family will become my family in time. Her sister is still suspicious of me, watching me from the corner of her eye every few minutes, but she’s started asking me questions about Miya and the years we’ve been friends. And Thomas is a gentle, trusting child. He never held any wariness about me. But it’s not the same, not really, and I miss my sister.
Timofei sinks against the railing beside me, his arms hanging over the sea below, his dark head dipped. “It’s a lot of pressure,” he says, “to get everyone to Bharat—especially when our communication is so sketchy. But I’m alright. I’m coping.”
“Sure?” I look for signs that he’s lying but his face doesn’t twitch. He nods, looking my way for a second before his attention returns to the water.
“I missed you,” he says without warning. “When I was at the base and you didn’t know I was alive. I missed you.”
“I know.”
Before I realise what he’s doing, his hands are in my hair and his mouth is on mine, soft and scorching. Tremulous. My heart is gripped by a sudden pain. I wanted this. I really—God, I needed this years ago. But now?
I stumble away from him, my heart pounding hard against my rib cage. “I can’t,” I force out. My throat feels swollen, thick with tears that I blink back.
“I know.” His reply is quiet, disappointed, but not surprised. “I just needed to try.”
Even though it makes no sense, even though I have nothing to feel sorry for, I apologise. Twice. Timofei clasps the back of my head and brings me close, my face to his shoulder. He’s taller than me now, I realise. We used to be the same height. I draw in a breath and steady myself. He still smells the same—deep and sharp and bitter.
“Don’t worry about it,” he says into my hair. “I mean it. Don’t worry. It’s okay.”
He releases me, gives me a look I can’t decipher, and then he’s walking down the deck and away from me.
I don’t know what to think. I don’t know what to feel. 
I let myself cry.

***

Honour

15:23. 14.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands.


The boat staggers into the harbour. The sea elbows us one way, then another. Rain batters the ship, a hundred fists pounding the wall. Most people are out on deck watching as we attempt to come into this northern town but if I go outside I know without a doubt I’ll be sick. At least in our cabin, curled into a ball under the beige cover, I can convince myself the floor isn’t moving. I am home, in our small room in Forgotten London, with my sister beside me. At least one of those things is true. Tia’s hand is small and cool in mine, her long hair brushing my shoulder as she leans over me, worrying.
The boat jumps suddenly, lurching forward what feels like a full mile. My head slams back onto the pillow. My sister is thrown into the wall. “Tia?” I scrape myself up, crawling to her. I clamp my mouth shut on an unwanted bout of sickness, willing my stomach to settle.
Horatia touches her head gingerly and then shows me her fingers. No blood. I let a breath I didn’t know I was holding hiss through my nose. 
When I’m sure I won’t throw up, I ask, “Do you feel dizzy? Is everything blurry?” 
She shakes her head twice.
“Okay.” I rest my forehead on hers, fever hot against soothing cool. “That’s good.”
The rising sound of shouting voices sifts under the cabin door. I pick out Alba’s, loud and sharp and commanding, but I can’t hear any distinct words.
“We must have crashed,” I say, getting to my feet. I hold out a hand to help Tia up; she surprises me by taking it. “Let’s see how bad it is.”
The deck is crawling with people, most moving aimlessly. Alba and other Guardian leaders—who I’ve finally begun to recognise—are weaving among them, calling out instructions, shouting for action or calm or something else I can’t hear over the buzz of apprehension.
The front of the boat has crumpled. We’ve sailed right into a stone wall that looks as ancient as it is clearly indestructible, and it has wrecked us. We’re probably sinking right now. It’s probably a good thing we’re walking from now on. 
“Everyone okay?” Dalmar edges his way down the path, toward us.
“Fine,” I say. “Just a bit banged up.”
He looks me over, then Tia. He takes her chin in his pale hand, turning her head to inspect a cut. “Just a scrape,” he says to himself, then to us: “Okay. Get your things. The walkway’s already been put down and you should be able to get off soon. Honour, how’s your sickness?”
“Bearable.”
“Good.” He pats Tia’s face, claps my shoulder, and weaves his way back into the crowd. The crush of Guardians swallows any sight of him.
I look around for anyone I recognise but everyone is a stranger. Tia’s fingers curl around my hand; she squeezes it just slightly, enough to tell me something I fail to understand. She smiles, patient, and guides me around white leather jackets, sharp elbows, and overstuffed backpacks until we reach her destination. Branwell. The tight hand around my heart releases me. Finally, someone I know.
“Oh my God, Boy Wonder.” Marie Fitzgerald is as bright, pale, and unnatural as the last time I saw her, when she came to my room to deliver the news that I was a time bomb made by the President. The sarcasm is new, though. “What did we do to deserve this honour?” She elbows Priya, her permanent companion, with a grin. “Honour—get it? ‘Cause his name is Honour.”
“Very funny, M.”
Bran separates himself from them, stepping forward with a tired smile. His copper hair is messy and wavy as always, but his skin is a shade closer to white. “You don’t look so well,” he says, echoing my own concerns about him.
I shrug. “I’ve not been sick yet, so I think I’m doing pretty good.”
“Small victories,” he says. “And how are you, Horatia? Holding up?”
Tia nods, one corner of her mouth lifting up in a smile. Does she like Bran? I’ve never asked her. It’s suddenly important that she does.
“I’m glad to hear it.” Bran steals my attention back with the tone of his voice. It’s soft and warm and familiar, the way he talks to me. I realise I’ve never heard him speak this way to anyone else. “Personally, I can’t wait to be rid of this ship. I’ve never missed solid ground so much in my life.” He laughs a little, breathy and … uncertain? Tia makes him nervous? 
I guess I can understand why, from his point of view. He’s only ever known two sides of my sister—the fierce warrior of Forgotten London and the silent widow of the free lands. Neither version of my sister makes you feel at ease, but at least I know what she used to be like, that she’s caring and selfless to a fault and would walk half a mile just to find you the perfect gift. It helps me bear this Horatia’s silent, unflinching stare. But Bran doesn’t have anything to help him bear it, and I can see he’s wilting.
I scramble for something to say, but I can’t remember what he last said. I got so caught up in his nerves that they’ve become my own. I ask the most useless, basic question just for something to say. “Are you okay, Bran?” I add, “Is it the sea?”
“Yes.” I notice the little lines of tension around his eyes and mouth soften as he meets my eyes. “Yes, it’s the sea. I can’t stand it.”
Tia catches our attention by raising her arm, pointing. People are leaving the boat, the crowd of Guardians lessening as the thick of them leave.
“Oh thank heavens,” Bran breathes. He turns without a second thought and heads for the exit.
I tuck my sister’s elbow into mine. We share a relieved glance as we follow Branwell down the emptying deck to the pier.


Even when I’m on steady ground, I’m still swaying like the boat. I sink onto the asphalt road and put my head between my knees. 
“Here.” Soft hands touch my forehead, pushing back my short, matted hair. I only know it’s Hele because she speaks and Tia doesn’t. She puts a bottle of water in my hand and I begin to gulp it down before she tells me to sip it instead.
Hele sinks to the ground at my side, her hair a messy knot on top of her head. It must be raining because the pale orange strands are darker, the colour of rust. I wait for her to speak but she just waits. Waits for me to come around. Not pushing or encouraging, just sitting with me.
As The Guardians unload all of their stuff from the boat, I slowly regain the feeling of being myself. I lean back on my elbows, letting the midday sun warm my face as the rainclouds begin to dry up.
“I’m never going on one of those things again,” I say and Hele laughs, brushing raindrops from her freckled cheeks.
“Let’s hope you never have to.”
“We’re just walking from now on, right?” I look at her from the corner of my eye.
“Maybe.”
“What’s Dal say?”
“He says we might be able to borrow an aircraft.”
“From who? Officials? No one has aircrafts.”
“Yes.” She chuckles at my expression of disbelief. “From Officials.”
“And by borrow …”
“We mean steal.”
“Right.” I shake my head, closing my eyes to feel the sun on my eyelids. The heat is perfect and I never want it to leave, so of course it fades. The rain returns, jealous of the attention. I guess you can get showers of sun as well as rain. After a while I say, “You realise that’s crazy, right? Stealing an aircraft? And impossible.”
“For us, maybe. But the Manchester council has made promises.”
I peel my eyes open, sitting up. “Promises to steal us an aircraft?”
“Promises I’m not allowed to share.” She presses her palm to my cheek and then climbs to her feet. “I’ve already told you too much.”
“Why did you?” I push myself off the tarmac, my knees creaking when I stand.
“Dalmar asked me to.” Hele’s whole face becomes softer when she says his name. I wonder what that’s like, not for the first time. Having someone. Loving someone.
“Wait,” I say, catching up. “He asked you to?”
“Yes.” Her purple dress brushes the wet floor as she starts walking, the bottom of it trailing through a puddle; Hele doesn’t care. “He knows you hate surprises, that you’d rather be prepared. He wanted to tell you himself, as soon as he found out, but the Guardian council is so busy with preparations and arrangements that he’s been sucked away. He’s been so busy.”
I walk faster to match her pace. “Too busy?”
“Of course. He’s giving everything he has to them. To us.”
“We should kidnap him, force him to spend time away from work.
Hele’s peal of laughter brightens the misty grey townscape. “When?”
“When’s the next meeting?”
“Tonight, I think.”
“Then. We follow him and just as he’s about to go in, we steal him. Take him to some abandoned pub and have a family night. Just us. No stress or worrying allowed.”
Hele stops walking without warning and hugs me tightly. Her dress is cold and dripping but her embrace is warm as the sun. She touches my cheek with the back of her fingers. “Thank you.”
“For what?”
“Being so kind.”
“But I’m—”
“Don’t argue with me, I’m thanking you.”
I close my mouth.
“I don’t say this enough, and I know Dalmar doesn’t either, but I’m so grateful to know you. We both are. I wouldn’t want to lose you for anything.”
I duck my head.
“You’re a sweet, sweet boy, Honour.”
“I’m only three years younger than you, stop calling me boy.”
She hugs me closer, wrapping both arms around my shoulders. “But you are a boy. I know you’re hard on yourself. I know you blame yourself for a lot of things. But you shouldn’t. You’re still so young, and it’s not your fault any of this has happened to you.”
My throat is tight. I clench my jaw.
“Go,” she says, releasing me.
“What?”
“Go, explore, wander. Go do what you used to in Forgotten London. I’ll watch your sister and your friends. They’re my family too. Go and be carefree for an hour.”
“I can’t.”
“You can. Nothing important is going to change in an hour. Please.”
I shake my head.
“I promised Dalmar I’d stop your worrying. If I go back and tell him you’re even more worried now, he’ll be twice as distressed.”
“That’s emotional blackmail.” I lean up and kiss her cheek. “One hour. No longer.”
“Don’t hurry back.”
“You’re such a pain,” I say over my shoulder, heading up a sloping road. Hele smiles wide. She knows I love her.


With nothing to do and nobody to watch over, I stand on the top of a hill and watch the angry waves of the sea. For a while I just let my thoughts run away. I’ve been repressing, not letting myself think about what I was told yesterday so I could act normal. So no one would be able to tell anything was wrong. But something is wrong and it’s eating away at me.
How many years did I lose? I remember a life of scraping by, barely living, on the streets with my sister. But now that I seriously think about it, my memories could span just a few months, or even one. I should remember more than this.
I swallow the lump in my throat. No worrying, that’s what Hele said. No worrying.
I distract myself with the landscape. This area of the town is populated with short, wide buildings. Instinctively glancing around myself for shadows—Officials—I see a flicker of motion from the corner of my eye. It’s Miya, up at the blocky, blue building marked as Port of Hull. I lumber up the hill, not enjoying the return of the ache behind my knees. 
Miya is staring through a window that’s taller than she is and as wide as a ship, her lips pursed in concentration. I stop beside her, leaning against the glass. Miya spares me a silent nod of hello then returns to the staring. Now that I’m closer, her focus looks more analytical than curious. She’s planning something. Oh God.
I ignore my face in the window, peering into the room. I don’t have to look to know my eyes are sunken, my skin pulled tight over my skull. Every day I look worse. Every day I feel worse. Maybe this is what it means to be States’s tool. Maybe I just destroy everything around me until eventually I destroy myself.
Inside the Port of Hull building, I can’t see anything but plastic furniture. Chairs cling to each other in fours and fives, tripped over when the flares hit. They look a lot like a drunk gang of friends on a Friday night. There are no more clues than the chairs to what the room behind the glass is.
Staring at a twisted chair, I think, I can’t tell Tia about what might have happened to her. She’s not a carrier—The Guardians know that much—but States could have done God knows what to her, made her into anything. She doesn’t need that now, not after losing Marrin.
I pinch the inside of my elbow. No worrying.
“What is this place?” I ask Miya, pressing my nose to the glass. 
“Some kind of waiting room.” She’s still squinting, calculating.
“Waiting room for what?” 
She makes a noise like muh, which I take to mean ‘How the fuck should I know?’
I glance at Miya through the rain and find her watching me. Her black hair is plastered in slashes to her forehead, her red vest clinging to her body. She doesn’t wear a jacket, even though it’s raining. She doesn’t give a crap.
First Hele, now Miya—am I the only person pissed off with this rain? I shake droplets from my hair, water sliding inside the collar of my jacket and down my spine. I just made it worse. Great.
Miya is pointing over her shoulder. I follow the line of her hand to the boat. 
“Oh,” I say. “So there was a … a station for boats? Like the tube stations?”
“I guess.” She produces a penknife and a hair slide from her jeans pocket. “Wanna go in?”
“No,” I say instantly. “I don’t think we’re meant to go in there.”
“Ha!” She smirks, kneeling on the wet ground as she jams the hair clip into the lock on the door. “Says who? The Guardians?” Within half a minute, the lock clicks open, the door swinging backward. Miya raises an eyebrow at me. “How many rules have you broken in the last month, Honour? Five? Ten? You’re a genuine criminal—it’s about time you started reaping the rewards.”
“I can do without the reaping,” I say, nervously looking around. Nobody seems to have noticed that Miya has broken into a building. Nobody’s even near.  I suppose no one would really care, since The Guardians stole an entire boat, but it still bothers me.
From inside the glass room Miya shouts, “Holy shit, look at this thing!”
I bolt inside the building without thinking. “What?”
Miya’s smile is devilish when I catch up to her. “I’m sorry, Honour, there is no thing. But you’re in now. Might as well have a look around.”
I groan my annoyance but follow her through the dishevelled waiting room. In some parts the glass has been shaken out of window panes, making the carpet a wicked obstacle course. I step carefully. Miya vaults over the shattered glass like a wild animal. The glint in her eye suggests she’s a deadly one. 
“You’re terrible,” I mutter as we emerge into a dark corridor. Tiny beams of light slip through cracks in the wall. I watch dust float in them, dwelling again on what happened to me in Underground London Zone. 
Miya’s quiet laugh is pleased. “The worst.” 
As the dust motes spin and fly in their cage of light, I decide nothing has changed. If the Officials did do something to make me a carrier, they did it years ago. I’ve been living with it all this time, unknowing. I’m not suddenly dangerous now that I know. I might be a ticking bomb but I’m not gonna go off right this minute. I’ve lived through it and I’m still alive.
“What?” 
Miya is watching me curiously. It makes me uncomfortable. “Look what I found,” she says. “A restricted door.”
“Miya,” I warn. The door is metal and armoured. I don’t think a hair pin is going to open it. She doesn’t look any less determined, though.
“Honour, come over here for a minute.”
 I cross the corridor, frowning. I open my mouth to ask what she’s planning to do, but my words are cut off by a burst of crackling noise and then a massive bang. I flinch.
I run a hand over my face. “Where did you get explosives?”
“I might have swiped a few things from the Guardians’ stores when they weren’t looking.” Miya edges the door open with her boot. The room is pitch black until Miya switches on a torch and a narrow beam of light is thrown from her hand.
“What kind of things?”
“Batteries, explosives, water purification tablets. I might have also taken seven knives.”
I turn in a circle, taking in the storage room. Shelves bisect the walls, running around the small square of lino on the floor. Half of the shelves are empty, but the others are cluttered with guns—not small hand guns like the Guardians have or the nimble electric guns the Officials carry. These guns are long and bulky and look like they could do a lot of damage. I let out a colourful word and run my hands through my hair. I hate guns. I can’t explain why I like them any less than knives or explosives or the Weapon, but I do.
“Why would they have needed this many guns?” I look at them with disgust. “They weren’t surrounded by Officials. They didn’t have to live with States. Their world was—”
“Sunshine and fucking daisies, I know.” Miya turns her glare around the room. “Go get Alba.”
I hurry back through the waiting room, being less careful of the glass now, and burst out onto the rain-slick hill, half sliding down the grass.
The Guardians are still bustling around the ship at the port, unloading cardboard boxes and big bits of machinery. They’re scavenging, I realise, taking apart the boat. 
When I tell Alba what Miya and I found, she folds away the old map of The United Kingdom she’s been using to navigate our journey and becomes a hurricane of action. Commands get shouted, Guardians spurred into movement.  Dalmar asks me question after question about the weapons, filing every bit of information away before running off to join Alba inside the blue building. I’m not sure if it’s his knowledge of weaponry from working in the munitions factory back in F.L. that makes him curious or whether he senses how uneasy the guns have made me. My hands are shaking.
I find Tia, hoping for the millionth time that she’ll speak, that she’ll settle my nerves. “You okay?” I ask. She just nods, her attention on the flow of Guardians heading up the road.
Furious muttering alerts me to Miya’s presence before I spot her—I’m pretty sure she’s the only person inventive enough to come up with the words I’m hearing. Her curses die on her tongue when her little sister sprints to Miya and demands to know where she’s been.
“Why, did something happen?” Miya’s eyes survey the area. They settle on Yosiah and her brother. “Olive?”
Olive sounds exactly like Miya when she’s angry. “You disappeared. Yosiah was worried.”
Yosiah joins them, a flash of frustration crossing his face when he stumbles. “I actually said Miya would be fine because she can look after herself.” He adds, “You were the one who was worried.”
“I was not.” Olive scowls mutinously at Yosiah. She huffs dramatically and stomps off, dropping onto the road a few metres away.
Miya explains to Yosiah what we found in the Port of Hull, her brother’s face hidden by her stomach, tanned arms clinging to her. She flattens his hair absentmindedly.
Yosiah passes Miya her jacket. “What were you doing in there?” he asks.
“It was Honour’s idea.”
“What? I didn’t—I said—” 
Miya smirks. She was right—she really is the worst.
Miya’s mouth opens to speak, and I ready myself with a quick rapport—
But everything stops, tips on its side, hushes.
The next thing I know, my face is pressed into the road, my arm throbbing violently. I can hear nothing but a shrill ringing that’s getting steadily louder. A solid weight is pressing me into the ground. 
I can’t move.
I don’t understand.
A prolonged second passes before the weight lifts from my back. I sit up, rubbing the ache in my elbow. Horatia staring at me with huge, frightened eyes. My body moves without my mind, pulling my twin into my arms. Her fear is my fear, and mine passes between us, multiplying.
I look outside the bubble of fear and family we’ve made and now I understand. I know what happened. People lay on the floor, some conscious but others not. Others possibly dead. My stomach turns over.
I gather myself together and find my legs, helping Tia up with me.  Most people clamber to their feet like my sister and I, gaping at the collapsed, fiery structure that was, minutes ago, the Port of Hull building. Other people never get up. Smoke filters into the sky, light grey against charcoal. Orange tinges the air around the blue wreckage, unseen flames devouring.
I can’t breathe.
I start forward, forgetting my arms are around Tia. She holds me back by the collar of my shirt. I’m gasping, guttering, falling apart.
Alba was in that building! Guardians were in—
My next thought is wrenched from my mouth. I don’t recognise the scream that rips the air in two. 
“Dalmar!”
Horatia can’t restrain me any longer. I’m fighting too hard, too desperate, too scared, too frantic.  I lurch in a thousand directions because I don’t know what to do, where to go, how to do anything ever again. My breaths wheeze from my lungs and my head starts to spin as I start up the base of the hill, my whole body shaking.
I only stop when I’m held back by someone too strong to fight. Cold hands frame my face. I can’t see through the film of my tears to who they belong to. 
“I’m here.” That voice reduces my gasping cries to shattering sobs. “I’m here.”
My fingers become claws that grip and tear at his shirt and Dalmar talks to me in hushed tones as he crushes me against his body. 
Gradually, I regain my senses, my vision clearing. 
Eventually, I accept that Dalmar is here, that he’s alive, nowhere near the building that exploded.
I blink until my eyes clear and look him over. He has a scratch above his eyebrow but he’s in one piece.  “God,” I rasp, stepping back. “I thought—”
Dal grabs my chin, forcing me to look him in the eye, steady blue-green on panicked brown. “I am here, Honour. I’m okay.”
I nod and nod and nod. He’s okay.
A gentle hand brushes over my hair. I don’t have to look to know it’s Hele.
“Dal? Is Alba—?”
“She was inside.” His mouth is a thin line. “She’s gone.”
I drop my eyes to the floor. “Sorry.”
Tia finds me, an arm snaking around my waist to comfort me even though I have no right to be upset. I barely knew Alba. I only met her days ago. If I were thinking with logic, I might worry what will happen to The Guardians now that Alba is dead, but logic might as well not exist right now. All I’m worried about is Dalmar.
Hele holds out a hand to him and he stumbles into her arms, his eyes holding more fear than pain. Hurt and grief, I know, will come later.
Tia and I huddle around him until the four of us are all parts of the same creature. I rest my forehead against Dal’s shoulder and decide that enough is enough. We have all hurt too much, grieved too much. I tighten my grip. I refuse to let anything else hurt my family.

***

Miya

22:42. 14.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands.


The building we’re sleeping in tonight is a million miles from both the ship and the green house in Harwich. The grey brick of it rises into the dark clouds, decorative metalwork running up the side in an attempt to cover up the fact that it’s a great eyesore. If the green house was neat and pretty, this place is a clumsy mess. 
My legs barely carry me into the lobby, tired feet slapping on white floor tiles. The walls are painted white to match them. The Guardians ought to love this place—aside from the odd flash of purple and the beige of a wooden counter, it’s as blank as their base was. A purple sign hanging crookedly from the wall over the counter reads Premr Inn. Some of the letters must have fallen off because there are irregular gaps between them. Like everything else in the diseased lands, this building is only half of what it once was.
Before we came in some guy in a dress assigned us all to a room and explained that although the furniture may be upside down and the rooms untidy, the beds should still be useable. The building itself seems to agree—the basic shape of it stands as it must have when it was a hotel, but the top floors have slipped off and crumpled on the ground. It’s the same with most of the tall buildings we see. Solar flares, I guess, melted them right off.
We traipse through the entryway, following slumped Guardians up a staircase that smells of dust and damp. 
Olive trips over her feet, exhaustion beginning to get to her. I pick her up by her scrawny arms and balance her on my hip, ignoring every one of her complaints and insults. It surprises me how much she’s changed since I left. Thomas is the same excitable, loving brother as he always was, but Livy has changed. She’s become harsher, lost the innocent softness she used to have. Her vocabulary has expanded to twice its size, filled with curses and insults and God knows what else. She’s had to grow up far too soon because of me, because I left them behind with nobody but mum to care for them. 
Olive will have had to pick up my jobs—Thomas was always too sensitive to survive in the world outside our front door, and mum would do nothing but drink and throw things at the wall for sport. Livy will have had to work, collect the family’s credits, and brave the intimidating sight of Camberwell Zone on allocation day. I try to picture her there, surrounded by people older and more dangerous than her, but I have to force the image out of my head before it can form. Anything could have happened to her. Anything might have happened to her. No wonder she’s changed—she had to change to survive, just like I did.
She is so much like me, it’s scary.
Her head bumps against my shoulder as I haul myself up yet another flight of stairs and I realise she’s fallen asleep. Good. At least in her dreams she doesn’t have to build walls around herself for safety.
“Leah,” she murmurs in her sleep and my heart jumps into my throat. It’s been years since I’ve heard that name spoken aloud. I have a vague memory of Tom and Livy saying it over and over after Yosiah jumped from the train but my mind was too hazy to absorb it. Now I’m alert and the name cuts right through me. It drags a shudder down my spine, terror through my chest. Memories come in sharp, unwanted flashes—my mother screaming my name, throwing a plate at my head; Thomas waking from a nightmare and crying out for me; Officials in dark uniforms framing a red haired man. 
“You give us information or you die, Leah.”
With a burst of new energy, I scurry up the stairs until I’m level with Yosiah, shifting Olive so my left hand is free to grab Yosiah’s wrist. I squeeze him so hard it must hurt but he doesn’t complain.
“Whatever it is,” he says, low. He waits until I raise my eyes to continue. “It can’t beat you. You’re stronger than anyone, Miya. Nothing can break you unless you let it.”
Siah’s intense stare gives me a foothold on the present. I loosen my grip on him a fraction and imagine myself repeatedly punching this crippling fear until it’s nothing, until it can’t affect me. I am Miya. I created myself. I’m who I want to be. This won’t beat me, won’t break me. I never have to be Leah again.
“There,” Siah murmurs, “you’re you again.”
I feel a smile building at how right he is but quickly chase it away with a glare at the flecked-grey steps beneath me. “Thanks,” I mutter. He touches my hair, quick as anything, and we resume walking.
Our room is on the third floor—something I’m grateful for when I realise some people have to go up a hell of a lot more stairs. How many floors does this place even have? I think, as I stumble through the doorway. The door doesn’t close right because The Guardians had to shoot it open, but there’s a chair we can lean against it for some sense of privacy. All things considered, it’s better than Underground London Zone luxury to me.
Livy doesn’t wake as I tuck her into the bed, and Thomas is asleep as soon as his back hits the mattress. Being quiet about it, Yosiah and I turn the rest of the furniture the right way up.
I drop onto a half-comfortable purple sofa and lean my head back, relieved and ready for bed. The seat dips under Siah’s weight as he settles beside me and a sigh sinks into the air around us.
“What do you think will happen,” he asks after a while, “when The Guardians have won and States has lost control?”
“I think we’ll probably die,” I say on a yawn, getting a prod to my shoulder in reply. “Okay. If we survive, I reckon The Guardians will take over from the Ordering Body. They’ll tell people what to do and control everything. I don’t think they’ll be as bad as States, but we’ll never be free of authority. There’ll always be someone telling us what to do, setting rules for good reasons and for bad.” I shrug my jacket off and close my eyes. “It’ll be better, probably, if the Guardians win. We might even be able to live the way we want, with them in charge. But that’s if they win.”
“You don’t think they will?” Siah’s turned towards me—I can tell by the way his breath falls on my neck.
“If we make it to Bharat, we’ll stand a better chance.”
“And if we don’t?”
“We’ll be dead.”
“Hmm.”
I crack open an eye to find Yosiah’s face pressed against the back of the sofa, his eyes closed and his mouth hanging open. I watch him for minutes. He shifts in his sleep, his hands closing into fists and his breathing speeding up. I touch the inside of his elbow but my touch doesn’t calm him like it normally does.
“No,” he gasps. Then: “Mel, run!”
My entire body goes rigid, my spine a straight line. The fear in Siah’s voice … I’ve never heard him sound that way. Never.
I wake him as gently as I can. He bolts off the sofa, looking around like a startled kid.
I approach him slowly. “Siah?”
“I’m fine.” That’s all he says for minutes as he fights to keep his hands still, watching their every tremor. He looks up at me eventually and in a stronger voice repeats, “I’m fine.”
He doesn’t speak when I pull a bed from inside the sofa, following instructions we were given earlier, nor does he comment as I throw an old cover over it. Yosiah gets into the left side of the bed, his side, without uttering a word.
‘What’s wrong?’ I don’t ask. I mean to but exhaustion grabs me in its big hand and drags me to sleep. I don’t think Siah sleeps at all that night.

***

Honour

06:57. 15.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands.


The Guardians have spent all night gathering supplies by looting the old shops and houses of Hull. I think mostly they were given the task to keep them from dwelling on the loss of their leader. I’m expecting half of The Guardians to have fallen to pieces by the end of the day; every Guardian I met loved Alba. I don’t want to think about what her death will do to her son. I’ve lost too many people to grief. I can’t lose Dalmar too.
I seem to have escaped Alba’s death with little pain. I didn’t know her well enough, I guess. I feel horrible for being so grateful but I can’t help it. I’m glad I didn’t know Alba, glad I’m not blinded by loss right now. All I feel is an ache, an echo of Dalmar’s pain. I hurt for him but I don’t hurt for myself, and I’ve never felt so lucky in my life. If I lost another person, I know I wouldn’t survive it. 
I won’t survive it. 
When I lose someone. 
Because I will. This hell isn’t over yet. But who will I lose? Who will be taken from me?
I can’t think about it.
The Guardians return after an hour and we gather under a statue of a woman in the town centre. Victoria Dei, that’s what it says on the statue. She’s tall and wide and wearing a crown, framed on either side by angels or devils—I can’t tell which they are. Maybe that says something about me, that I can’t tell apart gods and monsters.
 I think the crown means this Victoria Dei was a Queen at some point. Maybe she’s an ancestor of mine and Tia’s. I stare into her cold, sculpted face for any common features but find none. With a shrug, I turn away from the statue and pay more attention to the five people raised in front of us—the Guardian council.
One of them is the robed man who took over giving orders yesterday. Timofei is stood with him, along with three others I vaguely recognise. One of them, a man twice my age, is called Cell. For the first time it becomes obvious that every Guardian leader is using a fake name, all but Timofei at least. Each of their names is four letters long and I seriously doubt they were born with them. Who christens a kid Cell? The robed man is Saga. The remaining two are Brig and Hush, two Guardians that couldn’t be more opposite if they tried. Brig is blankness personified—white hair, pale skin, watery grey eyes and a face so young he might be even younger than me. Hush is a black skinned woman, sharp faced, with close cropped hair and a body that never had to deal with starvation.
Cell’s moustache flutters in the wind, a huge beige stripe above his mouth. “We’ve suffered an unparalleled loss,” he says in a nasally voice. “Alba was a great leader but she’s dead. Sage’ll act as leader in her place until we’re stable enough to elect a new one.” His eyes linger on Dalmar. It takes me a moment to realise that Cell’s suggesting Dalmar lead the Guardians. I glance sidelong at Dal but he’s fixated on the stone slabs beneath his feet. “For now, our mission’s the same. We’ll cross the land to the rebel town of Manchester, use their resources to gather anyone who’s still alive on this island, and then we’ll all fly to Bharat. There we’ll finalise our uprising until we can take control from States’s President and the Ordering Body.” He crosses his arms over his round stomach, not bothering to ask if anyone has questions.
Ten minutes later we begin the week-long walk to Manchester.


For days all I do is put one foot in front of the other, never mind that the soles of my feet are screaming and my toes are bleeding from being squashed into these Guardians boots. I’m not given an option—it’s walk or be left behind.
People take turns speaking to Dalmar, trying to comfort him, but they might as well not bother. Dalmar doesn’t want comfort or molly coddling. He’s dealing with the death of his mother by getting on with things without complaint. He doesn’t speak about his loss once and if it weren’t for the hollow expression he wears every day, I’d think he was trying to convince himself she was still alive. But I know what he’s doing. He’s throwing himself into every task, carrying boxes when it’s not required, helping the few civilians still with us, calming the littlest kids when they freak out. He’s trying to be the best Guardian, the best person, he can—for Alba.
On the third day of walking Marie sidles up to me and gives me a crooked grin. “Still killing people?” 
I almost reply with a snarl but I don’t have the energy for it. “Don’t need to,” I say. “People are dying without my help.”
That shuts her up for several minutes, long enough for Priya to realise her girlfriend has disappeared and catch up to us. Priya is more polite about asking how I am and I am much nicer in return.
The two girls spend the next hour or two or three—time doesn’t exist out here—explaining everything they know about the program that made me a carrier. As I drag my feet across a dusty expanse of nothing, evidence of the flares everywhere around me, I learn that States were experimenting on kids, back in the day, to find a cure for the demons they created.
The Ordering Body made The Sixteen Strains to cull the population but Priya tells me the Strains began to infect States’s own people. They couldn’t find anything to stop it. This was long before they invented the vaccine that could kill me at any moment. States began to panic. The President began to panic.
The program was set up to find a way to stop the spread of the diseases. The Ordering Body put an insane amount of money into the development, hired dubious scientists and madmen, and eventually a solution was found. Somehow, some lunatic scientist discovered that The Sixteen Strains didn’t infect children the way they did adults—I try to block out every question that demands an answer to why children were tested in the first place—and that foetuses were completely resistant to the infection.
Marie explains in great detail, using more scientific jargon than I’ve heard in my life, that the forbidden files they stumbled upon spoke about a Strains trial. Scientists infected unborn children and when the babies were born their biology was fucked around with. Engineered to carry or resist the Strains. Marie says this must be how Yosiah and Miya are immune, but she offers more questions than she does answers.
I clench my fists through the whole explanation. I still don’t see where my sister and I fit into this. I wasn’t new-born when they ‘altered’ me and neither was Tia—if they did anything to her at all.
“Maybe the program had advanced by that point,” Priya offers but I don’t buy that and neither does Marie. The conversation fizzles out, killed by a glaring lack of answers.
I walk in silence, not bothering to voice my destructive thoughts, and eventually the girls leave me alone to my fury and my fear. By the seventh day my emotions are buried inside me where they can do no harm, my arms are littered with bruises from where I’ve pinched my skin, and I feel nothing at all.

***

Bennet

10:36. 21.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


The Guardians home in Delhi is five times the size of the building in Mumbai. I remember when I was first shown around the Mumbai base by a man named Rafe who found me bewildered in the middle of a bazaar. He knew who I was and that I’d arrive in the exact moment I did—he was following instructions on an ancient piece of paper. Instructions written, impossibly, in my own hand. Since then I’ve come to accept things as they happen, abandoning the need to know details and facts of how everything is possible. Things happen because they need to.
Whatever seems insignificant now may prove to be essential later.
I was transported to Bharat, to the future, because it was important that I be here. I survived the Fall of Mumbai because I’m important. I wasn’t meant to die. And now, as I weave through the night-time streets of New Delhi, I acknowledge that I have a purpose because it is important, that it’s vital that I alone should complete this task. I need it. I can’t let anyone else do this. It has to be me.
The first time I learned of the Guardians’ aims and intentions, I thought they were mad. They were cultivating a crazed plan to topple their government! But I’ve since seen the tentative way a good portion of Bharatians live, how they tiptoe through their lives for fear of drawing the attention of those they call Dark Soldiers. They might be healthy, well provided for, and in possession of technology way beyond my dreams, but their lives are spent balancing on a dagger’s edge. It’s no way to live. And I’m told that life outside Bharat is much, much worse, that people in the Forgotten Lands don’t have freedom, let alone enough food to keep from starving.
I can’t imagine being permanently hungry, every second of every minute. I’m so lucky to have been brought here and not there.
In the days I have been here, I’ve spent most of my time learning about this world I’m reborn into. There were once twenty four Forgotten Lands and two Cities, the survivors of the savage diseases and solar flares the Bharatians call the Third War—the war between nature and man. Of them, the two Cities remain—one of which is the country I’m now in—and as of yesterday eighteen Forgotten Towns are standing. But that could change at any given moment.
My research means I now know why there are very few elderly men and women here. Years ago, in a Bharat rampant with disease, the sickness cut down the very young and very old as though with a broad sword. Only those in their adolescence and early adulthood remained. A dreadful amount of the population was lost in the Third War. 
Bharatians would have been wiped out completely, but their governing body was smart and they made the people work together to stop the illnesses spreading further. Movement between towns was halted. Great barriers of chain erected around the perimeter of the City, keeping out further Strains. Treatments were developed to stop most of the diseases—some of them, I’m told, were nothing but a common cold, the same kind I caught every year as a child. Strangers were taken into people’s homes and cared for as if by family. Medicine, food, and every other resource needed to live was shared equally between all people, rich or poor. 
Bharat gave every one of its citizens an equal choice. It’s admirable, truly, but I’m not sure I could be so selfless.
There’s a high stone wall around Bharat now, effectively keeping out people with the diseases, and everyone who comes into the City is ‘screened’ for the Strains. Some with weaker versions of the disease are even treated at the borders. But people with the stronger Strains, the deadly ones … they’re forbidden. Anyone who lets them inside the City is executed.
It’s harsh, but it’s effective, and it keeps Bharat from being claimed by sickness again. By severe contrast, the rest of the world is near-irreparable—but not because it has been claimed by nature or disease. Because of the Dark Soldiers of States.
Why the western City is so intent on destroying what remains of the world is a mystery to me. Surely they’d want to unite the Lands, to repair what destruction has wrought apart? But the Dark Soldiers aren’t like the Guardians. Where the Guardians want to piece the world back together, States wants only to sever the fragments even more—until, I suspect, they are the few that remain.
It’s senseless and devoid of logic.
Vast says the Soldiers are scared of us, of what we may do if we choose to rise up against them. They ought to be scared. We are uprising. Other Guardians and leaders are coming from Britain and France, and more too will come—from Europe, Asia, Africa, Australia. The world is fighting back. It makes my stomach flutter. I may not be of this world but it still fills me with pride to see the people rallying for themselves. Humanity as a whole will not be bent, will not be degraded, and will certainly not be cheated out of what it is owed.
In the unwavering heat of nightfall, I slip around a crumbling building and into the open road. And in a second my pride is crushed by sadness. Branwell would love it here. He used to speak of travelling to new, unexplored places. He wanted to go with our aunt and uncle on their adventures, to see the lands where the peculiar devices that decorate their home originated. To see the world.
This world, I think, is one Branwell would like to see.
But then I recall what lays outside this City, the poverty and the misery. I decide I never want my brother to witness that. It is better that he is where he is, wherever that may be. Wherever he’s meant to be.
I rap my gloved knuckles on a concealed door. It opens, spilling orange light onto the pavement, and the grizzled owner beholds me. He says something aggressive in the native language of Delhi, flapping his hands about.
Rasmi Verma, knight in shining armour, detaches herself from my side and introduces us in Hindi, her calm voice lilting and melodious. She graces the man with a bright smile that transforms her aquiline face into something closer to aristocratic beauty. I watch the man melt with admiration. 
Nobody, man or woman, can resist Rasmi’s charm. As we cross the threshold, she shares an exasperated glance with me behind the man’s back. It speaks of something I understand all too well—frustration yet grudging acceptance of man’s singular appreciation for a beautiful face. It doesn’t matter to this man what intelligence and kindness lies beneath Rasmi’s beauty. But at least it gives her something to use to her advantage.
I wonder, after all the years that span between my era and this, how man hasn’t progressed one single bit in how they judge women.
The house we enter is more of a hotel than a home, the hallway full of men and women who brush past us impatiently, none of them seeming to stay very long. Feminine laughter rises from a corner of settees, partially concealed by a beaded screen that hangs from the ceiling to the marble floor. I hurry past them all, my eyes to the floor.
The owner of the house, Mr. Desai, ushers us into a back room painted a warm shade of crimson and gestures for us to take a seat on a large huddle of cushions. I settle myself unsteadily, not yet comfortable with sitting on the floor as is the custom in some Bharatian houses. It still confounds me that there’s such a wealth of difference in our cultures and that I had to learn it for myself. Nobody thought to teach us about Indian culture. Even in this, a simple matter of sitting down to talk, our dissimilarities are stark. How could I have known nothing of this culture before? Frustration boils in my blood.
Such ignorance was bred into me. I’m better than this, better than I was expected to be by my tutors, the men who neglected to educate me properly. Or maybe they knew nothing about India themselves. It’s hard to know the truth but it angers me either way.
Rasmi and Mr. Desai exchange what I take to be pleasantries. He’s a middle aged, round bellied man with a dense grey beard and bushy eyebrows. His skin is pallid, ashen and dull compared to Rasmi’s glowing brown face. He’s unwell, I think, without having any proof. Why would Vast send me to talk to a sickly man? What could he possibly have to offer The Guardians’ cause?
With nothing to do but wait for Rasmi to bring the conversation back to me, my gaze strays around the room. There are miniature tapestries hung over the windows in bright greens and golds, blocking out the umber glow of streetlamps, like curtains. Nothing in this room matches, I realise. It’s a room made up of anything that could be found at the time of decoration. 
It reminds me of my room in the Guardians’ home. It was empty when I arrived. The first night, I tossed and turned on a bare mattress on the dusty floor. The second day I returned after a guided tour by the ever-talkative Garima to find the entire base had donated their things to my cause. Bed covers, a set of drawers, pillows, embroidered fabrics to hang on the walls, even icons of their Gods. Everything needed to make a bedroom. I was instantly humbled and grateful, and a little bit in love with all of them, even if their open stares did make the nape of my neck burn. To be in such a bleak state of existence but to hang onto kindness and compassion in spite of it … That is what keeps me with the Guardians, what stops me from going off on my own—I admire their pure, basic decency. 
In a time of evils they have found the strength to be good.
“Bennet.” Rasmi finally draws me into the conversation. For a quick moment, a pained expression crosses her face. It reveals how very little she enjoys these late night meetings, but the grimace is replaced with neutral attentiveness in a flash. I understand the sentiment. The men we meet are either overzealous or as grumpy as can be. This man is the latter. His expression could curdle milk.
“Let’s do this as quick as it can be done, shall we?” I say. Rasmi dampens down a smile that wants to be wider, brighter. I begin speaking, with Rasmi translating into Hindi, “I am Bennet Ravel, the advocate and associate of The Guardians here in New Delhi. I have come to you with a proposition that will benefit both of us. Change, Mr. Desai, is fast upon us—and you can be instrumental in bringing Bharat into the future.”
His grizzly face doesn’t shift a millimetre. I hold back a sigh. It would be much easier for Mr. Desai if he’d allow himself to be persuaded. Still, at least we came prepared. I take the envelope from my satchel and pass it across the floor. The man’s face drains when he reads the contents and within minutes he is agreeing to anything we ask.
If only all men would be persuaded. If only all men would do whatever they could to change the world for the better. But of course selfishness and greed exist, kept company by indifference and stubbornness. Still, it is possible to change the minds of men. Blackmail and threats have become my close friends. I will do anything to be back with Branwell.

***

Branwell

14:20. 21.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


Honour falls into step beside me. “Thinking about your sister?”
The terrain is uneven beneath my feet so I concentrate on walking. There are rocks embedded in spider-web-like crevices in the road, others crushing under my heavy boots. In the past week I’ve become so used to the sight of the ground beneath my feet that I barely see where I put my feet. “My father,” I say eventually. “I’m thinking about my father.”
Through the heaviness of my father’s memory, I can feel Honour’s eyes equally heavy on me. “He was an inventor, right? Like you?”
“Yes.” I kick the ground and draw in a breath, holding it until I am sure I won’t cry. “But I’m not like him. He was a creator, I’m a scientist.” 
My father was a good man, right until the end, despite The Olympiae tempting him with what I’m sure were unspeakable wonders. I am not good, or bad. I’m not sure I’m anything at all. The memory I hold of my father in my mind is of him letting his inventions gather dust when Bennet caught a cold when we were ten years old. His life depended upon and revolved around his creations, but he gave them up without a second thought when anything was wrong with Bennet or me. When I try to single out a memory of myself, one thing that stands above anything else, I see myself shouting at Benny that father is going to die.
William was caring, hopeful, and faithful. I am unkind, without a hope, and without a care.
“But you made The Depowerer.” Honour attempts to coax me from my snarling thoughts. I hear worry and pity in his voice but it barely pierces the veil of my indifference.
“Copied it. I copied it from something my father invented and altered it to suit my needs. I wasn’t sure it would even function.”
“You were sure. I know you were. You knew it’d work.” 
I yank on the strap of my satchel, wearing the leather down with my nails. “I thought it would work. I knew there was a large chance it could be useless, that it would have done nothing but give false hope. In truth, I had no idea what I was doing. I could have killed yet more people.”
“No.”
“Yes, Honour. You may think you know me but we met only two weeks ago. You do not know me one bit. Quit pretending we are the best of friends.” 
I am twisted and foul but I can’t bring myself to apologise. Nothing I said was a lie.
I take a vicious pleasure in trampling the dirt under my feet. The landscape has closed in from wide, open lands with obvious signs of The Weapon’s destruction—foot-high walls that used to be grand houses, skinny black trees with branches like talons reaching for the ground, a charred husk of a car soldered to the ground—to higher buildings with intact walls, with barriers of glass running their length, with strange equipment sticking out at angles from high windows, a million devices running the length of them.
It becomes increasingly clear that this place is inhabited. Food cartons and cans clatter across the pavement, picked up by the wind. Clothes have been suspended from a wire over our heads and hung out to dry. The buildings look cared for and lived in. This place is something else, something more than the safe towns we deposited civilians in. Those places were lifeless—lacking—but driving on regardless, an undead creature unwilling to lie down. But this town is distinctly alive. The streets are empty but something is thriving and thrumming, hidden just beneath them.
Marie falls into step beside me. I automatically wait for Priya’s light footfalls on my left—they never come.
“That wasn’t very charming of you, my Lord,” Marie drawls with obvious disapproval. She throws a glance over her shoulder to where Priya and Honour walk side by side a way off, making clear she’s referring to the way I spoke to him. “Actually,” she says, “it was downright nasty. Honour’s an alright guy. You could do a lot worse in a friend. At least he’s not likely to stab you in the back like half of the people around here.” She bumps her shoulder into mine until I make eye contact. “You’re not exactly well liked. The Guardians don’t like mysteries or the unknown, and you’re both. You won’t get any of us trying to be your friend.”
I stare ahead, focusing on the backs of people’s heads, the seam of a canvas backpack, the tread a Guardian’s boot leaves in the dirt. I’m sure when this apathy fades, I’ll be ashamed I ever spoke to Honour in such a way. He’s my friend, that’s indisputable. And though I’ve only known him a couple of weeks, circumstance and disaster have forged a friendship I might admit I was dependent upon if I were in a better mind state.
I scratch the back of my neck until my skin is raw.
“I’ll apologise to him.” The shame has hit me sooner than I thought it would.
“Later.” 
The tension in Marie’s voice makes me raise my eyes. There is a group of men and women, all ages, sizes, and colours, several metres in front of us. The strangers’ eyes are intent on us as we follow the Guardian leaders, nearer and nearer with every step. In the washed out light their stares look hostile.

***

Bennet

14:33. 21.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


I used to think everyone who lived on this continent looked the same—dark skin, brown eyes, hair the colour of coal—but I was naïve and narrow-minded to think so. There are so many startling differences between each person in this Guardian building, as many variances as there are between one man and the next in London. It makes me wonder why I thought every Bharatian appeared the same, makes me wonder where I ever got that impression from, when it is quite obviously a lie. My father? My mother? My whole country? Can an entire country of people really be so wrong about the people of India? Could that be possible?
No. I don’t think it could. Someone knows the truth, that the people I share my new home with aren’t as uncivilised or set apart from us as we’ve been led to believe. But why aren’t they telling everyone else? Why doesn’t every man and every woman back home know the wonder, and yet the banality, that is this land and its people?
There is no important difference between Garima and me, other than I am light skinned and she is dark. But would people have me see her as too different to associate with? Too different to be friends with?
I’m questioning many things lately.
I’m especially questioning myself. Even now—I’m questioning the answers I give to myself, because there is a marked difference between Garima and I, a difference that sets us as far apart as worlds in the dark expanse of the sky. 
Garima would know what to do with this contraption, whereas I am pressing every button and switch I can get my fingers on. 
“How in the world do you work?” I hiss at the infernal machine. It doesn’t reply, inanimate as it is, but seems to stare at me through its narrowed eyes. Disapproving, judging. It’s not my fault I don’t know how you function, I argue. I’m from eighteen seventy eight!
“Here.” Vast steps around me to push down a lever I had overlooked. It slides down the side of the metal thing, taking the bread with it, and begins to hum.
“I’m hopeless,” I say, despairing. “I can’t even make food.”
“You’ll get used to it. Don’t worry.” His voice is without inflection. Besides the bright show of emotion when I brought him the supposed Miracle, I’ve never seen him anything but cool headed and even tempered. I suppose being the Guardians’ leader means he has to keep his emotions hidden and allow logic and sense to rule him in the place of feeling and passion. But I still find it odd that he’s constantly robotic.
I could never be like that. I feel far too much.
“I’m glad I found you,” he says, smoothing black hair away from his face. “Garima insists you should be present.”
“Present for what?” My irritation at technology is swallowed by curiosity. Does this have something to do with the vial I smuggled across the town? I’ve been wondering what they planned to do with it. I was told it was a basis for a cure, which I assume means there is work to be done with it, but I know next to nothing. Garima is part of the team tasked with the secret project but for all my bothering her she’s kept her knowledge to herself.
Maybe now the mystery will be uncovered. I press my palms together, excited.
Vast says, “A demonstration,” and I am officially overjoyed. Answers are one thing but to be shown instead of told how things are … I’m starting to really appreciate the way things are run around here.
“After you,” I say, with a single backward glance of longing at my toast as it pops up.
I follow Vast out of the communal lounge and along white washed brick hallways that slope ever downward until we reach a stairwell. 
Biting my lip to dampen a grin that would betray my thrill, I reach for my skirts to give my feet the freedom to swiftly descend the spiral staircase only to remember I no longer wear skirts. My legs are covered by trousers in a light, airy fabric that sways with my every step. I don’t need to lift them to walk; they narrow at my ankles and leave my slippered feet free.
The fashion is something I don’t miss from home. The layers, especially. Although they were necessary to insulate me against the winter chills and ices, there’s a part of me that suspects a different reason. Modesty—but what does that mean and who decides what is modest? If women in Bharat can wander the streets in two, perhaps even one layer of clothing and remain modest, who decided that we had to wear so many more? It strikes me that we suffered so much pain from over-tight corsets and enforced ‘proper’ posture on ourselves for … what reason? Appearance? Because some faceless person decided it was fashionable? Or right?
With every day that passes, with every difference I notice between the old me and the Bennet I have become, I love my home a little less. Maybe, when I’ve completed my task, fulfilled my destiny, and found my brother … maybe I won’t go home.
Maybe I’ll stay.
“You are not here with us,” Vast remarks as we reach the bottom of the dusty stairwell. Under the yellow glare of the flickering light his neutral expression might shift toward compassion. Understanding, maybe, though I fail to see how he understands. He’s hardly a teenage girl from the era of Victoria’s reign who fell into a future world that demanded her fix it.
“No.” I raise my head, prepared to be attentive. “But I am now.”
Vast appraises me. Satisfied, he swings open the silver door that, while he has been pretending to stall me with obvious statements, has been reading the impression of his thumb against the strip of glass set in its handle. One night I mused that I’d slip down here without anyone’s notice and pay my friend Garima a visit, bring her a drink or some cakes perhaps, but I surmised there would be some measure put in place to keep the laboratories secure. I was right. Without Vast’s fingerprint, I’d have no access.
“Bennet!” Garima bounces over as soon as the door opens on the light-flooded laboratory, her hair hidden by a white hijab. Her eyes are wide, her excitement visible in the jittery way she bounces on her heels. Garima, my first friend, is never still and never silent. It’s why I like her, why I chose her, besides her intelligence. She motivates me to keep moving too, to not dwell on things loved and lost.
“You have to see this! The liquid reacts with anything in its immediate surroundings. Water, oxygen, orange juice—all with different reactions. And the colours! I’ve never seen so many in one second. It’s like nothing else. You’ll love it.”
“I’m sure I will.” I pat her arm with a smile. 
Vast has gone to the far end of the room, past a glass partition, where a team of Guardians in white saris and salwar kameez bustle around giant, black tables laden with vials and jars and bottles of all sorts of things. On one table a blue flame trapped inside a glass box flickers unwatched, experiments abandoned for the minute. My heart gives a painful tug. In a flare of fantasy I see my brother here, running around the tables, words of utter, childish joy at the Guardians equipment pouring out of him as fast as torrential rain. His eyes have that wide, glossy look they get when he’s happy, brown hair flopping into his eyes as he spins and spins, not able to decide what to inspect first.
And then the image fades like the ghost it is. My brother isn’t here. My Branwell is gone.
I fix my attention firmly on the scientists. Their hands are gloved, their eyes covered by mirrored glasses that turn flashes of light around the room. “They’re all women,” I notice aloud. My mouth gapes open. “Garima, why are they all women?”
“Vast says men aren’t trustworthy. Women are more efficient. And we’re motivated by compassion and ambition and loyalty, not greed and personal gain and …” She sighs, her hand fluttering through the air. “And I forget the rest. Basically, we’re better than them.”
“At what?”
“At everything. Of course. Also the last man to be let loose in these labs stole something we were working on and sold it to States. It’s now killing people in the Forgotten Lands. We learned our lesson. Men are pigs.”
I laugh. It’s hard to hold in my glee when Garima presents me with such bold and unapologetic ways of thinking. She reminds me of someone I won’t allow myself to remember. Such womanly fierceness!
Garima interlocks her elbow with mine and, without a moment’s warning, darts across the lab, heaving me with her. I tuck my arms in so I don’t knock anything off the tables we fly past. “Could we maybe go a little slower?”
“Slower? Why would we need to go slower? Seconds are ticking, Bennet! We don’t want to lose them.”
She finally stops when we reach the glass wall that separates us from Vast and the science team. The room is three times as wide as the biggest room I’ve ever been in—a ballroom in Carolina and Jeremy’s summer mansion—and twice as high. The room goes on for days and I already feel as though I’ve crossed the Pacific ocean with Garima. I stuff the wayward strands of my hair into my head scarf and straighten my tunic as I catch my breath, face as warm as these Bharatian days.
“So,” I say, inhaling the antiseptic smell of cleanliness as we enter the main laboratory. “Wasn’t there supposed to be a demonstration of some kind?”
Garima races to what I assume is her work station, ever quick. She pointedly ignores a tut from her colleague. I follow my eccentric friend, allowing myself a smirk.
“Finally.” Vast manages to project disapproval without changing an inch of his face or a note of his voice. How does he do that? “I thought you were going to gossip all day.” He switches to Hindi to speak with the other scientists—orders I assume from the way the scientists become a flurry of movement. Beakers and phials are collected and deposited on the table in front of us, and the gold-green-silver-blue ‘cure’ is produced from a locked box.
“You’re familiar with the Miracle,” Vast speaks to me in English, gesturing to a test tube held by a round-faced girl in her twenties with a sea-green hijab. “This is its antithesis. Devika, begin the process now.” The girl, Devika, disappears through a hidden door in the wall to ‘begin the process’. Whatever in the world that means.
I’m irritated by the first part of what Vast said—I am in no way familiar with the Miracle, since nobody will tell me a thing about it—that it takes me a moment to realise what else he said. What is the antithesis of a cure?
A weapon.
I’m flung back to the fear I left in eighteen seventy eight, with my brother on his grief-fuelled manhunt for an organisation that refused to be found. It’s trying to recover the Lux and the Weapon all over again, to stop the destruction that will surely come to pass with them in the wrong hands.  Except this time I’m unsure. Are these the wrong hands for a weapon to be in? Or are these the right hands? Weapons, as well as being tools of ills and evil, can be used for good, for much needed change, for an end to a dark era … can’t they?
I don’t know. 
I raise my eyes to the Guardians’ leader with grim reluctance. “Show me what it does.”

***

Miya

14:44. 21.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


I narrow my eyes at every person in the crowd before us, searching for the biggest threat. I find him—tall, old, weathered, and balding. His hand rests on a big gun, everything about his posture relaxed and easy. He’s a soldier for sure, maybe even ex-Official like Siah, though he’s old enough to have been in one of the armies from before. I’m suspicious of him instantly.
At his side, in the direct centre of the group, is a skinny black girl about Yosiah’s age, her chin stuck out like she’s the most important woman in the world. Her curling white hair draws my attention first but her shrewd eyes hold it. Given where she stands in the middle of the crowd and the way she’s scanning the Guardians— for Alba, I’d guess—this girl must be in charge here. That explains the bleached hair. Rich people in Forgotten London used to do the same. She’s important and powerful and I hate her as instantly as I’m wary of her bodyguard.
Around the blonde girl and the army man, children of all ages have clustered. Women as old as Alba and men even older hold them back. I’ve never seen so many old people in my life. They didn’t exist in Forgotten London. We die before twenty and it’s a fact of life. My mum lived to thirty two because she spent most of our credits on black market drugs, but most of us? Dead. I doubt they have those drugs in Manchester, but how else do they stay alive?
Tom clings to my hand hard, as wary of these people as I am. I catch a red blur moving in my peripheral vision and nearly break my neck spinning to it. Yosiah’s already fastened onto the place I’m looking but there’s nothing there.
“Soldiers,” he says. At my expression he clarifies, “Civilian soldiers, not Officials.”
I nod. When the panic wears off, I’m glad I know what to expect. The old man in the brown dress that took over from Alba introduces himself to the Manchester people, clear and calm, trying, I reckon, to make us appear harmless and friendly. He can speak for himself.
I glance around, catching more creeping figures. They’re all dressed in different colours and styles but I still look for a uniform. Without a way to identify who can kill us, how am I supposed to defend my family? They could turn on us in a second and we’d be caught off guard. I wrap my fingers around the knife at my waist. The blonde woman steps forward with a cold smile.
“Welcome to Manchester.” Her voice is deep, low. She doesn’t seem like she’s going to order her soldiers onto us right now but I don’t risk dropping my guard. “We’re happy to host you here. We’ve cleared a place for you to sleep and a meal will be waiting for you in the square when you’re ready. Treat this town as you would your own.” She gestures to a ginger haired girl in the crowd. “Maddie will show you to your building.”
With a word from our speaker, leader, whatever he is—I should probably pay attention to his name next time—most of The Guardians trail after the girl. At this point I’m pretty sure they’re just following the promise of a bed and food. The Guardians’ council stay behind—Timofei, the old guy in the dress, a man with a huge moustache, an albino guy my age, and a dark woman with the features of a hawk. We stand close by Timofei, right on the edge of being Guardians. We’re not ordered to leave so I guess we qualify as important, thanks to Honour’s celebrity status and our immunity to The Sixteen Strains. 
Nobody has brought up us being immune yet but every time a new Guardian speaks to us I expect them to. Timofei too, sometimes, though I think he’s too weird about his connection to—and his kiss with—Yosiah to pry. Mostly we have two minute conversations, sticking to exciting subjects such as the weather, before he has to rush off to something important. I think he’s scared of Yosiah, to be honest, but I’m not sure why.
The civilian soldiers hovering at the edges converge, forming a ring of bodies around the Manchester people. Holding my knife isn’t enough; I take it out, hold it at my side. Tom glances at it but doesn’t question. Livy looks ready to snatch it out of my hand and attack them herself. It wouldn’t surprise me if she did.
The blonde woman introduces herself formally as Dagné—a name our speaker mispronounces twice, first as Dana, then as Danny, instead of the way she said it: dan-yay. I snort every time he gets it wrong. Dagné’s face darkens at the error. The other Manchester people introduce themselves but I forget all their names except Marc—army guy. I won’t need the rest of their names so why bother remembering them?
Boring pleasantries after boring pleasantries send me yawning. The strangers have the same thought, more and more of them disappearing. Eventually there’s only three—Dagné, Marc, and a sharp faced Asian girl who keeps her head down, either uncomfortable with new people or disinterested. The sword across her back and gun at her hip makes me think the latter. You can’t be shy if you’re a protector.
The Guardians—we—outnumber them now but they don’t seem to notice or care. I make an attempt to listen to them but it’s either strategy and planning that I don’t understand, or enquiries about people we’re missing—it wasn’t just Alba who died in the Hull explosion. The Guardians lost seven. After ten minutes of awkward small talk, we’re guided up a wide street lined with old glass-fronted shops. 
Mangled metal benches are dotted in the middle of the paved road; Tom decides it’s a good idea to jump onto one and balance on the thin bench spine. I grab his hand and yank him down with a stern look. Instead of cringing under the force of my glare he snickers under his breath, pleased with himself. Infuriating little rat.
“Such a child,” Livy mutters, as if she isn’t younger than him.
I tune out Dagné as she blathers on at the front of the group about the self-sufficient state of the town. I couldn’t care less about the canal filtration system—whatever that is—or how they leach electricity from an Official power port a few hours away. 
The Asian woman keeps cutting looks at us, specifically at Honour. I watch her watch him, her small mouth pressed into a thin line. I make a mental note to watch out for her. Whatever reason she has for paying special attention to Honour can’t be good.
Silently, we make the decision to ditch the boring council and the Manchester leaders. Honour and his sister branch off first, joined quickly by Dalmar and Hele, and then the rest of our band just sort of ambles after them. I’ve got no idea where we’re going but the town seems a lot smaller than Forgotten London, so we can’t get that lost.
Apparently we can.
Dalmar sighs for the fifth time, stopping us. We stand in a hopeless, defeated circle to figure out what to do.
“We could just drop here,” I suggest. I feel half dead after all the walking. “The floor looks really comfy.”
“I concur.” Branwell drops to the ground without a second thought. “If only for a few minutes.”
We sit there for an hour in the mouth of a damp alley, with Tom asleep in my lap and Olive against my side, fighting her closing eyes. Dalmar still has a pack of cards, so we improvise a game of poker with small rocks as chips and favours as stakes. I lose one favour to Dalmar, and gain four—two from Honour who sucks at playing, one from Siah who gnashes his teeth at losing to me yet again, and one from Hele who smiles helplessly when she loses.
Eventually two Manchester civilians find us—a stranger and the woman who was watching Honour. She looks at each of us, her lips pursed, and says, “You shouldn’t wander off again. I’ll show you to the Station.”
 On tired legs we make our way to a flat semicircle of a building with a front made entirely of glass and a huge clock face in its centre. The massive space inside has been divided by sheets of plastic and long lengths of fabric pinned and clipped and hammered together to make small ramshackle rooms. We weave our way around corridors of cloth and blankets to four tents huddled against a back wall.
My little family claims a room with two thin beds and a wider one. I suspect it was put together for us, and a cold stone settles in my stomach at that thought. If the people of Manchester already know enough about us to put together a room, what else do they know? I shake my head, my hair so greasy it barely even moves. I’m being paranoid. I need sleep.
Barely awake now, I say bye to everyone and stumble into our tent. I doubt by morning I’ll remember the poker or the favours I’m owed.
Tom crawls into one bed and shuffles around until he finds a comfortable spot—and then he’s out in a second. Livy takes the other small bed, after I insist three times she needs to sleep, and even though she’s huffy about it I can tell she’s relieved when her head hits the pillow.
I watch my siblings like the frantic sister I am until they fall asleep, and then I drop the tension from my body with a long-repressed sigh. I eye Siah as, with gritted teeth, he lowers himself to the larger mattress, our bed. He struggles with his right leg. Badly.
“Alright,” I say. “Enough.” I swing the backpack from my shoulders and pull out the first aid kit. “Roll your pants up.”
“They won’t roll up.” Siah levels me with a look.
“Then take them off.” I fix my jaw, fighting the horrible anxiety in my gut. I’m too tired for this embarrassment. 
The Guardian trousers Yosiah was given have long since changed to a beige-brown colour but even that doesn’t hide the rusty stain that appeared three days ago. I’ve been purposefully ignoring it, telling myself he’s fine, but his leg has obviously got worse so I’m gonna fix it. Yosiah searches me for a long moment, then he removes the dirty jeans, slow and timid. At first I look away but I force my eyes back. I won’t be squeamish or nervous about this, not when Siah’s in obvious pain and I might be able to help. I crouch on the floor in front of his legs and look over the wounds dotted across his amber skin.
“What happened?”
A long, deep scratch cuts across his old jagged scar, surrounded by small cuts and scrapes that have mostly healed. I curse him for not saying anything about it and reach for the first aid kit I stole in Harwich.
“I landed badly when I jumped.” He doesn’t have to say when that was—it’s as sharp between us as a blade against my throat. “Caught my leg on a piece of broken metal.”
I nod, pretending this doesn’t affect me at all. Playing nurse, all proper and emotionless. I clean the deeper wound with antiseptic and smother the scrapes with pain relief cream. “This is infected. You know that, right?”
“Yes.”
I bite my lip against the sharp words on my tongue and dab more antiseptic on the cut, spiteful. Siah clenches his jaw against a moan but the muscle twitching in his cheek is satisfying on its own. “Well, I think it’s clean,” I say, wrapping it more tightly than I need to. I tie off the bandage and jerk at the feel of fingers in my hair. “What—?”
“Thank you. You didn’t have to do that.”
“And let you die?” I scoff. “That’s likely.”
“I won’t die. I’ve been taking antibiotics when you weren’t looking.”
I scowl, sitting back cross-legged. “I’m always looking.”
“I’ve noticed.” His expression turns sly. “Hiding things from you is nearly impossible.”
“Good.” I wrestle my jacket and boots off and survey the thrown-together room. The side walls are made of fabric clipped and sewn together, with a brick wall at our back and two swaths of material making doors at the front. Inside are the three beds and a dark green backpack of—I’m assuming—essentials. I rifle through it as Siah puts his trousers back on.
“How nice of them,” I snort. “They gave us chocolate. Because we’ll die without that for sure.”
Siah, safely clothed, leans forward. “What else?”
“Water and dried meat mostly. Bandages, painkillers. A—I don’t know what this is.” 
I hold it up. Siah squints.
“I think that’s a flare.”
“Oh. Useful. When Officials attack us, we can put on a light show. Make sure even more find us.”
He rolls onto his back. “Stop being belligerent.”
I shove everything back into the bag. There’s a few other things in the pockets that I can feel but I don’t investigate. I can’t be bothered. After my brief bout of anger at Siah, exhaustion has returned.
“Tired?” Yosiah asks.
“What do you think? We’ve been walking for years and sleeping on the ground.”
He pulls me onto my back beside him. This mattress gives us more room than we had in the other beds we’ve shared but a shard of nervousness still lodges in my stomach. “You’re always grumpy when you’re tired,” he says. 
I elbow him in the ribs.
“Thomas said your name in his sleep last night,” he tells me when I’ve become one with the mattress and given up with being angry at everything.
“Yeah?”
“Yeah.” There’s something reluctant about his tone that makes my heart squeeze. I won’t like what comes next. “So I figured—” He inhales a tight breath and says, “Vian. My birth name is Vian. You should know that.”
I prop myself up on an elbow, his words cutting into me for two reasons. I know his name now, the one he was given, not the one he gave himself. And he knows mine. That’s what he meant. Tom said Leah in his sleep. Yosiah knows the name my mother gave me.
“Well,” I force out. “I don’t care about that. You’re Yosiah, end of story.”
His chest deflates. When he echoes my words I feel the same tidal wave of relief. Minutes pass. Yosiah tugs on a lock of my hair until I look up at him.
“We could stay here,” he says. “The Guardians will leave but we don’t have to.” 
I don’t see how this place can be any worse than Forgotten London so I say, “Yeah, why not?”
He half-smiles at me, straightening my hair with his fingers. “I want to stay here,” he tells me quietly.
“We’ve been here like, two hours,” I point out. “You can’t know Manchester yet. What if you hate it?”
“We’ll find somewhere else.”
I look at him long enough that he squirms. “What, in any random town we find?”
“Yeah.”
I let my eyes finally close. “You’re wild, Yosiah.”
“Like you.”
I tilt my head, acknowledging the truth. “Yeah. Like me.”

***

Bennet

15:12. 21.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


I squint at the empty glass dish, wondering how such a boring object should warrant me having to wear plastic glasses despite the dish being trapped behind a glass wall as thick as my arm. I’ve been staring at it for three minutes now, the ticking of the wall clock just about driving me mad. Finally something looks as though it’s going to occur when a strange sort of mechanical arm whirrs to life. From the safety of the lab in which I stand, the team of scientists control its every move. 
Garima has the controller, standing impressively still for once. Waiting for Vast’s permission, she moves the lever on the remote. The metal arm responds to her slightest touch. I switch my attention between the robot and my friend with every second, not sure which to watch. Eventually, I decide to focus on the demonstration. 
With a grating creak, the arm tips a coating of an unnamed blue liquid into the dish. I don’t know what it is—nobody is willing to tell me too many details in case I, like the man who betrayed them before, turn out to be an American spy.
It’s bizarre, I think, that they’d suspect me when I am entirely convinced the government in States is the Olympiae that haunted my past and killed my father. Why would I work for the people who ripped my family apart? I have only motive to do the opposite—to do everything within my power to destroy them. I suspect that thirst for vengeance is what convinced Vast to keep me here in the beginning, when I was only a strange girl with a strange recommendation from Mumbai on thin, rain speckled note paper. That message was all I had and I thank my stars for what I’ve been given, for what this New Delhi home has gifted me: friends, safety, purpose, and hope. Precious hope.
I never thought I would find hope in a clandestine rebellion.
I shake myself out of it and return my concentration to the experiment. The arm now holds a tube of frothy green liquid. Vast does me the rare courtesy of telling me something:  it is a secret formula of chemicals and intent. Honestly, everything that comes from the man’s mouth is enigmatic. It’s maddening. He tells me to keep my eyes on the mannequin they’ve placed in the corner of the demonstration room. It’s supposed to represent a human, flesh and bone. It’s nothing more than a faceless, formless brown blob to me but I take his word of the resemblance to our genetic makeup. 
The vial’s emerald contents are carefully tipped into the dish. A second later, the combined liquids have become a mass that is both liquid and gaseous and rapidly expanding. I see it creeping slowly, a writhing cloud of teal the size of a person now. Out of nowhere, the cloud explodes to fill the room. I start back, a noise of surprise escaping me. I can see very little but sea-green smoke pressed against every wall of the demonstration area, searching, seeking a way outside. I’m suddenly glad this demonstration is contained. I didn’t know it would be this aggressive. 
I can barely see the fake man now, just a dark shape huddled among the viscous air. My hand flies to my chest. It looks … as if the flesh is collapsing. Melting, almost.
“Watch,” Garima says. 
She needn’t. I’m transfixed.
The smoke filters away, the liquid cloud dying down, until the box is the same as it was—glass wall, singular petri dish, robotic arm—with one major exception. The human replica has disintegrated. The solid brown blob is riddled with holes, sunk to the floor in a pool of soupy liquid that I assume was once ‘flesh’. A human … this could have been a real human. Vast said its makeup was identical to ours. Heavens above.
I take an involuntary step back. “I thought this was a cure.”
“No. This is the cure.” 
I narrow my eyes at Vast. This weapon of theirs is exactly what I imagined it would be, times infinity. Why on Earth would they invent something with this sort of power? It was this mindlessness that brought the Sixteen Strains into existence, that killed countless people.
The Guardians are supposed to be saving the world, not dooming it. I am furious.
I direct my fury at the dark haired girl in a gold hijab who breezes past me with the liquid I retrieved from a shadowy ‘ally’ across town. The Miracle. I drop my glare with a sigh. It’s not the girl’s fault—I know nothing about her, nor is she likely to be behind the Guardians actions or plans. She’s nothing but a follower; she does as she is told. Like me. But my anger has to go somewhere, so it goes to her, whoever she is, whatever her name may be.
With effort, I compose myself. The girl slots the Miracle into a hatch beside the glass room, placing it carefully. She steps back to Vast and a locking mechanism echoes through the tall laboratory. That makes sense—only one end of the hatch can be open at a time. Another measure put in place to keep us alive. I’m grateful, if begrudging.
The mechanical arm retrieves the Miracle and the lock echoes again. I’m angry and disinterested now, desiring nothing but to return to my room for some quiet reflection. By which I mean quiet arguing with myself. I want to leave, to get myself away from these people. I know they mean well but they covet danger. 
But I can’t leave them. I need to tough this out to the very end, until I’ve done everything they need of me. For Branwell.
Garima draws my attention by smashing a button on her controller. I flick my eyes back to the demonstration to watch the vial of cure somersault through the air, released from the arm’s grip. The tinkle of glass accompanies it shattering on the floor, the opalescent solution splashing onto the wrecked mannequin. 
“What in the world!” My heart leaps into my mouth. What was that? I can’t make a single lick of sense from what I’m seeing. I glance at the scientists but nobody else looks fazed. Not even Garima. I turn my dumbfounded expression back to the demonstration.
“How many times is that?” Vast asks in English, still very much putting on a show despite my clear horror.
“Four.”
“Four successes.” He claps his hands together, pleased, and how can he not be? The fleshy blob that was reduced to a punctured mess is once again whole. Complete. No parts ripped open, nothing melted, no flaws visible. The only evidence that something was once amiss is the liquid it still sits in.
“What you’re seeing here, Bennet,” Vast says, “is a weapon that can render our enemies incapable of a single attack on us, and the Miracle that can heal the damages and symptoms of this weapon, this new disease, along with the other seventeen. It can also heal burns both minor and major, internal bleeding, organ failure, and other ailments that were once fatal.”
“So this can … save people?”
“Save people?” He laughs. “Bennet, this can save the entire world.”
I shake my head, still far from convinced. “I don’t see why you need the first one, the weapon. What good will it do?”
Vast adjusts the fabric wrapped around his head, thinking. “To change for good, sometimes change for the worse is necessary. Good and bad … there has to be a balance. Nature demands it. I could not ask States’ Ordering Body to stop these atrocities without having something to counter them, to persuade them away from their ways to ours.
“For them to see how unforgivable what they are doing is, they need to experience it. We need to reduce them to what they have reduced the rest of the world to. Change demands knowledge, and knowledge demands experience. They have to experience the lowest of lows.” 
He takes a deep breath, catching his impassioned rant before it gets out of control. “That is what the disease is for. It will not be used on their foot soldiers, who only do as they are told for fear of their own lives, but on the people who control and command without repercussion.”
The Dark Soldiers … fear for their lives? But aren’t they the evil ones, the people I’ve been told are wrong? Those propagating the world’s ills? I massage the pain in my temples. When will this world begin to make sense?
“It’s a karma of sorts,” Vast says, and his tone signals the end of that conversation.
Farewell answers, I think, it was nice knowing you.
“I’ll show you out.” He covers the lab in long strides before I have chance to follow. I scurry across the shining floor after him, squeezing through the glass partition and across the outer laboratory. Looking around, I wonder how many people this lab was built to hold. I think of the hallway where my room is, full of spare, empty rooms and wonder how much larger the Guardians’ numbers should be. And if this base was once full, what happened to the others? Where did they go?
“I hope I have answered several of your burning questions,” Vast comments as he secures the outer door behind us. I think this will be the first and last time I am permitted entrance to the labs.
“Yes,” I say, polite, though inside I am restless. Some questions may have been answered but a hundred more have sprung up in their place. The loudest of which is one simple word, echoed again and again.
Seventeen?
What did he mean by ‘the other seventeen’? Sixteen Strains. The other seventeen.
What other nightmare have they unleashed?

***

Bennet

09:58. 22.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


I have a busy day today and I’m glad of it. I can’t entertain a single thought about the Miracle or the Guardians secret disease. I can’t decide whether I’m repulsed or relieved that they both exist and until I do, I’ve resolved to think of neither of them.
Armed with hidden knowledge, weighted with the task of persuading valuable individuals to our cause, and with Rasmi at my side, I step onto the busy market street. I lose myself in the chaotic rhythm of snaking my way around rickshaws and people with their arms full, children dawdling and others sprinting from one side of the street to another.
The heat today is blazing, sapping my energy almost as soon as I’m under the full weight of it. I pull my scarf closer around my face and lower my head. I never knew weather could be this blistering before now. “Why is it so hot today?” I ask. “It’s October. Shouldn’t it be colder?”
Rasmi shrugs. “The weather does what it wants. There’s nothing we can do about it.”
“Maybe I can convince it to rain. I can be quite persuasive when I want to be.”
“I hope so.” Rasmi takes my arm, bringing me out of the path of a group of rampaging women. 
With Rasmi’s hand on my elbow I’m removed from this place for a suspended moment and jolted back to a different time and a different city. My memory conjures the precise memory of Hyde Park in summertime, the scent of the crisp grass, the fresh blooms and their delicate sweetness. It was hot that day and even though a hundred ladies were parading in their thick skirts and crinoline, as if the temperature didn’t bother them, the heat bore down on me so hard I had to find a precious seat on one of the benches.
Joel’s hand didn’t waver from my elbow, concerned though he had no right to be. He wasn’t a suitor, or a brother, or anything at all. Not to the gentlemen and high society women strolling past, their eyes keen and ears greedy for any piece of gossip. Joel was my valet, and a valet my age at that. He should not have been looking at me in that way, with concern and something else altogether. 
Thinking back on it now I wonder how that small point of contact made the suffocating heat and loud buzz of voices fade to nothing. I can’t imagine a touch lessening the effects of the heat now.
“Bennet!” Rasmi halts me just as I’m about to step into the middle of a busy road. I shake my head to clear it and apologise, eyes sweeping the Delhi street to ground me in the present. The colours, the noise, the liveliness manage to bring me back to myself.
I’m not that foolish girl anymore. If Joel were here, escorting me around this town, I wouldn’t blush at his attention and steady gaze. I’d remove his hand from my elbow and tell him to ask permission to touch me in future, because the women of this age can protest, can argue, can speak. And then, very plainly, I would tell him that I loved him. Because I do, and this new age has emboldened me.
That was why he brought me comfort on that long ago sunny day, why I didn’t spare a single thought to what those higher class ladies thought of me spending time with him—because I believed, without a shred of doubt, that I would marry Joel. And I suppose I would have, had I not been caught up in the mystery and murder of the Olympiae Club. If I hadn’t been brought to the future. Social scandal be damned, Joel Andrew Sparks should have been mine.
I suspect his heart belonged to me as much as mine belongs to him, but what good does that do me now?
I run my thumb over the scratched surface of the bracelet around my wrist, the one I have yet to remove. It’s darkened and dulled now, worn by dirt and scrapes. I bet if I went home nobody would believe what I’ve been doing. Well, that’s not quite true—a wry smile twists my lips—Carolina would believe what I have to tell her, I’m sure.
“Do you think you could pay attention?” Rasmi enquires as we walk. “Should I get someone else to do this? You seem busy.”
I smile at her, sweetness and venom. “Forgive me for being preoccupied. It’s not as if I’ve travelled hundreds of years into the present and lost everything I hold dear, is it? I suppose I have no reason for being distracted.”
She drops her gaze to the floor. 
A wisp of guilt moves through my stomach—I know I’m in an unkind mood—but I reason it away. She should feel ashamed. I do not, by any stretch of anyone’s imagination, need to be here. I have the whole world ahead of me and nothing to tie me to Bharat, let alone Delhi. I help the Guardians because I believe in their cause and I want to do some good with my life—but I could as soon do good elsewhere. I’m sure there are Forgotten Lands that would accept me with open arms, grateful for the help.
If these Bharatians continue to punish me for missing my home, for remembering the times I spent with my loved ones, for yearning for the familiar earthy scent of the one who had my heart, they will soon lose my commitment. I will go somewhere I can reminisce and mourn my lost life as much as I desire, where the people are understanding and grateful enough for my aid that they don’t reprimand me.
If Mumbai’s God is true, after all, I am a saviour. A bringer of change and summoner of light to the dark world. They ought to be careful not to anger or upset me, or this summoner of light will take her rays to the opposite side of the world and resume her own quest. She will find her brother, wherever he is, dead or alive.
Maybe I should do that anyway. Abandon this righteous assignment, get Branwell—no matter how many years I have to search—and go home—no matter how many scientists I must bribe to accomplish it.
But I can’t do that. Of course I can’t.
I wrap my fingers around the silver handle and pull the glass door aside. I leave my past on the cracked black road outside, in the hands of yelling mothers and groaning teenagers.
There are people relying on me, desperate for the freedom they have only ever heard rumours of. Whispers. Promises no one would surely believe lest their hopes prove false. Children in the Forgotten Lands who struggle for food and water, who have become shallow versions of themselves, held back, held silent, for fear of consequence. For fear of death.
The Dark Soldiers rule everyone with vows to slaughter lest a single voice be raised, a thought be spoken, an action taken. And I—Bennet Josephine Ravel, a girl of sixteen years, daughter of a genius father and a charity founder mother, sister to a boy whose scientific experiments would have changed the world, could still change the world—am the Dark Soldiers’ downfall, the people’s redemption.
I slide into a shiny orange bench in the diner, folding my hands together atop the table, and I breathe and breathe and breathe until I’m resolved.
No more doubts.
No more choices between the past and the present. Between one person—no matter how ferociously I love my brother, no matter how much he means to me—and a whole population oppressed.
I sit straight as I was taught to, long ago, by my aunt in place of my mother, and I wait for the Guardian ally I’m meeting.

***

Honour

10:41. 22.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


Something bad is happening to me and I don’t know what it is. A side effect of being a carrier? Something the Officials did to me when I was in Underground London Zone and then wiped my memory of?
I’m starting to wish I had some of that stuff myself, whatever drug made me forget. I wish I could forget I was a carrier, a killer of God knows how many people—people I’ve bumped into on the streets of F.L., men I’ve hit in bar fights for money, random acquaintances who died without warning. How many of those were burnt on a mound in Hyde Park because of me?
Not knowing anything would be better than this. Being a carrier was one thing but being altered, changed to States’s design … that’s something else. Why is anyone letting me live? What’s the point?
A new bruise is blooming on my arm, my fingernails dug into skin that looks pallid despite the sunshine that’s decided to show its face. On any other day, in any other life, I’d turn my face up and bask in the warmth—nice weather, who would have guessed it actually existed? But not today, not this year, not this lifetime. I’m a killer of innocent people and I’m miserable. I don’t want the sun. I lower my head, staring at the ground as I walk. Little stones push their way through the crevices in my boot soles to cut into my feet. I ignore the pricks of skin being scraped open.
I pull my jacket closer around my chest. Not because it’s cold but because it might lessen my carrier threat. Might, because I have no idea what can stop it. Nothing, probably. It’s in my blood and I can’t get it out. We don’t have enough time or equipment to strap me to a table and find out what’s really pumping through my veins. Blood or poison? It’s anyone’s guess.
I pinch my skin harder and the flare of pain chases away my hectic thoughts. I shouldn’t be turning to pain for clarity—God knows how messed up that is—but compared to the rest of my existence it’s a blip of an issue.
“What the hell?” I hiss, ducking behind a building. Eyes narrowed, I peer around its edge to the street beyond it.
Two teenage guys, one in jeans and a hoodie, the other in a green button down shirt and shorts. No uniform, but they’re obviously guards. They patrol the road, walking lazily from one end to the other, carrying a conversation across the distance. I see guns slung haphazardly across their shoulders, and relaxed postures—clearly they’re not expecting a threat—but their presence still makes me uneasy. What are they blocking? Is it something in one of the buildings just past them, or are they Manchester’s barrier? The town boundary? 
Are they keeping us in?
Do they tell Manchester’s people it’s for their safety, like the Officials did?
I flatten myself against the dirty wall, laughing bitterly. Nothing ever changes does it? We might have left Forgotten London behind but I see evidence of all its bad parts in every place we go. I thought we left to escape being trapped but now these soldiers are trapping us in pretty much the same way.
Do humans even know how to live without barriers and rules, or is this just our natural state? I guess the question I really want to ask myself is this: will we ever be free?
I don’t think we will. Even without States and the Officials, we’ll always find new ways to trap ourselves.
I leave the soldiers and the barred road behind and weave through the free streets of the city. The simplicity of walking calls up memories of home, when I would cross the zones to see Hele and Dalmar, when despite the horrors and death of London, it was still possible to find pleasure in the little things. I always loved walking, being able to set my own pace, being alone with my thoughts. Making decisions for myself—what routes I choose, when I stop for breaks, how relentlessly I push myself. The one thing I never allowed myself to do was run. Running always makes you look guilty, and in a city ruled by an iron fist looking guilty is the exact opposite of staying alive.
But what’s stopping me now?
The wind is gentle but still brushes against my arms as I take off my jacket and tie it around my waist. I look around myself, making sure I’m well and truly alone. And then I run.
The wind becomes harsher as I throw my body through the air, flying over the ground. It’s exhilarating and freeing.
I don’t last two blocks.
I collapse against the side of an old nightclub, wheezing, my hands on my knees. Apparently the miles and miles of walking didn’t make me a pro runner. Pity. It’s probably the only thing that’ll keep me alive when the Officials catch up with us. I don’t have a natural instinct for fighting, which makes me a runner.
A runner who can’t really run.
How am I still alive?
The wind masks the footsteps so I don’t hear them until they’re right on top of me. I sigh, turning around to face the civilian soldiers who apparently followed me on my little run. I don’t know how I’ll explain it. Maybe I’ll say I needed to stretch my legs, or exercise, or train to kill my enemies. I don’t know. Chances are I’ll say the first thing that comes into my head and it’ll be really dumb.
I pivot on my heel, attempting to hide my frustration. My first day truly alone and I’ve been interrupted. I could’ve guessed I’d—
My stomach drops to my feet. For a weightless second I can’t move. All I can do is stare hopelessly at the sight in front of me and try—fail—to process it.
Officials.
Three of them.
Here.
I knew this would happen—I knew it and I told everyone but none of them listened. They said it was safe here, said these people hadn’t seen an Official attack since the days of the flares, but they were wrong. I knew they were wrong. And here is the proof: two men and a woman, electric guns strapped to their waists, clothed in bulky black pants and jackets with red piping down the sleeves and collars. Red. The colour of blood. Of my blood. They’re going to kill me.
As if in slow motion, every Official raises a hand and presses it to their right eye in the President’s salute. Their palms are open to the sky, fingers straight and pointing, stained and bloody.
I stare at the guns in their left hands, all three pointed at my chest, the flat disc of glass on the end of the barrel glowing, powering up, ready to rip me apart, to sear my flesh. I’m so paralysed that for a moment I forget I’m capable of movement. I can lift my feet and walk and run. 
I burst into action without warning.
I pump my arms to give me speed, the thought of becoming a charred husk flashing through my mind repeatedly. I don’t want to be like that. I don’t want to leave my family. I don’t want to die. 
An Official grabs the back of my shirt, hauling me back, and the neck of my shirt rips with how frantically I’m pulling away. Furious panic makes me breathless. I’m spun around, brought close to the female Official’s face as she stares into my eyes, spitting words at me I can’t hear. Each of my breaths comes faster and shorter than the last until I’m sure I’ll never be able to fill my lungs again.
Acting on instinct I shove one of my trembling fists into the Official’s stomach. She snaps her mouth shut and digs her fingers into my shoulders. Pain flashes down my arm. Why isn’t she killing me? Is she going to torture me? 
Ignoring the building pressure in my head, the blurring edges of my vision, the buildings that are swaying, I hit out again. My palm connects with her ribs. I look frantically, trying to point the one clear spot of my vision at the other two Officials—but they’re nowhere in sight.
Gone for back up. Gone for more. More Officials.
I gasp. I choke. I can’t breathe.
My eyes blur, tears springing into existence and rolling down my cheeks. I let them flow. I’m going to die. What difference will crying make?
“Honour!” This time I hear the Official but she sounds wrong. I get the tiniest hold on my breathing. It sounded like … 
“Dalmar?”
“It’s me. I’m right here.”
The Official’s hands become less like claws and more like the reassuring press of a friend’s. The words change from threatening hisses to worried questions and hurried comforts. I drop to my knees. It takes time and effort but eventually I’m able to shove my panic down. Deep, deep down.
What … what just happened?
“It’s me,” Dal repeats, kneeling beside me. “Can you see me now?”
“Yeah.”  My throat is raw. I don’t remember screaming but I must have. Anyone could have heard me—thank God it was only Dalmar and not a Manchester soldier.
He grips my shaking hands and exhales a long breath. “Thank God for that. Do you know what that was? What just happened?”
I shake my head, pushing the heels of my hands against my eyes. I take in breath after breath, blowing them out slowly. I scrape all my courage together and ask the question that has filled my head, pulsing with every second that passes.
I scrub away the tears and look at my friend, my brother. “What is wrong with me?”

***

Miya

12:43. 22.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


My hands are raw, red, and peeling. I’m not used to housework of any kind—it goes against every bone in my body—but Saga won’t let us break a single Manchester rule and the rules say everyone has to do something useful. He’s sucking up. I’m not sure why we even need these people. They don’t have a secret armoury of weapons, only the battered and faulty guns their guard carry, and even though they have a small army, they’re all people and not soldiers.
But we couldn’t possibly offend these people and risk them not helping us. That’s what the Guardian leaders keep saying—we need their help. Not we need their guns, or we need their people to fight with us. No, we need their help. So here I’ve been all morning, scrubbing laundry, my hands tingling and stinging in the places skin has rubbed away. All because we need their help.
Livy is in a worse state than me. She’s only supposed to be rinsing the clothes that are muddy and passing them to me, but the weight of the water logged shirts and jeans are taking their toll on her thin arms. Her jaw is clenched against the ache and she refuses to let it get the better of her but she shouldn’t have to do this. These aren’t our clothes. This isn’t our town.
“Go if you want,” I say, wiping sweat from my forehead with the back of my hand. This work would be a lot easier if the wall in front of us wasn’t covered in windows, the sun heating the laundry hall to a sweltering degree. “I’ll cover for you.”
She shakes her head. Stubborn. “I can do this.”
I wring a red shirt and throw it into a basket to be taken outside to dry. “Do you really want to?”
Livy glares. “I can do this. I’m doing it.”
“Fine.” I scrub the next shirt harder than I need to, pressing my lips into a thin line to trap in any words that might escape. 
I have to be careful around Olive and Tom. They’re my family, but they haven’t been with me for two years. Livy is barely starting to trust me again and Thomas still looks at me like I’m some kind of magical fairy that’s come to grant him wishes. Like he can’t believe I exist. I’m tiptoeing around them, policing my words so I don’t say the wrong thing. So I don’t turn Livy against me. One slip up and I could lose them for good. 
I’m their big sister, not their mother—they’ve got no obligation to stay with me. I’m not like mum. You have to stay with your parents no matter what because they’re your parents. You don’t get a choice. But sisters? You can live without your sister. Estranged, people call it. I’ve heard talk about estranged brothers and aunts and God knows who else—people you don’t want or need in your life.
I’m not gonna be that to Tom and Livy. Not after we survived all this shit.
I bite the inside of my lip until I’ve stopped seeing red. It’s not Livy’s fault she’s grown up stubborn and independent. It’s mine and mum’s. Someone should have been raising her these past few years, making sure she grows up happy and good and cared for, but instead she’s brought herself up. I don’t like how hardened she’s become. I miss who she used to be.
She’s always had a mouth on her—she got that from me—and her manners were more or less non-existent, but she was different. Childish. That’s the difference between the Livy I remember and the Livy beside me. In my memory she’s still a kid but in reality she’s an adult. An adult at ten years old. Fuck. For that and that alone I hate Forgotten London. What would she have been like if we lived in States? Maybe someone would have stepped in to help, instead of leaving my family to deal with life alone. Maybe someone would have reported mum—maybe there’d have been someone to report mum to.
I almost pull my shoulder out of its socket with how hard I throw another shirt into the basket. There’s no point thinking about this. We don’t live in States and we never did. I hold in a breath, let it out slowly, and ask, “Are you alright?”
I don’t remember ever asking Livy how she was and I should have. I watch her from the corner of my eye; she’s stretching her arms, staring out the dirty window at the line of buildings across the street, at the people with baskets of food in their arms, at the dark haired Manchester woman pacing the road barking orders I can’t hear through the wall. She makes me uneasy, that woman. There’s something about her I don’t like, and it’s not entirely the way she watches us too closely or the way every soldier listens to her without question.
I clench my jaw and drag my attention back to my sister. 
Sometimes I forget she’s a year younger than Thomas, that she’s the baby of our family. Tom has always been the weakest of us. It makes him seem younger than he is. I think that’s my fault—I coddled him too much when he was young, because he was sickly and tiny. He’s still tiny, but that doesn’t mean he needs me to baby him, and it doesn’t mean Livy doesn’t need me to. I should look after her more—look after her better.
In the two years I’ve been gone from her life I haven’t forgotten how to be a sister, but I have forgotten what I was to my brother and sister. I’ve forgotten how to be a mother.
“I’m fine.” Livy turns to me, pursing her lips. “I used to do the washing at home. I’m used to it.”
“I didn’t just mean this.” I stab a finger at the dirty water in front of us. “I meant everything. How are you … dealing with it?”
“I’m not.” Livy bats a strand of dark hair out of her face. I keep trying to connect her juvenile face and her mature attitude. “I’m not dealing with it. I’m ignoring it. I don’t even want to think about it. So I’m not.”
I try to bite down on a smile but she sees it. She sounded so much like a petulant kid throwing a tantrum just then that it took me off guard. 
Livy gives me the finger.
“Sorry.” I bump my shoulder against hers. “I’m ignoring a lot, too.”
“Yeah?” She hauls a pair of jeans into the sink, groaning at the backlash of muddy water that sprays at her T-shirt. I wince inwardly at the mauling of a perfectly clean shirt. “Like what?”
I didn’t think she’d ask. I thought she’d just bite off another remark and close the conversation as usual. I drag the words from myself before I can think about them. “Like mum.”
Livy goes still, dropping the jeans with a wet thud. I’ve screwed up. I shouldn’t have mentioned mum.  We haven’t spoken about her—not even Thomas has. If we don’t talk about her she won’t be gone. She won’t be here either, but it’s not like she’s … dead.
It’s suddenly hard to swallow, panic grabbing me without warning. I automatically seek Siah but of course he’s not here. Manchester people are, along with all their other asshole qualities, sexist. Siah’s helping the builders repair some fallen house somewhere because building is men’s work and women—obviously—are meant for laundry. 
I shake the water off my hands, my gut swimming with sickness. This is the first time I’ve let myself think about mum and I wish I’d carried on pretending. I didn’t realise loss could make you physically ill but that’s what it feels like right now. Like I’m coming down with a Strain and I’ll be dead by the end of the day.
“Hey.” Livy’s hand is small and cold on mine. She grips my fingers. “Miya?” I don’t answer her. “What do I do? What do you need me to do?”
I shake my head. There’s nothing she can do. This is me. I made myself this way—my feelings, my panic—and I can fix myself. I just need to calm down. I’ve felt this way before, strangled and out of control. I used to get like this back when I first found Siah, when he’d leave to steal food or supplies and I’d panic that he’d never come back. That I’d be fending for myself alone again, that I’d be recaptured by Officials and they’d jab the needles back in my—
Breathe, I hiss at myself. It’s hard but I’m persistent. I hold onto what Yosiah has told me when I’ve been this way before. After a while I can control myself again. I think of good things: safety, family, the future.
As soon I’m back to normal, I shrug off Livy’s concern and meet the stares of Manchester residents with cold glares. All I hear for a long while is the sloshing of water and my bruising attempt at laundry.
Eventually, Livy says, “I miss her too. I know she wasn’t a good mum or anything but she’s our mum. Was our mum. I mean—I know how you feel.”
“That’s just it.” My laugh comes out twisted. “That’s exactly my problem. I don’t miss her. At all. I’m glad she’s gone, glad there’s no chance I’ll ever see her again. She was a bitch and she hurt me. Every day I was home, she’d find some way to hit me or throw something at me or make sure the knife slipped when I was making tea. She’d find the smallest thing to punish me for. And when I stood up to her, what did she do? She kicked me out. Made me homeless. I nearly died. I was caught by Officials, I was—” 
I say, very slowly, “I don’t miss her for a single minute. She made my life a living hell and I’m glad she’s not here to wreck the smallest bit of good I found for myself.”
“I know.” She won’t look at me. “I know.”
Pointedly ignoring the tightness in my throat, I rest a damp hand on Livy’s back, communicating in the best way I can how sorry I am and how glad I am she’s here. I’m still not good with being open but I’m trying.
That’s gotta count for something.
“You wanna go out later?” Livy asks casually. “Do something? Tom says there’s a cool building on the outskirts of town. ”
I summon a smile. “Yeah, why not?” Beginning to feel a bit more like myself I add, “Think we could take a detour? I saw some trainers in one of the shops on the way in just begging to be stolen.”
Livy’s answering smile is a flash of white light in her pale brown face.

***

Bennet

10:29. 22.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


Today’s locale is a rank diner. Shiny orange seats reflect the sickly yellow lights that swing from the ceiling, the metal tables have a number of dried-on liquids I’d rather not think about, and the staff barely blink at my arrival let alone rush to attend on me. Were I here for food, I suspect I’d have to get it myself. I can’t even stomach the thought of eating something from this place. The scent in the air is a noxious mix of burnt potatoes, boiled vegetables, and spices so strong they turn my stomach.
It’s all I can do to keep my breakfast down as I slip into one of the seats, the silk of my sari sliding over the pocked vinyl surface. It might be a vile place but it was chosen for a reason. Nobody would think a conclave that could potentially affect the entire planet was happening in somewhere such as this. Important meetings take place in marble-white buildings in Connaught Place, not in back street restaurants in Chandni Chowk.
The potential Guardian ally I’m persuading today is a Statesman. I assumed I would meet a male, as the name suggests, but it seems Statesman is a term given to anyone who hails from the City. The Guardian ally is a white woman, kind faced and large bodied. A keen eye suggests intelligence and watchfulness, which must be what lends her to being a spy. She looks too kindly to be plotting behind one’s back, too motherly to be scheming—but that is exactly what she does when she’s in her home City.
So far she’s the first ally I’ve met whose language I can speak, even if some of her nuances are odd. I’m here to influence her to take a major role in the Guardians’ plan, but I haven’t the faintest idea where to begin.
“Thank you for coming,” I say, leaning close so she can hear me over the chatter that fills these walls.
She tips her head forward in acknowledgement but remains silent, waiting for me to say what I’ve come to. Just say it, Bennet.
“The Guardians and I would like you to be a part of our long-term offense on States.” I try not to let out a frustrated sigh. Those are Vast’s words. I need to put this in my own. I have to be convincing if I’m to win her over. If I’m to get the device that will find my brother. “We have a weapon,” I say, “that could change everything. But we need it in States and we don’t have a safe way of getting into the country.” After a moment, I correct, “City, I mean. All the Guardians already in the City have no way of getting out and we can’t send anymore in. The security, I’m told, is excessive at present.”
“I know all this,” the woman says. “What do you need of me?”
“To take this weapon and give it to one of our Guardians in States.”
“That’s all?”
I pause, thinking of how exactly Garima worded her explanation. “It’s a biological weapon. There is much danger to you in transporting it alone, but if you’re found in possession of it—”
“Officials will kill me,” she finishes.
“It’s not only that. They will certainly kill you, but they’ll also be in possession of a disease capable of reducing the world’s population to nothing. We can’t have that happen. There is already too much sickness, too much suffering.”
I know that first hand. Vast keeps making me watch their videos of Strains victims in the Forgotten Lands. I can’t stand it but I have little choice. I must make myself aware of the terrors this world has in store for me. I must harden myself to armoured ivory. If that means watching a hundred people die, I’ll do it. To heal the world, I must be intimately acquainted with its illness, and what I’ve found is its illness is little more than pure greed.
I suspected this already but now I have the proof. I’ve heard my brother and cousin’s accounts of what transpired in that house in the past, with the man who bragged, threatened, and vanished. I know he spoke of a new world, about changing history, about being Gods. That is who leads this States, I’m sure of it. I never saw his face personally—I was too busy grieving and sulking—so I can’t verify my suspicions. But I’d be willing to stake my life on him being the President of States in this day and age. It’s his greed that has left the world in this ravaged state.
It will be me and a hundred score Guardians’ honour and selflessness that saves it. I know this for certain but I’m not sure how to get to that point. I know I possess everything I need to bring down the President—the man who, if I’m correct, killed my father. I know the Guardians have a plan and that, if it succeeds, will wrestle control away from those unworthy of having it. I know all the different elements of our strategy but I can’t for the life of me put them together to form a path to reach my end destination.
It seems impossible. 
But despite that, I have to go on. No matter how bleak or unfeasible it seems, we have to try. I have to try to free these people, to follow the Guardians’ wishes, because they are the only people with the technology capable of getting me to Branwell.
I have to stop these doubts. They do no good, serve no purpose. I serve a purpose—that’s all I need to know.
Sucking in clammy air, I say, “If you agree to transport this weapon of ours, to get it safely to men and women who can do good with it, you’ll be rewarded with a position on the council of the new world.”
I keep being hit, over and over, by the hypocrisy and the irony of what I’m preaching. A weapon to save the world? Weapons only wreak destruction—I know this personally and it makes me nauseous to think of it happening again. But what other choice do I have? The Guardians have tried everything else: isolating themselves, growing a great influence over States, building an army, funding peace keepers. Nothing so far has worked. We need this. We need to tear down the Ordering Body. Only then can the Guardians put a stop to this for good. Only then can they inject growth and health and development into the remaining lands and people.
I bite down on my tongue, tasting the tang of my own blood. Stop doubting.
Before I can speak, she says, “If I’m going to do this, I want insurance.”
“Insurance?” I glance automatically to my left, seeking Rasmi’s opinion but she’s not here. I’m on my own. “Insurance for what?”
“For my life, of course.” The woman smiles. She doesn’t have a name, or at least doesn’t tell people her given name. The Guardians call her V, but it feels odd to call a woman by a letter. What does it stand for? Victoria? Veronica? I’m so given to my preoccupation that I’m slow to process her words.
Peering at V, I ask, “What do you require?” 
Her face doesn’t twitch a single millimetre but there is something about the angle of her head, the wideness of her eyes, that indicates eagerness. She wants something from me—needs it. She says, “I want to know the Guardians won’t dismiss me as collateral. I know these people. They’re ruthless. They don’t care who’s hurt or killed as long as it serves the greater good. I want to know extra care will be taken with my life, that I won’t be put in more danger than is really necessary, and I want to have the utmost level of protection. I’m very attached to the idea of living, Bennet.”
“I understand.” More than I’m willing to admit. “What do you want me to tell the Guardians?” I produce a notebook and a pencil from my bag, and take down her exact words. I’ve written a whole sentence before I realise what it means. “You want what?”
“I want you to come with me,” she repeats. “The Guardians value your life. Their superiors say you’re not to be harmed. If you come with me they won’t be careless with my task, or my life, because it will directly affect yours.”
“No,” I say instantly. “I haven’t the slightest idea who you are. You don’t even have a name. I don’t trust you one bit, and I do not want to travel across the world with you in possession of a deadly weapon deigned to kill men. Thank you, but no.”
V shrugs. “Then my answer is also no. You’ll have to find someone else to get your weapon into States.”
I cross my arms over my chest, feeling frustration and anger so pure it burns a hole through me, loosing words I should have censored. “Listen here, woman. I need you to do this for the Guardians, I need you to get that infernal weapon into the City and I need you to be secretive and successful about it. If you do it well, the Guardians will give you as much power and money as your tiny mind can imagine—but if you refuse, an unfathomable number of lives will be lost. Can you honestly say you want to be responsible for innocent lives lost?”
“What makes you think I’m not already?”
My back slaps the orange seat as I jerk away from her.
“No woman gets to my position without being responsible for lives lost.” Her smile is wry. “If you were trying to convince me to help you, you’ve failed.”
I blow a breath through my nose. If we didn’t desperately need this woman, I’d walk out right now. “Fine,” I say. “Then I’m done convincing you. You need something from The Guardians and it’s clear as day. Agree to this and I’ll see about getting you what you want. You’re right when you say the Guardians value me. For some reason or other, I’m important to them, which lends me a say in what they do. They listen to me, and they’re more likely than not to agree to your terms when I present them. Now tell me—what do you want of me?”
The precise lack of emotion on V’s face falters. Her eyes become glossy hunger. She’s not only interested in what the Guardians can offer her. She’s desperate for it. “There’s a twenty year old man in one of States’s prisons. He’s being held for spreading propaganda, due for release never. I want the Guardians to free him.”
Oh. That’s not exactly what I expected. I thought she’d say something along the lines of ‘You have a thousand years old jewel I covet’ or ‘there’s a scroll that dates back to the dawn of time and I desire it’. Not a man in a cell she wants us to release.
“Is he guilty?” I ask.
“Yes.” V’s smile makes me nervous. I think this woman is very dangerous. “But isn’t that exactly what you’re doing with the Guardians? Spreading propaganda?”
I nod, conceding her point.
She runs a hand over her brown hair, flattening several wayward strands as she ponders me. “What do you want with the Guardians? You don’t strike me as agreeing with their guerrilla ways. They want to kill people to remove the Ordering Body. Are you okay with that?”
“I do what I have to.”
“You’re guarded. Good. You’ll need to be.”
“Enough.” I put my things back in my satchel, annoyed. “I’m leaving in exactly one minute, so tell me—are you going to help us or not?”
“I’ll help you. But I still want my insurance.”
“Why?” I count numbers in my head until I’ve stopped wanting to wring this woman’s neck. I’m not sure whether it’s the heat, the despicable location, or the frantic need to be back with my family that’s stripping me of my composure. I’m supposed to be cool and restrained, but right now I’d love to spit a hundred threats in this woman’s face until she agrees to comply.
Who am I becoming?
What am I becoming?
“Why,” I say slowly, “do you need me to come with you? Why not someone else? There’s more than one person in the Guardians’ base marked for ‘great things’. Why not take one of them with you? They’re more experienced with things such as this and, for one thing, they’ll be trained in any number of defensive moves. They could be the security you asked for. It makes no sense to take me along with you. I’m nothing but a girl.”
V’s deliberate smile doesn’t waver. “You know, I was nothing but a girl once. But now I’m the mayor of the biggest state in the City. You ask me why, but I’m not really sure. You remind me of myself. With guidance I think you could be very remarkable.”
I get to my feet, a disgusting peeling noise alerting me to a sweaty back. Wonderful. Adjusting the material over my stomach, I say, “I am already quite remarkable, thank you very much.” I have journeyed through time itself. Who does this woman think she is to reduce me to a common girl? And while we’re at it, what in the world is wrong with being ordinary? I’d give anything to be unremarkable, to have a husband and children and a menial life.
With a forced smile I add, “I will tell the Guardians of your request and acceptance. I’ll convince them to free your prisoner. But I won’t accompany you.”
I begin making my way between the grimy booths, my slippers squelching against the floor with every step.
“They aren’t the only ones who can help you, you know?”
I throw a heated glance over my shoulder. “I do not need your help.”
“You will.” V catches up to me and presses a note into my palm. “Everyone needs my help eventually.”

***

Honour

07:48. 23.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


I slept for hours last night so I feel more awake today than I have all week. Unfortunately, it means my mind is clear enough to drag up all the crap in my life. My body feels weird, like my bones are made of liquid, so I take this as proof of being the President’s weapon, a carrier. Heat slides through my veins, from my chest down through my body, and I imagine it’s the Strains I’m carrying, just waiting for me to pass them on and murder someone. Did the vaccine have any effect at all?
How many people have been infected because of me?
How many people have I killed?
I stumble through the massive communal room, around tents made of fabric and plastic lean-tos, until I find the way out. The blustering air cools my face, brings back the clear state of mind I woke up with, and I breathe in the smell of wood burning and food cooking. I follow the scent of food.
A woman stops me on the path that runs along a small river, a Guardian judging by the fact she knows my name. “What’s the assignment for today?” she asks. It takes me a second to realise she’s serious. She genuinely thinks that I, Honour Frie, colossal fuck up, have answers. 
As if I would know anything. I’m a teenager. Practically a child, and a clueless one at that. There are some kids out there who are more intelligent than most adults but I’m sure as hell not one of them. “Dunno,” I answer with a shrug. I don’t even apologise. I guess I’m rude as well as incompetent.
I catch a flash of colour in the corner of my eye and spot a woman with black hair and a serious expression striding towards me. I can’t deal with more Guardians wanting things I can’t give them. I don’t want to talk to anyone.
I veer off from the river, walking fast. I need to get away from the Guardians and Manchester residents, all of them indistinguishable from each other in their dirty clothes. We were given a pack of things when we got here, clothes included, so even I blend into the anonymous crowd of people. I could be anyone, ally or enemy. Nobody can tell the difference anymore.
Back home it was easy—normal colours meant friend, black uniforms meant enemy, and the Guardians in their pure white uniforms didn’t even exist to most of us.
But here? Everyone’s in civilian colours. There’s no way to know who is a guard and who’s just a regular person. Well, until I turn down a road I’m apparently forbidden from taking. Three guys my age with beaten up guns step out of nowhere and block me off.
“Where are you going?” a burly, dark skinned boy asks unkindly.
“I’m just walking.” I hold up my hands in surrender. “Not really going anywhere. I just needed to get away from my family.” Forcing a laugh, I add, “You know how it is.”
“Not really. All my family are dead.”
That went well. “Sorry about that. I’ll just turn around and go back, then?”
A lanky Hispanic kid gestures at the muscular guy I presume is the ringleader of their little trio. The other doesn’t speak or move, just watches me with obvious boredom.
“That’s the saviour kid, isn’t it? The one everyone’s always going on about? Courage or something?”
“Honour.” The dark guy smirks. “I know who he is. The goody two shoes who thinks he’s better than everyone.”
I can’t help but laugh at that. Me? I think I’m better than everyone else? If you were inside my head with all my self-loathing you wouldn’t be saying that. 
“I don’t want any trouble,” I say instead. “I’m leaving.” I turn on my heel, skin pricking at having my back to them. I shove my fists into my jacket pockets and walk quickly back down the road. I should have stayed in the town centre. But how was I supposed to know they’d be lurking around here, acting all superior with their old guns? We haven’t been told which roads are restricted, haven’t even been told that roads are restricted.
“Mote, don’t!”
Before I can question what ‘Mote’ is doing, a bolt of pain hits the back of my neck, searing and intense, shards of it echoing down my nerves. My knees buckle with the shock of it and I drop to the floor. With my hands still stuffed in my pockets, the gravel bites into my cheek, scraping skin and blood from my face.
I can smell scorched flesh, which I guess must be from the burning at the back of my head. Pain vibrates in my veins.
I spit stones and dirt, my blood boiling. I’m about to drag myself to my feet and lay into this Mote guy—screw the consequences—but a different heat surges through my body, separate and much more powerful than the first wave. The first was pain but this is agony, consuming and complete.
“Get up,” the guy spits from above me.
“He doesn’t look good, Mote. He should be back up by now. Maybe he’s having some kind of reaction.”
“Good for him. Grab his arms. We’ll take him to the cells.”
“For what? All he did was walk.”
It’s not possible for me to burn any hotter but the heat builds anyway. My chest is full of fire, rib cage straining to fit even more scorching pain inside me. 
“Breaking the rules,” Mote says. His voice is muffled, distant. “He tried to leave Manchester.”
I attempt to speak. My words evaporate on my swollen tongue. 
Rough hands dig into my armpits and haul me up, my pumps dragging on the gritty floor. There’s rain falling, which soothes the heat on my neck but does nothing to quell the furnace inside me. I’m going to die—God knows where, with three assholes I don’t even know.
Screw this, I think. Screw everything. I don’t want to die.
My body doesn’t listen to me. 
I burn. All goes dark.

***

Branwell

09:07. 23.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


The light that streams through the half-moon window is cool and silver, the sky outside a grey so pale it appears white against the metallic veins of the glass. High above me strips of glass spread out from the main window like rays of the sun. They interrupt the dimness of the communal bedroom with bright beams; inside them dust motes twirl hand in hand in an elaborate waltz. For somewhere so bleak it’s very pretty. I’ve noticed that about Manchester, more than I did in Forgotten London—the architecture around the town is as fanciful and elegant as it was in my home, my London.
And much like home it’s forever raining.
Raindrops splatter my face as I step outside, firmly closing the door behind me. I tip my head down against it as I cross the lifeless road and squeeze into a back street only wide enough for two people to fit side by side. Making my way to the inner centre, the town quiet and lazy around me, there’s nothing to hear but the pounding of the rain as it hits my coat, my boots, the ground.
Hunching down further against the raindrops, now pounding the top of my head hard enough to leave a sting, I cross a square of grey bricks and wilting grass to duck under a dry awning. Blissfully guarded against the worst of the weather, I lower myself to the paving stones beside a gutted storefront. I heroically overlook the smell of rain, wet grass, and urine. Public places are so lovely, these days.
My jeans don’t budge from where they are now glued to my legs as I spread them out in front of me. I close my eyes. Every day has been so hectic lately that I’ve hardly had time to stop and catch my thoughts—let alone process them. The only time I have a moment to think is at night, and most days I’m so exhausted I fall instantly into nightmare-plagued sleep. 
I see my sister’s face in most of my dreams, her long brown hair loose and tangled, so far from her usual neat chignon that it hurts my heart even in sleep. Last night she stood watching me from a white cliff so high above the beach I found myself on, the wind whipping her hair around her face. Impossibly, I could see the sadness in her eyes despite the precipice between us. The peculiar sharpness of dreams picked out the familiar green of her eyes, her high cheekbones, the olive tone of her skin.
It hurts to remember.
Bennet has become an indistinct shape in my mind, but in my sleep she’s as bright and lovely as she ever was. I miss my sister so much. I want her back.
I have discovered a new family here in the future, in Honour and Dalmar and Priya and the Guardians, but it isn’t the same. It isn’t enough.
I want to go back. I hadn’t realised until this moment of solitude but I desperately want to go back. As much as I love the people in my new life … it’s not enough to keep me here. If I find a way, I’m going home.
“Branwell.”
The whisper is almost drowned out by the rain but I hear it. Looking up, I don’t know who I expect to see. Honour, maybe. I‘m jolted at the sight of Horatia, tall and thin in sleek jeans and a navy blue pea coat. Wet black hair clings to her face, accentuating the apples of her cheeks, and water drips down her straight nose to splatter the ground at her feet.
I stumble to my feet. “What is it? What has happened?” Horatia wouldn’t seek me out for anything short of an emergency. Despite the time we’ve spent in each other’s presence, I do not think she’d come to me for simple company. Something bad has happened. Fear is waking up a trembling in my hands.
“Honour,” she says, and the ground has dropped beneath me. I have tripped into hell itself. I cover my mouth with the back of my hand, willing this sudden nausea to pass.
“Where is he?” My voice emerges as something strangled. “Do you know where he is?”
She nods, her dark eyes tracking the emotions on my face. 
“Take me to him.”


Horatia and I scurry through corridors rich in ancient grandeur. High stone arches overhead are made bright silver by the churning sky outside, light blazing through tall, vaulted windows. At any other time, I might have stopped to admire the building, to trace the delicate lacework of engravings in the bricks, but there is only one thing on my mind in this moment.
Honour.
He’s in this old city hall somewhere, locked underground in a cell I can only imagine as rank, damp, and despicable. Adrenaline and fear force me faster but my body is incapable. I trip on an imperfection in the stone, a lance of pain shooting up my ankle. I let out a curse word I’ve not spoken before, heart pounding. I’m suddenly afraid this tiny delay will be the difference between finding Honour alive or dead. 
I can’t know what’s wrong, what’s happened to him—Horatia explained succinctly, before we pushed through the high double doors of the city hall, that she knew her brother was hurt and needed help, and that Dalmar threatened the Manchester council until he discovered Honour was being held in these cells. For what reason, nobody knows. And we don’t know how serious it is, whether he is only imprisoned or has but seconds left to live.
Tears stinging my eyes, I pull myself back to my feet.
Horatia touches my shoulder. “Okay?” she asks in that quiet way of speaking she has, as if she daren’t speak louder than a whisper or the demons of grief will return to drag her to darker depths.
I give her a stiff nod. “I’ll be fine when we find him.”
We set off running again, and I try to push my pace even more, my leather satchel slapping the backs of my legs with every movement. By the time we reach the end of the hallway where a group of Manchester strangers has collected, I’m out of breath. Pain spreads across my ribs.
“You can’t go down there.” This comes from a balding man in camouflage trousers. He points the barrel of a gun at Horatia and me. “Nobody else is allowed down. Dagné’s orders.”
My eyes burn a path of hatred. I remember this man, Dagné’s body guard, her main soldier. He drew my attention when we first arrived in Manchester. He reminds me of a bald eagle, sharp and predatory. Marc, that is his name. I stored it away in my mind because there is something so casual about his hold on a weapon that makes my stomach uneasy.
While I’m thinking quickly, desperate for a way to persuade Marc to let us pass, Horatia darts forward like a viper. She takes the man completely off guard, dropping him with a quick series of moves—a kick to the ankle, an elbow to his stomach, a knee to his groin. She clutches my hand before the others can retaliate, using their surprise to get us away.
She guides me into a dark alcove and down the stone steps hidden by it.
“Where did you learn that?” I ask, stunned. 
Horatia turns her head, showing me her smile—bright and pained. “Marrin taught me.”
We lapse into silence as I pick my way carefully down the concave steps. Eventually I ask her the question that followed me all the way across town. “Why did you come for me?” 
I trip on the edge of a step but catch my balance. I wish I had the Illuminum—one of my father’s creations—to light our way. The scent of damp keeps the darkness company, setting my every nerve on edge. This is no place for any person, alive or dead. Before the thought of Honour dead can fester, Horatia speaks.
“You matter to my brother,” she says. “And I think he matters to you.”
“He does,” I agree. “Very much.”
The steps become even narrower the further we go. It physically pains me to slow my steps but if I fall and knock myself unconscious, I’ll be no good to anybody. 
The space at the bottom smells of rot and moss, vomit and something bitter I can’t place. I taste them all as I suck in a needy breath of air. It’s too dark to see more than a few feet in front of me, but I’m glad of it. I don’t want to see a single thing but Honour Frie, alive and safe. People are supposed to die in comfortable beds when they’re old and have twenty children. Not when they’re fifteen and full of so much unrealised potential, so much light and good and vitality.
I won’t let him die down here. I can’t let him die down here.
I can’t let Honour die at all. And that’s what hurts me the most—I have no hand in whether Honour dies or survives. I don’t even know what ails him. But I need him to live.
“Here.” Horatia grasps my hand and leads me into pure darkness.
“How can you see?” I ask, throat swollen.
“I just can.”
I’m guided down a short corridor, to a shallow cell with rusted bars and a flickering yellow light. Three guards—two scrawny young men no older than myself and an Asian woman in her twenties I’ve seen around this town—attempt to block our entrance. Horatia jabs her fist into the ribs of one boy and the jaw of another. The woman steps aside, her mouth shifting into the slightest smile.
I don’t have time to be awed by Horatia’s efficiency because this sickly light gives me enough illumination to see Dalmar and Timofei inside the cell, crouched beside a black lump on the floor.
I shove through the cell door and drop beside my friend, searching his face for signs of life. With trembling fingers I touch his side, biting down on a sob of relief at the feverish warmth, the sweat soaking his cotton shirt. If he’s warm, he’s alive.
“Is he going to die?”
“I think so.” Dalmar’s words are no more than a breath. I daren’t take my eyes off Honour but I know I’d find Dalmar grief stricken if I did.
“What happened?” Fear surfaces as anger, my voice hard and sharp as flint. I don’t mean to snap. I don’t apologise either. “Who did this?”
“Guards at the town edge,” Timofei seethes. “They swear they didn’t do anything but I don’t believe a word of it. I think they did something to—” 
He cuts himself off so abruptly that I tear my eyes from Honour. “Finish your sentence.”
Timofei shares a look with Dalmar, anger tinged with regret. “I think they accidentally triggered the vaccine I gave him back in the base.”
“But you said—you said there wouldn’t be warning signs. You said he’d just drop dead.”
“And he did. He has minutes, Branwell, at most.”
“God.”
“There’s no God here,” Timofei mutters, but I don’t hear anything after that. Sounds merge into one cacophonous buzz, pierced only by the heavy echoes of my heart beating my grief and disbelief and unacceptance. Honour cannot die.
He can’t.
I need him.
I need him. It’s with that realisation that I spring into action. I’ve lost my father, my sister, and—many years ago—my mother and brother. I refuse to let anyone else slip into the claws of death. If Honour is going to die and Timofei thinks it’s because of the vaccine, the disease in his system, I have absolutely nothing to lose.
I tip the contents of my satchel onto the floor, wincing at the riotous clash of metal and glass and mirror on stone. I grip the Cure in white knuckles.
“What are you doing?” Dalmar eyes the syringe-gun in my hand with suspicion.
“The only thing I can think to do.” I plunge the needle into Honour’s arm, pulling the Cure’s trigger. I don’t have time to sterilize it but I’ll take my chances and Honour’s for him. An infection can’t hurt if he’s already dead.
I watch Honour obsessively as I slowly release the trigger, the steel barrel becoming heavier as it removes the disease. Through a window of glass, I watch the Cure fill with a green-white substance that may or may not be responsible for killing Honour. He’s still breathing, barely, his breaths few and far between and horribly shallow when they come. His face is ashen, the skin around his eyes much darker than the rest of him.
It’s too late. He’s already dead. 
I pull the Cure from Honour’s arm and slam my thumb on a brass button, discharging the virus into the corner, far from us. The times I’ve used the Cure before, it has only taken two full syringes to clean the blood. But will it be the same for Honour, this close to death? I just act, using the Cure to pull more of the disease from Honour and praying—begging—that it works. The green substance only fills half the syringe before it turns to blood, red and ordinary.
I remove the needle. 
And I wait.
Dalmar is watching me with a questioning gaze I don’t have answers for, and Timofei looks as if he’s connected the dots and worked out what I’ve done. What I think I’ve done. Horatia has come to stand behind me, her hand on my shoulder strong and steady.
In the minutes we sit there, watching Honour’s unmoving form for signs of resuscitation, it’s Horatia who gives me strength. She keeps me sitting there instead of running out of this prison, through the heavy city hall doors, and fleeing this town entirely.
A gasp escapes Honour.
My voice is a strangled creature. “Honour? Please say you can hear me.”
He coughs and I burst out crying. Horatia’s hand presses soothing circles into my shoulder, reminding me so painfully of Bennet.
Through a wavering veil, I watch Timofei check Honour. He reels back a moment later. “He’s better,” he says. Seconds pass before he says to Dalmar, “I think we could move him now.”
“We’ll take him to the Station.”
I wipe my eyes with the back of my hands. “I’m coming with you.”
Dalmar gives me a look, as if it’s ludicrous to think I’d be left behind. “Of course.”
Timofei manoeuvres Honour into his arms. A voice says, “You can’t take him out. It’s against the rules.” 
I start, spinning around. Of course. The guards. I’d forgotten.
Dalmar stands swiftly, the veins at his neck straining and his jaw set—warning signs the guard overlooks. Horatia grabs one of my makeshift weapons from the floor—a piece of glass attached to an old tool handle with tape and string. She stands ready beside Dalmar, her chin tipped up, expression daring. Dalmar, I notice, has drawn a rusted dagger. I join them, wielding the Cure still half-filled with the deadly toxin it sucked from Honour’s blood. The three of us must look exceptionally pitiful but the guard takes a step back, as if we are a hellish sight with our amateur weapons. It is our expressions, I think, the looks in our eyes.
In this moment, with death a hair’s breadth away, we are fearsome and fearless. We have beaten death, so what are these feeble guards to us? Absolutely nothing is the clear answer, and they know it too. All three of them edge away, the two boys running back along the hallway. The woman scrutinises Honour with glassy eyes but doesn’t stop us as we push past.
“Move,” Dalmar says. “They’ll bring others.”
“So what?” There’s a crooked, savage grin playing about Horatia’s mouth. I’m inclined to agree with her. What in this world could possibly stop us now?
I glance at Honour held in Timofei’s arms, still unconscious but with colour returning to his skin. I know now, without a shadow of a doubt, that I would do anything for him. I say, “Let them come,” and I mean it. I would face down Gods and demons to protect Honour. What are men compared to them? Men are nothing.

***

Miya

12:03. 23.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


The dark haired soldier who was fixated on Honour when we first came in approaches me while I’m wandering the town. “Can I talk to you?” she asks.
I watch her from the corner of my eye. “About what?”
“Your friend.” 
She doesn’t offer anything else, motioning to one of the mangled benches that line the high street. I perch on the edge, putting distance between us. She just watches me. I watch her back, narrow my eyes at the golden bird tattooed on her face.
“Why are you so interested in Honour?” I ask.
She gazes at something down the road: two children chasing each other in a circle. “Not him. This is about—I don’t know what he calls himself.” With a fake smile she faces me and says, “The boy you travel with, the one you’re closely bonded to. I think he’s my brother.”
The bench slams into the back of my knees as I shoot up. Yosiah? What the hell is she talking about? I bite down on the inside of my cheek until blood fills my mouth. “That’s bullshit.”
“Would you just ask him?” She runs her hands over her hair. I don’t know why—it’s short and straight and not a hair out of place. “Ask him if he has a sister called Kari. Tell him I’m here.”
I narrow my eyes, defensive. If this woman is Yosiah’s sister, so what? That changes nothing. I don’t know why everything in me is screaming that she’ll ruin my life, that he’ll stay with her instead of me. He wants to stay in Manchester, isn’t that what he said? If she is his sister, that gives him a major reason to stay. I suck in a tight breath and decide I’ve got no choice now. I have to stay in this town. No way am I losing Yosiah.
“Fine,” I sigh. “I’ll ask.” I almost walk away but if she is his sister, I need to know. So does Siah. If this woman is a liar, I don’t want to get his hopes up. I know he misses his family—it’s clear in the way he watches me with Livy and Tom. I raise my eyes to Kari’s, unflinching. “What’s your brother’s name?”
Kari’s gaze lingers on my face, trying to read me. A flash of irritation shows she found nothing. “Vian Yosiah Merchant.”
So he has a sister? I shouldn’t be hurt he didn’t tell me. I never told him about my brother or sister. We keep our pasts hidden for a reason. It’s better if no one knows who we are—or at least it’s better that way for me. The Officials have done shit to me that I want to forget. If everyone knows my real name, maybe States’ll find out too, and then they’ll torture me again. I’m not risking that.
I’ve been quiet for far too long. Kari has locked onto my emotion. God knows what she saw. I meet her gaze steadily, ignoring the way Yosiah’s amber eyes stare back at me. “What do you want?” I spit. “What do you want from him?”
She looks away, struggling with pain or anger. “I want my brother to know I’m here. I haven’t seen him in years. The last time I saw him—” She snaps her jaw shut. There are tears in her voice but none on her face. Clearly I’m not the only one who wears masks. “I’ve been looking for him for so long. I was told a group of kids had been smuggled out of the fence and he was among them. Clearly that was a lie. I thought he was dead. If he thinks the same about me, I want him to know I’m alive and I’m here if he wants to find me.”
“Well.” I give her a stiff nod. How am I supposed to tell Siah the sister he never told me about is alive and demanding to see him? “Congrats, you found him.”
I walk away from Kari and the way she looks at me like I’m something dangerous and disgusting she doesn’t want to get close to. She thinks I won’t tell Siah what she said. As if I’d keep something this big from him. I’m not that bad a person. Well—maybe I am but not to Siah. Yosiah is the exception to every one of my rules.


13:18. 23.10.2040. The Free Lands, Manchester.


I lower myself onto the mattress in the room I share with Yosiah and hand him a half-empty bottle of whiskey I swiped from the food hall.
“No thanks,” he says automatically, barely even looking up from the book he’s reading.
“Take it. You’re gonna need it.”
In an instant he goes from relaxed to alert. “What is it?”
“Do you have a sister?” I watch him for any sign of a lie. He tenses at the question, looking away, and I know he doesn’t want to talk about this. I know it’s true.
“I used to,” he says.
I take a gulp of the alcohol and tell him, “You still do. I met her today. She told me to ask if you had a sister called Kari.”
Hope and disbelief make him look vulnerable, younger. “You …”
“Yeah. She’s here with the Manchester people. She said she’d been looking for you.”
“But she’s—I saw.” He’s shaking his head over and over as if he can’t get an image out of it.
I close my fingers around his wrist. “She kinda looks like you. And she said your name—your birth name.” His eyes turn unbearably sad. “Is your surname Merchant?” I add, smirking.
“Yeah.” His eyes narrow. “What?”
“That’s a stupid name.”
He gives me a little shove, his face falling into an expression I’m familiar with. He’s offended and amused and about to retort something heavy on the sarcasm. “Your surname is Vanella, Miya. You can make fun of me when your name doesn’t sound like a luxury food.”
I make a face, glaring half-heartedly. “How did you find that out? I doubt Tom would say that in his sleep.”
His grin is sly. Damn my sister!
I launch myself on top of him, pinning him to the mattress and fighting him harmlessly. It’s less me being annoyed by his remark than it is distracting him from whatever memory he was drawn into.
Siah pushes against my ribs with the heel of his hand, not even trying to unseat me from him. I thump his leg—the uninjured one—and he pinches my shoulder. He flips our positions, looming above me as if he’d actually hurt me. His face is moulded into an aggressive mask that might scare someone else. I run my fingers over the thin skin over his ribs and he laughs breathlessly, always so ticklish. 
“Never let me find a secret weapon,” I say. “I’ll always exploit it.”
He scowls.
I smirk up at him, smug at having the upper hand and he—of course he does—he kisses me. I push him away with my palm. His sigh of disappointment clouds the cold air.
“You have to stop doing that,” I say. I feel like my insides are squirming but I won’t let this happen. I’ll fight it for as long as I can. I won’t let myself be discarded like all the other girls I’ve known. And even if he doesn’t use me and leave, I don’t want to be Yosiah’s Girl. If I let myself be with him that’s all I’ll be from then on. I’ll stop being Miya, just a possession, a girl and a man’s name.
He brushes my shoulder and climbs off me. “That was the last time, I promise.”
“Yeah.” I frown, unable to understand why the heaviness in my chest didn’t leave with his touch. It should’ve gone. 
Siah grabs his coat, shrugging it on. He says, “I’m going to find my sister.”
“Okay.” I can’t meet his eyes. “Good luck.”
I watch his feet walk out of the fabric doorway.

***

Honour

10:06. 24.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


Almost dying can give you a new perspective on life.
I’m not going to re-evaluate my whole existence or make any major life choices, but my breakfast tastes twice as good knowing that I might never have eaten again, the pancakes sweet on my tongue. The sky looks bluer than I remember it but it might just be a rare sunny day in October. Either way, I’m pretty happy to not be dead.
I wear just a blue T-shirt over my chest, letting the cold in the cafeteria prick my skin in a cool reminder that I’m alive. The scolding heat in my veins is something I won’t forget soon. It was like the times I’d burnt my hands on the stove at home but a hundred times worse, and on the inside of my body. If Bran hadn’t used his invention on me I don’t know what would’ve happened.
I shiver and not just from the cold.
As I shovel syrupy pancakes into my mouth, Timofei sits on the other side of the table. His dark eyes scan me. “You scared us all yesterday. We thought you were dead for sure.”
“I was,” I say. “Apparently. I don’t really remember much.” Except the heat.
“I do. It wasn’t nice to watch.” He takes a long swig of water. “Lucky we have the time traveller.”
The way he says it makes my temper spike. “He has a name.” I push away from the table, breakfast now heavy in my stomach. Is that how he thinks of us? Is that how all the Guardians think of us? Not even as people, just things that come in handy every now and then.
When my anger doesn’t get any more potent I realise I don’t care. I couldn’t give a crap what these people think of me. I’m grateful they took me in and gave my sister and friends a safe place and I’m especially grateful they got us safely out of Forgotten London before it Fell. But they don’t matter to me, not like Tia and Dal and Hele and Bran. Not like Miya and Yosiah and John.
“Honour that’s not what I meant. Sit down. Please.”
My scowl loses heat when I see the way he’s looking at me. If eyes could beg, his would. I sit back down. “What do you want from me? Guessing this isn’t you trying to be my friend.”
He shrugs, no remorse on his face at using me. Actually, when I look closer I can’t find an expression at all. He’s completely without emotion. I’m about to think something irritated, about him being a robot, but I’m wrong. Of course I am. My cold annoyance warms and wanes. With all the crap going on, with being immersed in a new town, with my and every one of my family’s growing struggles, I’d forgotten that Timofei and Alba were close.
The grief isn’t so noticeable on him like on Bran and Tia and Dalmar but it’s there. I should have seen it. When I first met Timofei in a dark, unused Underground station he was sarcastic, friendly, and joked around with Dalmar. I’ve seen him angry and calculating, assertive and composed, amused and affectionate. There’s always an emotion written clearly on his face but now there’s nothing. He’s a blank shell.
I’m an idiot.
“Are you doing okay?” I ask.
His face doesn’t change. “I’m fine. But the Guardians aren’t. They’ve lost hope. We’ve lost hope.”
“Because of Alba.” I let out a long breath. “Do you think we should have a memorial for her, like we did with the people that died in Forgotten London?”
Timofei looks away. “That’s a nice idea. I’ll propose it to the council. But what I wanted to talk to you about—what I wanted to ask you—is whether you’d consider being more active in your role as the Unnamed’s successor.”
I scrape the edge off one of my nails. “I don’t have a role. I’m just the son of a dead guy.”
“Do you remember when you first arrived in the base? People were looking to you to save them. You were a symbol of hope and freedom. As far as people are concerned, you came through and they got their freedom.” He sighs. “It just seems to me that you could help. You joined us and not long after, we were free of the fence. Now … it feels like we’re wandering aimlessly. We have a plan, of course, but it just feels like going through the motions.”
He glances at me and then away again. “We need fire, passion, a reason to fight. Grief has crushed us and we can’t be blamed for that, but we need to move on from it.”
“We need to forget our families, you mean.”
“You’re very blunt, Honour.”
“I’m right, though, aren’t I? That’s what you mean. You want us to pretend nobody died. You want me to be like … a rebellion leader. Because half my family is dead and my dad was famous. I’m not him, you know? I never even met the guy.” My laugh is sharp. “You all want me to be something I won’t ever be.”
“We want a figurehead, not a leader. You don’t have to organise anything or attack anyone. Just talk, make people remember what States have done. Remind us why we fight.”
I chew my lip until it bleeds. “I don’t know how to do that. I don’t want to. If people don’t wanna fight, they don’t wanna fight. I’m not going to manipulate them into it. I’m not the President.”
I’m just his weapon.
“I know.” Timofei casts a look around the mostly empty cafeteria. “And speaking of, he made a national address to States, an attempt to stop the rebellions growing in half of their towns.” With the most emotion I’ve heard from him in this whole conversation, even if it is slightly terrifying and promises revenge, he adds, “It’s become a major problem for the President and the Ordering Body. They can’t control their own people.”
I swallow the lump in my throat, flashing back to a glass building and a brittle promise. Marrin told me to organise the rebellion in States into a full blown revolution—right before he sacrificed himself. He wanted Tia to lead it, to lead the people, but she’s in silent agony because of his death, because I left him in a shining tower in Underground London Zone, an obvious target for the Officials. He betrayed his father, his own Statesmen, for my sister. And I left him there to die.
It’s my fault Marrin died, my fault Tia’s mute—if this is what I’m meant to do in recompense for that, it’s a small thing to ask. Some deity or God or maker has put this in my path. I’m not much of a believer in religion but I believe in karma and I believe in fate. “What do you want me to do?”

***

Bennet

10:59. 24.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


The Guardians’ home has a dusty old smell no matter what time of day it is or what wing or tunnel I visit. Even in the mornings and evenings, with the scent of food infusing the rooms, it’s still possible to smell the musty history of this place.
I don’t know how long these tunnels have been built but it must be a long time. Maybe they even date back to my age. I suppose someone would be able to tell me if I asked, but I don’t much care. I don’t care about anything these days besides getting my jobs done until I can be with Branwell again.
The pangs that used to claim my heart when I thought about my brother have become dull aches I can ignore. I think I’m slowly accepting the idea of never being able to find him, of my brother being lost to this world forever. If he ever arrived in this world at all. Maybe he’s still home, being fussed over by a frantic Carolina, Jeremy’s colleagues doing everything they can to track me down.
I bite my lip, tasting the bitter iron of my blood. I cannot think about my family. I can only think about here and now, what is in front of me, and my family are nowhere to be seen. If I think about the people I love, I’ll be caught in the storming winds of my loss and deposited in a place where only paralysing grief reigns.
I’m not willing to let that happen.
I stumbled yesterday, during one of my aimless walks around the building. I was perfectly fine, enjoying the quiet of morning, when I came up short at a leaking pipe. It was the most stupid thing, just an exposed piece of pipe against a painted white brick wall, but I burst into tears at the sight of it. There was water pooling on the floor tiles, and I must have stood there for minutes upon minutes because the puddle grew to wet my slippers, all the while tears slipped down my cheeks. And all I can remember thinking was Joel would never let the hallway get in such a state.
I came undone, crying over a leaking pipe and a lost loved one. It was embarrassing and soul crushing, the intensity of the pain in my chest taking over everything. No matter how strongly I told myself I was being silly, that crying was counterproductive and would lead only to more crying, I couldn’t stop the moisture building in my eyes. The pressure behind my eyelids was almost as bad as the ache in my chest.
I’m not sure how long I stood there. Garima found me eventually and coaxed me away, her usually bubbling voice quietened to a comforting lull. I came out of my stupor an hour later, my slippers soaking the sheets of my bed and my face crusted with dried tears. I have never felt so hollow in my life. The pure emptiness of emotion, the numbness, the void—that is why I can’t allow myself to be drawn into thoughts of Branwell or Joel or my cousins. Because if I look back, I’ll be swallowed by the maelstrom of absolute emptiness, and I’m afraid that if I stay in that void for too long I’ll be drained of all emotion. I’ll never feel a thing again.
I know it has a name, that hollow feeling, but I never knew you could grieve for someone who wasn’t dead.
Shaking off the memory, I hitch up the skirt of my brown sari and make my way down the stairs to the laboratories. Vast awaits me at the bottom of the stairwell, and at the sight of me coming around the corner, he unlocks the great metal door with the imprint of his thumb on the handle.
He’s barely pulled the door open when Garima breezes past, an orange hijab around her face to match the warm umber ensemble she’s wearing. I don’t have a name for it—it’s nothing I’ve seen—but the skirt looks similar to that of a sari, elegant pleats around the bottom dotted with golden embroidery. Her stomach is covered by only a sheer drape of fabric with orange flowers, her modesty barely protected by a small wrap of silk. It’s a true sight to see her out of the colourless Guardian saris.
“Oh,” she says in English. “I forgot about the demonstration. I made plans.”
Vast’s brow furrows. “What kind of plans?”
“I have a date.” Garima raises her chin, daring an argument. The sickly light catches on gold dust painted around her eyes, and with the beautiful clothes Garima could be a Goddess deigning to exist amongst us feeble mortals. Vast is as stunned as I am.
He recovers quicker than I do, demanding to know who she’s going on a date with. I myself am privy to this bit of knowledge—Garima has done nothing but ramble on about the man ever since he asked for her company. They’re going to ‘see a film’, the modern day equivalent of going to the theatre. It sounds very romantic and Garima is brimming with excitement. I’m happy to see her happiness.
“Be careful,” he says seriously. “You know boys can get the wrong sort of idea.”
Garima’s narrow eyes are a herald of war. “I don’t know what that’s supposed to mean.” She says something in her native language and then switches back to add, “If he can’t control himself, I’ll have to show him the dagger I have here.” She pats her upper thigh. I am utterly without speech. “I think I look nice and I’m not going to change. If Krish thinks me dressing pretty means he’s going to get a date and a little extra …” She shrugs, flashes a wicked smile.
Garima is dangerous. I love her more than a little.
Vast speaks in Hindi, something I take to be him permitting her to go—though I do not think he possesses the power to stop her. I doubt even the Dark Soldiers have the power to stop Garima Dhawan when she wants something.
“Good luck,” I say, because she told me to. She gives my arm a little pat before she flies up the steps.
When I turn back to Vast, he’s rubbing the bridge of his nose.
“I don’t think you need to worry about her,” I offer in the way of reassurance.
“I’ll always worry about her.” He turns a weary smile on me. “It comes as part of being a father.”
“I didn’t realise you were her father.”
“Biologically, I’m not.” He pushes the laboratory door wider and gestures for me to enter. “But I found her when she was very young and I’ve cared for her since.”
“Oh,” I say uselessly, pushing the metal door shut.
The lab is as bright and clinical as it was before, but this time there are only two women inside and neither of them look busy. They sit around a mirrored table drinking tea and, if I’m not mistaken, gossiping. They glance up as Vast and I cross the room but don’t speak, either because they’re uninterested in me or because I can’t understand their language.
“What are you showing me?” I ask, peering into each corner of the room, curious to know the secrets this room holds. But there is nothing on display, the secrets tucked away from sight. Perhaps that’s a good thing. The last time I was here I was horrified by the vicious disease they’ve engineered. Only heaven knows what I’ll find this time.
Vast opens a shining white door to the left of the room, ushering me inside. I strain around his tall body to see what’s here, gasping when my eyes fall on another wall made entirely of glass—why are there so many of these?—and the small, grey haired woman behind it. The room behind the glass is a bedroom. A bedroom locked behind a secret door in a secret laboratory. I frown at Vast, looking for answers.
He gestures to the woman, clicks a button set into the wall, and tells me, “This is Jaya, our first human test subject.”
Something about those words makes me cold. I know all about test subjects—I ought to, my father and brother did nothing but experiment—but as much as I know humans are often used as subjects, that didn’t prepare me for being face to face with a woman used purely for science. I’m sure she volunteered herself, dedicated to the Guardians’ cause, but still it makes something writhe in the pit of my stomach. Test subjects are abstract, distant; they’re not meant to be metres from my face, reading in a wooden chair.
Jaya’s gaze flickers between us, waiting. I remain silent while Vast asks the woman a series of questions I don’t understand. He notes her answers on a pad of paper and writes for several minutes more before smiling at the woman.
She can’t be much older than twenty five. Her face is free of the lines and creases that come with age, her smile as bright as any youth’s. But there’s something about the grey of her hair and the dullness of her eyes that makes her look older.
“Jaya became sick three weeks ago,” Vast says, speaking again in English for my benefit. “A medium strength Strain paralysed her from the waist down, amongst other things. Do you remember the cure you were shown before?”
I nod.
“Good. I’m glad it made an impression. It has more than one use—you saw it contain the offensive disease we’ve engineered here, but it also has the power to cure the Strains.”
“You told me that,” I remind him. “When I first brought it to you, you said it would cure every disease.”
“And it will. But this is the first stage. Jaya wouldn’t be alive if it weren’t for the Miracle you brought to us. Here is a life you’ve saved, and I’m sure you’ll save many more.”
The linoleum floor sticks to the soles of my shoe as I tap my foot, maddened. For a minute I thought Vast was introducing me to parts of this building I haven’t seen in an attempt to help me settle in, to show me that I have become a true and valued member of the Guardians. But of course I was being naïve. Again. “What do you want?” I ask, voice steely.
“You’re a perceptive girl.” He nods. “Our security says we have been compromised. The … authorities here in Bharat have found our location and are planning a raid in the hopes of finding our cure. Or perhaps our weapon—it’s hard to tell what the men with power want these days. I want you to take it to a safer place, to keep it away from these people.” 
A dim buzz sounds when he again pushes the button on the glass wall, and this time I notice small black boxes inside the room, mounted at the top of the room. They rotate at his command. “Speakers,” Vast says as if I’m supposed to understand the word. I fail to see how those boxes speak. Unless … they mean Jaya could hear us speak. I wonder if she understood the conversation, and what she makes of Vast bringing me to gawp at her like a circus attraction.
“Until we know exactly what people will do with it,” Vast goes on, “these formulas have to stay within the Guardians.”
“And you want me to take it? You trust me with that task?”
“I would be indebted to you if you did. The Bharatian Independent Police know most of the Guardians we have here, but they don’t know you. If I were to send someone away, unless it was someone of low ranking, they would notice. But you could disappear without a fuss, and I trust you with the Miracle.”
“And your disease.”
“Yes. I trust you with that, too. Will you take them? I know I’ve already asked so much from you, and I promise to help you find who you’re looking for when everything is done and the world is safe—but I have to ask this too. I couldn’t live with myself if I let this cure fall into unworthy hands.”
I look at the woman inside the glass room, frowning. There’s a weight on my chest and I know, despite any argument I might make, that though Vast is trying to manipulate me, he’s also right. This cure could save hundreds of people. I knew that when I became involved; it was part of the reason I did. “Okay,” I say. “I’ll take whatever you want to your safe place. But I want your word that you’ll help me as soon as you can. Not later, not a year after. As soon as you can.”
Vast bows his head. “The world will owe you a debt and I’m happy to pay it. You’ll leave in two weeks’ time, a full week ahead of the scheduled raid.”
But what happens, I think, if in the coming war you speak of so often, you don’t survive? Who will pay it then? Who will help me find my brother?
It is so tempting to abandon ship and carve out my own path. So why don’t I? What’s stopping me?

***

Miya

11:45. 24.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


Yosiah couldn’t find his sister when he went looking last night, so we asked Timofei who asked a guy who sent us to a white building covered in different coloured words that make no sense to me—Odeon is the one word that stands out. I’ve seen it before, on a building in Holloway, Camden Zone. Siah said it was a place you could watch films like the one on Victory Day. Well, back before the Flares wrecked the Earth you could. Maybe this place is the same. At the top of the building is a cracked clock-face with the word PRINTWORKS underneath it.
Yosiah and I share a look as we enter.
Inside, the building is surreal. Electric lights illuminate the area in red, blue, and gold. Shops are built into the wall, made of brick and glass. It’s like being outside on an ordinary street, but with a roof. I’ve never been in a place like this before. It puts me on edge.
We head to the end of the arcade—street—corridor—whatever it is. Two people are stood close together, talking quietly. One of them is Kari. She stops dead when she sees Yosiah. The other, the albino Guardian, follows her gaze to us with a neutral expression.
“Kari,” Siah whispers. His breath hitches and I look between him and his sister, not knowing what to do. Kari rushes towards him and grabs him into her arms.
“I have been looking so long,” she says.
He leans against her, his legs giving out. I’m about to reach out for him but Kari doesn’t let him fall. She holds him securely as he clutches the back of her shirt. I move to the side, giving then what little privacy my paranoid, suspecting mind will allow. I trust Yosiah to look after himself, that’s not the issue here. I don’t trust Kari; she might try to turn him against me, like Timofei did when he and Siah were first reunited in the Guardians’ base.
“Miya,” says a thick voice. “I’m Brig, the Guardians’—”
“Leader guy, yeah I know.” I look at him from the side of my eye. “It’s kinda hard to miss you when you stand up front all the time and tell us what to do.”
His smile is thin and, I think, amused. “I’m a counsellor. I don’t give orders, I give advice.”
“Same thing.” Up close Brig isn’t as odd-looking as he is from a distance. His skin is textured with scars and imperfections like any other person, and his silver eyes are a storm of grey and black, nothing like the flat colour they are from afar. “So, what do you want?” He frowns. “You wouldn’t be talking to me if you didn’t want something.”
“I make a point of introducing myself to influential people,” he says.
“Right.” I glance back to Siah and his sister. He looks close to tears. Something grips my heart and an irrational protectiveness rises in me. I want to go to him, but he needs this time to be with his sister. “What do you know about her?” I ask Brig, nodding to Kari.
“Not much.” He watches her thoughtfully. “She’s the head of the civilian guard who protect Manchester and its civilians.”
“From Officials?”
“From themselves, if what I’ve heard is right.”
I frown at him. “So they attack each other? That’s great.”
“Not desirable is it, living in a place with a lot of conflict? I suppose Forgotten London was worse but we rarely fought each other.”
“You’ve clearly never been to Hounslow.”
We watch Yosiah and Kari hugging in silence for a few minutes until Brig says, “She seems fine to me. Honourable, from what I’ve heard.”
I tear my eyes from Siah to raise an eyebrow at Brig. “You hear a lot?”
“I do.”
Deciding I’ve been away from my best friend for long enough, I leave Brig to take my usual spot at Yosiah’s side. His hand subtly seeks my wrist and I bite down on a smile. 
The conversation isn’t anything important, just Kari telling Siah what she’s been doing since they last saw each other—searching safe towns for Yosiah, making connections and friends to ask about her lost brother, travelling the island until she found this ‘colony’ in Manchester.  Yosiah is quiet mostly, his eyes fixed on his sister, memorising her. I know him well enough to recognise the happiness in the half-moons of his eyes, in the restlessness of his fingers on the pulse in my wrist.
His bright mood is infectious. When Kari has to leave to do important stuff in the ‘guard room’, Siah and I wander the town centre, lazy and content. For once we just walk, not in a rush to get anywhere, not running from anyone. The sun even shows its face for a few minutes. Yosiah’s fingers never leave my wrist.  I can’t remember the last time I felt this happy.
It’s harder than normal to dampen my wants. And—I damn myself for even admitting it in my head—I want him. I want more than friendship and it’s ridiculous. It can’t happen. It’d screw up our friendship, the bond that’s grown over years into something stronger than normal friends have. He’s my family.
If I’m admitting to myself that I want him, I have to admit it’ll never work.
By the time we make it back to the Station, where Hele and Horatia are watching over Tom and Olive, my emotions are all tangled up and snarling. Wanting Siah isn’t worth the way it hurts.
I pull my arm out of his grip and dive headlong onto the mattress.

***

Branwell

15:11. 24.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


A short walk away from the Station is the city library, a dome that stands as a shining white beacon in the middle of a dull city. It has four towering columns at its front and a number of statues, tributes, and obelisks dotted around the entrance, some with decayed flowers at their bases. A majestic atmosphere hangs around the whole area, as if this library has been undisturbed by the flares and disease and commands respect and admiration because of it. 
The town around it is shrouded in silver mist, fingers of the fog brushing moisture across my face as I cross the road. The tracks of some obsolete train service press through the soles of my shoes and wires flap in the wind above my head. A tram ran through this town, I think, once upon a time. I try to remember if Manchester had a tram in my own era but I can’t recall anything about the city.
The library entrance is closed but unlocked. Taking a breath of damp air, I push it open and follow echoing voices to an airy room. The scent of aging books overwhelms my senses and for a second I am home, curled up in my basement amongst shelves and shelves of paperbacks. But the pleasant heat of this room is too far removed from my arctic basement to be anything like home.
I put my bedroom out of my mind and step into a bright, wide room of curved walls and faded spines, a shining brass gallery above my head.  Sunlight streams through a glass roof, painting mahogany bookshelves and solid tables a warm golden colour. In the middle of the marble floor tables with mostly empty chairs have been evenly spaced. At one of them sits Yosiah, talking to the blonde Manchester leader with unease in his posture. I pull out the chair opposite him with a weary smile.
“I’m Dagné,” says the woman. “We haven’t met.”
As I remove my jacket, heat leaks through my shirtsleeves, a rare warmth I cherish after these long days of cold. “Branwell Ravel. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” I glance at Yosiah. It takes him several moments to notice my attention; he appears miles away from this library. “Found anything?”
“A lot of information I’ve not had access to before, but nothing useful.”
Dagné smiles. She’s too cheerful, too bright for the darkness and despair I’m used to. “Looking for something in particular? I could help.”
“The history of London,” Yosiah supplies. “We were curious about the similarities of our different homes.”
I nod, confirming his lie.
“You’re looking in the wrong section,” Dagné says with a laugh, promptly going to what I assume is the history section. Yosiah gives me a furtive look to say he hasn’t found anything about the projects. My guess is the clues to biological alteration can’t be found within a dusty library book, but this is as close as we come to information. 
Marc, the soldier I despise for no sound reason, marches into the room, his boots slapping the floor. He has a hushed conversation with Dagné, blatantly watching Yosiah and me out of the corner of his eye. With an apologetic smile Dagné excuses herself, pointing us in the right direction of the library.
“So,” Yosiah says when she’s gone. “Where do we start?”
“I have no idea.”
“Biology or psychology?” I give him a frantic look. “Okay. Biology. You think his brain is what was altered?”
“I think so, yes.” I rub my eyes, worried and exhausted. “But it’s just a theory. I have no proof.”
“Run with it.” He strides to the science section, me right on his heels, and bends down to a collection of shelves labelled biology. “All your other theories have been right.”
“Most of them. Not all.” I sink to the floor, scanning titles. Most of these are about the human body, which is useless. The only part of Honour capable of making him a carrier, of altering something so profound, is his brain. Or his DNA—but it is impossible to alter someone’s genetics. Thus, his brain has been changed, and I’m going to find out how and why. If possible, we can get the information to someone capable of reversing it.
That is my hope, anyway.
“But working on the theory that his mind’s been changed, to make him forget …”
He’s right about that at least. Honour has lost all memory of his time spent in Underground London Zone and his brain is the only organ capable of changing that. But besides that obvious fact, we’re working on nothing but a hunch. Yosiah agrees with me at least and he’s a medic, which makes me inclined to trust his judgement on these matters.
“Here.” He hands me a book titled simply The Brain. “That’s as good as we’re gonna get.”
I leaf through but I don’t know what to look for.
“Give me it.” Yosiah secretes the book inside his coat. It’s large but not bulky so our theft shouldn’t be obvious. “We’ll read it away from here.”
As we leave, I ask, “Do you really think we’ll be able to help him?”
“Something bad happened to Honour in that zone, in the time he’s forgotten, and he needs to remember. He needs to understand what he’s become, so he can control it.” Yosiah’s hands are trembling very slightly. He doesn’t notice. “No,” he adds after a pause. “I don’t really think we can help him—but we have to try.”


18:03. 25.10.2040. The Free Lands, Manchester.


The Guardians have rounded us up and brought us to a square named Piccadilly Gardens some minutes away from the library. We inch our way to the front, passing residents of Manchester, soldiers only identifiable by their alert expressions and rigid backs, Dagné, the petite ice-haired leader of this rebel city, and her two constant companions—Marc and the woman I now know is Yosiah’s sister. Some of the faces are distantly familiar, most are not. Strangers or no, everyone is gathered here.
Children are bursts of energy among the nervous crowd, running between adults’ legs and chasing each other over the slippery grass with sharp peals of laughter. I step out of the way of a girl of ten who barrels past me into Horatia. She shouts back an apology and carries on running, followed a second later by a boy the same age. At least the young ones are carefree, unaffected by the way their parents and guardians appear scared of what’s to come from this congregation.
We stop walking once we reach the front where Dagné and her people are watching a cluster of people at the base of a weather-worn statue of Queen Victoria. Seeing the Queen of my home, impressive and regal even in her carved form, sends a throb through my heart—yet at the same time it gives me a trill of happiness to see my home and this unfamiliar world tied together.
All emotion is replaced by surprise when I spot who stands among those around the statue—Honour. He’s with Saga, Timofei, and two others on the council. This is a Guardian speech, then, not a Manchester one. I frown. 
I haven’t been as engaging with Honour as I should have been. Since the horrid way I spoke to him when we walked into this town, when I said our friendship was non-existent, I’ve been staying clear of him. Pretending the noxious combination of guilt and dread in my stomach didn’t exist. 
If I speak to Honour, if I broach the subject of how badly I treated him when he was only trying to be a friend to me, I stand to lose him. 
But continuing like this, an outsider in his life, may well kill me. He is my friend and I will consider him so for the rest of my life. I was wrong to say otherwise when it’s so plainly true. I can’t bear being ignorant of why Honour is here, before this many people, when he hates talking to strangers. 
I feel a sudden sickness.
The thought of Honour, my closest friend, being caught up in yet more misery haunts me throughout Dagné’s introduction, which I hear nothing of.  Saga replaces her after a while, the dirt colour of his robe scraping the steps. He spins a tale of a rebel who fought for the people during a dark time in Forgotten London, when the town was barely formed. He finishes by telling us about the rebel’s children, Honour and Horatia. 
“These children represent the Unnamed. They remain as evidence of what he stood for when he was alive, when he incited our town into fierce determination to take back our freedom.” 
He doesn’t mention what we all know—that the Unnamed’s campaign resulted in his death. Neither does he mention the hesitation I know at least one of his children possesses to take up the Unnamed’s mantel. I suppose he is trying to keep the rebellion alive but the rebellion is of little concern to me. I care more about the ‘children’ he is speaking for.
I watch Honour throughout Saga’s monologue, watch the dread play across his face. I want to comfort him, to take this responsibility from his shoulders, but I don’t know how.
Saga steps down from the statue with a gesture to Honour to take his place. The Guardians, I see, are watching closely, curious and expectant. I wonder what they expect from Honour and if it matches up with my own expectations. The Manchester residents are expressionless by comparison. Talk of keeping the fire of Forgotten London alight is meaningless to the free people of this town. I wish I could be as disinterested as them, but I’m captivated.
My heart is in my throat as Honour puts a hesitant foot forward. I want to know how he got to this, what reason he has for conducting such a public display to so many people. Did he choose this, or did someone make him?
“Hi,” he says. I’m close enough to see him swallow. He looks at a spot in front of him and then bravely raises his head to look across the crowd of two hundred or so people. “So some of you know who I am, and some of you don’t, but I’m Honour Frie. What Saga said sets you up for someone important and inspirational but I’m—” He stops abruptly, shakes his head. “I’m here to ruin all your expectations. The Unnamed was my father, and everyone says he did amazing things for us but all I see is a guy that tried and failed.” 
He shrugs, canvas jacket moving stiffly with his shoulders. “I’m supposed to inspire you, to make you remember why you fought in F.L. and why you’re still fighting. But I think that’s pointless, to be honest.” 
I smile at Honour’s bluntness, admiring it in a way the Guardian council are not—their dark expressions are incredibly disapproving. Perhaps they shouldn’t expect Honour to be a replacement for Alba. 
He says, “You already know why you’re fighting. You had to live in Forgotten London like the rest of us. You suffered through the same crap everyone else did. People died, a lot of people, some of them your friends and family, and I’m—I’m supposed to make you forget that, to make you perfect Guardians again, but I can’t. Sorry.” He glances apologetically at Timofei. 
“You don’t need me to tell you to fight the Officials. You haven’t forgotten your reasons, even though some people think you have. The problem is we can’t forget. Just—carry on doing what you’re doing. You don’t have to forget the people you’ve lost and I won’t tell you to, even though I’m meant to. As long as we remember the people that were taken from us, States can never win.”
With his last word he rushes down the steps of the cenotaph and disappears into the mouth of the crowd. Without a conscious thought, I push my way after him.
No doubt the others in our little family have split up to search for him too but by luck it’s me that finds him. I know to canvas the back streets and alleyways, the quiet dirtiness of this shining, intact city that must remind Honour of his home. It feels like we’re always finding ourselves in alleyways. 
The narrow path snakes between two dilapidated buildings, a fifteen minute walk from Piccadilly Gardens. Honour is folded into the grubby juncture between wall and ground, his head in his hands and his fingers pulling his hair. With his grey trousers and charcoal shirt, he blends into the dirt without effort. I let out a great sigh, sinking to the ground at his side, just barely resisting the heavy urge to still his fingers.
“Honour?” When his eyes open I catch his gaze and hold it. The guilt of the past few days is forgotten in the face of my concern. “You spoke well. It was a very engaging speech.”
“Thanks.” He looks away, staring into the stripe of sky above brown walls. His hair is a rumpled exhibition of distress. “Not to be rude but can we talk later? I’m tired and—”
“I’m sorry,” I say. I let all the words flood out before my courage can recede. “I’m so very sorry for what I said before. I was wrong and wretched and—you are my friend, Honour. Perhaps the best friend I have ever had, save my sister, despite the short time since we met. I didn’t mean to be so awful. I was missing my sister and my father, and I took it out on you. It was wrong of me. Do you think you could ever forgive me?” After a half second I add, “Also please tell me that you’re alright. I’m quite worried about—” 
Before I can even finish speaking, Honour catches me in a strong embrace. “Have you been worrying about that all this time?” he says, breath rustling my hair.
“Maybe.”
He releases me with a shake of his head. “Idiot. I’m not gonna hold a grudge against you ‘cause of something like that. I get it. Sometimes you end up laying into your friends without really meaning it.”
I let out a breath of relief. “Thank you. I appreciate your forgiveness, Honour, very much.”
“You saved my life, remember? With your cure thing? Even if I was pissed at you—which I’m not—I’d have to forgive you.” He gives me a crooked smile. “I couldn’t stay angry at my saviour, could I?”
“I suppose not,” I reply, laughing. A heaviness has been removed from my heart, so much that I’ve become practically weightless. A glint of light works its way into the darkness that has come to be my constant companion. “I am glad to be your friend,” I tell Honour. “I feel lucky to have you.”
He gives me a bewildered look. “You do know I’ve been like … biologically altered to kill everyone, right?”
“I’m aware.”
“And that I wreck every single thing I touch?”
“I disagree.”
“And that I left a guy to die, just so I could save myself?”
I give him a sharp look. It seems guilt isn’t only eating at me, but Honour too. “You did that to save your sister. Do not try to convince me you are selfish when I know you’re selfless. I was there, remember? I too walked away from Marrin.”
He mutters a complaint, glowering at the wall across the alley.
“If you’re so intent on taking the blame for Marrin’s death—a death you weren’t responsible for, since he chose his own fate—then I will share it. I left him in that building as much as you did.”
“Don’t be stupid. It wasn’t your fault.”
“Why not? I did the same as you.”
“No, but—”
“Surely, if you’re to blame then so am I.”
“You didn’t do anything.”
“And neither did you.”
Honour scowls at me for a prolonged moment but gives up with a heavy sigh. I can see he won’t stop faulting himself for Marrin’s death but maybe I’ve impressed upon him how nonsensical the blame is. If nothing else, I hope I’ve lessened the guilt’s vicious grip on him by a fraction.
“Fine,” he says. He runs a hand through the tangle of his hair, a smile beginning to form. “Do you always have to be right?”
“Pretty much.”
His smile grows.

***

Miya

09:10. 26.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


Someone is pacing up and down the aisles outside our tent, banging on metal and shouting for everyone to get out of bed for training. Scrubbing sleep from the corner of my eye, I check if Tom and Olive have woken up, but they’re both out of it. I roll over with a groan and press my face into Yosiah’s shoulder, his skin a flash of cold against my forehead.
“Please tell me they don’t expect us to get up,” I mutter.
“I hope not.” Yosiah’s rasp is thick with sleep. He lifts a lock of hair from my head, twisting it around a finger.
“What time is it?”
“Time for more sleep.” He drops the strand of my hair, settling further into the old, squeaky mattress. “You staying there?”
“Yeah,” I say sleepily. If I were more awake I might feel edgy at being this close to someone, but right now I don’t care about anything but ignoring the world for a couple hours more.
Siah rests an arm around my waist, just lightly, testing what I’m comfortable with. When I don’t fight him off, he holds me tighter. 
Just hovering on the edge of consciousness I hear him sigh, “I’m glad you’re close.”


No more than ten minutes can have passed before I’m thrown awake again, Timofei’s disgruntled voice wafting through the cotton doors of our tent. Cursing under my breath, I drag myself up and shake the sleep off. I throw on a dark grey vest that hangs low on me, black jeans, and the white Guardians jacket Siah gave me back in the London base. I hide my assortment of weapons in the inside pockets of the leather, tucking my favourite knife into the waistband of my jeans so the cold steel sits flat against my back. Stuffing my feet into a new pair of red canvas shoes, I nudge my brother and sister awake before stomping out of the tent to glare up at Timofei.
“I’m not even a Guardian,” I snarl. “Why do I have to be up?”
“Because you’re training to be one.”
I narrow my eyes. “Since when?”
“Since today.”
Yosiah bats the doors of the tent apart, squinting at the flood of light. 
“Did you know about this?” I ask him, but I can tell by the furrow between his eyebrows that he didn’t. He shakes his head, scratching the scruff on his jaw.
“Will we have time to train?” he asks. “What about all the meetings you’re planning with the Manchester council?”
“Free time is over,” Timofei says wearily. “The Guardians have to get back into training. I suggested you all be brought in for a few sessions to learn how to defend yourselves.”
“Not a bad idea,” Siah concedes, completely awake now. His eyes are shining, a slice of sun adding highlights over his shoulders, a halo around his black hair. The unearthly appearance clashes with the tired sigh he lets out when Timofei walks off.
“What?” I look up at him, raise an eyebrow. “Scared I’ll beat you in training, Merchant?”
“Remind me, Vanella,” he says, tipping my chin up with a finger, “which one of us was trained to fight as an Official.”
“You were a doctor.” His cocky grin drags a smirk out of me. I step closer, cornering him against the tent. I know the proximity will make him either flustered or uncomfortable, so I use it to my advantage. “You patched people up, Siah. You didn’t slay anyone, not like I’ll slay you.”
He brings his face closer to mine and suddenly my tactics are working against me. “How much are you willing to bet on that?”
My heart is hammering, my body wound so tight that when the tent door opens with a whip of air, I jolt away from Siah.
“Can you two please stop flirting?” Livy groans, pushing past Yosiah. “It’s early and I’m tired.”
I can’t think of a reply. She stomps off down the aisle to the main door.
Yosiah lets out a sharp burst of laughter before smothering it with the back of his hand. His eyes are dancing, molten gold, his cheeks flushed a delicate pink. He bats a long strand of hair from his eye, watching me.
“What?”
“Nothing.” His thumb skims my cheek, so quick I’m not sure it happened. “Nothing, Miya.” He dips his head, looking at the scuffed boots he’s wearing. That annoying strand of hair falls into his face again and he tries to whip it away with a sharp movement of his head but it refuses to budge.
“Here,” I say, taking a penknife from my pocket to cut a thin strip of fabric off my vest. “Turn around.” He’s obviously confused but he follows my order without question. I put the cotton between my teeth while I gather Siah’s hair in my hands, and then use the strip to tie it together. When I’m done, his hair sits neatly at the base of his neck.
“Better?” I ask, turning him by his shoulders. He still looks a little startled. He gathers me into his arms without warning, pressing me close and letting me go in the same breath.
“Thank you,” he says. He clears his throat, biting his lip before he catches himself. “We should … we should go.” He lifts a hand to run it through his hair before remembering it’s tied back. “You can slay me in training.”
I think I already did, I don’t say. Who knew Yosiah would be more flustered by me tying up his hair than flirting with him? I smile without meaning to.
I face our tent and yell, “Tom!”
“No,” is his groaned response from inside.
“Yes.” I put as much force in my voice as I can.
“No.”
“Yes!”
“I don’t wanna get up,” he whines, but I hear shuffling that suggests he’s already out of bed.
“You don’t want me to come in there and drag you out either, do you?”
Thomas mutters something under his breath and shoves the tent doors apart, his expression sulky and his T-shirt on backwards. I kneel down to turn it the right way, getting an “Ugh, Leah,” for my efforts.
“You’re the worst sister ever,” he grumbles.
I take his hand and lead him through the Station. “I know.” The warmth I’m still not used to has sunk into my gut and spread through my body—happiness that comes from having my family with me, my whole family. “I’m awful. But lucky for you, I won’t be with you all morning—maybe even all day.”
He peers up at me, eyes dark in his small, pale face. “Does that mean we’re gonna stay with Hele?”
“Probably.” Hele and Horatia always seem happy enough to look after the kids. I get the feeling Hele would like one of her own, but I understand why she and Dalmar never had one. Forgotten London wasn’t the kind of place you wanted to bring a kid into, and with the life expectancy of twenty … what was the point of having a kid you wouldn’t see reach even five years old? It was different for people like our mum—with her bribes and her treatments—but normal people? They don’t live past twenty two at the oldest, sometimes even sixteen. I wonder if that’s any different now we’re free of the town, or whether I’ve still got death hanging over me.
I shake my head. Of course death is following me. None of us are safe, not even in Manchester where nobody has seen an Official for twenty odd years.
“Awesome!” Tom says, stealing me from my morbid thoughts. “Hele tells us cool stories.”
“Oh, I see how it is.” I purse my lips. “I have some pretty cool stories to tell as well, you know?”
Tom rolls his eyes. “Yeah but yours are always ‘There was a bad guy, I punched him, the end’. Hele tells stories, like properly.”
I shrug. He’s right. I’m not sure I even know how to tell a story. I think that’s something that comes from your mum and dad, something that’s passed on. Hele must have had decent parents.
“Don’t worry,” Yosiah says in my ear. “You’re still my favourite storyteller.”
I shove him away with a glare, watching, with a bolt of pride, the quick way he falters for balance on his right leg and steadies himself without issue. He’s getting back to normal, the injuries he got when he jumped from the Underground healing. He nods, like he knows exactly what I’m thinking, and flashes me a grin.
“Game on,” he mouths.
Adrenaline wakes up my nerves. I’m looking forward to this morning.


10:24. 26.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


The training session turns out to be bullshit.
Anna, a wiry woman with short blonde hair and a big nose, prances about on a mat in front of us, using a volunteer to demonstrate ‘key self-defence techniques’. She shows us how to block a punch, in extreme slow motion, how to aim a punch, what to do if someone catches you from behind. This is all common sense to me. If someone grabs you, elbow them in the gut. If someone’s trying to hit you, throw up your hands to protect your face. This is rookie stuff we all learned in bar fights the hard way.
Then again, Horatia seems to be eagerly taking it in. I guess she never had to fight—Honour probably fought twice as often so she’d stay sheltered. Shame that didn’t work out. Those kinds of things never do. The more you try to protect someone, the harder it hits them when the bad things come knocking. And the bad things always come with a loaded gun. That’s just the way the world works.
So I’m putting up with the slow, boring demonstrations because it’s helping Horatia and a few of the other beginners in here with us—people I don’t recognise who must be family of Guardians. There’s a twelve year old girl with a thin stature and a shock of dark hair called Allie that I’m almost certain is Timofei’s sister. But where did she come from?
“They’ve been harbouring her here,” Yosiah says, noticing my attention on the girl.
“How do you know that?” I hiss, looking at him from the corner of my eye as I fake punch the space in front of me.
“I asked.”
“Oh.” I chance a full look at him and am almost blinded by a beam on sunlight. It’s too bright in this room—I can see the dust floating through the air. “Why don’t I ever think of that?”
“Because you don’t do subtle.”
I make a face, accepting the truth of his words, and adjust my stance to mirror the instructor.
“You’re being very patient with this,” Siah says. “That’s unlike you.”
I shrug. “It’s helping people. I don’t wanna be an asshole about it when it might save their lives.”
He doesn’t answer. I turn to him again, shielding my eyes this time. There’s a look on his face I can only describe as ‘soft’. It does this awful thing to my insides, makes it feel like my bones are turning to gloopy tar. I look away. This has to stop, this bizarre soppy mess Yosiah keeps reducing me to. I’m Miya, street hardened and world hating. But he keeps making me into some naïve, heartsick thirteen year old.
I’m relieved when Anna decides we can move onto basic gun handling. Guns I can deal with.
I cross the floor, squinting against the light. The sun is getting higher in the sky, streaming through the double row of windows in the ceiling to make molten squares on the old wood floor. The building doesn’t look like it gets much use and excessive dust is proof of it. Someone must have run a mop over the floor before we came in, though, because Livy and Tom and a handful of other kids are using the shine of the floorboards to propel themselves across the room. They skid right into the wood-panelled wall and let out loud whoops at each collision. Tom hits his head pretty hard and fear shoots through my veins, but he pumps his arms triumphantly, totally carefree.
Kids are weird.
I roll my eyes, turning my back on them. Anna is lining up antiquated guns on a bench, her movements assured. They’re bulky and look heavy, like the ones Honour and I found in that storeroom in Hull.
“Will those work?” I ask Siah. “They look old.”
“Only if they’ve got shells.” At my look he says, “Probably.”
“Yeah, but will they work properly?” I scuff a shoe on the floorboards. “They won’t just go off on their own will they?”
“No.” A light touch on my elbow makes me look up. “I can show you how to work one, if you don’t feel comfortable enough with them after this. I’ve used these old models before.” His lips quirk into a smile. “Not for a very long time, but I remember it well.”
“It’s okay.” The look in Yosiah’s eye is the one he gets when he thinks about his history as an Official. I don’t know what he had to do back then, since he was only a medic, but I don’t reckon it was good. He’s seen a lot of people die, I know that. Maybe even killed a lot of them himself. I’m sure it’s the shadow of a killer I see in him. “If you don’t want to, it’s fine.”
“I don’t mind. I was just remembering when I first handled one.” He laughs through his nose. “I nearly shot myself.”
“What happened?” I ask too quickly. I want to know about his past so badly, but even now I’m not sure if Siah would be okay with that. He must know I’m desperate to know because his smile warms.
“If you want to know something about me, you can just ask. I think we’re past keeping secrets.”
“Yeah, but—”
“No.” His thumb moves over my arm and only now do I realise he hasn’t dropped his hand from my elbow. His touch is unthinking, familiar. Too familiar for the short time I’ve been letting him closer, which makes me wonder: how long has he been holding back? Is this how he is with friends when they’re not distant like me—tactile and affectionate? “No,” he repeats.
I frown up at him. “No, what?”
“I kept secrets from you because it was safer in Forgotten London. I didn’t want my past coming after me, and for you to be harmed because of it. But nobody can come after me now. Even if they do, they can’t hurt me as badly. It’s different now.” He gives me a long look, fondness and something that’s too quick for me to catch it. “I’m not hiding from you anymore, Miya. Anything you want to know, I’ll tell you.”
“How did you get your limp?”
Siah’s laugh is sharp and loud. “That’s the first thing you ask?”
“I want to know. I’ve always wanted to know.”
He takes his hand from my elbow to touch my jaw, a barely there brush of fingertips. “I was shot by a civilian with a revenge agenda against Officials. He broke into the medic tent and shot me before any soldiers could stop him. Took out two others and my patient too. I was lucky.”
A dark mood rolls through me. “What happened to not hiding from me?”
“What?” He steps back, a flash of shock in his eyes, his mouth open. “I don’t know—”
“Bullshit.” I roll onto my tiptoes to get right in his face. I keep my voice down, conscious of the people around us. “You’re lying to me, Yosiah. I know you, and don’t ever forget it, because I can see through every lie you tell.”
He draws a ragged breath, covers his eyes with a scarred hand. “Can I think of how to tell you? It’s not something I can say in a room like this. And I don’t know how to explain. But I’ll figure it out.” He lowers his hand, meets my eyes. “I promise. I just … I need time.”
I can’t refuse the raw plea in his voice, the nervous twitch in his hand. He notices it the moment I do and makes a fist. I cover his hand with my own, giving him time to pull out of my reach. He doesn’t. “Okay,” I say. “But you have to tell me. At some point.”
He nods—a promise.
I take my hand away and look at the ceiling, the wooden beams and dirty windows, as I think. My fingers feel warm, itchy. I’m aware of every place they touched Siah’s knuckles, the scratches and gouges and old cuts that clutter the back of his hand. I can let Siah have this secret because I’m harbouring one of my own. I can be fair.
I can at least try to be.
I sigh, lowering my gaze. “Then tell me about your sister. I know your mum and dad kicked you out but I don’t know anything about Kari.”
The instructor calls us to attention then, done with whatever she was wasting time with. Siah doesn’t have chance to answer me, since we have to pay attention to the firearm demonstration. This time I actually watch, since I know fuck all about shooting people or—as it turns out—actually handling a gun. 
Anna waves us over after the tutorial and tells us each to pick up a gun—“Exactly as I showed you!”—and just hold it, promising none of them are loaded or harmful. 
Naturally, I go for the biggest. Yosiah snickers behind me, his breath blowing sweaty strands of hair from the back of my neck. I turn to give him a dark glare—which has no affect. I’ve lost the ability to intimidate Siah, if I even had it in the first place. Something tells me he’s been humouring me for the past two years. 
I want to know when he stopped.
At some point Yosiah dropped all his walls around me, and I never even noticed. It must have been just after the Fall of Forgotten London. I was too overwhelmed by having my brother and sister back, by losing my home and my mother, to notice anything. 
Have I let my guard drop, too? I hope not. God knows what he’d be able to read in me if he was paying attention. I flick my eyes up to him, tightening my hold on the black gun reflexively when I see that he’s paying attention now. Did he see everything I just thought? Are all my feelings written in permanent marker across my face? I swallow against a sudden tightness in my throat.
“What?” Yosiah closes the small distance between us, his head lowered and voice urgent. “What is it, Miya?”
I wipe every expression off my face. “It’s nothing.”
“No, it’s something. Tell me what’s wrong and I’ll fix it.”
“Siah, chill.” I step around him. “I just thought of something that … reminded me of my mum. It’s gone now.” 
The tension leaves him but he’s still alert, his eyes watchful. He starts at the sound of another idiot kid slamming into the wall, flipping around like he’s ready to attack.
I force light into my tone. “Seriously, it’s nothing. We’re okay here, remember? You said that no one can get us.”
“That’s one group of people. There are other dangers here.” 
I’m out of calming things to say. I grab the last gun from the table and give it to him. “Aren’t you meant to be showing me how much better you are at everything?”
He weighs the gun in his hand, a small glossy thing not much bigger than his hand, and seems satisfied. “Come on, then,” he sighs. “I’ll show you how to hold that thing properly.”
He strides over to a space against the left wall, well out of the way of the squealing kids. My attention drifts over them until I find Olive and Thomas bickering about something or other.
“What’s wrong with how I’m holding it?” I lean against the wall, gun hefted on my shoulder. Everyone around us is demonstrating their best handle on their guns, Anna wandering around to check they’re doing it right.
“You need to use both hands. And not put it on your shoulder.” He slips his own gun into the waistband of his jeans, jamming it against his hip bone like he’s done it a hundred times and it’s become second nature. I snap my eyes forcefully away from the line of bare skin. Why does this keep happening? And why more today than normal? 
I gnash my teeth.
It doesn’t help when he comes to stand behind me, adjusting my hands so I’m holding the gun the right way. There’s heat coming off him, so warm he must be boiling up, but his cheeks aren’t flushed.
Anna inspects my grip on the gun and nods, approving Siah’s position as well when he takes the thing out of his pants. She hesitates, clearly wanting to say something, but thinks better of it. I know what she saw—he’s obviously used to having a gun in his hand. I’m glad she didn’t ask. Siah might be making an effort to be open with me—mostly—but I’m not sure how forthcoming he’d be with a stranger. There’s no need for him to feel even more wound up.
 “Alright!” Anna claps her hands. “We’re done for today. We’ll meet again on the twenty eighth. Leave your firearms on this table and please take your children with you.”
Twenty eighth? “Siah, what month is it?”
“October.” He’s far away, in some daydream or memory. He blinks himself free of it and meets my eyes. “Why?”
“Do you know what day it is today?”
“Wednesday.”
“No, I mean the number. What date is it?”
He can’t know because he waves Anna over and asks her. “It’s the twenty sixth,” she says. “We meet again on Friday, two days’ time. Is that alright?” She smiles with forced friendliness. It’s obvious she wants rid of us. I don’t blame her. I wouldn’t want to train a load of amateurs if I were a Guardian. When I’m a Guardian. Warmth sinks into my gut. I’m excited for it, to be trained and deadly. 
At Siah’s nudge, I come crashing back from my last train of thought. Today’s the twenty sixth of October, which means tomorrow is the twenty seventh.
“We should go,” I say. I shout Tom and Livy over and they come bounding.
“Did you see us, Leah?” Tom asks. “We were skidding and falling and hitting the wall.”
“I saw.” I muss his hair. “We’re leaving. Have you got all your shit?”
His forehead creases. “I don’t have anything.”
“Yes you do, dumbass.” Livy throws a hoodie at his head. “You left this.”
“Oh, yeah.” He gives her a big lopsided smile, struggling to get his arms into the hoodie as I steer them out the door.
“What was the date thing about?” Yosiah asks.
We spill into the bright afternoon through a gate marked ‘fire station’. It’s sunny again, and dry. Tom takes off down the road, teasing Livy as she tears after him. I don’t bother to catch up; they’ll circle back to us eventually.
“It’s my birthday tomorrow,” I answer. I pull on my jacket and set off down the road at a stroll. “I didn’t realise what date it was.”
“I lost track too,” he says. The ground is dusty underfoot, dirt mixed with small stones on the tarmac. The sound of our shoes scuffing them is the only sound for a peaceful minute but Siah must be thinking, his mind ticking away, because he asks, “Do you want a present?”
“Where are you gonna get it? I don’t know if you’ve noticed but the town’s a wreck.”
“And yet you have some shiny new trainers. Don’t think I didn’t notice.”
I roll my eyes. “You notice everything.”
Siah shrugs, his face turned up to the sun and a curve on his lips. He’s unconsciously happy, his smile as infectious as a Strain.
I scan the main road we emerge onto. There are shops blatantly for clothes, some I can’t determine, but most have been looted beyond repair. One says ‘photo’ on the sign and another boasts coffee. There’s nothing remotely close to a present. 
“Alright, Siah,” I say, “get me something I can wear.” That seems the only option this gutted town offers.
“I can do that.”
Tom and Livy come screeching around a corner. My reply scatters at the sight of my brother covered head to toe in mud, dripping on the pavement. “How?”
He swaggers up to me without a care and in that moment he’s more like me than Olive is. But then she opens her mouth and says, “This ass fell in the river. You deal with him now, Leah. I’m going back to bed.” She walks off without another word.
“Can we go get dinner now?” Thomas asks, laughing.
“Dinner?” I cross my arms over my chest. “You’ve got to be kidding me. The only place you’re going is the washroom.”
“But—”
“No.”
“Ugh!” With a groan he turns in the direction of the complex that houses the washroom, food halls, and the place I scrubbed my hands raw doing laundry. I stalk after my brother, my best friend at my side.
“I haven’t forgotten, by the way,” Yosiah says. “You asked about my sister.”
I meet his eyes. “I did.”
“I hadn’t seen her in years,” he says. “Long before I met you. We lost each other and … something happened that made me think she was gone. Dead.” He stuffs his hands into his pockets. “But she wasn’t.”
“That’s good, right?”
“Yeah. But she’s different. I don’t know.”  He looks over at me. “I shouldn’t be surprised that she’s changed. I’ve changed. It’s obvious she’d be different but—”
“You miss her.” I supply the words when he loses them. “You miss the sister you knew.”
“Yeah.” 
I grasp for something to lighten the mood. “At least she’s not going to dive into a river and turn up dripping mud.”
“No.” He shakes his head at the road, chuckling. “At least she’ll never do that.”

***

Yosiah

07:33. 27.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


I’ve been sitting up in bed staring at the scrawl of metal in my palm for at least half an hour. Miya is asleep beside me, sprawled across the mattress with half her face buried in a grey pillow. Thomas and Olive are asleep too, on the other side of the cramped room. Every so often my eyes sweep the tent, taking stock, making sure nobody has snuck in or out while I’ve been preoccupied.
The light that filters through the thin material of the ceiling is hazy and weak, dyed a pale purple by the colour of the fabric. Miya’s skin is tinged a rosy grey. I keep catching myself watching her, and even though I tear my eyes away, they always find their way back. It’s like the earth turning around the sun—night can come and steal the light but my eyes always find their way back to her glow.
I sigh, frustrated at myself. If I carry on this way Miya will notice how much I love her, and then everything will become awkward and our friendship will suffer. I don’t want to lose her, not over something I can easily pretend not to feel.
I curl my fingers around the necklace, wondering why I took it from the shop. I don’t even know if she’ll want it. I don’t remember Miya ever wearing jewellery. What makes me think she’ll wear it now?
The necklace is gold, a knot of twisted metal on a thin chain. Why did I think this would be a good present? Why did I offer to get her something in the first place? I’ve never been good at gifts. I was just wandering in and out of gutted shops and happened to find an old jewellery store where this one pendant caught my attention. I don’t even know what it is, just a knot. Does it have some kind of meaning I don’t know? Is it symbolic?
Why do I care?
I said I’d get Miya something she could wear, and I did. I don’t know why I’m so wound up over whether Miya will like it—but that’s a lie. I’m wound up because it means something, the effort of going out and choosing something specifically for her. It won’t mean anything to Miya but it does to me, and that has my stomach in a knot to match the necklace.
I take a slow, deep breath, conscious of being quiet, and look at the gift again. With a last huff of irritation, I put it in my pocket and swear not to take it out again. If she likes it, great, if she hates it, I’m in no worse a place than I was yesterday. 
“You’re gonna burst a vein.”
I start, turning around like a spooked animal.
Miya is smirking, her black hair sticking up on one side. “If you keep thinking that hard, you’ll hurt yourself.”
“Shut up.” I shove her shoulder, far from rough. Even if I wanted to hurt her—something I could never imagine—there’s something far down in me, right at the core of my soul, that would never allow me to cause her a single moment’s pain. She’s barely jostled, her olive eyes still bleary. The little breath of laughter that comes from her makes my heart flip in my chest, and I decide right there and then that I’m delirious. I must be coming down with a Strain. It’s the only logical reason for the heat rushing through me.
Her fingers dance through the air to tap my right cheek. “You’re blushing,” she says.
I draw back, out of her reach, ruffled. “I’m not.”
“Yes, you are.” She props herself on her elbows, looks at me steadily now. I dig the necklace from my pocket for something to distract her with. As I suspected, her attention snags on the shiny pendant as I dangle it in front of her face. She reaches for it, swift as any Official, but I anticipated that. “You want me to fight you for it?” She pulls herself up with all the languid poise of a cat.
The way she’s stalking me, the dark, predatory look in her eye, the way I can see her calculating how to take me down—it has an unwanted effect on me, arousal pooling in my gut. Not here, I think desperately, not with her so close. If I’m not careful I won’t just imagine my fantasies, I’ll act on them. I pull a breath through my nose, hoping it’ll bring calm. It doesn’t.
I lose any hope of finding control when I see that Miya’s noticed the effect she’s having on me. It must be painfully clear because she pushes me onto my back and crawls up my body, smirking again. Now there’s a very physical ache in my body and something in the back of my mind is saying “She knows what she’s doing to you, and she’s encouraging it. She’s not shying away from the idea. She’s not repulsed.”
I swallow, breathing harder. Miya hovers over me and easily plucks the chain from my fingers, that tiny point of contact searing into my skin. I’m done for.
“Thank you,” she says. She sits back to fasten the necklace around her throat, her knees on either side of my waist. “I like it. Don’t know what it is, but I like it.”
“I’m glad,” I manage to say.
“You’re hard.”
“I know.”
She laughs, leaning down to kiss my cheek. “Thank you for the present. I mean it—I like it.” She strokes the pad of her thumb over my cheekbone and climbs off me, slipping off the bed to pull jeans over the shorts she sleeps in.
I feel like I just went through every emotion known to man. I watch her yank a jacket over a faded black T-shirt, confused. Does she know how I feel? That I love her? Or does she think I’m just like every other guy, turned on at a breath of air? I’ve never been like that, never been able to find attraction in casual places. I’ve only ever wanted to be sexual with Miya, and that’s because I have feelings for her. I wish I could tell her that, that I don’t just want her because she’s the only girl here but because she’s the only girl I love. But that would mean admitting my feelings and every part of me flinches away from that confession.
Miya looks over me, pulling the pendant from under her shirt so it’s visible, and smiles. It’s one of her rare warm ones, without amusement or malice or derision. Just a simple, honest smile. There’s a wistful sigh trapped somewhere inside me, just waiting to explode as soon as she’s left the tent.
“I’m gonna get some food,” she says. “I know they’ll try to stop me bringing it back here but I’m invoking my birthday rights.”
“Birthday rights?”
“Yes, those exist.”
“Right.”
“They do!” she insists. The deep V of her eyebrows startles a laugh out of me. She’s so serious.
“I believe you,” I say, rolling onto my back. “I’ll wait for you to come back, then.”
“Like always.”
I look up to say something, I don’t know what, but the tent doors are swaying and there’s nothing but air where Miya stood. She’s right though. I’ll always wait for her. Even if she’s the most frustrating woman in all the Forgotten Lands.

***

Honour

08:55. 30.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


After the speech I messed up, The Guardians leave me alone. I don’t hear anything of them other than training sessions with Anna for almost a week, until someone causes a big enough commotion that I crawl out of my tent to investigate. Dalmar and Hele hover, watching a small crowd of Guardians in the widest of the narrow aisles. I’m about to hang back with them when I spot Yosiah over the heads of a few short Guardians.
I push my way into the fray.
A guy I don’t recognise is shouting at Timofei, snarling really. The dark haired leader watches silently, his face contorted with rage. I can barely make out the words coming from the Guardian’s mouth but I catch Alba’s name. 
Yosiah is stood on the other side of the circle formed around the two men, watching the scene with narrowed eyes. His posture is taut. His jaw is set. Before the cruel Guardian can spit another word at Timofei, Yosiah steps forward and punches him squarely on the jaw. Another punch breaks his nose. I wince at the sound.
Yosiah turns away, only glancing back to give Timofei a summoning tip of his head. The crowd parts to let them through. 
A loud snort to my left has me meeting Miya’s gleeful grin. She nods at the crowd, directing my attention. I turn back, watch the Guardian cover his bleeding nose with his dirty sleeve, drops spilling to the floor. I sense a shift in the atmosphere, a heaviness, and then everyone—all the Guardians who came here to watch, who stood back while Yosiah hit this guy—converges on the figure. I automatically take Miya’s elbow to guide her away but she shakes it off. The sting of hurt fades quickly when she slants a smile at me. Right, she doesn’t like people touching her. I remember now.
Ignoring the thudding, crunching sounds from behind us, we walk away from the fight.
“What a dick,” Miya says. “That asshole, I mean, not Siah.” She reaches up to touch a gold necklace at her neck. I don’t comment on it.
“Yeah,” I sigh. “Timofei didn’t deserve that.”
“They keep doing that—fighting. Every day. And it’s getting worse.”
“It’s Alba. They don’t know what to do without her.”
“Well they need to move on or they’re gonna kill each other.” She jams her hands in her jacket pockets. “Then there’ll be no Guardians left. And what will we do? We can’t do this revolution on our own.”
My eyebrows shoot up. “Are you admitting you need their help? That seems out of character.”
She elbows me in the ribs.


15:01. 30.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


“Leeds, Birmingham, and Cardiff are the largest safe zones,” Dagné is saying as Dalmar, Miya and I creep into the back of the theatre. The outside was nothing to look at—a cream coloured crumbling brick—but the inside is impressive.
Rows upon rows of red cushioned seats fan out around us, the old fabric filling the high-ceilinged room with the musty scent of history. Gold columns hold up a second level of seats; I crane my head to take it all in, the city of crimson velvet, the intricate gild work on the balconies, the curtained archways that could hide anything from spare seats to lost treasures. 
We slip into seats a row behind the Guardian council, and the cushion swallows the back of my legs. I lean back and accept that I’m probably going to fall asleep. So much comfort, and they use this place for meetings?
Marc nods at Dagné’s point and speaks in a deep voice. “We’ll find the largest numbers in those towns. They’re the most similar to our colony in terms of being organised and civilised.”
“Agreed,” says Cell, the Guardian leader with the dust-coloured moustache. I’m amazed he can speak with that thing. “But if you’re working with us, you’ll be following Guardian guidelines. And we won’t be leaving anyone behind, not even in the smallest safe town.”
“That will take too long,” Marc argues. I watch him cross his arms over his chest, and all I can think is his muscles try too hard. Nobody needs arms that big, especially not some old guy.
“And there’s the small problem of finding them all,” Dagné sighs.
“Who will organise these evacuations?” I don’t know who asks this but the voice is familiar. All I can see is the back of their head—cropped dark hair. “We might be able to find them, between our contacts and yours, but how will they be managed? Because the larger our numbers get, the more at risk we are of being found.”
“And killed,” adds Marc.
Cell sighs, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “So you’re saying we should leave these people behind? People who’ll benefit from life in Bharat? People who may well be skilled fighters or technicians?”
I lean my head against the back of the seat and let my eyelids close. Dalmar prods me in the arm and I can picture the expression of disapproval he’s wearing. I peel my eyes open. He sighs with more than a little frustration. “Why aren’t you sleeping at night?” he hisses.
“I can’t,” I whisper back. “Either I can’t fall asleep because my mind won’t stop running or I have nightmares.”
He taps his bottom lip, thinking. “I’ll think of something,” he says before returning his attention to the front. 
Yosiah comes out of nowhere and, without a noise, sits beside Miya. He offers an apologetic smile to me and Dal for being late before speaking quietly to Miya. She puffs out her breath, folds her arms over her chest, and glares straight forward, though the tips of her ears redden. I wonder if they’ve finally accepted they’re more than friends. It looks like it, with all their blushing and secret touches.
“Guardians do not leave people behind.” Saga’s gravelly voice makes me jump. “I admire the bravery it takes for you to consider leaving your town. I know you have made Manchester what it is now, and that it is important to you. However—I’m not sure a joining of our efforts will be possible. We have a major clash of interests. Too much compromising will have to be made for this to work, and I don’t know if we Guardians will ever compromise. We are an unforgiving group of people.” From the sounds of his voice, he attempts a smile at Dagné. The Manchester leader’s icy expression matches her hair colour, her back ramrod straight where she sits on the edge of the stage facing everyone else. I don’t think she’s happy to hear that Saga is rethinking teaming up with them.
Her voice is cold and even when she replies. “Well, we tried. As you say, we’re just too different.”
Marc opens his mouth but Dagné silences him with a wave of her hand. His face turns bright red, furious, but he doesn’t speak a word.
“We can’t stay in Manchester,” she continues. “We’re a bigger target for Officials each day we—”
I zone out, giving up on the meeting. These things are always the same, always boring, always talking, talking, and more talking. I don’t know why I keep getting invited. Dalmar thinks it’s a good idea for me to know what’s happening with the Guardians and the rebellion, but if I didn’t get an invite, I wouldn’t ever turn up. I wonder who keeps sending for me. Somehow I doubt it’s Cell…
Dalmar kicks my leg. I jump in my seat, my eyes flying open.
“You fell asleep,” Dal says.
I rub my eyes. “For how long?”
“A minute. Maybe two.”
“Is that it?”
“This is important.” He points at the stage. “Pay attention.”
“Yes, dad.”
“Son,” he says. “Don’t.”
I shake my head at him, begrudgingly tuning into an argument between Manchester and Guardians.
 “We won’t aid you in evacuating your safe areas.” Dagné hops down from the stage. “But we’ll stay here and gather our intelligence and weaponry, so that we can help you in Bharat.” She says it slow, like she’s speaking to idiots.
The Guardian with pale skin and white hair speaks for the first time, his voice rich with an accent I can’t place. It’s not Forgotten London, for sure. “You want to come with us to Bharat, but won’t help us save the lives of people who are unsafe on this island. You’re going to take advantage of our numbers and our technology, but with minimal effort. Do I understand correctly?”
“We have numbers you can add to your army, and all our civilians are trained in combat and weaponry.”
Oh, nice. So I’ve been wandering around this place, thinking I’m safe among the ordinary people, and everyone can kill me without even trying. Fantastic.
“I told you,” Miya hisses to Yosiah. “I told you they were all soldiers and you wouldn’t listen.”
“I didn’t think they were,” he whispers back. He shakes his head, looking around us with narrowed eyes. “Should’ve listened to you.”
“Damn right.”
“Not to mention,” Dagné’s voice cuts through the tension and we all look at her, waiting for the next axe to fall, “the information we have in our library is a hundred times larger than the small collection of books you have.”
“And how’d you plan on taking it to Bharat?” Cell asks. I can hear the sneer in his voice without seeing it on his face. “Your technology must be more advanced than ours if it’ll move whole libraries at a time. Miraculous, really.”
Miya laughs loudly, clapping her hands over her mouth. “Sorry,” she wheezes when everyone looks at her. “But he’s hilarious. Also I’m leaving because this is boring as hell.”
Dalmar can’t hide a smile. Miya jumps to her feet and takes off up the sloped walkway, Yosiah right behind her. I squeeze out of the row of seats and into the aisle after them without a second thought. Maybe I’ll go back to the Station and nap. 
“For the love of God,” Dalmar mutters, coming with us.
When we’re near the back door of the theatre, Miya turns around and waves at the councils still staring at us. “Later, losers.” 
Yosiah huffs a long suffering sigh and pushes her through the door.

***

Miya

00:16. 31.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


It’s the middle of the night and Yosiah isn’t here.
I know where he is, of course, but it doesn’t make me feel any better. Ever since the train incident I’m uneasy when he isn’t with me, expecting him to do something honourable and suicidal without me there to stop him. 
I check on Tom and Olive, watch their deep breathing and quietness for a moment, and then slip out of the fabric doorway. I don’t think about Siah, or dwell on what he could be doing right now inside Timofei’s tent—talking, planning this screwed up rebellion, kissing.
I don’t know why the thought of them together hurts so much. I get that Yosiah and Timofei have unresolved romantic feelings. I understand it, but my stomach is still twisting at the thought of someone else kissing him. Something dark inside me is growling. Maybe it’s because of the times we’ve kissed. Maybe it’s because I’ve denied my feelings for him. 
“Get a grip,” I whisper to myself.
I should have just given in, given myself over to him like a repressed part of me wanted to. If I had, he wouldn’t be with Timofei right now and I wouldn’t be stalking around like a possessive lover.
I reach the doorway under the huge glass semicircle and frown. The night outside is lit up in shades of orange instead of the black it usually is. Seems like a waste of electric to power more lights at this time, but Manchester people are weird.
With a shrug, I pull the door open. I’m instantly hit by a scorching wall of air and a scent that burns my nose as I inhale. Something is wrong. The edge of the sky is grey, murky with smoke, and the orange that shone through the glass is caused by patches of flickering light. Fire—and a lot of it.
“No,” I say. “No, no, no.”
My boots squeal as I spin on my heel and run for my brother and sister—but before I can take a second step, there’s a sound so low my ribs shake. It muffles all other noises, packs the Station with a heavy, humming pressure. The humming is swallowed by a boom so loud I lose my hearing. I’m thrown off my feet. I crash through the air and hit the concrete on my side, a foot twisted under my leg. Veins of agony go from my ankle to my thigh and I scream before I can trap it. 
I haul myself to my feet, gritting my teeth at the pain. I spit blood, drag myself back together despite growing dizziness, and force my legs to work. 
People are staggering out of their tents, angry and scared and confused. I shove my way past them, getting faster and faster with every step until I’m tearing across the room at a sprint. I push and kick my way through the people to our tent, to Thomas and Olive, as the humming builds again. I screech to a stop, bracing for the blast that comes six seconds later. My hearing is coming back to me, gradually, so I hear the curses and screams when they fill the Station. As soon it’s steady, I’m flying over the ground again.
The Officials have found us. I knew they would—Manchester is a neon sign in a wasteland. Leeching power from an Official port on the coast, using electricity and other technology with signals that can be detected, not even attempting to stay out of sight. Why did the Guardians lead us here? It was a death sentence.
I tear the entrance to our room open, the material ripping in my fist. It’s empty. The tent is empty. Where are they? I don’t do anything but stare at the empty room, the three beds, our scattered belongings—Livy’s red T-shirt thrown on the floor, Tom’s wet clothes hung to dry on the ceiling poles, a pillow that still has the imprint of mine and Yosiah’s heads—for seconds. My head is hollow, my body numb.
A scream somewhere across the room thumps me into action. I run, hobbling on my twisted ankle, screaming for my siblings. The Station fills with a stifling heat that inflames my panic. I scream their names over and over, my heart beating so fast. I don’t have time to stop, to pray that Timofei still has Siah, because I’m hurtling into someone’s back and kicking their ankles to get them out of my way and punching someone else in the gut. The only thing I know is that I need to find Thomas and Olive. They’ll pull my body out of the ashes before I stop looking for them.
 “Thomas! Olive!” My throat is raw with the smoke but I don’t care. I yell their names and run—and run. 
“Leah?” 
Thomas. 
I whirl around, scanning the Guardians running for the door with desperation. I can hear Tom, his voice small in the midst of chaos, but he’s too short to see. A second later he runs into my leg. I gather him into my arms and hold him to my heart like a promise. 
“Where’s Livy?” They shouldn’t be separate. 
“I don’t know.”
Her name emerges as a howl. The terror is a real thing sitting at the back of my throat and controlling my voice.
“I’ve got her.” 
Yosiah. My heart lurches with a mangled form of relief. And then he’s there, my sister held safely in his arms. I choke on his name. A brittle crack comes out of nowhere, a groaning and shattering sound I can’t place.
“Leah,” Tom breathes. He pulls on my hair, points up. Up. The ceiling. Breathing hard, I tip my head up. A crack has cut the roof in two. Smaller cracks break off from the main crack, and tiny cracks break off from those. I watch it happen, like a weird kind of art, cracks upon cracks upon cracks. It’s like a tree, like the branches of a tree. And it’s breaking. The roof is breaking. I don’t know how it’s still suspended.
“Miya.” Yosiah’s voice steals my focus. “Miya we have to go—now.”
I stumble after him. Everything is going to be okay. I’m not going to lose anyone. 
I take a long drag of the acrid air, letting it out slowly, and then I’m back to myself. The fear is locked away in a vault so far deep inside me even I don’t know where it is, the hysteria along with it.
I hear the cracks above us get bigger, feel the room get hotter as the fiery air seeps inside. We reach the door as the first bricks fall. Around the Station is pure heat—muggy, scorching, smothering heat. It’s hard to breathe but we have no choice but to run into it. The building must be wrecked now, because all that’s behind us is deafening noise, low roars and the crash of broken glass. But we can’t look back. If we look back we’ll fall and if we fall we’ll die.
“Run,” Livy screams.
The crashing gets louder, the collapse gets more urgent. I throw a glance over my shoulder. The Station has collapsed in on itself, the domed roof gone, but the front wall stands apart from the rest, the half-moon of glass still in one piece—and it’s tipping. Tipping and leaning and falling towards us.
“Siah!”
“I know.”
I push myself as fast as I can go but I’m slowed by my ankle, by the sparks of pain I feel everywhere. The ground quakes as the wall crashes into it but I don’t let myself stop, don’t let myself breathe. I follow Yosiah, racing across Manchester, until he says we’re safe enough to slow down. Only then do I let myself look back, but we’re too far away, we’ve taken too many turns, to see the wreckage of the building that was our home for the past week and a half.
“You’re okay,” Yosiah says, breaking the drawn out tension between the four of us.
“Of course I am,” I snap. “I’m fine.”
He shuffles my sister so she’s held to the other side of his body and then his hand is on the side of my head, pulling me to him. He leaves a long kiss in my hair and I think this must be something he does every time we’re going to die. I can’t bear it. I jerk away from him, my heart pulsing with a physical ache I didn’t even know was possible. I thought heartache was something romantics had made up.
I walk faster, ignoring my new limp, and shoot my best friend a look that’s half glare, half plea. His head whips around, cataloguing our smoky surroundings—the buildings barely peeking out of billows of grey and white and black, the panicked people running in one direction and then another, the distant shapes against the hazy sky. A muscle in Siah’s jaw twitches but his face doesn’t change. He looks completely calm, in control. Only I know he’s not. 
He takes hold of my elbow and steers me away, down a back road that runs parallel to the high street.  The smell around here is a damp tang, and only when I look down a side road do I realise the scent is blood. I watch Siah’s expression harden to mirror my own. I hold Tom’s head against my shoulder so he doesn’t see the carnage. Bodies are piled up—Guardians, Manchester guards, Officials. These deaths aren’t the result of a bomb. These people have been shot, and by the looks of who’s been killed—some of who I recognise: the dark skinned woman on the Guardian council, a few Manchester people who were at an important meeting—they knew exactly who to target. Which means they’ve been watching.
“They’ve been played,” Siah says. “Someone had to have been an Official spy.” His mouth twists into a grimace. “Why else would Manchester be attacked the night their leaders planned to join the rebel movement in Bharat?”
“We could have led them here.” I watch the shadows but the street is empty.
Yosiah looks at the street behind us. It’s ordinary and quiet, just shuttered loading bays and shop backs. “No. If they’d followed us, they would have killed us the first night. Why wait ten days? They wouldn’t—”
A harsh wind picks up a few streets over and Yosiah whips his head back to me, his eyes so wide the amber is swallowed. He grabs my arm and bolts—running so fast I can’t keep up. My bad ankle drags behind me. My hair is sucked away from my face, the wind sending a cold shiver through me.
A noise stalks us, whining. Something metal scrapes the roofs of buildings. I hear bricks clatter to the street.
Thomas opens his mouth wide and screams.
As Siah throws himself around a corner, away from the wind following us, it’s everything I can do to keep myself from falling. In the split second I look back, desperate to know what’s responsible for Tom’s screams, I see a squat metal creature slicing through the air, a hurricane spinning on top of it and legs like knife blades on its bottom. 
I spin away, a new kind of fear pushing my legs faster. The pain in my ankle is suddenly irrelevant. Pain means I’m alive. Letting it slow me down means I’ll die. 
We fly around another corner, and another, and another, until we reach an alleyway so thin the metal thing is forced to back off. The whisper of wind seeks but can’t find us. We collapse behind an industrial metal bin.
I run my hands over Tom’s back, his spindly arms. “It’s okay,” I tell him. “I won’t let it hurt you. You’re fine, Thomas. Just please stop screaming.” And he does. He listens to me. So I promise again and again that I’ll keep him safe. I’m his big sister—that’s my job. 
I reach across my body to where Yosiah is wedged between me and the bin, and I grab Olive’s arm through her dark coat. She looks at me, for the first time, without the bravado she’s built over the two years I’d been missing. She lets out a sob and writhes to free herself from Siah’s arms, pressing herself against me. 
Yosiah’s next exhale shudders from him and as he turns to me, dropping his head onto my shoulder, his nose sliding along my neck, he lets out a scolding sigh on my cold skin. With my family pressed against me I realise two things: we’re going to die, and Yosiah doesn’t know how much I love him.
I put my arms around all three of them, fierceness surging through me like it can make me superhuman, like I can somehow protect them all from the whining machine now directly above us if I’m only brave enough. 
I press a kiss to the heads of both my siblings. 
As a dark cloud rises around us, I tilt my head to Siah’s and whisper that I love him. His kiss, hot and gentle, obliterates the burning sky above us.

***

III
The Promise of War

***

Branwell

00:41. 31.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


Manchester is burning.
A small group of us were discussing secret plans of a device to scan for life forms when the first explosion shook the ground. By the time we were herded out of a side door, the sky was already full of smoke, flames were licking at some of the smaller buildings, and we’d lost Dagné and Marc. By now the flickers of orange have crawled up the length of the brick buildings, devouring any people left inside.
Yosiah’s sister Kari, who is now the highest authority in Manchester, leads us—Honour, Hele, Cell, a Manchester guard, and me—across a smoky road towards the train tracks. Dalmar has gone to find Horatia, Miya and Yosiah. They’re supposed to meet us at the train and then we’ll be taken to an evacuation point. 
I cover my mouth with my sleeve, breathing through it as Honour and I stumble onto the platform and wait for the yellow train to accept us.
“Everyone still here?” Kari asks, looking over our heads.
“We need to wait for Dalmar,” Honour says. “And my sister.”
“And our friends,” I add. “Your brother included.”
Kari nods, a tightness about her expression suggesting distress. She exchanges words with the Manchester guard who depresses a button in the side of the tram and boards it. Our driver, I assume. What would have happened if nobody knew how to work the train? 
Kari gestures for us to embark, too, but since Honour hangs back so do I. Dalmar and Horatia come careening into the road several minutes later, but without Miya, Yosiah, or their family.
Honour lets out a breath and rushes to embrace Horatia.
“Where are they?” I ask. “Where are Miya and Yosiah?”
“I don’t know.” Dalmar shakes his head, coming over to take Hele’s hand. “I couldn’t find them. They weren’t anywhere, and the … the Station collapsed.”
“Were they inside?” Kari strides out of the train, her attention fixed on Dalmar.
“I don’t know.”
Kari’s eyes narrow. “What do you know?”
“Nothing. All I know is I turned up to the Station and it was a wreck. I found Horatia and a group of Guardians wandering around the main street. I told the rest of them to go to the evacuation point.”
“Thank you for your honesty.” She looks off into the distance, searching for Yosiah, I assume. I follow her gaze but there is nothing but fire and smoke. My heart clenches. Miya and Yosiah can’t truly have been in that building, can they? They can’t really be gone, be dead.
It’s unthinkable.
“On the tram,” Kari says and we obey.
I notice we’re yet again in the strange purgatory of being half Guardian, half civilian as I stumble across the gap between tram and platform, pressing my back firmly against the solid carriage wall.
Unlike the trains of my home and the Underground trains of Forgotten London, this train is two carriages long, narrow, and bright yellow. It connects to an overhead cable via an antennae and powers up with a low whirr.
Honour is close beside me, his eyes shifting nervously. He’s jumpy and afraid but suffering silently in true Honour Frie fashion. His sister, Dalmar, and Hele drop into ratty seats by us and Honour’s tension lessens slightly. 
In the dark, the bright electric lights cocooning this carriage are a beacon drawing the wrong attention. We’re going to be shot or bombed—whatever is causing the massive earthquakes still rippling through the ground is going to fix upon us. I sigh with relief when the train is pitched into darkness abruptly. 
With a gasp, the tram begins to move. Slowly, steadily, we crawl through the town. At some point Honour grips my arm, whether for stability as we round a corner or because he’s frightened, I can’t tell. I search for him in the dark but can only see a faint profile, the crook of his nose catching the light of distant fire.
“Are you alright?” I ask.
“Fine,” he says, which is Honour-speak for ‘not at all’.
I lean my arm against his. “I’m sure everything will be okay.”
“Yeah. We’re just getting bombed. No big deal.”
I smile, though he can’t see it. “It’s hardly as if we don’t have prior experience. We’re practically specialists in surviving an attack.”
I sense his eyes on me. “Anyone can die,” Honour says. “Even us. Even people who’ve cheated death twice before.”
“You’re melancholy tonight,” I reply. “Usually conflict brings you alive—truly alive.”
“Maybe I’m tired of fighting. Maybe I’d rather just die.”
My chest becomes tight, straining my breath “I’m afraid I can’t let that happen. You’re my closest friend and I won’t allow you to give up. Not after everything you’ve endured. And certainly not after all the trouble I went through to stop the disease taking your life.”
“It’d be easier for you to just let me die.”
“The easiest route is often the most worthless.” My father recited those words to himself whenever an invention wasn’t going to plan. It’s surprisingly comforting to pass them on. “You’re not dying, Honour. So you may as well get used to life.”
“Stubborn ass,” he grumbles.
I squeeze his shoulder. “You have no idea.”
The train jerks and shudders and stops. Through no small miracle we have travelled a route that wasn’t destroyed by explosions, to an area that is unclaimed by fire. I suspect that was more by careful planning on Kari’s part than any luck favouring us.
I pry myself from the wall and force my stiff legs to take me off the tram. I don’t know how long we’ve been travelling but it’s long enough for my body to have locked and my fear to have woken from slumber. Honour’s fright is apparently quite contagious.
We gather, my family, Kari, and her guard, underneath the shadow of a turquoise glass building. It’s thrice the height of an omnibus, shaped like the crest of a great wave, and perplexes me. Why might you need a building shaped like this? What is its purpose?
“Where are the Officials?” Kari asks nobody in particular. Her voice could easily slice stone. “Marc must have told them where we’d go.”
“I’m sorry?” I take a step closer to her and the quiet guard. “Marc? What has he to do with the Officials?”
Kari’s expression darkens. “He’s a traitor. He betrayed us, led a fleet of Officials to Manchester, and abducted our leader.”
“What?” Dalmar wears a look of outrage and disbelief. “Dagné’s been kidnapped?”
“Yes.”
A burst of crackling diverts the conversation and Kari unclips a black box with antennae from her belt. A voice comes through, in sporadic surges of static, though I can’t make out a single word. I watch, perplexed, as Kari speaks into the box in reply. So it is a two-way communication device? That’s clever.
The conversation lasts no longer than a minute, but by the end of it the flames of the town have huddled closer around us and the blanket of smoke and smog has settled much lower. We wouldn’t be able to see any Officials now, not even if they came charging at us. 
The booms of bombs smacking the ground get louder—closer.
But the Manchester guard isn’t beaten. From what I heard, they are planning something—a counterattack of significant size. I only wish Kari would tell us what to expect, but she shakes her head at every question aimed her way. I find myself yearning for the Guardian council, who give us answers no matter how disheartening they are. Where is the Guardian council?
Figures begin to drift through the streets towards us, stumbling and staggering, leaning on one another for support, each of them shadows in the grey. At first they are only sinister shapes but eventually they near and take the definitive outlines of Manchester civilians. What would have happened if this building had been obliterated? If there was no safe area in which to convene? I scan the silhouettes for people I recognise but these are all strangers. No Guardians.
My heart sinks but I will not accept anyone’s death, not until it is inevitable. There is still a shard of hope, a chance my friends are alive.
The civilians collapse onto stone steps a couple of paces away, underneath a mangled steel sculpture. I see for the first time the children cradled in their arms. Children who have not seen the end of the last world but may well see the end of this one. 
With every minute that passes, more blasts send my heart racing and more and more people arrive. These Manchester folk have a knack for survival, like Honour and I have. The ground still erupts with trembling every few minutes and the smoke has become something creeping and malevolent, but these people are hardy and resilient and they seem, to all intents and purposes, prepared. To be so calm … how long they have been planning their defence?
I’m about to mention this to Honour when figures in mottled white, dirt brown, and dusty grey appear as one large group, surging towards us. 
“Thank the heavens,” I whisper. 
Through the smoke I spot a cloud of white-blonde hair. Marie—it has to be. When the Guardians are close enough for me to see their smudged faces, I spot Priya. She looks small, frightened, and bloody, and I’m rushing towards her and Marie before I’m aware of it.
“Are you okay?” I gasp. 
Priya’s face is scraped along one side, blood spotted across her cheek. “I’m fine. I just had a fall.”
“A fall down a flight of stairs,” Marie snaps. Her arms are crossed over her chest, the terror in her eyes barely veiled by anger.
I look Priya over, despite the fact that my knowledge lies not in medicine. “Be truthful,” I tell her. “Do you hurt anywhere?”
“Everywhere.” Her voice is almost lost to the chaos of the night, to the second group of Guardians and their families rushing to the wave building, to the roar of confusion building.
“Is anywhere particularly bad, worse than the rest of your body?”
“My ankle. But I can walk on it.”
Marie puts an arm around Priya’s waist, expression crumpling. She leaves a kiss in Priya’s hair and apologises for an argument I didn’t witness.
“For what it’s worth,” I say. “I don’t think your injury is fatal. You wouldn’t be able to walk if it were.”
Marie tears her gaze from Priya. “Are you a doctor?”
“Biologist.”
“Brilliant.”
Priya shushes her and thanks me—for what, I’m unsure. I look over the both of them and decide they will survive and that is what matters. I cross them off my mental checklist of people to be worried for, catching myself glancing back at Honour without meaning to. I will always worry for Honour, no matter what, but I have to remember that he’s capable of taking care of himself. I’m not going to lose him like I lost Bennet.
I search the Guardians who just arrived and am relieved to see Timofei is among them, along with most of the Guardians’ council. More people alive and well. I scan the crowd for Miya and Yosiah but they’re still missing. My stomach drops.
“Alright listen up,” Kari shouts. “Dagné and Marc are gone, lost in an explosion.”
That’s curious. Has she kept Marc’s betrayal secret to prevent panic or to protect the traitor? 
Ignoring questions thrown at her, she tells us, “We’re going to bring down an aircraft.” Kari ignores the questions and angry shouts as if they are nothing.  She gazes at something in the distance and I follow her line of sight to a cluster of lights. So that is why I’ve yet to see soldiers or Officials—they’re not on foot. They’re airborne. “That aircraft.”
Cloaked in smoke, Dalmar yells, “How?”
The wind picks up.
“Watch,” is all Kari says.
A beam of light cuts through the sky and illuminates the aircraft. The plane must be at least the size of a ballroom, though it is hard to tell from this distance. It’s a black triangle of wings and angles, squat and wide and foreboding. I am terrified by its size and grandeur.
The smoke thickens. I cover my mouth, cough through the fabric of my sleeve.
The plane is immobilised somehow by the light. I watch, fascinated. It cannot be an ordinary beam—it must be of the advanced, magical technology this future has invented. It would not be able to stop the aircraft otherwise. 
I watch as the beam of light withdraws, lowering from the dark sky to the top of a shadowed building. The aircraft remains within it, drawn to the rooftop along with the light. It’s aweing; I should be impressed and amazed but this technology scares me. If this is not beyond reality, what else can they do?
Within minutes the aircraft is resting atop a brick tower, deathly still. As small as ants, Officials exit the plane. They march through the cloud of smoke that has settled over the plane, as it has settled over the entire town, but they never make it to the ground. Inside the churning cloud, they collapse.
Panic ripples through the civilians and Guardians around me and emerges as a roar of voices, all of it heightening my confusion. The order of the Manchester civilians disintegrates. The calm of the Guardian council becomes agitation. Horatia breaks her silence to ask what is happening, but not a single person can offer an answer. This is clearly not the Manchester guard’s plan of defence. I think they meant only to bring the plane down. This is something entirely separate.
Whatever has happened to kill those Officials … it is only a matter of time before it comes to claim us.

***

Miya

01:22. 31.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Manchester.


The machine disappears. One second I hear it slicing through the air, and the next it’s not there. It doesn’t fly away, doesn’t fall to the ground. It just … vanishes. It’s done its job I guess. Dust rains down on us. I cling to my family and they cling back. I don’t know if Thomas or Olive understand what’s happening but it’s obvious. The dust—we’re being poisoned.
So this is how we die? Not shot by Officials, not on the run, not in the coming war, but choking on the bitter ash of poison snow. Now that all my choices have been stolen from me, I realise I want to be part of the revolution. I want to see the President’s power dismantled. I want to see the world remade. I want to watch my brother and sister grow up, want to find a proper house and live with Siah. I want to live.
But I’m dying.
I sit there, rigid-backed between a freezing bin and a brick wall, and I wait to die. But nothing happens. Yosiah doesn’t move from where he rests against me, his face pressed to my neck. Tom and Livy are unmoving. 
Slowly the thought seeps in, a more fatal poison. 
I’m alive but my family is dead.
I daren’t move, daren’t check them. If I don’t move or breathe or speak, I’ll never have to find out that everyone I love is dead. I shut my eyes and fight tears.
Yosiah’s grip on me tightens. 
I choke on a breath. “Siah?” 
He lifts his head.  I lose the battle between me and my tears. 
“Miya.” His fingers are gentle on my cheeks, brushing tears away. “Miya.”
I tangle my fingers in his hair and bring his forehead to mine. My heart pounds a frantic beat. “You alive?” I ask. I feel delirious.
“As alive as you.”
Siah’s alive. Siah’s alive. But Olive, Thomas?
My shaking hands move over my brother and sister. I pray they’re alive but I’m terrified they’re not. Tom groans and Olive swears at me and my tears come faster, burning down my cheeks. They’re okay. We’re alive. I lean my head back against the wall. They’re fine. I can stop crying now. 
Except the tears refuse to stop coming.
I hardly ever cry. I do everything not to—not because it’s a sign of weakness but because it’s impossible for me to stop once I’ve started. It’s always been that way for me. If I cry for a minute, I’ll cry for an hour.
“You can’t break down,” Siah says, right by my ear. “Not now. Not here. We need to get away from here.” When I don’t respond, his voice hardens. “Miya. We’re not safe. We have to get out of this town. Do you need me to carry you?”
Yes, is my first thought. I need you to carry me. But if he carries me, Livy and Tom will have to walk and they can’t run fast enough. I slide my eyes slowly to Yosiah. His face is a white smear in the darkness, every part of him coated in pale grey ash. He swallows once, twice. His eyes sweep every inch of my face. I can’t keep sitting here crying, half a person. My family needs me to be whole, to be Miya, not Leah Vanella.
“I can walk just fine,” I say. My voice is hoarse but strong. 
I scrub my cheeks dry and help my brother and sister to stand, checking them over. They’re scared but unhurt. Gradually, we pull ourselves together, brush the dust from our hair, and tumble out of our sanctuary into the unknown danger of the town. It’s the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do.
The need to cry has left me but a deep, raw ache makes its home in my chest. Siah must be able to see the pain beyond the thickest, fiercest mask over my features because he takes my hand. Not my wrist—my hand. My palm flat against the scorching comfort of his callused own. It soothes the ache. 
“Just hold on a bit longer,” he says.
So I do. 


A bright light slices the sky. We don’t know what it is, but we have nothing else to aim for, no idea which roads lead to safety and which roads lead to Officials. We walk past rubble and glass, past gruesome bodies and torn limbs, blood and bone and ash. I try to shield my brother and sister from the worst parts of it but the carnage is everywhere. Olive’s eyes shine with fear. Tom cries silently.
We walk until the beam of light hangs over us, a silver dagger in the gloom. I look to Yosiah—he’s the only one of us who’s ever calm when things go wrong—but he’s squinting at the sky and doesn’t see my unspoken questions. His expression is guarded, half his face completely shadowed. 
He looks at me suddenly, his gaze traveling the length of me. “Okay?”
I don’t bother answering—he already knows I’m not. I don’t feel right. I haven’t for a while but tonight is worse. It’s the sharp ache my nightmares leave with me but instead of fading, this lingers. I want to stop in the middle of the street and smog and have Yosiah hold me together. His touch used to terrify me but lately I’ve begun to wish for it, his chest so close I can feel his beating heart against my rib cage.
“A little further,” he says. His hands reach out to me and then reconsider, curling into fists.
We come to a road populated with fallen people. Yosiah and I share an uneasy look. I scrutinise the bodies for what killed them but there’s no blood, no wounds, no obvious sign they’re dead at all. Siah kneels beside one of them, sharing my suspicions, but we’re both wrong. He shakes his head. They’re not just unconscious.
“Smoke,” Yosiah says quietly.
“Then why—”
“Immunity.”
“But—” I look down at my brother and sister. It doesn’t make sense.
“Remember what Timofei said? Anyone who comes into contact with me for a long time gets it too.”
“Oh.” I’m grateful for whatever made Siah immune to the Sixteen Strains, for it being contagious enough to protect my siblings, but why would the immunity protect us against the smoke? “Do you think—the smoke—?” Is it The Sixteen Strains?
“Yes.”
Livy elbows my leg. “What are you talking about?”
“Nothing.”
“They don’t want us to know,” Tom mumbles. The first words he’s spoken since we almost died.
“It’s not something you need to—Holy shit.” The darkness gives way to a dozen streams of torchlight, the isolation becoming people milling around a crossroads. After the loneliness of the past hour, this is too much. Too much life and sound and action.
I lead my family through the streams of people, trying to ignore the pain shooting up my leg, building and building with every bit of pressure I put on my twisted ankle. Everyone is talking and shouting, sitting on the curb or standing around waiting, running back and forth or striding with purpose. It feels unreal, like we’ve stepped into some other world where nobody is dead and nothing went wrong.
Honour and Branwell come hurtling towards us and I didn’t realise that I’d assumed they were dead until right now. I thought we were the last ones left but people are here. Our friends are here. A little of my pain turns to relief.
A blur of grey and Timofei is embracing Yosiah, shaking badly. He thought Siah was dead. Yosiah’s tight grip on Timofei’s shoulders says he thought the same. Out there I didn’t think about Timofei for a single second, didn’t wonder if he was one of the dead bodies. Guilt adds itself to the brew of unwanted feelings in my gut. Timofei lets out a shuddering breath and steps back, like his moment of jagged relief never happened.
“Are you alright?” Branwell asks, reminding me he’s there. Honour is still hovering at his side, too. I think I nod an answer but can’t be sure. 
I sit down in the middle of the street, so tired and worn down that I don’t care anymore. Tom curls against my chest, Livy sits cross-legged beside me, and Yosiah’s fingers find a home in the tangled strands of my hair. 
An hour or so goes by. Eventually I look up and see only Guardians, the Manchester civilians nowhere around. Branwell tells us they’re all dead, killed by the smoke on the horizon along with too many Guardians. There are only twenty two of us now. Timofei has a theory it’s because we’ve all spent time close to Siah, that the immunity has passed on. Timofei has a lot of theories. I’m forced to listen to them as we climb the ten flights of stairs of a fire escape, following Guardian orders. Eventually we reach a high roof with an X painted on it. A plane shaped like an arrowhead is sat right in the middle of it, shiny and black. 
Branwell tumbles onto the rooftop, his face lighting up when he sees the plane. “Please tell me that is our way to safety.”
“That’s our way to safety,” Timofei tells him.
“This is worth every almost-death I’ve ever suffered.”
“What a moron,” Livy sneers as Bran stares at the plane like it’s a million credits.
I shake my head at the both of them and herd them toward the aircraft. 
“Is it safe, Leah?” Tom asks.
“Yeah,” I lie, hoisting myself onto the steel ladder. “Come on.”

***

Honour

03:29. 31.10.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Leeds.


All of the Manchester residents are dead. Except one. She sits at the back of the aircraft, tucked into a corner of black metal, watching each and every one of us. I bet we look pathetic: Tia speechless and exhausted; Dalmar and Hele clinging to each other; Branwell forcing himself to be optimistic; Miya and Yosiah ferocious despite looking like hell; and me—lacking in every kind of faith, barely holding myself together.
I wonder if everything looks as hopeless to her as it does to me.
How are we supposed to make a difference? We’re meant to rally everyone left on this island, go to Bharat and devise a plan, and then take apart the Ordering Body of States. We’re meant to do that. People are waiting on us to save them. We’re their only chance at freedom, at survival.
I want to laugh and cry at the same time.
When I raise my eyes again the Manchester survivor is sat in the aisle opposite me, her head tilted to the side as she watches me. Her eyes are creased with something that could be thinking or curiosity. There’s a bird tattooed in gold across the entire right side of her face, one of its wings curling under her chin.
“Hi,” I say uncertainly. I pull on a loose strand of cotton at the hem of my shirt and it unravels.
“Hello.” One side of her mouth turns down in an upside down smile. “I’m Kari. You know my brother.”
“I do?”
“Yosiah.”
“Oh.” Now I notice the shared eye colour, the straight nose, the same shrewd way of watching people. “I didn’t know he had a sister.”
“Well.” She tucks black hair behind her ear. “He didn’t know I was alive. You look defeated.”
“Excuse me?”
“You look defeated. It’s not because of the attack on Manchester, is it? It’s something else.” She tilts her head further, looking too closely at me. I squirm, not liking it at all. “You’ve lost yourself,” she says. “You’ve forgotten who you are.”
“And who am I?”
“You don’t—” Her eyes widen. She flinches away. “You really have forgotten. You don’t remember at all.”
“Don’t remember what?” I’m getting angry now. Why is Yosiah’s sister talking like she knows me?
“Nothing.” She unhooks the hair from behind her ear and stands stiffly. With a tight smile and sad eyes, she returns to her seat at the back of the plane. I don’t understand the look on her face, or why I caused it, or what I’ve forgotten.
I shake my head, her words repeating.
You’ve forgotten who you are.

***


Bennet

11:00. 31.10.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


With nothing much better to do, I join some of the Guardians in one of their lessons.  It’s something about mathematics, though in the patches of spoken English they call it a different word. I am beginning to wish I’d gone to the library instead, despite its profound loneliness. I sigh, propping my chin on my hand as I watch the tutor pace the front of the classroom, her white Guardian sari trailing across the floor with each footfall.
I squint to make out the words written on the chalkboard, the artificial lighting beginning to spread its vexation from my itching eyes to a burst of pain behind my eyebrow, when a resounding boom rocks the room. Students stand suddenly, transforming from children wanting to learn to Guardians ready to fight. The tutor rattles a drawer in her desk and produces a long cylinder—a gun powered by a mix of electricity and the sun’s power that I have seen tear a wall apart in weapons training. 
A second quake echoes through the whole underground structure, loosing dust from the arched ceiling above us. Footsteps, pounding against the corridor outside. Guardians screaming orders, yelling to remain calm, howling at a third explosion. Thundering, from somewhere to the right of the classroom, aggressive bangs coming rhythmically like a twisted drum beat.
“Raid,” a man outside calls. “Get to your stations.” The instruction is repeated in Hindi and then again in English and again in Hindi. Over and over—get to your stations, remain calm, arm yourselves. A bolt of panic has struck me and travelled the length of my body, from the crown of my head to the very tips of my toes.
The room empties, students running out to gather their guns. Words are spoken, shouted, but I hear nothing. I see only their mouths moving.
I’m affected by a panic I haven’t felt since I found myself stranded in Mumbai without Branwell, when the shock fell away to nothing but tremors and quick breathing. By the time I came back to myself an hour and twenty-three minutes had passed, which wasn’t surprising. My fits of terror have always taken hours from me, sometimes even half days. I used to fall into this state at home but I always had my twin brother to calm me. Where is Bran now, when I need him?
A wave of bodies pushes down the corridor. Through the open door, I see men and women all clothed in a light khaki sweeping aside Guardians and charging into rooms. Three men burst into the classroom I occupy. My body ignores my every desire to flee. I am trapped in the arms of a monster of my own creation. My heart persists, thumping away like the a great piston, but it might as well surrender. I am a useless machine, an unmoving machine, and I have no need of a heart. 
The strangers move around me, turning out drawers and tearing down cabinets but overlooking me. Perhaps they come across frozen girls every day of their lives. Perhaps a frozen girl is nothing compared to the unspeakable things they have seen and perpetrated. My imagination combines with my fear. Tears spring to my eyes.
Vast was right. They had planned a raid. They want the Miracle. But he was wrong on one account—they haven’t waited until next month to come for it. It was a grave mistake to make and the dread of them finding it slithers down my throat, closing my airwaves.
A girl says something to me but her voice is distant and strange. I couldn’t tell you if she was Guardian or enemy. It’s as if I have fallen face first into a pool. As if water has rushed into my ears to deafen me to everything outside the bubble of panic I’m in. I squeeze my eyes shut, hoping the darkness will bring me clarity and breath.
Noises move around me, funnelled through a veil of distortion: men speaking in clipped Hindi, furniture clattering over, distant thuds from along the corridor, Vast shouting, someone crying. Everyone around me is distressed and it serves only to fuel my own fright. I press the palms of my hands over my ears, refusing to open my eyes even when a body breezes past me, the foreign scent of peppermint twining with the musk and dusty scent of this base.
Someone screams. I open my eyes. Days could have passed. The classroom I’m in is now vacant but there are people streaming along the corridors, most of them dressed in white but others in the khaki-beige that must be the Bharatian Police’s uniform. It’s the colour of dust, of gravel driveways and murky paint water. 
My courage has shrunk down to a fleck but now that I can move, I refuse to stay still. I push my way into the corridor, my heartbeat in my ears, and follow the flow of people. I know instantly where they’re going—I recognise the route. Everyone is headed for the stairwell to the laboratories. They’ve found it.
Please, no.
The rush of noise in my head is increasing, worries and questions and theories all knotted together. I use the pointy end of my elbow to create a clear path through Guardians and police alike, batting away shouts in Hindi. What will we do if they have found it? What will happen to our cause? To my purpose?
I surge free of the crowd at the top of the stairs and my heart drops to the floor. I imagine it flopping helplessly, like a fish taken from its pond.
A group of Bharatian police are removing every bit of equipment they can get their hands on. A high screeching noise—machinery—echoes up the staircase. A woman is putting several vials of blue-gold-green liquid into a padded box. The Miracle. They have it. We’ve lost it. 
I have no chance, now. No hope of ever going home. I will never find Branwell or embrace Carolina or kiss Joel. My life might as well stop right now.
I stumble against a wall and press my hands to my eyes, flashes of light slipping through the shadow of my fingers. What will happen now? What will these policemen do with the Miracle, and the other liquid … the weapon? Nothing good. Nothing good can come from this.
I remember reading about the waves of sickness that consumed the world when the Strains were first unleashed. First they swallowed Europe, and then Africa, Asia, and the rest of the world. I can imagine what it would be like to be there at the beginning. The first wave—that’s what I am part of now. Destruction will reign supreme in this City and it will do nothing but spread and spread and spread.
That is, after all, what diseases do.
The end of the world starts here.
The Dark Soldiers may have attempted complete destruction with their flares and diseases, may have obliterated half the world, but the Dust Soldiers are here to finish the job.
Khaki and white figures pass around me, gradually lessening in number until only a handful of people remain. I don’t know how long it takes but eventually the police lower their guns and take our Miracle.  The building is surrendered back to the Guardians. 
Why did you let them take it? I want to wail but I can’t find my voice. At least my breathing is steady again.
Garima is suddenly in front of me, frowning. She shares a whisper with a Guardian boy whose name I don’t know. He tears down the corridor, sliding across the dusty flooring tiles to complete whatever task Garima sent him off to. 
Garima says to me, “Come,” and the warmth of her hand on my elbow guides me to my bedroom. We’re not stopped at any point despite several others being told to return to the common areas. Garima has a certain level of influence among the Guardians, I realise. They might question her but they don’t argue. I stop dead at the sight of two men dressed in black and silver, my stomach roiling in an echo of the panic I’ve barely surfaced from the depths of. Dark Soldiers … here?
“It’s alright,” Garima murmurs. “Black Cats. They’re here to help.”
Her words are a balm to the anxiety that flared in me. My chest eases up as we slip into my room. It has become home to me now, carrying the same weight of security as my chambers in the past. I sink onto the foam mattress and I am safe.
“I’m sorry,” I murmur. “I lost control of myself.”
Garima waves it away, the bed dipping under her weight as she presses a cool cloth to my forehead. “It was scary. You’d be strange if you didn’t panic.”
The sight of her warm, endless eyes settles the last of my nerves. I wonder what I will do when I leave this place and go in search of Bran, how I’ll survive without the genuine comfort of a true friend. “Did you panic?” I ask.
She nods at the speckled floor. “I hid. They took everything I worked on … and I just hid.”
I rest a hand on her arm. “Better to hide than be hurt or taken.”
“That’s what Vast said.”
“Then he was right. Who were those men?”
“Bharatian Independent Police. They work for the government, making sure nobody is doing crime or killing anybody.”
“I thought as much,” I say. “But why did they come here? I thought the Guardians were part of the government as well …”
“We’re sanctioned by them but it’s not the same. They let us plan our attack on States because they want them gone as much as we do. But they don’t really like us, and they don’t trust us much. Vast says they want our experiments. They’ve done this before.” She shrugs, the hem of her green head scarf slipping forward. She pushes it back into place impatiently. “They think we’ve got secret weapons, big ones, not just the disease. A bomb—that’s what they say we’ve got. But we don’t have anything like that. I don’t even know how to get the materials to make one. They’re just paranoid.”
“It sounded like they broke a lot of things.” I get up to check my own drawers and possessions but everything is the same, my knife wrapped up in a scarlet and gold dress that went out of fashion over a century ago.
“They took it, Bennet,” she says. “They took our Miracle.”
“I know.” 
Will Vast still give me the technology I need even though I can no longer take the Miracle to safety? I hope so. I think so. Something about him suggests he’s honourable, that he keeps his word. Either way, I cannot let my faith in myself slip even an inch.
I have things I need to accomplish—impossible things—and I need every ounce of myself to believe in it.
I turn away from the chest of drawers and give my friend a smile. “Let’s go help them clean up, shall we?”
“I want to talk to Vast first,” she says.
The same two men are waiting outside my room, the Black Cats as Garima called them. I look at them with equal parts curiosity and suspicion. One of them, a mousy haired man some twenty years old, nods at Garima as we pass. I direct silent questions at her but she doesn’t notice, too caught up watching the steps her small feet make along the floor. The Black Cats follow us.
Their close presence raises the hair along my arms. I tense, preparing for an attack I’m not skilled enough to fight. I know a little from watching Guardians lessons, enough to maybe slow a man down but not to defend my life should one of these dark figures strike. Still, I call up the lesson I saw last week about bringing the top of my knee to a man’s crotch. The guide said it would incapacitate any man but I don’t particularly want to try it.
The Black Cats don’t hurt us. They follow us silently to Vast’s office without incident and I relax at that, figuring they wouldn’t be foolish enough to attack us with the Guardians’ leader here.
“Ah, Rasendra, Amil, I’m glad you’re here.” Vast’s eyes sweep over Garima and me, apparently satisfied that we’re in one piece, then fix on the Black Cats. “Close the door, would you? I have an appeal to make to you.”
I follow Garima’s example and sink into one of the burgundy chairs facing Vast’s desk. I get the distinct impression that what is said in this room will affect my life drastically. I only hope Vast hasn’t deemed me a waste of time and is going to ask these men to throw me out. Or kill me.
I press my palms against my skirt, wishing they would cease their trembling.
“You’re aware of what we’re working towards here,” Vast says to the men, the mousy haired Black Cat translating his English to Hindi for the other, “and I trust the both of you, so you are, in my opinion, perfect to accompany Bennet here to Nanda Devi.”
What? 
“Our Miracle has been stolen and the Guardians can’t advance in our plan to reform States without it. We need more of it and fast—much faster than the BIP can complete our formulas. I don’t trust many people with this task, but you two I do trust.”
“Nanda Devi?” I don’t turn around to see who spoke—I’m much too wrought up to make a single movement, lest I fall out of the chair—but it must be the younger of the two men. He has a warm, accented voice. “What is in Nanda Devi?”
“The base of the Miracle. It’s a reflective metal solution—Bennet knows what it looks like. I need you to go with her and a small team of our scientists to retrieve this base and take it safely to a hidden Guardians site in Lucknow. Our mission and the fate of our City, of all the Forgotten Lands, depends upon it.”
The Black Cat speaks to his partner, quick and hushed. After what sounds like strong disagreement, he says, “Okay. We will help you.”
Finding my voice now I know I’m not headed for the chopping block, I ask, “What do they want with it? Your police?” I look up at Vast, standing over his desk, his shoulders hunched.
“We don’t know,” he answers honestly. “But if our rulers are anything like the Ordering Body … they would use it to destroy States.”
“But,” I say, “isn’t that what you want to do?”
“A good question,” adds the Black Cat. I turn to him then, and find him looking steadily back at me, his eyes almost black as coal. I expected him to look harsh, intimidating, but he looks very young, his mouth a wry twist of amusement. His eyes are exceptionally dark, his hair a rumpled mess that reminds me of my brother, and his skin is golden-brown and flushed. He has the tall, lithe body of a runner, though I daren’t dwell on who he runs from … or who he chases.
“No,” Vast argues, and I’d almost forgotten I asked a question. I return my attention to him “We would only unseat their government, but our police are an unknown force. We can’t know what they will do, so we have to presume the worst. The BIP could use our disease to destroy the entire City of States, every innocent included. We should be very thankful they found it half completed.”
“Let’s hope they never finish it.” Again I’m struck by the irony of the Guardians using a weapon to save a world. But what other choice do we have? Armies will march on States, will secure every individual state, will remove the Dark Soldiers from power and ensure the people’s safety, while we, the Guardians, take care of the Earth’s oppressors. This is the best we can do. But if that weapon got into the wrong hands, if it was given to the President and his council … “God help us,” I say aloud.
“If only there were Gods,” Vast murmurs.
I sit up straighter. “But … I thought …”
“We cling to our old Gods,” he says with a smile, “because they are familiar and comforting. We hope that if we remain steadfast in our faith, our Gods will intervene and save us. But if the Gods were going to save us, they would have come years ago. They’re clearly disgusted by what we have done to ourselves, and I cannot find fault with them for that. Humanity has become despicable. If I were one of them, I would turn my head too.” His dark eyes are glazed over. It makes me uncomfortable to see so much emotion in him after so many weeks of Vast being without feeling. “The Gods forsook us when we turned on each other. If humanity is to be saved, humanity will have to do the saving.”
I can’t think of a profound enough response so I hold my tongue. If even the Gods won’t save us, who will? Not us, surely. We’re only human: fragile, corrupted, wayward. The triumph of man—I read that once in my father’s journals but I think it must have been a joke now. How can man possibly triumph when mankind is forever warring with itself?
If today has taught me one thing, it is that there is absolutely no hope. None whatsoever. But what choice do I have, really? Hope or not, I need to try. If I don’t try, I’ll never know what I’m capable of, and I’ll never find Branwell.
Nothing has changed but this: from this day forward hope has deserted me and I have abandoned it.

***

Honour

05:14. 01.11.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Leeds.


I cover my mouth with my hand as the plane hurtles nose-first to the ground, begging my stomach not to tip itself inside out. Branwell is breathing ragged, gripping my hand in white fingers. Hele is trying to soothe Dalmar, who looks physically sick. Tia bears this all with silence and calm. Nothing fazes her.
We touch the ground in Leeds with a giant bump and a shudder but the nose of the thing hasn’t crumpled in like I expected it to have done. We must have landed properly. A quick glance around the room tells me everyone is fine. No one hurt. That’s a good start.
As soon as the door hisses, a whole portion of the wall sliding up to reveal an opening, Guardians jump out, both eager to be free of this machine and ready to defend our position.
Outside, there’s a small crowd of strangers pooled in the middle of a stone courtyard, forty sets of eyes watching us clamber into the early morning darkness. I jump down first and hold out a hand to help Tia and then Branwell to the ground while the Guardians fan out around us. Cheery and civil as ever, Saga goes forward to greet yet another town leader. 
A crisp wind blows across the back of my neck, the fresh air a relief, as I study the Leeds people around us. I don’t see anyone with guns or knives, no one stood alert or ready for a fight. They look curious but tired. Normal. 
“You alright, Bran?” I ask, steadying him with a hand. He leans against me, his gaze roaming around the grey buildings, the new people, seeing everything he can in the purple darkness. Eventually he rests a glare on the shiny wing of the aircraft.
“Not particularly,” he says, “but I’m glad to be free of that thing.” 
I smile, amused as he continues to scowl at the machine. 
Timofei hops to the ground last and brushes off his jeans—they’re as dirty as mine. I hope we can find some new clothes in this place since the ones we gathered from Harwich are holey and disgusting now and the stuff we were given in Manchester is the wrong size. Timofei’s eyes search the gathered Guardians, looking for someone who isn’t here. My eyes lower to the floor; I don’t want to watch him remember that Alba’s dead.
Tia leans against my left shoulder and I wrap an arm around her. I manage to stop my other arm curling around Bran reflexively, but only just. I roll my eyes at myself—the tiredness is getting to me—and, with complete disinterest, I watch Saga and Cell talk to a tall, thin man in his fifties. His hair is greasy and dirty, like the rest of ours, but he’s slicked it back in an attempt to style it. His clothes are the same—worn, old, but well presented in an effort to look like someone from the world before the flares. He’s introduced to us as Samuel Colla. Beside him is a girl Dalmar’s age with burgundy hair as long as her arms. It curls in a thousand directions and is fascinating to watch when it’s caught in the breeze, like a living creature struggling to get free.
“My daughter, Miranda,” Samuel Colla says. Miranda doesn’t look at us. She’s too busy studying tree branches twitching in the wind at the edge of the courtyard, her body swaying from side to side. I hear snickering behind me and turn to see Marie whispering laughter to Priya who replies with a raised eyebrow. 
“Pure meanness, that one,” Bran whispers to me. We share a smile.
“Stay in Leeds as long as you need,” Samuel is saying when I tune back in. “But we’re ready to leave, soon as you give the word.” Echoes of agreement come from his people. Looking at the aircraft, he asks, “Is there enough room on that for all of us?”
“More than.” Cell sounds harsh compared to the smooth voice of Samuel Colla. “This aircraft’ll hold more than a hundred and there’s only twenty of us.”
I miss Samuel’s response. I’m distracted by Kari weaving closer to us, her eyes narrowed at a girl in the back of the Leeds crowd. I watch the girl but she doesn’t seem threatening or suspicious. I write off Kari’s attention with a shrug. I thought my friends were weird—especially since one of them is a time traveller—but Kari is weirder. I don’t get her at all, and the only conversation we’ve had made me uneasy. Her words are still with me now, creepier every time I think about them. And there’s the bird tattoo on her face.
From the next two minutes of droning conversation, I pick up that we’ll be sleeping in buildings deeper in the town while everyone packs up and prepares to leave. It shouldn’t take more than two days.
It’s like déjà vu, being led through an unknown town by an unknown group of people who blindly follow an unknown leader. It’s Manchester all over again. I just hope these people don’t die. There’s been enough death in the past two months to last me a lifetime. I wish Manchester would be the last of it but I’m not stupid. I know we’ll lose more people before we reach States.
A row of old shops have been converted into houses along a wide main road—our next home. The civilians guiding us split up and go to their respective homes, though some of the younger ones linger in doorways to watch us. We’re given three glass-fronted ‘houses’ to share between us and me and my family pile wordlessly into one. 
I worry about the glass front, about people seeing me sleeping, washing, and shirtless—but the building goes far enough back that the house area is concealed by a sea of clothing rails and display tables.
 I’m excited to see that most of the clothes that were once for sale are still here, undamaged and completely wearable. Before we leave, I want to pack a bag with T-shirts, jumpers, underwear, and jeans. I would’ve lost all my old stuff if I hadn’t grown obsessive about keeping some things in my pockets—my father’s letter, John’s research, a knife, the letter Tia left when she went away with Marrin that I still haven’t read. I’m grateful to still have those with me, and my sister still has our old stuffed bear, the one that kept the Unnamed’s letter safe all those years. I know they’re only possessions, but I wouldn’t feel like myself if I didn’t have them.
I lost my bag, though, the one with all the things I stole from Harwich—all my water bottles and other weapons and the first aid kit I was so happy to have. I’ll have to find another, and build up another backpack of supplies. At least I’ll have things to wear.
I watch Hele snag a cardigan from a shiny, white table and know she’s thinking the same. Sleeping, walking, living every day in the same grubby clothes has a weird way of getting you down, but new clothes make you feel like a different person. A cleaner, less disgusting person. A person who hasn’t trekked halfway across the island to escape Officials who want them dead because their dad was a famous rebel, who want them captive because they’re a murderous tool they created.
Dalmar sets down his backpack of computer stuff—thank God he didn’t leave it in the Station—and throws himself onto a brown sofa that looks almost new. His groan of satisfaction breaks the tension around us. Hele instantly goes into mothering mode, moving Dal’s pack out of the way, fluffing up the pillows of a second, green sofa. When the area is arranged and tidy to her standards, she lowers herself gracefully to the floor beneath Dal and tips her head back, her eyes fluttering closed when Dalmar winds a lock of her hair around his finger.
My heart aches.
I hear the tell-tale sound of things falling over and lope over to Branwell to distract myself. He’s rummaging through the cupboards that make up the kitchen, hunting for something.
I could have this keeps running through my head. I could have this. We’re so close. I could have a family, a real one, and we can be safe. 
“Aha!”
“What is it?” I lean against the counter beside Bran, my eyes heavy now we’re out of immediate danger. I force them open.
“Food,” Bran says reverently. “Here, eat some of this and go to sleep.”
“No, I’m alright.”
“I didn’t ask for your compliance.” He puts an energy bar in my hands. “I don’t know what this is but it looks like food, and you appear to need it.”
He won’t back down. I eat the energy bar.
“Eat one yourself,” I say, crumpling the wrapper.
“Is it any good? Absolutely awful?”
“It’s alright.”
“Well then.” He puts an arm around me in a half-embrace. He’s so warm that I almost fall asleep right there and then, stood up. “I’ll eat this, and you go to sleep.”
“Hmph.” I drag myself away from the furnace that is Branwell. “Fine.”
I glance over the living room area. Dal and Hele are sleeping, pressed together on a sofa. Miya and Yosiah are already bickering over something unimportant, Olive is groaning, and Tom is curled into the cushions of the green sofa, fast asleep.
I smile without meaning to.
“Hang on a second,” Branwell says as I’m about to wander to the other area of the ‘house’. I can see at least ten beds, my sister tucked up in one of them, and countless pillows. I want a pillow so bad right now. I tear my gaze away from the bedroom in time to see Bran pour water from a waiting container onto a rag. He presses the wet rag to the side of my head and says, “You have ash on your face.”
I’m so exhausted I don’t fight him as, with gentle touches, Branwell cleans the killing ash from my cheek. My eyes get heavier and heavier. “I’m going to fall asleep,” I mumble.
He laughs softly. I hear the thunk of wet fabric hitting metal sink. Bran puts his arms around me, supporting me effortlessly as I stumble to a mattress. The pillow is every bit as heavenly as I imagined. I miss the heat of Bran’s body as he leaves me to the bed, but the thick cover he pulls around my shoulders and the whisper of a kiss he leaves in my hair more than makes up for it.
I fall asleep feeling warm and loved.


I wake up God knows how much later. Not late enough—it’s still pretty dark. A quick glance says everyone’s where they’re meant to be—everyone but Tia. The bed she was in is empty. I haul myself to my feet.
The store is sleepy, dead quiet except for the low hum of a generator somewhere below us. I weave my way around displays and circular wood tables, my tread quiet as I move into the thick of the shop. It gets colder and colder as I near the entrance. I rub my arms to keep warm, glad I fell asleep fully clothed.
For some reason I’m not worried about my sister. I want to know where she is, just to make sure, but any anxiety is absent. Maybe I’m still sleepy, or maybe I know Horatia can look after herself. Mostly I’m curious and numb, the way of dreams spilling into my waking life.
I find Tia stood in the doorway, dwarfed by the glass and metal, watching the world go by. A lilac knitted hat contains her hair, and a long blue coat makes her look tall and thin, a dark silhouette in the yellow streetlight. She leans her head against my shoulder when I stop beside her, gracing me with a soft smile. 
Most of these Leeds people are in their homes sound asleep, but every few minutes a man or woman will stride down the road, purposeful and single minded. They wear business suits and long coats, skirts ironed to be perfectly straight, hair neatly slicked back or tied in tight ponytails. These must be the people who run Leeds. I didn’t see any of them when we came in—those were just commoners like us. But these look like some of the wealthier Forgotten London civilians in the inner zones, the ones who had better jobs and decent food, the ones who could afford pills to make them live longer.
I hated those people. Everyone did—their pressed suits would end up splattered with rotten vegetables and mud-water by the end of their walk to work. Forgotten London wasn’t a very understanding place, or a forgiving one. I see the truth of it now, that even though those people had more money and fancy houses they were still as trapped as us. And now most of them are dead, sunk into the ground with the town itself. I can’t find it in me to hate any of them, not anymore. I don’t know whether that’s because all the capacity to give a damn has been sucked out of me or because I’ve grown up.
I’d like to think I’ve become a better person in myself. Even if I am a walking Strains bomb.
I watch the trickle of people for a long time, my sister silent beside me. For once I find it in myself to be kind, to not hate Tia’s silence. In the early morning, with the sky gradually turning from a bruised arm to a pastel flower, with the flow of people growing with every half hour that passes, none of them noticing two kids stood in a shop doorway under a flickering streetlamp, I find peace.
Peace with myself, with my fate and my doom and my life as a weapon. Peace with Tia’s silent grief, with her way of dealing with life. Peace with what I want and need in life and what I’ll never have. Peace with what I’ve got to do.
I screwed up my first attempt at being a Guardian—a real one—with the speech in Manchester but there are other ways I can help the rebellion. The people here in Leeds have a strange kind of life. I watch them going to work, talking with friends, carrying briefcases and tool boxes, picking up breakfast at a cart that squats at the top of the road, waves of cooked beef and scrambled eggs and hot bread making the air almost edible. They don’t realise they’re living in a world after the world’s end. They don’t care, either. They’re acting normally, going about everyday life without Officials breathing threats down their necks. They laugh and it’s not strained, they shout at their workmates across the road without their eyes darting for Official consequences.
I want that for everyone, for all of us, for all the world.
Not matter how much I hate it or want to pretend it isn’t true, I have a privilege and a responsibility. I can make every place in the world like this—with the Guardians help, I can. They keep telling me I’m the Unnamed’s son, that I can make things better, motivate people, make a change. But all I’ve really known before this week was a contained life and a chaotic way of existing. Death, loss, pain, fear. That’s what I’ve been working on, what I thought the Guardians meant when they said motivate.
I understand now. You can’t motivate anyone with fear, can’t inspire with grief. It’s not about that. It’s not about the past, our history, what’s been taken from us. It’s about what we can have, what we can take for ourselves.
We can have normal, boring lives like Leeds, like Manchester. We can do crappy building jobs and back breaking laundry and burn breakfast and get frustrated looking after our kid brothers.
I feel so stupid that I didn’t understand earlier. I don’t think I’ll attempt a rallying speech again but if I had to, I might know what to say. I wouldn’t remind people of what they lost yesterday—home, family, love, a limb—but what they can have tomorrow.
God, it’s so simple. So frustratingly simple that I begin to understand why the Unnamed thought he could change everything with a handful of rebels. It’s not about blowing up States. It’s not about shooting Officials. It’s why States has never had the people’s loyalty, why all their attempts at breaking people don’t work. It’s one single idea, one single want, that can’t ever be taken from us no matter how many times we’re stabbed or shot—because it’s not an idea from just one person. It’s everyone’s idea, everyone’s desire. It’s future.
It’s saying you can’t break us because there will always be someone left, unbroken. You can’t kill us because we want to live, because ideas cannot be killed.


The horizon has turned a pale yellow with strokes of purple clouds by the time I return to reality. I’ve been so caught up in my realisation that I missed most of the sunrise. I should feel tired—I only slept a few hours—but there’s just the buzz in my veins and plans in my head. I feel like I could stay awake for days but I know I’ll crash soon.
My sister tenses under my arm, going so still that I only now realise she’d been jittery, the way she is when she’s happy. There’s always something about her moving—a foot tapping, a finger drumming a rhythm. But now she’s stopped moving.
“What is it?” 
She doesn’t answer. She holds her hat to her head and takes off running down the street, headed for the food cart and the businessmen. I race after her, my newfound peace falling apart with every slap of my feet against the tarmac. Why is my sister running? What is she running from? I close in on her but she’s running too fast and I’m getting breathless. The wind slams into me, tasting of food and rain to come. Tia gets even further away. Unless she stops or slows, I’m never gonna catch up.
The next thing that happens makes no sense. Horatia changes direction, heading right for a tall, dark haired man stood on the corner of the street. The wind tears the hat from her head when she crashes into him, her arms grabbing him into a hug. I watch the lilac blur of the hat as it’s blown across the street and stoop to pick it up, frowning, watching. The man’s arms flail about Tia’s body, clearly startled, but then they fold securely around her. I’m brimming with confusion and protectiveness and jealousy. What else has Tia kept from me? What other secrets does my sister bear?
My legs move, stiff, as I cross the street, Horatia’s hat in my fist. The bitter jealousy builds and builds until I get close enough to see the man’s face. I drop the hat.
He’s not a secret Tia’s hidden from me. He’s a secret we share. His face might be thinner than it ever was and his hair might be shorter and look black against the pale morning, but I’d recognise him anywhere. I saw his face every day for three years—it’s burned into my memory, heightened by my grief and confusion and resentment.
My brother.
John.
“God.” When his brown eyes meet mine I stagger forward and into his arms. I might want to punch him for leaving us, but he’s family and I love him unconditionally. The three of us huddle together on the street corner and for a minute it’s like no one can touch us, like nothing bad has ever happened. Like I never crossed the fence, like Tia never left me, like John never made us think he was dead. It’s like we’re back home. 
John’s scent of sweat and spice drags up memories of nights spent in our living room in Forgotten London listening to his dramatic brand of storytelling. I breathe it in, and in, and in, and my heart swells. I’ve missed him, missed him holding us together, missed him making us laugh with his embellished tales, missed the comfort and protection of having an older brother.
We detangle so John can look at us both closely. “Your hair’s longer,” he says to me. “And you”—he gives Tia a grin—“When did you grow up?”
Tia gives him a dirty glare in response. The dark expression transforms her into a feral animal.
“Where have you been?” I ask, speaking the words because Horatia won’t. “Why did you drive off and leave us? Why didn’t you tell us you were alive? Why haven’t you been here where we needed you?”
“How could you leave us?” The quietest whisper but it has my heart hammering. My eyes snap to Tia.
John squeezes my shoulder but I shrug his hand off. My temper has a hold of me now.
“Not here,” he says. He begins to walk, like he knows we’ll follow. We do.


07:49. 01.11.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Leeds.


John shares a hole-in-the-wall bookshop with a quiet brunette girl—the girl Kari was scowling at when we first landed in Leeds. Her name is Cat and she doesn’t say anything more than a minute of small talk, though when John starts talking I’m pretty sure she’s listening. I don’t think it’s shyness that keeps her quiet, but a careful watchfulness. I don’t know what to make of her.
John strips off his dusty brown coat, throwing it over a packed bookshelf. He stuffs his hands into his jean pockets, shoulders hunched. Noticing where my attention is, he says, “You can trust Cat. She’s from Forgotten London, too.”
“What zone?” I ask.
 “Underground.” Her tone says she’d rather give me blood than answers.
“Oh.” I drop my gaze to the scuffed floorboards, flinching away from the flood of thought and emotion Underground London Zone brings to the surface. I won’t think about what might have happened to me and Tia while we were there. I won’t think about Marrin. I won’t. “You didn’t evacuate with the Guardians,” I remark. 
“No.” Cat turns her back on us and plucks a book with a ripped spine from a shelf. She hoists herself onto a wooden stool and pretends to read. I’m not stupid enough to think she’s really reading; she just wants us to think that so she can learn our secrets. Cat isn’t offering up her own secrets so I’m going to be careful about mine.
“Where’ve you been?” I ask John, squinting against a flare of light. The sun’s up now. It makes the hundreds of books crammed into this cardboard box of a shop gleam a gradient of amber, red, and pink.
Tia leans against a solid bookshelf, her arms crossed and her attention squarely on John. I expect her to say something but she doesn’t. I suppose she doesn’t need to—her lowered eyebrows and puckered lips are enough to suggest fiery words and insults.
“Sit down,” John says. “This’ll take a while.”
“I’ll stand.”
His eyes turn pleading but he doesn’t argue. He sinks into a tan leather arm chair and looks up at us. “I’ve been investigating the President.” When I open my mouth he holds up a hand. My jaw snaps shut. “You know that envelope? The one my brother gave me before he died?”
“Yeah. What about it?”
“It said to open it in 2040. I did.”
“And what was in it?” The question comes out harsh. Getting answers from John is like getting mercy from Officials and I don’t have enough patience to deal with it right now. I just want the truth—and all of it.
“A letter and a purpose. You could read it yourself if I hadn’t burned it. The gist of it is this: the President is responsible for all the shit of our world and he needs to be stopped before he destroys what’s left of us.”
“That’s the Guardians’ purpose. If you wanted to stop the President, you would have joined them. Don’t try and tell me you didn’t know they existed.”
“I did,” he admits. “But I never wanted to join them. I didn’t have that strong an opinion about the President until the letter. Figured the world was bad enough without adding secret movements and rebellions to my life. Plus, I was a coward. Still am, actually, but I’m pretending to be brave.”
John leans forward, his elbows on his knees, ragged and pale. He looks at Horatia with worried eyes. “Why is he watching you like you’re going to break? Like one false move will shatter you?”
“You were gone,” I answer for her. Bile hits the back of my throat along with bitterness and fury. “You left us and—Tia doesn’t speak now. I’m not saying it’s your fault but you should have been with us.”
He scrubs a hand over his face. “I didn’t choose to leave—the Officials chose that when they tried to kill me. Lucky I had the envelope, or I’d really be dead.” He peers up at Tia with sad eyes. “I’m sorry.”
My anger is fading now. I don’t feel like punching my brother when I look at him. “What do you mean you’d be dead without the envelope? What the hell was in it?”
“A letter that had been passed down for generations. It was from my great great grandfather. Maybe another great, I don’t know. He gave me a drug to fake being dead for a day, a clip that could unlock any door, and a few other things. But they came with instructions. At the top of the list was that I was under no circumstances to tell you or Horatia anything until you reached this town. Said you needed to go it alone.”
“Why?” I pick at the crumbling spine of a history book. On a second thought I pocket the small volume. It won’t hurt to learn some of our history, especially the royalty I’m related to.
“Don’t know. The instructions don’t come with reasons. I’m just meant to follow them—and if I do everything right, I’ll be able to keep it all intact. The world. The timeline.” He pauses, and then picks up another train of thought. “One of the instructions was to come for you when F.L. was Falling. Whoever wrote them, they know things nobody else does. It’s like they see everything, know everything. Can’t fight with something like that. I wasn’t sure I’d even follow the instructions until that day—but after that, how could I not? They’d saved your lives.”
“And these instructions … they told you to leave us at the Guardian checkpoint without an explanation or a goodbye?” My fingers have curled into fists. I unfurl them and pinch the inside of my wrist. It helps, but it shouldn’t.
Seeing something in my expression, John comes over to me, and it’s all too much. When he hugs me I don’t even think about pushing him away. I rest my cheek against the soft wool of his jumper and let myself hope that he’ll stay this time.
“The instructions saved your life once. How do I know they won’t again? How can I not follow every single one of them if it means keeping my family alive?”
“So you did all this for me?” My voice is strangled. “How does that even make sense? I needed you, John. I needed you. I didn’t know—I don’t know—what to do. I need my brother.” I let go of him, trembling and unable to contain it. Too late I realise I’ve spilled all my fears and thoughts for Cat to hear. 
John doesn’t let me go. He grips my shoulder—his hold too heavy—and only then do I realise he’s struggling to hold himself together too. “Don’t think I didn’t need you, too. I’d never been by myself, and then all of a sudden I had to do everything alone. Without Thalia, you, Tia, Wes. I didn’t know how to do that,” he says. “But I had to.”
He slumps back to the chair and sinks into it. He says, “The President is a time traveller. He goes between this year and seven others—in the past. He’s not just ending this world with the Strains and Officials. He’s putting everyone in the past in danger. Every time he goes back, he goes a week earlier, a month earlier, a year earlier. He’s doing fine now, but eventually he’s gonna change something, and something big. Something that should never have happened. The instructions will help me stop it, when I find him. That’s why I keep leaving. I’m trying to find out everything about the President—nobody knows who he is, not really. If I can find out who he is …”
I don’t have any words. If I wasn’t for Bran I wouldn’t believe what John’s saying. I’d argue, call him mad. Instead, I listen.
John sits up straighter, leans towards us. His gaze begs us to understand, to forgive him. “He came out of nowhere five years before the flares struck. A dozen dead politicians meant he could rise to a high position within two years. In five years, he was the President of States—without anyone voting for him to be there, without anyone knowing who he really was. Everyone was blackmailed and threatened, I reckon. There were protests and investigations into his real identity at the time but those were all abandoned when the flares and The Sixteen Strains struck. He’s been in power ever since.”
“That’s why you were researching the Strains,” I say.
“I was doing what the instructions told me, gathering everything that was available. Since then I’ve been using … different methods to get information.”
“Like what?” I try to weigh Tia’s reaction but her eyes are closed, her face contorted with pain. It takes a long moment before I realise why—all this talk of the President is bringing his son to the front of her mind. Marrin. I’d forgotten he was the President’s son.
“Bribery,” John answers. “Manipulation. Torture occasionally.”
“Torture?” I frown. “You?”
He tugs at his hair. “I’ve had to learn things you wouldn’t believe. Torture’s a lot like a bar fight. Your opponent just doesn’t hit back.”
“Right.”
“Moving on.” John wipes his expression clean. “I’ve been collecting every scrap of information I can, trying to find the identity of the President and trace him back to his real time.”
“And then what? Time travel? Go back and kill him as a baby?”
“Essentially.”
I take another book from the shelf beside me—A Concise History of North America—just for the chance to break eye contact. He’s willing me to understand, to forgive him for leaving, but I’m not there yet. “That’s crazy,” I say. My belief has run dry. I tuck the book into my pocket and step closer to my sister. “You alright?” I murmur.
She smiles sadly. I’m pretty sure that’s a no, but she’s coping. I put an arm around her shoulder as another book catches my eye. 
It has a purple spine with turquoise vines on it. It’s the missing title, the mystery, that draws me in. I edge it out with my free hand, acknowledging that I should stop collecting books, that they’ll weigh me down—but there’s something about the oldness, the smell, and the feel of having a book in my hand that’s impossible to resist. I’d take them all if I could. Or just move in here. 
Victoriana is inked in a sloping hand on the cover amidst a curling pattern of tendrils and flowers, branches and thorns. If it’s possible to love a book, I’ve fallen deep and fast. Mine, my heart sings. I sit the book with the others in the pocket of my new coat. It weighs down the thick wool but I don’t care. I’m allowing myself to be impulsive for this one thing. These three things. 
“I got Wes out,” John blurts. His expression is one of madness, but genuine madness. Honest.
Tia gasps. 
I shake my head. “What?”
“I got Wes out,” John repeats. “I couldn’t—I was too late—I got him out for Thalia. He’s in the safe zone in Plymouth.”
“Is she—?”
There’s no other word to describe John than crushed. “She’s gone. For good.”
He looks so broken that I forget my bitterness. I kneel at the foot of his chair and grab his hand in both of mine. His eyes shine with emotion. Tia stands behind his chair and rests a hand on his shoulder. In the end it doesn’t matter how much we hurt each other. Family will always be family.

***

Branwell

04:23. 02.11.2040. The Free Lands, Northlands, Leeds.


Since my father died and my sister disappeared—since, I can admit to myself, Bennet died in the process of being transported here—the only time I feel half human is when I’m around Honour. The rest of the time I’m crippled by guilt. I know I’m becoming unpleasant and unsociable but I can’t seem to help it. My father died and I could do nothing to save him. My sister died and it was entirely my fault. If I had dropped the hopeless notion that I could get my father justice, that I could regain his faith and pride in me by finding the Lux, my sister would still be alive. 
This guilt and grief has made me into someone I don’t like, someone who would snap at a friend for little reason, who would ignore the presence of acquaintances and prolong awkward silences because I can’t find it within me to care about niceties. I’ve caught myself doing all of these things and it makes me ashamed. But Honour has a habit of bringing out the best of me, of making me myself again.
That’s why when he wakes in the middle of the night with a cry and rushes from the sleeping area of this almost-house, I follow him. I find him stood outside, leaning against the high window-wall with his arms crossed over his chest and a pensive expression.
“Honour?”
He starts a little, his biceps straining against the much-too-tight sleeves of a grey T-shirt. I don’t think I’ve seen him in it before—it’s spotless and smells of clean cotton. It has the unexpected effect of making him appear more put together, as if he’s put considerable effort into his appearance when I know he hasn’t. Honour doesn’t care what he looks like, or how the world perceives him.
“I didn’t see you much today,” I say, leaning against the wall at his side. “Are you alright?”
The side of his mouth twitches, turning up very little. “Would you believe me if I said I was?”
“No. I would not.”
“Thought so.” He turns his head, angled down so he can meet my eyes, and I’m surprised by how much taller than me he is. I blink up at him, a frown inching across my face. 
“Would you tell me what’s wrong?” I don’t expect him to but my concern demands that I ask in futile hope. Honour prefers his issues confined safely inside him where they will do harm to no one but himself. He is much too selfless to offer an honest look at his troubles to me, or anyone. I watch him sometimes, and I see him struggling, but he hides the pain before anyone can notice, before anyone can worry. One day I fear his selflessness will get him killed.
I suppose that is the reason I feel so protective of him, why the thought of losing him turns my stomach tremulous, my heart seizing with an ache I’ve only ever felt when fearing for my blood relatives. I want Honour to realise the world will not implode if he takes a second to care for himself. I want him to realise he is as important as everyone else, as worthy of love and attention and protection.
The streetlight splutters and I somersault back to reality to find myself staring vacantly at the hollow plains of Honour’s face. Embarrassment warms my cheeks. I don’t want him to think I was staring at him—I make an effort not to stare openly at anyone since it’s so impolite. Then again, I don’t suppose Honour cares much for politeness. I look at him again. His hair is rumpled, light dusting his silhouette, brown skin tinged silvern by the moon. His eyes are dark, watchful.
As I shake myself fully free of my musing, Honour’s mouth twitches. It becomes a wry twist of a smile—one I haven’t seen before. How many smiles can one person possibly have?
“Are you here with me,” he says, “or somewhere else?”
I can’t help smiling back. “I think I’m elsewhere.”
“Hmm.” A cloud must pass over the moon because the street is pitched into gloom, lit only in misty shades of orange. Honour is in absolute shadow. “Is the weather any better where you are?”
My breath huffs out in a laugh, blunt and surprised. “No, it’s dreadful. Rain clouds everywhere.”
“Shame.” There’s a pause filled with the quiet chug of a generator somewhere underground and a distant ring of laughter, and then Honour says, “Thanks for asking what was wrong, by the way. I know I don’t—I’m not good at talking but … I’m really glad I have you, y’know?”
I’m so shocked for a second that I forget to reply, the heat pooling in my heart taking me off guard. “I do know,” I say. I’m glad of the dubious light because I’m sure my cheeks are burning with delighted mortification. A smile with a life of its own wants to take over my face but I forbid it. The silence unravelling between us is uncomfortable. I burst out with, “I’m very glad to have you too. I mean—not to say that I have you but—I am grateful to have you in my life.”
For the love of God!
I yearn to cover my face with my hands but that would only give away my God awful discomfort. Instead I tip my face into the light rain dripping from the clouds and pray it will lessen the severe heat of my cheeks.
Next time, Branwell, do not talk. Just do not talk. It’s truly not that difficult, and it would save everyone in the near vicinity the most complete humiliat—
My mind just … spools away. I’m certain each one of my bodily functions suffers from a blip in the moment that Honour hugs me, his bare arms folding securely around my shoulders. My face becomes yet hotter, though it doesn’t seem possible, and the rest of my body scrambles to match the temperature of my cheeks. The closeness of him infects me with the strangest deliria. I freeze like a total fool. A second passes before my limbs will move. I rest my palms on Honour’s back, his skin scorching under the delicate cotton. It feels as if a flock of birds has become trapped inside the cage of my ribs.
“I do know,” Honour says, repeating the words I spoke moments before my brain forsook all functionality. His breath whispers over the shell of my ear. I scramble for a reply but my useless mind suggests only Honour smells like soap and linen.
When he draws away, the cold of night hits me like a punch to the jaw. The moonlight has resumed its ghostly brightness, illuminating better the scene around us, but I wish it wouldn’t. I would like to hide in the darkness for a while, maybe even for the rest of my life.
Honour is running a hand over his hair, looking only at the empty street. I want to ask him what that was but something about it makes me press my lips together. It was an embrace, nothing more. I can’t possibly be feeling … what I think I am feeling. Attraction only happens with women and Honour is most definitely not a woman.
“You were going to tell me what was upsetting you,” I say, to fill the heavy silence. Upon hearing the rasp of my voice I clear my throat, which only serves to make me that more uncomfortable.
“Yes.” Honour is visibly grateful for a subject to talk about. “It’s my brother. John. He’s here in Leeds.”
“Oh?” What would be wonderful right about now is if my voice resumed being my voice instead of this foreign squeak. “And what’s he doing here?”
“Making crazy plans. He wants to go back in time.”
Cold shoots through me, freezing the warmth in my veins. I’m no longer embarrassed or nervous. “I would not recommend it. We don’t know the consequences of time travelling yet. Anything could happen if too many people are jumping from one time period to another. Worlds could collapse.”
“I’d ask you to tell him that,” he says, “but he’s already gone.”
“Gone where?”
“No idea. I looked for him all day but he’s left. Didn’t tell anyone where he’s going, either.” He tugs a hand through his hair. “Why does it feel like everything’s falling apart?”
“Because,” I say, “it likely is. The world can only take so much, and we’ve already put it through too much.”
“So you think we’re doomed? We can’t do anything to stop it?”
“It doesn’t matter.” My sigh is resigned, helpless. “We might as well try to stop it. It’s not as if we have anything better to do.”

***

Miya

00:16. 03.11.2040. The Free Lands, Midlands.


We leave for our next stop in the dead of night three days after we got here. No lights guide us onto the aircraft since the Leeds people have enough common sense to keep the town dark at night—unlike Manchester. We stumble blindly up the plane steps, ready to be on our way. The longer we stay in one place, the more twitchy I get, expecting Officials to drop their bombs from the sky again.
I’m glad when the plane hums and we lift off the ground.
Birmingham isn’t as cocky as Manchester or as scruffy as Leeds. Its people aren’t exactly welcoming. In the end all but three of them flat out refuse to come with us. Saga cheerfully insists it was worth the trip because our forces are growing. With the Birmingham trio, we’ve added a doctor, his nurse wife, and their tech-savvy sixteen year old daughter. I’m not sure I see the point of this recruitment. Isn’t our whole reason for going to Bharat to gather forces and make an army to attack States? Why do we need these strays?
We haven’t been in Birmingham an hour and we’re already gathered to leave, waiting for Cell to be done with his barely-civil goodbye to the locals. 
Yosiah goes deadly still. He’s fixated on something in the corner of his eye. I’ve seen him this way before and it always leads to trouble. “What is it?” I ask. When his eyes dart behind me—he always gives himself away in the end—I follow his gaze to a plain brunette girl in her twenties.
Siah clenches his jaw and I don’t think he’s going to answer, but then he does. “Someone from my past,” he says. It’s painfully clear he’s not going to explain anymore but I’m pathetically humbled by him telling me anything at all. The look in his eyes tells me this is something big, something important, maybe even dangerous.
I take his wrist in my hand, putting my thumb to his pulse. Yosiah shudders.


In the middle of our flight to the next town—Cardiff—bright lights sneak out of the night sky and our aircraft spirals to the ground for a terrifying five seconds before righting itself. People start yelling. We’ve been hit. States planes. Guardians order Timofei to return fire but he doesn’t know how to work the weapon controls.
The mysterious brunette from Siah’s past marches down the aisle and drops into the chair beside Timofei. She takes over the gun controls, her fingers becoming a blur. Within four minutes she’s shot the Official aircraft right out of the sky. 
Definitely military.
“We need to get off this island,” Yosiah says. “They’re tracking us.”
“How?” I look at him for answers but my heart comes to a standstill. He’s blocked off his emotions. My hands become fists. Why is he hiding things from me?
“I don’t know,” he says, making an effort to strip all feeling from his voice. “The Manchester spy could have planted a tracking device on any of us and we wouldn’t know—they’re only tiny.”
Honour leans across the aisle. “But they can’t track us all the way to Bharat, right?” 
“Never heard of a private conversation, Honour?” I quip.
Siah shoots me a weak glare and answers Honour. “They can. They can track us anywhere. But I don’t think they’d follow us to Bharat. They wouldn’t risk Bharat’s weaponry and armies.”
“I like the ‘I don’t think’. Very reassuring.”
“I thought you wanted the truth.”
Honour glances out the window, at the black smoke coming from the plane. He says, “I kind of hate the truth.”


There’s something wrong with our left wing. Or the fan under the left wing. Or three of the blades in the fan under the—
I rub my eyes, blocking out the rambling of Liss, the Guardians’ resident fixer. She’s got a colourful vocabulary and a vicious mouth—aspects of a personality I’d wholeheartedly approve of if it weren’t keeping us out in the open in a field of cheerful daisies. 
We all watch the inky sky, expecting to be shot.
Liss spends half an hour alternating between arguing with Guardian technologists and arguing with the techy girl we just picked up, and three hours after that doing her job—fixing the aircraft. Two and a half hours of surprisingly steady flight later, we land in Cardiff, cranky and tired.


From what I can see in the dark, Cardiff is a replica of Leeds—rubble, half broken buildings, damp, and more rubble.  
When we arrive, nobody official comes to meet us so we have to seek the important people ourselves. Cardiff’s leaders, we’re told, are an old woman called Vivienne Cynwrig and her nephew Noah. We find them in a cozy building that smells sweet and musty—the flashes of my torch over the sign above the door say it used to be a tea room, whatever that is. 
Vivienne stomps out of a back room, squinting into our torchlight. She rests heavily on a stick but looks like she could easily use it to carve out my heart if she really wanted to. If I ever get old, I want to be as daunting as this silver haired woman. 
A teenage boy stumbles into the room after her, shirtless and wide eyed. Noah, I presume.
“You’re them, then?” Vivienne asks, pursing her mouth. “That rebellious lot from London?”
“That’s us.” Cell looks apprehensive, probably thinking she won’t trust us like the people of Birmingham didn’t, that she’ll refuse to leave.
“Right.” She makes a noise halfway between a grunt and a hmm. “I’ll get my bags.”
It’s actually Noah who gets her bags, and carries them onto the aircraft, and helps her up the ladder, and obeys her when she tells him to help the rest of the Cardiff people. He dotes on his aunt and she pets him distractedly on the head in return, caught up in awe of the flashy machine. Guess they don’t have the same kind of technology as Manchester here.
I’m so busy watching Vivienne with her resilient grace and her grouchy muttering that I don’t notice Yosiah isn’t by my side. Tom and Livy shuffle into their usual seats and I warn them not to move, peering my head out of the door to look for my best friend.
He’s still on the ground, arguing with Timofei. I shove a woman out of the way and lean further around the door to hear better.
“I can’t, Tim,” he says, pleads.
Timofei’s shoulders droop. He looks tired and old. “But what if—”
“I can’t, and you know why.”
“We’re going to die, Vi,” Timofei hisses. His voice carries on the wind. “You know we are. We need all the advantages we can get and you’re a huge advantage.”
“What I am,” Siah’s says, cold and controlled, “is an abomination.”
I can tell by his tone that he’s closed off the conversation so I hurry back to my seat. Livy raises an eyebrow. 
“Quiet,” I tell her.
“Alright.” Her smirk is one of mine. “For what price?”
“What do you want?”
“Carry my bag.”
“Fine.” I speak quickly, looking over the heads of Guardians and strays to see Siah come through the door. “I’ll carry your bag for the week.”
“The rest of the month or I’ll tell him you were spying on him.”
“Fine, whatever.”
Siah takes his seat. Olive’s grin is slick and smug. 
“You’re such a brat,” I hiss so only she hears.
“I wonder where I got that from,” she throws back.
She glares. I glare. Stalemate.
I turn away from my sister to Siah. His attention is fixed on the corrugated metal of the ceiling. His hands are shaking. I cover the hand closest to mine and hold it tightly. A tiny breath seeps out of him, and then another, and another, until he’s calmer.
“I’m not telling you what that was about,” he murmurs.
“I don’t know what you mean.”
He nudges me. “I know you were listening. I always know where you are.”
Great. I’m carting Livy’s bag around for nothing. “What are you? Superhuman?”
“Don’t joke about that.” He says it too seriously, like I’ve just joked about dying from a Strain.
I feel my forehead crumple with confusion. “Why?”
He shutters his expression, covers it with a sardonic smile. He’s doing this way too often with me. He’s keeping something big. “Can you imagine how much worse this world would be if there were superhuman people running around?”
“You really think it gets worse than this?”
“Fair point.”

***

Honour

10:23. 04.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


We end up in Plymouth, right at the bottom of the island where the air is salty mist and the people talk with weird accents. There’s a buzz of excitement among the Guardians, whispered conversations and hesitant smiles. They relax for the first time since London, and I get the feeling that Plymouth is as safe as we’re gonna ever get. I notice nobody is watching the skies today.
I see intent stares from locals pressed up against their windows, desperate for a glimpse of us. I’m reminded of a different time in a different city, when we were investigated for the Strains, when the Officials thought we were in on John’s crazy plot to trace the President back through his timeline, when our neighbours sent us glares through windowpanes, thinking we’d killed John—thinking Tia and I had killed John because whenever something bad happened on our street we were to blame because we were black.
It’d be nice to think those days were behind us now but I’m sure half the hostile looks we’re given by Guardians, their families, and these strangers are because they’re white and we’re not. I haven’t heard the inevitable insults yet—we’re not settled down, so I don’t think anyone feels comfortable enough to be a complete asshole—but it won’t surprise me when I do hear them. I’d love for someone to say something nasty to Horatia though, and to watch them hit the floor from the force of Miya’s punch. 
They’re stood together now, Miya and my sister. They have conversations of gestures and facial expressions, Miya’s huffed laughter paired with the nudge of Tia’s shoulder.
There’s future in this briny air or, if not the real thing, there’s the promise of it. It’s obvious in the casual way we stand around. Nobody’s in a rush to get anywhere, not now we’re in Plymouth. I remember what I promised myself: I’m going to make an actual effort to help the Guardians, to stop people’s suffering. And I think I know how to do it—not with words but with strategy and Dalmar’s help—but that will have to wait. This is the town John got Wes out to. 
Today I will find my missing brother. Well—my other missing brother.
Word has been sent out to all the small safe zones dotted around Forgotten London, the ones people had escaped to long before the Fall. I can’t believe it when I’m told there are eleven of them in total. God knows how many people escaped to them. Even The Guardians have lost count. All those people living so close to us for years, all those safe places we could have run away to.
But if we’d have got out sooner, we wouldn’t know the Guardians, we wouldn’t be a real part of the revolution, and we wouldn’t have some of the friends we’ve picked up along the way.
I’d never have met Branwell Ravel. I don’t even want to think about a life without him—he means too much to me now. I don’t want to think about him going home, going back, either, but sometimes that thought strikes me viciously, the way it’s striking now.
I grit my teeth, closing my eyes for a split second. I trip over my feet and slam back to reality. Plymouth. Waiting. Future.
The future. I breathe through my nose, picturing it, picturing being free.
By the end of the week all the people left in the safe zones will be here, and the republic army in Bharat will have sent us aircrafts. A way out. Three of the aircrafts they’re sending are fighter planes, loaded with every gun, canon, and bomb imaginable. A way out with the power to defend ourselves.
It’s happening.
I can finally imagine an end to this.


I’m barely off the aircraft before Dalmar closes a hand around my arm and drags me behind the aircraft.
He’s staring at me, furious, his skin flushed red and his pale hair a total mess. 
“You haven’t told anyone have you?” he demands. “I knew you wouldn’t. You can’t pretend this is fine, Honour. I know it’s not.”
“What are you talking about?” I try to shrug off his grip but he tightens his hands on me to a painful degree. 
“Your hallucination! Nobody knows about it, not even Timofei. I asked if there was any progress with you, and he looked at me like I was talking a foreign language. He’s a doctor, Honour! You should have asked him for help. Don’t you care? Aren’t you worried about yourself at all?”
I wrench myself away, walk a few paces away. “Are you serious? So I’m seeing things, so what? I’m alive, aren’t I?”
“That’s my point. You don’t know what caused that, or if it’ll happen again, or if it’s killing you.” He drags his hands through his hair, looking at the grey sky. It looks like it’s gonna rain. Good—it might cool Dalmar’s anger.
“You’re overreacting,” I say.
“And you’re underreacting.” He hisses, “Anything could be wrong with you. Anything, Honour. If what you said about Underground London Zone is true, they could have done anything to you. You might have a Strain, you might have an even worse illness. Those exist, still, no matter what anyone says. And that’s not even taking into account mental illnesses. Do you have any idea how many things there are that could kill you any minute now?”
“Dal,” I say, softer now. I know where this anger’s coming from—he’s worried about me. “I’m alright, really. I don’t think it’ll happen again.”
He looks at me for a long moment. “Are you sure about that?” He comes closer, a deep crease between his eyebrows. “Are you certain? What warning did you get last time? Is there something you felt, sensed, that told you it wasn’t real?”
My stomach drops. There wasn’t. There wasn’t any warning that it was fake. I thought it was real, but all that time I thought I was hitting out at Officials, I was really fighting Dalmar. I raise my eyes to his and my despair must be visible because he catches my shoulder, comforting instead of confronting this time.
“You see the problem,” he says. “It could happen again any time. And you’re right—it might be nothing at all. But we can’t know for sure.” His turquoise eyes beg me to be reasonable. “Will you let Timofei check you over?”
I nod reluctantly. If there is something wrong with me—and of course there is, but if something other than being a carrier caused that vision—I want to know what it is and if it’s fixable. “Okay,” I say.
“Thank you.” Dalmar’s still holding onto me but I don’t feel too inclined to free myself.
“I’ll be okay,” I say, my eyes on the gravel under my feet.
“I know. I’ll make sure you are.” There’s a stretch of the wind and the hum of the still-running aircraft, and then he adds, “I’m not losing anyone else, especially not you.”
“No,” I agree.
“But I almost did.” At the break in his voice I meet his eyes. I press my palm over his hand on my shoulder, wanting to say something but not knowing what, or how. “In Manchester. You died. I’m sure you did, I saw it, I watched you. If Branwell hadn’t—you’d be dead now. You’d be gone.” He sucks in a ragged breath and says, with finality, “I’m never going through that again.”
“I’m sorry,” I mumble. I don’t know what else I can say. Nothing will make up for it, and even though I feel like it’s my fault, I’m not sure it is. Yes, I took the vaccine in Forgotten London, but I didn’t know it’d activate in Manchester because of a stupid civilian guard with a shitty gun. Still, I apologise again.
Dalmar squeezes my shoulder and releases me, taking a deep breath. “It’s not your fault.” Sounding more like himself he adds, “You have to tell your sister and the others, though. And if you don’t, I will. They deserve to know what’s going on with you.”
“Okay,” I mumble, brushing drops of rain from my brow. It did start raining after all. “I’ll tell them.” 
Eventually.
“Good.” He nods, satisfied. “I’m gonna find Timofei and ask when he’s got time to see you.”
I don’t get another word out before he’s run off, vanished into the rain. Why does he always do that? I remember him doing the same thing back in Forgotten London. We sat in a tiny park in Hammersmith and he told me all London people had statuses, that ours was ‘Insentient’, and he was working on getting us away from F.L. to somewhere better. And then he just disappeared into the town.
It’s really annoying.
“I can tell you what you want to know.”
I spin around, heart lurching. “Cat ...?” 
She was the last person I expected to see. I’d actually forgotten she existed. I’d feel guilty for that but she doesn’t look like she cares what I think of her. I wonder, not for the first time, what John was doing with her. How the hell did they end up sharing a hole-in-the-wall bookshop in Leeds? There’s something about her that’s just … unsettling. She watches you too closely, stares for minutes at a time like she’s analysing you for the best way to wreck you. A shiver trips down my spine.
“I can tell you what you want to know,” she repeats, coming closer. Her mousy hair is damp and curling, the ends dripping onto her tan leather jacket. The curls make her look younger, an edge of vulnerability I don’t believe. The shrewd, sharp look in her eye is the truth of Cat. I don’t need to know anything else.
It takes me a moment to fumble together a response. “What do I want to know?”
“What they did to you.” She leans nearer. Up close her skin is weirdly pale, almost translucent, though that could be because of the drops of rain speckled across her cheeks. This close, I can also see the flecks of colour in her eyes, the vividness of the hazel, the imperfection in her right eye.
I jerk back, not sure what I’m seeing. It looks like the colour from her iris has … bled out. The entire left side of the brown has leaked into the white of her eyes. I swallow hard, my heart speeding. I know what she’s going to say before she says it.
“They did it to me, too.”
I stagger back and catch myself against the slick metal of the aircraft. Cat was there. She knows what they did to me, what they did to Tia. “Tell me.”
“They made us … addicted.”
“Addicted?” My mind is numb. I thought she would say we were an experiment, some scientific fuck up. I’m about to open my mouth when she rushes on.
“They wanted us to be dependent on them, because they weren’t done with us yet. They needed us. I was … I was the same way when I escaped and your brother found me.”
Officials … made me addicted? “Addicted to what?”
“It’s a drug. Not a street drug. It’s a chemical compound but that’s all I know. I had hallucinations, too. I saw my friend but … he wasn’t really there. John snapped me out of it.”
I’m addicted to a chemical? This gets worse the more I know about it. Is Tia addicted too? I mean to ask but instead I say, “You’re good friends, then? You and John?”
“We are.” Even with the raw scrape of her voice I can’t see her as harmless.
I take a breath of rain and air and force myself to stay calm about this. There must be some way to ask the questions I need to without freaking out. “My sister,” I start. “She was in Underground as well. I need to know—is she addicted too?”
Cat glances away from me, fixing on the people carrying backpacks and boxes of supplies and equipment from the plane for five seconds. “We all were. But I know how to fix it. There’s a cure to stop it all—the hallucinations, the vomiting, the addiction.”
“Vomiting?”
She reaches to flatten her hair with fluttery hands but then drags them away, pasting her arms to her sides. Her face clouds over with anger. Weird. She says, “Everyone reacts different to the withdrawal, but every reaction is bad. And we can stop it. You can stop it, stop being a carrier too. There’s an organisation, people I knew back in F.L. who can help reverse what was done to us. We just need to get to them. In States.”
“States,” I echo. So there’s a magical way to fix all my problems but it just happens to be in enemy territory. I should have guessed that with my shitty luck it wouldn’t be easy.
“The Guardians are going there anyway. Eventually. We just have to go with them, find my people, and get them to treat the withdrawal and reverse the procedure.”
Ice cold rushes through me, my body going deadly still. I can’t look at Cat, can’t look at anything, when I ask, “What procedure?”
“Oh. I … thought you knew.”
I can tell by her voice that she’s telling the truth, but that barely pierces the horror moving through my body. I feel like I’m going to be sick—until I remember the memories that were taken from me. That must be the procedure. The procedure to make me forget. There’s no need to jump to conclusions and assume the worst. 
“The procedure to wipe my memories?”
I have my answer when Cat’s eyes drop to the floor. “No, the one they did to us as kids. The one that made us … you know?”
“No.” I wipe the sweat from my palms on my jeans. “I don’t know.” When she doesn’t say anything else, I start to really panic. Full on breathing-fast, out of control panic. I wish for the days when I didn’t feel fear, when I never reacted this way. I was stupid to think I couldn’t be scared—I just needed something terrifying enough to kick the fear into me. “Did they do this procedure to Tia as well? Did they do it to my sister? Did they hurt her?”
Cat looks alarmed at my words, but downright scared when I grab her shoulders. My voice rises. “What did they do to my sister? What did they do to me?”
“Honour.” A smooth voice cuts through the hysteria and an out of place calm washes over me. Someone takes me by the arm. “I think you should leave,” says the voice and at first it makes no sense—why would they be gripping my arm if they wanted me to leave?—but then Cat says, “Fine,” and stalks away.
It’s a while before the panic totally leaves me and I can think clearly again. It’s a while before I open my eyes.
“Better?”
I blink in confusion at Kari, the woman from the aircraft, the only survivor of Manchester, Yosiah’s sister. Why did she make Cat leave? And how did she calm me when I don’t know her? Why is she looking at me like she gives a crap?
“Your body remembers me, even though your mind doesn’t,” she says, pressing a handkerchief to my sweaty forehead. “You and I knew each other in Underground London Zone. We were … housemates.”
“Were we together?” I don’t know why that’s the first thing I could think to say. Possibly because my mind’s still messed up from my freak out. More likely because I’m an idiot.
“No.” She laughs, one side of her mouth tilting down and her eyes creasing. “You’re younger than my brother.”
“How old are you, anyway?”
Kari raises a dark eyebrow, but her smile is indulgent. “Twenty four. I was younger when you knew me but still far too old for you.”
I lift a shoulder up in a shrug. A warm feeling spills into my stomach. “I think … I remember this. Being your friend. Was I happy?”
“You were.” Her smile slips. “Sometimes.”
“But not others?”
“No.” Kari pats my shoulder, far too familiar and thoughtless to be faked. If I didn’t believe her before, I do now.
“That’s why you were upset with me. On the plane. You thought I’d recognise you.”
“Yeah. I didn’t think you’d forget me but remember Vian. That was an interesting turn of events.”
I tilt my head, an irritating habit that emerges when I’m confused. “Vian?”
“You call him Yosiah now.” She looks so thoughtful for a second that I don’t disturb her. In the back of my mind—or more like in the back of my feeling, which doesn’t make any kind of sense, but feels more accurate—I remember this, that Kari needs silence when she’s thinking, that interrupting her could derail her train of thought.
“There’s still some memory trapped in your subconscious,” she says. “There must be. How did you and Yosiah become friends?”
I was in the library closest to our home. I’d sneaked in after dark for the third time that week, to steal another book because I’d read the one I took before twice by then and needed another story. I liked books—they were the easiest way I’d found to forget everything around me, to pretend I was some place better. I came across Yosiah in a store room stealing food to survive. After minutes of tense glowering when we tried to work out if either of us was going to report the other—and realised we weren’t—we began talking. That’s not out of the ordinary. It happens. You meet people in weird situations and you become friends.
 I relay to Kari how we met, expecting—for some reason—a deep insight into our inevitable friendship. Instead she says, “I have no idea. Some things are just meant to be, and others are coincidences. I think your friendship with my brother is a bit of both. Now, are you going to States like Cat suggested to get this supposed cure? Or are you going to carry on as you are now?”
I rub my face. “How should I know? Is there a guide book for this kind of thing?”
“If there is, I could have used it a few years ago.”
I’m not really paying attention. There’s something off about this whole conversation, something that’s taken me until now to recognise. “Tia,” I say, searching for truths in Kari’s dark eyes. “You didn’t mention my sister, not even once. Why?”
“Because I don’t know her, Honour.”
Kari’s wringing her hands, watching me with a mix of sympathy and frustration. At me? At herself? That part of me locked deep down inside, the one that knows Kari, thinks she’s pissed at herself. I can feel my breathing spiking again and something tells me this time it won’t be so easy to calm down. “What do you mean?” I draw out every syllable like I can put off the truth. 
Because the secret part of me already knows what Kari is going to say, just like it already knew Cat would say I’d had the ‘procedure’.
“I never saw Horatia,” she says. “I never knew her, because she was never with us. If she was in Underground London Zone, she was somewhere else, in a different experiment.”

***

Branwell

11:04. 04.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


The dining room in Plymouth smells of flavour and promises, the bland food of the Northlands towns a distant memory. Gleeful and grateful I accept a steaming bowl of stew and find a seat between Marie and the girl with wild chestnut hair from Leeds. I glance around for the woman’s leader—the weathered man with the bald patch—but I assume he’s with the Guardians council, planning and compromising with the Plymouth ambassadors, as they call themselves. 
I wonder what wreck of a building we’ll be assigned in this town. An old shop, like in Leeds? Crumbled houses? The dungeons of an ancient prison? Nothing would shock me after what we’ve been subjected to, but from the quick glance of Plymouth I caught when we made our way to this dining hall, this town appears, almost, like a real city. The locals saunter and bustle, market vendors hawk their produce, bicycles glide along the roads, and children play in dirty puddles much to their custodians’ dismay. It is a true city, only lacking the blinking stars of gas lit windows and carriages sloshing through the rain. Surely a place such as this wouldn’t give us a bedroom dominated by damp or ramshackle tents made of bed sheets.
I try not to dwell on how much I miss my basement. My rumpled bed with the remembered impression of my body’s shape. The scent of musk on the air, as familiar as my own heartbeat. Home. I have a new home now, in the people around me, but that doesn’t ease the homesickness in my heart. I doubt the heartache will ever shift and I wouldn’t want it to. As long as I yearn to be back, I haven’t forgotten them. I try to call up their faces—Bennet, father, Carolina, Jeremy, Nancy—but all I get are indistinct blurs and shapes and colour. I’m reminded of being in the basement of Morelock’s house when the cruel Olympiae villain left me beaten and dizzy, seeing in foggy movement. Trying to recall the faces of my family after being away from them for some time is achingly similar.
“What’s up with you?”
I peer at Marie from behind my hair. It’s longer than I usually let it grow, curling on the ends. “I’m just tired,” I say.
Priya leans around Marie to gift me a smile. “We’ll be able to rest soon.”
“I know.” I’m less craving sleep than I am world weary, but I don’t tell my friends that. Some things are too personal to share. I return my attention to the bowl of stew before me, scooping up the now-cold vegetables, attempting to put together a complete jigsaw image of my family. Bennet, as always, is clear as crystal behind my eyes. I’ll never forget her face, not in my lifetime. My heart twinges and I wonder if echoes of it go out to her, my twin sister, wherever she is. I hope she senses me, the way I feel phantom sorrow in my sleep and convince myself it is Bennet’s pain.
Hele and Horatia have taken seats opposite us, so quietly that I startle when I look up and discover them there. “You’re a world away,” Hele says. Her eyes are crinkled at the corners, the window overhead brightening them to a striking sky blue.
“Yes,” I agree. “Sorry.” I rub the beginnings of a headache at my temples and pray it doesn’t get worse. My headaches are either nothing to bother about or they debilitate me. Unfortunately, the table’s other occupants appear to be conspiring to give me a migraine. 
An argument has erupted between the red haired girl on my left and the woman named Vivienne Cynwrig. Vivienne is by far the loudest of the two, raising her sharp voice to deliver words as weapons. She attempts to patronise Miranda of Leeds by circling back to her younger age. But Miranda bats off the old woman’s words as if they’re no more than rainwater. 
“If we run straight into war, everyone will be killed,” Miranda says, her hands pressed together in her lap where her plaid dress pools. It’s primrose yellow, made pale by time and patched together in places with brighter and darker remnants. 
Before I came to this time I never realised how lucky I was to have clothes whenever I wanted, to be able to ride into the city and have garments created just for me. I’d give anything now to have a wool coat tailored to my measurements. The coat I pilfered from Leeds is too long and tight across my shoulders. I’ve taken to wearing it unbuttoned, which leaves my limited number of shirtsleeves vulnerable to the rain. I don’t know what became of the overcoat I fell into the Guardians home wearing; I suspect it’s buried in the pit of Forgotten London under debris and the dead.
“No, child, you’re wrong—” Vivienne’s voice is a whip cracking, but Miranda’s cool tone cuts through her words effortlessly and the elder woman has no say. My headache builds.
“The Guardians need time to put together the details of their plan. I’ve studied strategy for ten years. I’ve been waiting for this war since I was born. I know what I’m talking about, Vivienne. Running into it won’t help anybody. We need to stay in Bharat and strengthen our defences. We need to wait for them to send the bulk of their military to Bharat, so we can cut down their numbers and, finally, go to war when they’re weakened.”
“There’s already a wall around the City, girl. What more defences do you want?”
“Do you know how easy it is to take down a wall?” Miranda stares directly at the older woman, and Vivienne must be a better woman than I’m a man because I’m squirming at the intensity in that look and I’m not even pinned by it. I realise I was wrong to think the man we first met in Leeds was the town’s leader. “It would take the Officials one day to deconstruct it, and they know it. That wall is there to keep immigrants out—not an army. What will you do when the soldiers blast into the City and come for your nephew? I’m guessing he won’t be running off to war—you neither. You’ll sit underground in a Guardian safe place and wait for it all to blow over.” She raises her chin. “And when the soldiers come to put a bullet in your head, you’ll be glad we fortified the City’s protection, be glad it held them off for a couple weeks longer, long enough for us to make them weak, long enough for us to win the first small victory.”
Vivienne is glaring, but Miranda must be spot on about her hiding because the old woman doesn’t speak one word of disagreement.
“So don’t talk to me about rushing head first into war,” Miranda seethes. “I’m trying to keep people alive, not put them to death.”

***

Honour

11:39. 04.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


The first thing I want to do when we’re settled into a ‘guest house’ on the waterfront is ditch everyone and go searching for Wes. I cannot think about what Cat and Kari told me, about what it all means for me, for Horatia. I need to busy myself and the best way to do that is to find my brother and spend as much time with my family as possible.
I plan to go straight across town but the landscape in front of the house catches me by the scruff of my neck and draws me close. It’s so … open. I rest my elbows on a wall and stare out at the mass of rainclouds gathered over the silver sea. A couple of boats are far out on the water and I can’t tell whether they’re abandoned or they’re—a ridiculous thought—fishing. There’s a stretch of black land just visible directly across from where I stand but next to it is open water, grey and infinite. It tugs at my heart.
The boat that took us from Harwich to Hull made me sick and disgusting but I want to go out on the water anyway. There’s something about the way it looks, endless, that makes me want to cross it just to find out what dark towns and vibrant Cities it leads to—to find out where the water ends. 
Does it end? Or does it go on forever?
I stare at the line on the horizon, running my hand over a road sign that says ‘Grand Parade’, until Tia comes out for me. She leans her arms on the wall and says, quiet enough to be nothing at all, “Wes.”
“You’re right. Let’s go find him.”
I turn my back on the open water and head into the town centre. A red and white striped tower sticks out of the grey land, a pointlessly huge metal wheel to its left. We head for the tower. I think it’ll guide us inward, to an information centre Hele pointed out. That’s hopeful—I’m expecting to get lost.
All the buildings we pass are bright white and grand, with black twisted balconies and twinkling windows. This zone practically stinks of rich people. It wouldn’t surprise me if the President came waltzing out of one of the fancy wooden doorways. I wince, stung by guilt for the thought as soon as it’s formed. Marrin was rich, was the President’s son, and he wasn’t any less a person than me. I can’t judge a person by how much money they have. That’s not what matters anymore, if it ever mattered.
Horatia tugs on my hand insistently, drawing me back to Plymouth. I follow her as she retraces our route back to the centre. Her memory is much better than mine. I got memory for useless facts, where she got memory for crucial information.  Tia narrows her eyes at the thinning road in front of us, contemplating. She changes direction, cutting through a lush park. A shortcut—that’s a great idea. I don’t complain though. I just go with it.
 I think she’s got us lost for sure when we come out on the other side of the park and make so many turns down so many side streets that I’m dizzy. We don’t come across anything but fancy white houses for ten minutes, until my sister guides us out of the maze of little roads and the city centre falls on us. We stand in the middle of shops and cyclists going in every direction imaginable. I’m amazed. Horatia’s sense of direction is better than mine too, apparently.
The information centre is still a few roads away but we find it easily. The building is actually called ‘Information and Problems Centre’, so a white board with crude painted letters says. Inside, the place is dead but a woman at a desk waves us over. We skulk over to her, our tired expressions the antagonist of her sunny smile. I give her Wes’s name, tell her we’re family. 
Tia is visibly hopeful. I expect the woman to tell us there’s no record of Wes, that he’s not here. I don’t expect it to be so easy.
But it is.
She gives us another smile with too many teeth and writes down an address.


Plymouth is the closest thing to a normal town—a city before the flares—on this whole island. Everyone has a job, like in Forgotten London, but it isn’t mandatory and they earn money instead of credits. They have money called pounds and pence that comes in coins and paper. I’m amazed they managed to keep enough of it from before the flares to be able to use it. They don’t have an allocation centre, but they have a market and a food shop which is pretty much the same. They have a food hall like in Manchester, but none of the food is free—that has to be paid for, too. I think the money goes to the cooks—since that’s their job—but I’m just guessing.
Everything seems too complicated. When the Guardians win, if the world goes back to the way it was, it’s going to take years to get used to the systems and the customs. Maybe they’ll keep credits. I hope they do. I’ve grown up with the white coins; it’d be weird to live without them.
There are students everywhere around Plymouth, wearing dark uniforms and colourful ties. Some are even my age which is strange to see. In Forgotten London we left school at twelve to start work. I’d have loved to go to school until their age. I could have read so many books, learned so many subjects. Maybe I’d be a genius now, like Bran, if I was still in school.
I warm to the thought. I’d like to be able to understand my friend when he goes off on one of his excited rants—though those are rarer lately—and to know what Dalmar means when he talks about technology.
A man selling hot soup calls out to us but I politely turn him down. We don’t have any of their money. Tia stares longingly after the soup vendor, unfolding a slip of pounds from her pocket.
“Where did you get that?” I hiss.
She turns to me with a tiny sly smile. “I pickpocketed a woman.”
For half a second I just blink at her. Then I ask, excitement unfolding, “What else did you get?”
She produces a chunk of chocolate wrapped in gold foil, pressing it into my hands. Our grins are an instant of mirrored glee. We jog back across the road to the man with the soup.


14:42. 04.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


Wes lives on a pretty residential street with flower beds and bright doors. I see him through the squares of glass in the door before he spots us. He doesn’t look any different—same dirty blonde hair, same broad shoulders, same serious expression, same slumped way of walking. When he sees us, his slump becomes a run. He swings the door open and grabs me into a hug before I can form a word. Tia sets her soup down on the top step and coaxes Wes out of my grip. Her fingers pat down flyaway strands of Wes’s hair. It’s obvious he doesn’t know what to say or do for a few minutes, but then his mouth tips up.
“I didn’t think you’d find me,” he says. And then before we’ve had a chance to reply he adds, “I’m so glad you’re here. John had to leave weeks ago, and I’ve been sitting around on my own ever since.”
“We’re here now,” I tell him.
“I’m coming back with you.” He ducks his head back inside. “Let me get my stuff.”
“Coming with us where?”
“I don’t care.” His shout comes from deep inside the house. Tia and I stay on the doorstep. I stuff my hands into my pockets, rocking on the balls of my feet. Wes re-emerges with a grey holdall and slams the door without bothering to lock it. “Anywhere,” he says. “I go where you go.”
Running a hand through his long hair to smooth it away from his face, he looks at us and heaves a long sigh. We leave the street behind.


By the time we get back to the guest house the sea has become more insistent and the waterfront is windy as fuck. Wes wants to get inside as quick as possible—I think that’s how he’s dealing with the trauma, with Thalia’s death.  He was twitchy all the way across town, staying closer to Tia and me than he needed to. 
I watch Wes hurry up the stone steps to our latest home, desperate to get inside. All of my family are reacting differently to this aggressive way of life. I don’t judge Wes one bit for wanting to be out of the open. Whatever makes him feel safe on this unsafe island is fine with me. Besides, I have so many issues that I’ve got no right to judge anyone based on theirs.
I don’t follow Wes. Yosiah is stood against the wall across the road, contemplating the water. He looks sad. Tia communicates that she’ll show Wes to a room and I should talk to Yosiah in one elaborate wave. I make my way over to him, bracing my body against a gust of wind.
Yosiah doesn’t turn but it’s obvious he knows it’s me in the way he doesn’t try to strangle me. He nods at the sea. “That’s the second boat in half an hour.”
I squint at the white rectangle bobbing on the sea, a trail of foam following it. It’s not as big as the ship we took to Hull but it’s not tiny either. “Where’s it coming from?”
“Europe.”  I recognise that soft voice unconsciously—Kari.  She meets my frown with a raised eyebrow.
Yosiah’s tone is harsher than the wind. “I don’t remember inviting you to join this conversation.”
Kari snaps her mouth shut on whatever she was going to say. A flash of hurt joins the anger on her face. She strides away without a word, throwing me a covert glance as she heads for the guest house. I know what it means, which is no surprise, but I don’t know what she wants me to do. Instead of asking what’s wrong with Yosiah with words I’d definitely screw up, I ask questions with my expression. 
He avoids answering by waving a hand at the boat. “They’re coming from France, from Forgotten Paris. They heard about our evacuation to Bharat and they want to join us.”
“How do you know that?”
He rubs his face. “Timofei.”
“Ah. Are you two … y’know? Because I thought you and Miya—” He blinks extremely slowly. “And that has absolutely nothing to do with me.” I stop talking, which is perfectly fine, the right thing to do. But then for some stupid reason, I start up again. “I’d be fine with either, just so you know. And I think they’re both really great people. Miya’s a little … terrifying, but if that’s what you go for that’s great.”
“Honour.”
“And Timofei’s not terrible. I mean—he’s got more issues than a newspaper but—”
Yosiah efficiently stops the flow of words by covering my mouth. “Thank you. I appreciate that, but please shut up.”
He lets go of me. I pretend I’m not embarrassed. 
We’re quiet for minutes, watching the boat make slow progress into the town. It eventually goes out of sight, hidden by the hulk of a white building at the end of the road.
“What about you?” Yosiah asks after a while.
It takes me a moment to put together his words with a meaning, too wrapped up staring into space. “What do you mean?”
“Well you and Branwell are close.”
“We’re friends.”
Yosiah gives me a smirk straight off Miya’s face. “Hmm.”
“We’re good friends.” I’ve never thought of Branwell as anything more than a friend. I turn the idea over in my head and I don’t hate it, not at all.
“Is that why you don’t like strangers talking to him? Because you’re friends?”
“What?”
“You get edgy when he talks to people you don’t know. You look like you’ll jump into a duel to defend him if it’s needed.”
“Really?” I frown at the sea. “I do that?”
“You do.” Yosiah’s tone is pure sincerity so I believe him. It’s weird to think that I’ve been doing something and not even knowing it. 
I remember in Leeds when I hugged Bran, remember being taken off guard by the easy way he fit in my arms. I remember not wanting to let go. I shake my head to clear it. I’m just protective of him, that’s all. It doesn’t mean I’m gay.
I’m relieved when Yosiah speaks again. 
“There’s another.” He points to the mouth of the port where another boat, this one smaller, is sailing towards us. He narrows his eyes at the ship for two seconds, then spins around and jogs to the guest house.
“Right,” I say to the empty road. “I’ll wait here.”
The door across the road slams open. Yosiah, Timofei, and Dalmar come pouring out. 
“That’s the third in an hour,” Yosiah says.
Timofei glares at the ship. “If these people expect to come with us, we’ll need an extra aircraft from Bharat.”
“Can you do that?” I ask. “Just request another and they’ll send it?”
“I can,” Dalmar says. “I’m the leader of The Guardians now.”
“Since when?” He never said he was even thinking about taking over Alba’s position. It cuts a little but I guess it’s not my business. I don’t have anything to do with organising this rebellion, even if I want to help.
“This morning,” he says. “There wasn’t time to tell you. I decided on the spot.”
“Oh.” I put my back to the sea, focusing on the row of houses across the road to avoid Dalmar’s searching gaze. They’re painted either pristine white or pastel colours, none of them a boring grey or brown, none of them falling apart. 
I should ask Dal about helping the Guardians, about joining properly. I’ll ask him when we get to Bharat. 
“There are at least twenty people on that ship,” Dal says.
Yosiah makes a sound of agreement. “The other two were bigger. Fifty people, maybe. How are they getting that many people out of a Forgotten Town without the Officials stopping them?”
“Smuggling,” Dal suggests.
“Too much security,” Timofei argues.
“No,” Yosiah says. “The security in some Forgotten Towns has been upgraded. There’s more technology and less men. It could be hacked, in theory.” 
I lean over the wall and look at the drop to the sea. I could break my neck if I fell. 
“I heard that too,” Dalmar agrees. “They’re bringing in heavy tech for the bigger Forgotten Towns. Maybe they don’t want them turning out like we did.”
“How do you know that?” I raise my head instinctively at the sharpness in Timofei’s voice. He whirls from Dal to Yosiah. “Actually how do you know that?”
“I overhear things.”
“And I’m told things.” Dalmar turns the collar of his coat up against the wind. “Guardian leader now, remember?”
“As if I can forget.” Timofei slices through the light atmosphere with a serrated edge. He opens his mouth, closes it, and walks away from us.
Yosiah runs after him, listing to one side.
I pull up my hood to block out rain that came from nowhere and rest a hand on Dal’s shoulder. He looks at his feet. Neither of us mentions Alba.
The slap of feet on the road is the first sound in ten minutes. Hele’s shiny green blouse fans out behind her as she darts across the street, pale red hair dyed dark on the ends by fat drops of rain.
She stumbles to a stop, catching Dalmar’s hand.
“What?” He touches her face, her hair, her neck. His worry is clear in the small, frantic caresses. “What is it?”
Hele looks between us with wide blue eyes. Between heaving breaths, she says, “Forgotten Paris has Fallen.”

***

Yosiah

16:54. 04.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


“Tim,” I yell. “Wait!”
“What do you want?” he snarls. The dark circles under his eyes make him look ill.
“I was gonna ask if you were okay but you’re clearly not.”
“And?” He throws his arms out. “So what if I’m not?”
I don’t answer. I grab the sleeve of his coat and pull him close. He struggles half-heartedly. I know the strength Tim has in his arms, his fists. He’s not trying to get away. 
“I feel like I’m betraying her,” he wheezes. “Every time I look at you.”
I apologise. It’s not enough but I don’t have anything else.
“I love her,” he says. “And I love you. And you love Miya.”
I don’t apologise this time. I can’t.
He gasps for air, says, “I really hate you sometimes.”
“I know.”
Timofei stops talking, just lets the howl of the wind and rain drown everything out. Eventually he pulls away from me. The sudden cold is enough that my fingers twitch, wanting him back. I force them still. He’s not mine and I’m not his.
“I don’t have anything,” he forces out. “Not now she’s gone.”
I tear my eyes away, look at the bricks on the floor. “You have your sister.”
I think he might nod but I don’t see it. He speaks the words I don’t want to. “But I don’t have you.”
“No.”
His hand pushes through my wet hair and he kisses me but I can tell it’s for the last time. Even though it shouldn’t make a knife twist in my heart, it does. This is closing a door that was opened again when I found him in the Guardians’ base. This is giving up one possible future for another. This is goodbye, surrender. I can’t stand it, but I stand it anyway because this is the last time. The last time he’ll kiss me and the last time I’ll love him.
He drops his hand and walks away, and that’s it. It’s over.
I breathe in sea air, shivering. I can live without Timofei—I did live without him—but I won’t survive the coming hell without Miya. She makes me strong, makes me a person I actually like. I feel more like myself when I’m with her than when I’m on my own. 
If I’m going to live through this war with States, if I’m going to survive the revelation everyone will have about me, about us, I have to be myself. I have to be in control. 
I need Miya.
Besides—I love her.
I walk fast, on a mission to find her so she can stabilise me. I’m on edge. I’m not thinking, not acting right. My body is too hot, my hands shaking.
“Yosiah?”
An unfamiliar voice. 
“What?” I snap. Why can’t everyone just leave me alone?
But when I turn, there’s nothing there. No voice or person hounding me. There’s nothing but the ash caught in the wind, sickly grey.
Oh God. 
Oh God.
“Siah. I’ve been looking for you all over!”
Now a voice I do know. Miya. My heart is pounding—I’m falling apart. She can’t see me now. 
“Livy said she saw you with …” She trails off, seeing me. “Your eyes are weird.” She stands on her tiptoes to look directly into my eyes. Thank God she makes my heart stop, my emotions flutter out of control, because it masks my fear. “They’re more golden,” she decides.
A weight sits on my chest; it feels like pure, unadorned terror. “It must be the light.”
“Yeah.” 
She grins then, like she can’t tell my world had dissolved into a mess of ash and accidents. “Come on,” she says. “I got us food.”

***

Bennet

19:15. 04.11.2040. Bharat, Delhi.


When we leave for Nanda Devi, Delhi is twinkling. Fireworks burst across the sky like watercolour added to a wet page, seeping and growing until the sky is nothing but colour and light. Tonight is Diwali, the festival of light, and I would give anything to stay and watch the painted evening sky, but I’ve been given a task. We all have.
I know I’m not the only one of us who wishes to stay. I can see the longing written in Garima’s eyes. Before we left, they lit diyas along the hallways of the Guardians’ home, the lamps burning so bright my eyes stung if I looked at them too hard. I don’t know how Bharatians usually celebrate Diwali, but I doubt it was as rushed as the dinner and prayers of the New Delhi Guardians. 
It makes me sad that my friends weren’t able to stay longer, to revel in the festivities. But Vast said tonight would be the safest for us to leave. Nobody would notice as we wove our way through the squares and roads, not on this night. Most people are tucked away inside, in prayers or feasts with their families, and those who aren’t are bewitched by the fireworks.
The streets are cloying with the scent of explosive powder and the saccharine fragrance of desserts and candies, but it fades as we walk further and further out of the city, into the less inhabited lands. A vehicle waits for us a mile or so outside Delhi but we have no option but to walk until we reach it, secretive as we’re trying to be.
The closer we get to the city border the more often Garima sighs with weariness, hefting the straps of her backpack up her arms. I myself have only a lightweight bag on my back. It holds what little possessions I brought with me and the food, drink, and essential items the Guardians supplied me with.
Garima and Devika have what bare essentials they could put together of their scientific equipment, though it still seems very heavy.  The two Black Cats carry the bulk of our supplies—tents, tins of food, stores of water, a small army of blankets, torches, matches, a compass, and a handful of tablets that we’re supposed to take just before we reach the Nanda Devi park. Vast says they’ll protect us against most illnesses that might find us in the wilderness, though I’m not sure how possible that is.
We also have weapons, should anyone try to hurt us. Garima and I have twin small knives—and I have my familiar dagger. Devika has a wickedly curved blade strapped to her back, hidden by a thick coat. The Black Cats, our masculine protection against anyone that might intercept us in the hopes of foiling our plans, could have any number of weapons. They may have none—they may be able to kill a man with only their hands. I know nothing about them. They might be our security but I don’t trust them a single bit.
The vehicle is waiting for us where we were told it’d be. My legs are pulsing with a deep rooted ache by the time I climb into the metal cart attached to the car, a dark grey-green I should think will blend into any surroundings. Garima hefts herself up with her last remaining strength, tumbling into the cart. The two of us turn our eyes to the Black Cats, waiting to see what they will do.
The older of the Black Cats—Amil—strolls around the vehicle to climb into the front with Devika. Rasendra hops into the back with us, dropping his heavy backpack onto the metal crate. The machine rumbles beneath us and we begin to move. The car bumps and jars me with every movement but at least the assault I’ve been waging on my feet has ended. My soles are stinging, my legs sore, but I feel something exciting beginning and it brightens the first hour of the rocky trip.
By the second hour, I’ve become frustrated with the constant rocking, the bruises that are surely forming along my body.
 I don’t know what I’m doing here. At first I guessed Vast was sending me to Nanda Devi because I knew what the Miracle looked like, but now that Garima and Devika are here … what purpose am I serving?
It feels like a trap now that I am fully engaged in this journey but there’s nothing I can do about those fears unless I plan on jumping out of this cart. Besides, Garima is here. If she weren’t, I might have risked the jump.
At least I have my back up plan, my insurance in the event that something terrible happens and I lose my tether to Vast and his promises. The piece of paper from V, the Guardian ally I met in a grimy diner. I put my hand into my coat pocket to touch the note. It says only a telephone number and the answer to a question I presume to be asked upon calling, but it’s reassuring. V wants something from me, thus when I need her help she’ll be happy to provide it. For a price. But if I’m desperate and alone and utterly hopeless, I know I’ll pay anything. 
I feel safer knowing that I have an escape route. 
I tip my head back against the side of the car and let the jolts and hiccups lull my fears into silence.

***

Branwell

13:16. 05.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


I lost my morning in one of Plymouth’s laboratories. The people were nice enough to introduce me to the different areas and rooms of the building, explaining the purpose of each department—anything from artificial food production to massive panes of glass said to soak up the energy of the sun. Hours passed in my amazement. 
I’ve been given a department of my own, and an assistant. I’m sure Dalmar’s new position at the head of the Guardians hierarchy granted me this privilege. I was speaking to him a couple of days ago about my wish to fully investigate the mechanisms and paraphernalia that makes my bracelet function, so when the time comes I’ll be able to go home. He must have mentioned it to one of Plymouth’s ambassadors.
Whatever and whoever is responsible for me having this opportunity to investigate my time manipulating device, I’m grateful. Maybe now I will finally get answers. Maybe I’ll be able to reach the deep calm that comes over me when my mind is fixed on a task. So far, I and my assistant, Samantha Bryall—the first girl I ever saw in the Guardians’ base, the girl who convinced the other Guardians to give me the benefit of the doubt when they thought I was an Official spy, the girl who coincidentally happens to be a gifted technologist—have only managed to get through the exterior metal band. It took a laser, which I’m warned could easily cut through my flesh and bone if I got in the way.
Tomorrow, or if there’s time after the meeting Dalmar is holding this afternoon, we’re going to start analysing the components that were inside the casing. It’s a change from the way of things I’m used to. I’m not usually so involved with physical matters; my father was the tinkerer of our family. He spent his life surrounded by odds and ends that could come together to make bewildering machines. I on the other hand was more involved with the biology area of science, though most of my last year was spent singularly obsessed with the development and progression of disease.
Suffice it to say, it was a far cry from using fatal beams of light to cut into metal. 
This room is full of all manner of paraphernalia, some of which I’m sure could hurt me as successfully as the laser, others I’m itching to know the function of. For the first time since we left the Guardians’ home in Forgotten London, I’m immersed in the bright reality of the future. I can believe now, much more than when I was trudging through the countryside, that I am centuries after my era. The technology alone is sharp proof, and it entices me. 
I’ve always been told my curiosity would get me killed.
I tuck my hands close to my sides as I follow Samantha Bryall through the winding corridors past walls of glass and the thriving experiments beyond them. I thought Manchester felt alive but it was a speck of life compared to this place.
Samantha pivots on her heel to frown at me. “We’re gonna be late.”
I quicken my pace, leaving the scent of pungent cleanliness and chemicals behind me, my hope and calm along with it. I have the bracelet tucked into my satchel, the casing pieced back together and secured by wire until we can return to the lab to analyse each component; the bangle is the one thing I will never leave in this building of silent technologists. I could never leave it anywhere. It’s my only hope of going home.
We embark a shining silver lift that will whisk us to the bottom of these twenty one floors and back to the real world. My stomach lurched when we ascended so I brace my hands against a railing, preparing for the same weightless, suspended feeling. Just as the doors are about to close an aging man wedges his walking stick between them. He pries the lift open, manoeuvres his body inside, and presses a button on the control panel. His beady eyes are trained on me, a foxhound tracking its prey.
The doors hang open.
“Don’t forget about helping us,” he croaks. “The engineering team will show you the device when you come back.”
I nod, avoiding making eye contact by staring at my reflexion in the mirrored doors. My face looks narrower, my eyes framed with darkness, but I’d rather look myself in the eye than court the director’s attention. Something about the man makes me feel as if my stomach has flipped inside out, a new level to my discomfort.
“I haven’t forgotten,” I say to my reflection. 
Satisfied, the director depresses another button. He exits the elevator quickly—there’s nothing wrong with the way he walks; the cane is a show of status. The lift finally closes. With a hiss of air and antibacterial gases, we descend. They did the same thing with the gases when we entered the building, a woman droning on about decontamination and offending me in the process. Of course they would want to protect their laboratories—I would want the same—but it seemed to come from a place that assumed Plymouth’s locals were above us. That because we were from a Forgotten Town, we were lower. I’ve heard whispers of those words around us ever since we arrived.
I suppose I finally know what it is like to be of a lower status. If I’d been suffering this derision and condescension my entire life I’m sure I’d be a shell of the person I am now. I’d have been reduced to nothing because that is what it feels like to have someone look at you as if you’re dirt—with their narrow eyed stares on me, I feel like I’m nothing.
I couldn’t have been a servant in the time of Victoria’s reign—I wouldn’t have survived every insult and glare and hit that evidenced a lower status. I’m lucky I was born into wealthy family and didn’t have to work. I owe so much to our staff, to them caring for the important things so we didn’t have to. I reconsider the way I was at home, whether I have acted condescendingly to our extended family, whether I have looked at them as if they are lesser than me. I don’t think I have. I hope I haven’t.
When I get back, if I get back, I have a lot of apologising to do.
“Something wrong?” Samantha is contemplating me, winding a ringlet of golden hair around a finger. “Is it the tech? It’s overwhelming, isn’t it? For you?”
I shrug, because it answers her question as best I can. I’m not sure if it’s the lab or the town or this whole world. I know what is at the core of my worries. It’s equal parts being out of place and worrying about Honour. I don’t know what is happening to him, or what is causing his hallucinations.
For all my bracing myself, I slam into the wall when the lift stops cruelly. Ice cold air floods the small space as the doors snap back and release us. I might love the laboratories in this building but I hate that lift.
I gulp huge lungfuls of air when we’re outside.
“Can you do it?” Samantha asks, scanning the grey buildings, grey sky, grey pavement that greet us. The washed out colour is a small comfort, calling me to the dirty silver streets of home. 
“Do what?” I ask.
Samantha pulls a hat over her hair, the indigo felt striking against the porcelain of her face. “The cloaking device.”
“Oh. I think so, yes. It may take time, though. How long are we here for?”
“Not long. Up here.” She takes me by the arm down a lonely street and into a busier thoroughfare. “A few days max’.”
“That’s not long at all. I’m not sure I’ll be able to, in that case.”
“You’ll have to work on the cloak instead of your bracelet.” She sounds apologetic, though I can’t tell if it’s genuine. “I know it’s important to you but if we don’t have a way to hide our crafts, we’ll be shot from the sky. Again.”
“I know.” I barely hold back a frustrated sigh. I’m finally given the equipment to understand my father’s device and I have to put it on hold. How very awful of you, world.
“They’ve got even better tech in Bharat,” she adds in an attempt to placate me. It works, but only because she’s right. Bharat is a City, more advanced and much wealthier than these remnants of lost towns. It will probably take me a day in Bharat to understand the bracelet.
“What’d you think of their serum, then? Messed up, right?”
“Yes.” The people of Plymouth, like everywhere else, have a unique approach to survival. Manchester thought extensive guarding would protect their town. Leeds stockpiled a vault of weapons (so I found out once they had been loaded onto the aircraft and I almost had a heart attack at the idea of sitting amongst explosives.) Birmingham assumed a humble, simple life would keep them alive. But here in Plymouth the scientists have been tasked by the ambassadors with ‘empowering’ the people, making them stronger, able to beat any Official who might come at them.
I’m told it has worked, that the few stray Officials who wandered past the town boundaries have been killed easily. But I’d like to see their optimism in the face of an army like the one that policed the populace of Forgotten London. I would also like to see them not genetically modify their people in an attempt to make them stronger and faster since it hits entirely too close to home with what has happened to my friend against his will. 
Have you not seen what this has done to Honour Frie? I wanted to scream in their faces. Why would you willingly do this to yourselves? It will ruin them!
I couldn’t shout that, though. We’re meant to be careful around them—Plymouth has the technology to put us down quickly and they won’t hesitate to do it, unlike the people in Manchester. I flash back to the dank cell where Honour was imprisoned, where he nearly died, where my heart nearly died with him. If that was Manchester hesitating to put us down, I’m not going to risk finding out Plymouth’s equivalent.
Thankfully, the serum only lasts for an hour. Though there are people who inject themselves continually, whether because of the threat of States or because they’re addicted, I don’t know. I can’t help but wonder what the effects of prolonged use of the serum will be. Nothing like this comes without a price. 
We reach the building where Dalmar is holding his meeting, a white baroque cafe with vermillion doors and window frames, perched on the corner of a quiet street. I look up at the building as Samantha marches straight inside, my eyes sweeping the three stories, the stucco festoon above the windows, the words Café Rouge picked out in gold. Such a lovely building for a drab meeting. 
I make my way inside.
The café is all dark teak and spindly furniture, the ceiling and walls a pale lemon that reflects light on the group of people sat in the far corner, papers and communicators sprawled across the tables in front of them. I take a seat beside a fair haired man with a serious expression. Dalmar nods at me in a silent thank you for coming and informs the council that we’re just waiting for Hele, Honour, and Tia before we can get started. This prompts some serious grumbling from Cell, though he’s quietened a significant degree by Saga’s heated frown. 
Honour bursts through the doors, rumpled and flustered and beautiful, a dark flush on his cheeks and sweat on his brow. “Sorry we’re late.” He’s breathing heavily, clutching a Guardians communicator. “But there’s someone that wants to talk to you.” He holds the device out to Dalmar.
“Who?” Dalmar takes the communicator from Honour. “And why haven’t they contacted me on my comm?”
“Something about signals and frequencies and—I didn’t get half of it. They said they’re from Bharat, Dal.”
Dalmar abruptly loses his cool—as I’ve heard Honour say. He makes a quick gesture at the gathered council and disappears through a side door for privacy.
“Are you sure it was Bharat, boy?”
“Yeah.” Honour comes to stand beside me, resting his hands on the chair back. “I’m sure.”
The Guardians murmur. 
I peer up at Honour. “Are you alright?”
“Not sure.”
I throw a glance around the table. Nobody is paying any attention to me. “Want to go outside?”
He breathes, “Yeah,” as if escaping the building he’s only been inside for a minute is an enormous relief.
We end up on a low wall in front of a church across the road, sat beneath an unlit street lamp that could have been abducted from my own time. I inspect the light, curious if it’s powered by gas or electricity, all the while trying not to crush the white may blossoms under my legs. The flowers add points of brightness on the grubby brick—I wouldn’t want to hurt them accidentally.
“I just feel like nothing I do is ever gonna matter,” Honour sighs. I now see that his relief came from being able to talk to me, not from going outside. “Whatever I do, I’m always gonna be cursed with this … this mess. Even if I do something amazing like save the world or cure the Strains or—or run a church.” He looks up at the weatherworn building behind us with a sad attempt at a smirk. “I’ll always have this hanging over me. I’ll always be the carrier, the boy who was made into a weapon. I don’t see the point in anything when I’ll always be what I am, not what I do.”
“That’s not true.”
“Yeah, well you have to say that.”
“Do I?” I wait for him to look at me. “Do I really have to say that?”
He looks at his feet, scuffs them against the pavement. “I guess you don’t.”
“There will always be people who see you that way.” I tip my head back to look at the sky. Overcast, I notice with disappointment. Plymouth is nothing but bleak days and torrential downpour. I’ve discovered a new hate for the seaside. “Someone will always think you are dangerous, or can’t be trusted, but you cannot listen to those people or think like them. If you think only of yourself as a villain that is what you’ll become.” I lower my gaze from the sky. “But you can’t be only darkness, Honour. I know you. You have so much love—for your family, for your friends. I think you should let a little of that light into your own heart. The horror you’ve witnessed … there has to be some goodness to balance that. I think the world owes it to you.”
I’m looking Honour directly in the eye so I see the gradual change in him, though I can’t interpret it. He dips his face towards mine and I wait for him to speak, but he doesn’t. Beneath the dark shadow of the lamppost, with the scent of sweet flowers wrapping around us, Honour kisses me. It’s quick and feverish, as soft as the petals that brush my fingers as I lean back, Honour’s body following the movement. 
He jerks away a moment later, sliding a safe distance away. “Sorry,” he says. “That was … impulsive. I didn’t mean to do that.”
Crushing disappointment weighs heavy on my heart but it’s accompanied by the slightest bit of relief—relief that I don’t have to acknowledge this energy between Honour and I because it was nothing but a spontaneous mistake.
“That’s alright,” I say, standing. I don’t get the chance to tell Honour not to dwell on it because Dalmar comes sprinting out of Café Rouge shouting my name. He dashes across the thin ribbon of a road and grips my shoulders hard enough to send pain along my neurons. “What is it?” 
My heart rate hasn’t slowed from the gallop it took to when Honour kissed me. It exacerbates my rapid panic.
“That signal from Bharat,” Dalmar pants, “was our first contact in months.”
“And? What’s that to do with me?” 
“They have a new Guardian. In the rebellion centre of New Delhi.”
“I don’t see—” But Dalmar cuts me off before I can finish, anything I might have thought or said or been dispersing at the words that rush from Dalmar.
“She’s calling herself Bennet Ravel. It’s your sister, Branwell, we’ve found her.”

***

Miya

02:10. 07.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


Yosiah is trying to sneak out without waking me. It might even have worked if I hadn’t been awake for the past three hours trying furiously not to think about my dead mother. I don’t follow Siah because he clearly needs time to himself. Instead I open the window and sit on the balcony outside our room, pulling my knees to my chest.
I’m bonier than I was in Forgotten London. I thought it was because I wasn’t eating properly, at first—which is stupid, since I’m eating better now than I ever was—but I think it’s all the walking we’re doing. Or the stress. I’m slowly wearing my body down to nothing.
I hear the front door open below and shrink back against the railing, not wanting Siah to see me as he walks past. But he doesn’t. His footsteps stop somewhere below the window, where the tiny yard is. A girl’s voice has me bolting upright, grateful that being barefoot means I’m silent. 
Yosiah is sneaking out to meet someone?
“Mel?”
I listen to their conversation, not caring how intrusive I’m being. I remember him crying out that name in his sleep. Mel. He sounded so scared. If she’s someone from his past, why is he being so secretive about meeting her? I don’t care about him having friends—I even pushed him towards Timofei so I clearly don’t care about him dating. But keeping it secret is what riles me up.
“Excuse me?” Mel’s response is venomous. If she attacks him I’ll swing right over this balcony and take the two story drop. I’d love to see her hurt him with me beside him.
“You don’t remember me?” My anger sinks instantly at Siah’s tone. It’s his lost voice, the one he uses when he’s hurting and doesn’t know what to do.
“Should I?”
“We met when I was younger. We shared a … a room. You saved me.”
She whispers, “Vian?” and then there’s silence. They could be hugging. They could be kissing. They could be doing absolutely anything. She could have killed him. My fingers make fists on the metal railing.
Eventually Yosiah says, “You didn’t forget me.”
“Of course I didn’t—I couldn’t forget you if I tried. And I’ve tried to forget.” 
I wonder if Siah would tell me what’s between him and this Mel if I asked. Before this, I’d have said yes without question. But now I’m not so sure. I know this is his past and that it’s his choice to keep me and it separate but—we’ve started telling each other our histories. He knows my name and I know his. I know about his parents—who were even worse than my mother—and he knows about my own family, how Thomas almost died when he fell down the steps when he was three, how Livy got arrested by an Official for talking to her imaginary friend, how I bribed him to let her go. I’ve told him personal things. There’s nothing I’ve kept from him but he still has secrets from me.
I feel like I have a right to them, which is wrong. I lower myself to the floor and push my forehead against the cold bars of the railing. Their voices dip for a minute, so I miss half a conversation.
“—didn’t know what happened to you,” Mel says. She paces below, which is good for me because she moves into my view. 
I bite into my cheek. I know her. She’s not someone from Plymouth like I’d assumed. She came from Leeds. I can’t remember the name she gave us but it sure as hell wasn’t Mel. Honour knows—she’s been hovering around him like a fly around shit. Honour probably knows the most about her.
I haul myself from the balcony and go back to the room, my thoughts fighting themselves. I check on my brother and sister, listen close because Livy is a sneak and wouldn’t think twice about pretending. But both their breathing is deep and genuine. I close the door behind myself and pad down the hallway to Honour’s room, cursing a twinge in my ankle. I thought it’d healed days ago. I knock quietly on the door with the back of my knuckles. It opens half a minute later and Tia peers down at me with worry. 
“I need to talk to Honour,” I say without explanation.
He stumbles into view, bleary eyed. “I’m here.” 
“Can we go downstairs?”
He rubs his mussed hair. “Yeah, sure.” He drops a kiss on Horatia’s head and says, “Be back soon.”
I go to the kitchen, not turning on a single light—I don’t want Yosiah to know I’m here. The moonlight’s enough to see by anyway.
“Secret meeting in the dark,” Honour says warily. “Should I be worried?”
“No.” I sit at the table, rigid. “There’s a girl that came from Leeds. She’s done nothing but stalk you. Who is she?”
“Cat?” He pulls out a chair, serious now. “I don’t know much about her. She was living with John in Leeds for a while. She said she came from Underground London Zone. She’s looking for someone—that’s why she was with John. I wasn’t supposed to know that but I listen to people.” He shrugs unapologetically. “She doesn’t like to talk but she watches everything. And she has a strange eye. She creeps me out.”
I don’t comment on Honour’s eclectic description, though I am curious about Cat/Mel’s weird eye. “She’s outside,” I tell him, “talking to Siah. Or at least she was.”
Honour’s face scrunches up.  
“They seem to know each other.”
“Alright, that’s suspicious,” he admits. “You hear what they were saying?”
“Not much. She didn’t recognise him at first. I don’t think they’ve seen each other in a long time, and it’s gotta be before I met Yosiah because I’ve never seen her before.”
“Wow, that’s … years.”
“Yes. Deep into Yosiah’s past. So you get why I want to know who she is.”
“Well, not really.” I throw a glare and he holds his hands up. “I mean, maybe they’re just old friends.”
“Old friends who sneak out in the middle of the night to meet each other and don’t acknowledge each other during the day.”
“Yeah …”
“If she has something to use against him—”
“Miya, if she’s bad I’ll find out.”
I’m comforted for some stupid reason by Honour’s determination. “Do you always see people that way? Good or bad?”
“Sometimes,” he admits.
His honesty coaxes a smirk from me. “What am I, then?”
“A dark grey.”
I laugh, long and low. I can’t help it. 
Before silence is given the chance to settle in between us, Honour blurts out, “I kissed Branwell!”
“Holy shit. Really?”
He drops his head into his hands. “I don’t know why I did it. I just really wanted to. And then right after I felt like an idiot.”
I stretch over the table to poke him in the head. “You’re not Forgotten London’s next it couple, then?”
He mutters a colourful insult that has me beaming. I’m sure he learned that one from me. “What’s the problem?” I ask. “A kiss doesn’t mean anything. Maybe he liked it, maybe he didn’t, you’re not gonna stop being friends, are you?”
“I guess not.” He raises his head with a sigh. “But he’s from the past. I don’t think they said many nice things about gay people back then. What if he’s repulsed by me kissing him?”
“What if he stops looking at you with those big green puppy dog eyes, you mean?” He glares me into an answer. Kind of impressive, really. “I don’t think he’s the sort of guy to get repulsed by your gayness. He’s friends with those lesbians, isn’t he?”
“Oh. Yeah. I didn’t think of that.”
“And even if he doesn’t wanna kiss you again, or jump into bed with you—don’t give me that look, I don’t know what kinda relationship you’re after. Look, he’s still gonna be your friend. I’ve kissed Siah before, and we’re still friends. It’ll be fine.”
“You mean that?”
“Yeah.”
“And what if I’m not gay? What if I just kissed Bran but I don’t like boys?”
“Then you don’t like boys. Or you do like boys. Or you like boys and girls and everything in-between. Seriously, Honour, we’re at the end of the world. Kiss who you want.”
He nods, then nods again like he needs to confirm his nod. “Yes,” he says very seriously. “You’re right.”
“I usually am.”
He laughs. “What do you like? I mean—not that you have to tell me. I’m just asking.”
I raise an eyebrow perfect in its precise silent sarcasm. Then I surprise myself by saying, “I love my best friend.”
Now I want to hide my face in the table top. I get out a bit of frustration by spitting, “It’s so annoying. It needs to stop.”
“Can’t help you there,” Honour says. He lets out all his breath and slumps onto the table top, looking up at me through his eyelashes. “Thanks for making me feel better.”
“Yeah.” I just made myself feel shitty and pissed off in the process. “You’re welcome.”
Silence gets its chance to shove into the conversation then, but it doesn’t feel uncomfortable the way it does with some people.
“So,” I say eventually. “You got a plan?”
“Why would I have a plan? For what?”
“For getting answers from Cat-slash-Mel. You always have a plan.”
“Well.” He looks out the small square window into the moonlit garden. “I guess I’ll just try to get her to talk more. Be her friend, or something.”
“Don’t even think about bringing her into our clique.”
“We do not have a clique,” he protests.
“We really do.”
Honour stares at me for three suspended seconds and then bursts out laughing. “Yeah,” he says. “We so do.”
It’s easy to feel light around Honour. He has a way of making the worst situations seem smaller, something we can easily smash into pieces. I like being around him. He makes me feel good without trying at all and he’s quick to see things from my point of view. He doesn’t judge either, which I appreciate.
I look him in the eye. “You’re a decent friend, you know?”
“Wow. High praise.”
I smirk. “Just don’t let it go to your head.”
“I’ll try but … oh no. I can already feel it inflating.”
“Don’t worry,” I say sincerely. I give him an encouraging smile. “That’s just your thick head.”
He glares at me but I don’t feel like glaring back. Not until I spot a familiar silhouette in the doorway from the corner of my eye. I wondered how much longer it’d be until he came looking for me. I’m churning with bitterness at being kept in the dark and resentment for his ‘Mel’ but one look at his face has it dissipating. I’m pathetic. As soon as he’s upset or hurt I turn soft and forgiving.
“Thanks,” I tell Honour, climbing to my feet.
“No problem.” He gives me a loaded look. He’ll get answers from Mel/Cat. 
“Come on,” I say to Siah, heading back upstairs.


I know he can read the dark emotions in me because he doesn’t say a word as I lay down. He settles beside me but farther away than before. It feels like there’s a huge crack between us, like the ones that formed around Forgotten London when it Fell. The irrational fear from Siah’s jump comes at me in a rush and I roll over, facing him. I can’t afford to be angry with him, to be distant, not now. Maybe if we ever settle down in a safe place. But not now.
“What you said,” Yosiah says before I can open my mouth. His voice is unsteady. I keep quiet. “In Manchester. Did you mean it?”
I forget to breathe for two seconds. What I said in Manchester. When I thought we were going to die. What we’ve both been pretending was never said. 
“What did I say?” I whisper. “I don’t remember.”
“It’s not important.”
I try to relax, try to forget, but it’s pointless. He knows what I said and so do I.
“I’m sorry,” he says out of nowhere.
I look at him sharply. “For what?”
“You’re angry at me. It must be … there’s only one thing I’ve done wrong and that’s keep something from you. So I’m sorry. For that.”
I curl up on my side. “You won’t tell me?”
He inches closer, brings his hand to my hair. “It’s not a small thing,” he murmurs. “It’s a big thing.” He meets my eyes in the gloom. I know I’m not gonna like what he says next because he’s biting his lip. “Sometimes I forget.” He trails his fingers to my collarbone, to my biggest scars. “What they did to you.”
My breath hitches and all of a sudden I want anything but to know his secrets. I shut down my emotions, close my eyes, and pretend I’m not scared to death.
“They took me when I was thirteen,” he says.
“You don’t have to tell me.”
“But you have to know. This is the last thing I’ve kept from you. You need to know how they—”
“I lied,” I say quickly. Anything to stop him. I can’t deal with whatever horror story lurks in his past, even though he’s right. I do need to know it. Just not yet.  I whisper, “When you asked me. I remember what I said in Manchester. I meant it. And you—you’re keeping things from me as well. Feelings.”
“You’re changing the subject.”
“You’re avoiding admitting … things.”
“I wanted to be honest with you, to tell you I was kidnapped and tortured and made to kill people. But fine.” He kisses my shoulder. “I have feelings for you.”
I hold my breath. And then, remembering I need oxygen, I let it out slowly. “Likewise.”
“Which part?” 
An arm snakes around my waist. Half of me wants to struggle and the other half just wants to curl into his warmth. I’m glad I’m still folded in on myself—my legs are a safety barrier. 
“Both,” I say. “Minus the killing.” When he kisses my hair I feel obliged to tell him, “But this doesn’t change anything. I’m not gonna be lovey or girly or fall at your feet. I won’t be Yosiah’s girl; I won’t stop being Miya. But I might let you kiss me. Occasionally. Once a week.”
“Once a week sounds heavenly.”
“Heavenly?” I groan. “Pick a different word.”
“Amazing?”
“You use that all the time.” His eyes are steady and earnest, his touch light and fleeting. I uncurl, letting down my last barrier. Don’t make me regret this, Merchant. “Put a bit of effort into it,” I say.
He’s quiet, thinking. “Sublime?”
“That’s worse than the first one.”
He swears under his breath. His hand slides down my spine to the small of my back. “Intoxicating.” His voice has dipped lower. I’m not surprised when he pulls me flush against him.
“Better.” 
He hums wordlessly in response. 
“Remember,” I say as his fingers slide into my hair. I grow more confident, raising my fingers to his neck, his jaw. “Only once a week. Are you sure you want to use it now?”
“Oh, I’m sure.”
With no effort at all, he covers my body with his. A thrill goes through me when his mouth meets mine and my hands, out of control, dip under his shirt. His body is a warm weight pressing me into the mattress, his kisses insistent and greedy, his every touch adoring. Humming under the surface of this superficial lust is the knowledge that Yosiah loves me, that I love him. It’s like all the other times we’ve kissed and it’s like none of them. I realise with neither of us holding back this time, we’re not going to stop.
I break away, breathing hard. “My brother and sister,” I say.
He hovers over me, his face so close I feel every breath. Frustration is written in his lowered brows, his tense jaw. I know the exact feeling. I raise myself on my elbows and kiss him without really meaning to. My heart feels twice as full as it should.
“Damn you,” he growls, pulling back.
“There’s a spare room at the end,” I say, already pulling him off the bed. “Wait.” I put both hands on his chest, jumping a little at how quick he’s breathing. “Do you have anything?”
“Any what?”
I hiss, “Condoms, Yosiah. I don’t exactly want another kid to look after.”
He looks completely and utterly floored.
“Oh, fine, wait here.” I find my jacket on the carpet and dig around in an inside pocket until I find a foil square. I found it in a bowl of them in the Guardians infirmary and pocketed a couple. I damn myself for not taking the whole bowl.
“Wha—”
I lean onto my tiptoes and kiss his bewildered mouth. “Stole it from the Guardians.”
“But. Were you planning—?”
“Enough talking.” I grab him by the hand and pull him into the hallway. We stumble to a halt against a wall. His hands find my hips, my mouth finds his.
“Wait.” His eyes reflect my own anger at another delay but I have to ask this. “What is this—to you? I need to know we want the same thing. I don’t want to be a one night girl, Yosiah. I don’t want to lose you because of this.”
“You’re not a one night girl.” He kisses the bridge of my nose. “You know you’re more than that to me. You’re my best friend, my Miya. My girl for every day of the rest of my life, or until you’re bored of me.”
My stomach is swimming with a sickly warmth. My cheeks are hot. “I won’t get bored of you.”
“And you won’t lose me. Not because of this. Not because of anything.”
Our next kiss is hot and Goddamned heavenly.
“Are you sure?” Yosiah stills me with hands on either side of my face. “Are you sure, Miya? About this? About me? You don’t have to, not just because I love you. We can stop.”
If my heart was full before, it just exploded into a hundred shards of Siah, Siah, Siah. “I’m sure,” I say. I wind my arms around his neck, my fingers in his hair. “I’m really sure. Are you?”
“I love you.” His hands slide around my waist. “I’m sure.”
There’s still a trill of fear in me at the thought of being fully, honestly open with him. At being intimate. But my fears are drowned out by how much I want this, how much I want to be with Yosiah. I urge him down the corridor to the spare room and shut the door behind us.

***

Yosiah

11:29. 07.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


There’s a lavish brick construction at the side of the road with balconies of white stone, columns holding up the upper tiers, and benches placed every now and then. I’m not sure how effective it is as a building, since it has no roof, walls, or obvious purpose, but I appreciate the benches. 
I sit on one of them, hunched over, watching the sea dance in the distance. I need to sit and think. To figure out a way to handle the fear of losing Miya at every turn, of losing myself and becoming something I don’t want to be.
I try to encase myself in the heat and the surety of last night, with Miya above me, the press of her skin on mine a fiery comfort, but it won’t stay. I keep returning to that stranger, the one who said my name and vanished. I can’t think of anything but that voice no matter how badly I want to recall the precise feel of Miya’s mouth creating possessive marks across my chest. I hear it even now, like a ghost.
My heart jumps into my throat at a dark figure in my peripheral vision. 
“Vian,” says my sister. “It’s only me.”
I let out my breath. If I had lost control—
“Don’t,” she says. “Don’t think about things that never happened.”
I scowl at her. “How did you know what I was thinking?”
“You’re my brother. I always know what you’re thinking.” She touches the back of my head with a gloved hand, looking at me with an expression I thought I would never see again, because I thought I would never see her again. It presses down on me again, forcing me breathless with the realisation that Kari is alive. That she’s been out here all this time. Looking for me.
I become younger again. I’m not twenty anymore. I’m the fourteen year old boy thrown out by his parents because he wasn’t acting the way they wanted him to. The fourteen year old boy who loved and lost his sister less than a week after that. The fourteen year old boy alone in the world, with no conceivable idea of living without her.
My eyes are pricking, my throat swelling with the tears I will not let myself cry.
“Control it,” Kari says, low. “You can control your emotions, Vian. Nothing has the power to break you unless you let it.”
I exhale, floored by another emotion, the one that keeps me fighting. I remember saying those exact words to Miya what feels like a lifetime ago, when I watched all the strength in her be replaced by a smaller, timid emotion. She looked lost. So lost—God, what could make her look like that? Miya. Unbreakable, untameable Miya—my Miya—lost? Unconceivable. But I saw it, I watched it take over her, and it was the worst thing to happen to me since the Fall. 
I would love—a vicious, avenging sort of love, different to the warmth and devotion I feel for Miya—to hunt down whatever villain made her look that way, and I would love to tear them limb from limb until they were nothing but a burst of atoms strewn across the air, until they were nothing.
“Enough.” Kari’s touch becomes a sharp grip of my hair. “Find control.”
She’s right. This isn’t me. My emotions are out of hand. I don’t really want to hunt down a monster from Miya’s past and tear them apart. Well, I do, but this is different. I would usually think about killing them but this is intense conviction. This is meaning it.
I breathe out, shutting my eyes, and I find control. That one blinding spark that gives me clarity. Justice, I’m sure some people would call it. Others might call it kindness or necessity. For me it’s remembering my past, remembering what I don’t want to. It’s promising to make everything right. 
Revenge.
***

Honour

10:18. 08.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


This is our last day in Plymouth and I can’t say I’m sad to leave it. I never formed any attachment to the guest house or the people—though they’re coming with us to Bharat so it wouldn’t matter if I had. The only person from this town I care about is my brother, Wes, and he’s really from Forgotten London.
I stand with him at the side of the road, watching the planes fly over the sea and inland. Bharat’s aircrafts have arrived. We’re getting off this wretched island. Finally.
“Ready to leave?” Wes asks, noticing my expression.
“You have no idea.”
He watches the silver aircrafts, amusement wrinkling his brow. “She’d have hated this.” He clarifies, “My Lia,” though I knew exactly who he was talking about. “All this moving about from place to place, the new people, the strange transport. It’s better she died when she did.” He shoves his hands in his pockets. “She loved that town. I know she’d have hated what happened to it.”
Thalia did love Forgotten London. She might have moaned and whined about everything, but she loved it more than any of us did. I think she was the only one of us who was genuinely happy there.
“It’s better she didn’t have to watch it Fall.”
I think about that—really think about it. I decide he’s right. The people that died in the Fall of Forgotten London should still be alive, but is this a life worth living? Maybe it will be if the Guardians wrestle control from States. But that’s a pretty small maybe. 
I start to think a little differently about the dead. Thalia should be here with us, Marrin should be here, Alba should be here, but they’re probably better off where they are. At least there’s no pain, no certain failure, no excruciating grief.
“Thanks,” I say.
Wes looks at me with a lopsided frown. “For what?”
“That doesn’t matter. Just thanks.”
“Well.” He rumples his sandy hair. “You’re welcome.”
I can’t see the aircrafts anymore. They must have landed. 
“At least we’re all back together now,” Wes says, carrying on a conversation he began in his head.
“Except for John,” I point out.
“He’s a madman.” Wes catches my arm. “Has he told you what he’s trying to do?”
“Yeah.”
“And you believe him? About the President jumping through time?”
I scratch the back of my neck. “I wouldn’t have before but—I have this … friend. He’s not from this time.”
Wes shakes his head, laughing. “I love how casually you say that. You have a friend from the future?”
“The past, actually. He’s from the 1800s. We’re not sure how he ended up here but it has something to do with a bracelet.”
“A bracelet? That’s anticlimactic.”
I give him a confused look.
“John thought the President had a building where a whole room jumped. He couldn’t think of another way. He said it was probably armoured, impossible to enter, and controlled by a team of States scientists. But if your friend got here with just a bracelet, John has it all wrong. That’s what he’s doing now. He hasn’t told me that, of course—he’s being cryptic—but I’m sure he’s looking for the building.”
“Does the President have a bracelet? I haven’t paid any attention.”
“No.” Wes scratches his chin—a familiar habit that makes my heart hurt. “It would be something he’d carry at all times. He wouldn’t want to risk being without it if he needed to jump. I think he’s a very paranoid man, the President.”
“Paranoid’s not exactly the word I’d use,” I spit, “for a man who beat his own son, sentences whole towns to death, and let loose sixteen diseases to kill everyone but himself.”
Wes frowns, appraising me. “You have a lot of animosity for him. More than John.”
“So?”
“Don’t harbour it, Honour,” he says urgently. “Don’t hold on to hate. It’s not good for you. You love your sister and your friends and us. Hold on to that. It’s healthier.”
“I don’t know how to let go of hate.”
Wes squeezes my arm. “Promise me you’ll try.”
“I’ll try,” I say. “Stop worrying about me. I’m gonna be fine.”
He gives me a smile for my words even though they’re weightless.

***

Horatia

13:01. 08.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


There’s a traitor amongst the Guardians. I’ve been silently watching everyone for weeks now and nobody notices me. I should have seen the betrayal in their eyes, the intention in their fake smiles. But instead I’ve been too wrapped up in my haze of loss and grief and guilt.
I should have known Marrin would stay behind.
I should have known.
I might have only had a few precious weeks with him but I spent every minute of every day by his side, and I know each expression that crosses his face. I should have seen and known that he would turn his Official trick on me, make me sleep, while he stayed behind in a falling building in a falling world. It was suicidal and heroic and one hundred percent Marrin.
I should have stopped him. But I didn’t. And now he’s dead. It suffocates me every time that thought strikes through my mind, so severe I can’t focus on anything else. That was how my silence started—I couldn’t think of anything but the pain in my heart, couldn’t string together words that made sense, so I kept quiet. And it helped, for a time. But I think the time for silences and secret pains is over.
Honour’s hand seeks mine, clutching hard, echoing my own fear. I can feel my pulse spiking in my wrist, a muscle in my leg twitching from how tense I’m holding myself. There’s no hint of remorse in the traitor’s expression, no suggestion that she feels even the slightest guilt for bringing down a swarm of Officials on us.
“Where are they attacking the town?” Timofei demands, rolling up the sleeves of his white shirt, making sure they’re straight and even and meticulous. He’s a perfectionist in everything else; he’ll be a perfectionist in dealing with this traitor. 
We should leave but my feet are planted to the floor.
“What’s he doing?” Wes asks. His face is red and splotchy and afraid. 
“He’s torturing her,” I say plainly. 
Behind my eyelids I see black figures dropping from the sky, crawling all over this hate-free place, turning the pretty sea side into a war zone with their electric guns and grenade pulses. I know all about their weapons, and I know that when Forgotten London fell they weren’t using even half of their armoury—orders courtesy of the President. All their biggest weapons were taken from the town on a ship across the seas a month before the Fall. Wouldn’t want to waste them on a hopeless cause, would he? He didn’t need to. He was burying the problem under a mountain of dirt and collapsed buildings.
But the Officials coming? They’ll be armed to their teeth. They’ll have everything to throw at us because there are no machines planted around this town, and there is no fail safe plan to murder us all. I pull a breath through my nose and hold it until the haze of red violence has passed over me. I want to kill every single one of them but that’s not rational, or sensible. If I act on those thoughts, I’ll be killed for sure. I need sense to rule me, not vengeance.
Vengeance can wait for when I have Augustus Beaulieu two feet away from me, when I’ll take the dainty little knife I’ve had hidden in my pocket for weeks and carve his heart out. That’s if he even has one. How can he have a heart when he let his own son die in a town collapse he ordered?
“I’m leaving,” Wes says, shaking me back to the present.
Honour tightens his grip on my arm. “Wait outside,” he tells Wes.
Before the Fall I wouldn’t have thought my brother strong enough to stay and watch this—Timofei pressing the end of an electric rod to Anna’s stomach—I still find it hard to believe the woman the Guardian council trusted enough to train us in self-defence and weapons handling has betrayed us—but now I know Honour is strong enough to withstand anything. I am so proud of him for carrying on, for living, when I could not.
Wes has gone, Dalmar with him, though Hele has stayed. She lingers beside us with a pained smile. We could all be dead by the end of this afternoon.
The crackle of electricity draws my eyes back to Timofei and Anna. “When are they coming?” 
Nothing. 
“Fine, don’t tell me. I’m turning the output to double.” 
This time when he presses the rod to her skin, she howls, “An hour!” Anna takes big, gulping breaths and repeats, “You have an hour.”
“Where are they landing?” Timofei brandishes the rod like a sword and I flinch. I grit my teeth and tense my body even more. I won’t flinch again. I won’t.
“Everywhere,” Anna gasps. “They’re going to cover every inch of this town.”
“How many?”
“Four airships.”
Timofei turns his back on her. He waves half the Guardian council over and tells them, “That’s four hundred Officials. All coming here, from every direction. What’s our plan?”
Honour’s breathing is jagged as he pulls on my hand, urging us outside. I rub the pad of my thumb over the back of his hand, knowing even I can’t comfort Honour now. 
There’s no point waiting to hear what else Timofei learns from the traitor. We know all we need—an impossible number of Officials and an impossible chance of survival. I breathe in the cold whip of air as we leave the building. 
Honour stops walking in the middle of the road, staring at the sun-cracked tarmac. “We’ll be okay,” he says. “We lived through F.L. and we’ll live through this.”
I touch his cheek. “We have to fight them first.”
“I don’t want to.”
I draw him into my arms and he feels so fragile as he drops his forehead onto my shoulder. His arms encase me so tightly that his desperation is a raw exhibition for everyone running past. I rub my brother’s back with gentle hands, willing him to pull himself together, willing him to be as strong as I know he can be.
I whisper, “Then we have to hide.”
“No.” He detaches himself from me, wiping the back of a hand over his eyes. “Dalmar will never agree to that. I think Bran might, and Hele but—Dal will fight. And Miya and Yosiah, too.”
“And Wes?”
“I’m with you.” Wes startles me with a hand on my shoulder. I didn’t know he was following us. I feel sick. If Wes could creep up on us, Officials could without a problem. We’d be dead if they were already here. Oblivious to my horror, he puts an arm around Honour and forms a protective cage around me and my twin. He says, “No matter what, I stay with you. You want to hide, I’ll find you the best hiding place. Somewhere underground maybe.”
I leave it to Honour to decide, waiting for him to come to his own conclusion: there will be no hiding in this battle. This is the beginning of the war, right here in Plymouth. Forgotten London Falling was just the match that lit the torch of war. This is the real thing and it’s going to be bloody and brutal and while I’m terrified of it, some part of me leans toward it like a flower seeking sunlight.
I never thought I’d have the stomach for violence but now I know I do. I’ve already killed someone and my conscience isn’t tainted by remorse for it. I know I can do it again, for the people I love. Maybe even for the thrill of it, that rush of adrenaline that erases everything in my past and future, narrowing my entire life to one second in the present.
I worry what that means for my soul, whether I’m a bad person, but I can’t care about that right now. 
You have an hour. Everywhere. Four airships. 
The only thing that exists to me now is protecting my family.
“We have to fight,” Honour finally decides. There’s a note in his voice that is pure resignation. He adds bitterly, “Who knows, maybe I’ll carry a Strain and kill a hundred Officials in one go.”
It’s a joke but neither Wes nor I laugh. If this battle is as bad as I think it’s going to be, Honour’s status as a carrier may be a blessing.

***

Yosiah

13:37. 08.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


“We have twenty three minutes, everybody. Listen closely.” Dalmar’s voice bounces off the grim Guardian silence. The breeze blows his words so they reach even the Plymouth residents crammed into the park, supposedly listening to their ambassador’s instructions. They seem more interested in us. 
“There are four hundred States Officials coming for us, from all directions, and we have to assume some are coming in from the water. I need five teams of seventy to cover the town, Guardians and weapons-trained civilians both. Cell, Hush, Peggy, Natalia, and Kyle put together teams. Jayn, I want you to take fifty Guardians down to the dock and stop anyone from coming inland. We’ve got long range guns that should help you.”
“I don’t think I have to say,” he goes on after a pause, “that if we let them into the town, we won’t be leaving it.”
As everyone gets put into teams for their assignments, Dalmar and Hele join us, waving over Miranda and a couple other safe town authorities. “You did well,” I hear Hele murmur. “You sounded very confident.”
“If only I was.” Dalmar runs a hand through his hair, standing straighter. He directs his attention to us and raises his voice. “Miya, Yosiah, I want you to go with the civilians. They’ve been told to get to Bharat’s aircrafts before the Officials arrive but they’ll have trouble. I need you to cover them. Be merciless—take out any Officials that might come your way.”
“Will we have guns?” Miya is wearing a composed mask. Is she worried underneath it, or is she as calm as she looks? I don’t see how she can be anything but scared. Being in a battle is one thing, having to react to the enemy coming at you—but knowing it’s coming, with breaking down not an option? Practically impossible. Miya’s only experience with battle is the Fall of Forgotten London, and that was mostly running. How will she cope with true, bloody combat?
“Some,” Dalmar answers. I forgot Miya had asked about guns until he adds, “We don’t have any electric but I’ll be able to get you each a handgun and ammunition. Maybe even some fire power, but no promises. Brig’s making sure everyone who needs a weapon gets one, so it’ll be up to him.”
“I’ll convince him,” Miya says self-assuredly. 
Dalmar lowers his voice, leaning closer. “Get your family on the crafts first. Guardians and family are what’s important. These Plymouth people can take care of themselves—they’re different to us. They’ve prepared for this.”
“I’m okay with leaving them behind.”
Dalmar turns to Miranda, giving her instructions to defend a small team transporting our possessions to the crafts. Our bags have been piled in front of the information centre along with everyone else’s, waiting for a van to move them. Miranda is apparently a decent sniper, which doesn’t sit completely well with me. 
Dalmar in turn gives orders to assist and accompany other teams to the rest of the safe town leaders—mostly people from the little villages around Forgotten London, since everyone from Manchester is dead, Birmingham refused to leave, and Cardiff is run by a lazy old woman already sitting on a craft. Kari is singled out, though. Dalmar plays to her strengths and tells her to go with the team of strategists and technologists aiming to bring down the enemy crafts. I don’t like the idea of her being in the thick of the planning, but Miya and I will be in the thick of the fighting so I keep my mouth tight on any complaints. My sister gives me a sharp nod before she walks off, her eyes glazed with unshed tears.
Miya takes my wrist.
“Everyone else,” Dalmar shouts, “run for the aircrafts. They’re the only place that’ll be safe.” When nobody moves, he roars, “Go! Now!”
People burst into motion, civilians and Guardians alike. Miya and I hurry to go with them, her siblings running with us. Miya stops for a second to scoop Thomas into her arms. In the moment I debate picking up Livy she spits, “Don’t even think about it.” I hold my hands up in surrender, a smile fading from my mouth when I realise how little time we have until we’re under attack.
“Where’s Brig, Miya? Do you know him?”
“Yeah.” She looks at me and the urgency pushing my blood to boil slows for a second, allowing me to think up a rough map of Plymouth, plotting the quickest route to the aircraft field. “Over here.”
“What about the civilians? We’re meant to go with them.”
“We’re also meant to be armed.” She pushes her pace to a run, throwing me a look over her shoulder. I follow as fast as my body will allow, a throb of pain going through my right leg, promising to get worse the harder I drive myself. But there isn’t time for me to be kind to my injury. If we don’t get those weapons, if we don’t run, if we don’t reach the aircraft, we’re dead.
I’m not ready to die. I won’t be ready to die in a year, or ten, or twenty. I’ve always clung desperately to life but never so hard as I do now, rushing down a cobbled street that smells of old rubbish and dirt, with the thought of losing Miya and Miya losing me throbbing through my mind like an ache all of its own.
Brig turns out to be the skinny albino Guardian. He inhabits a lopsided grey tent, a line of bare wood tables separating him from frantic Guardians, desperate questions, and angry demands. A wall of plastic boxes sit behind him, full, I’m guessing, of guns and knives and whatever else the Guardians have been able to get their hands on. The store of weapons Miya and Honour found in Hull should mean everyone has something to defend themselves with, so why is it taking so long?
Miya breaks away from us, hassling Thomas to stay with me before she shoves her way through the crush of shouting Guardians waiting to be armed. She’s soon hidden by men and women much taller than she is, swallowed by the buzz of complaints and crying. 
Miya emerges a minute later with her arms full.
“How did you get those so fast? Did you threaten him?”
“Only a bit.” 
She gives me an assault rifle and a box of cartridges. The gun is heavy in my hand and takes an equally damaging toll on my heart. Holding a gun in Manchester when we were training was one thing, but being fully armed with the intent to kill. My heart pounds.
“We have to, Siah,” Miya says. Quiet. Just for me.
“I know.” Kill or die—those are my options. I watch the way Miya holds the handgun she’s got for herself, making absolutely sure that her grip is flawless. “You remember how to load it?”
“Yeah.” But then she says, “Show me again. Just to be safe.”
I take the gun from her, moving out of the way of the crowding Guardians, gesturing for Miya and her siblings to follow. Being slow, I show Miya how to detach the magazine, how to load the rounds and put the whole thing back together. Olive watches too, rapt. “How many more have you got?” I ask, nodding at the box of cartridges when she’s safely tucked the loaded gun in her pocket.
“Ten. You?”
I inspect the battered cardboard housing the ammunition. “About the same.” With a sinking stone in my gut, I meet Miya’s eyes. “We’re ready. We have to go.”
“What about us? Do we get one?” Thomas’s childish voice clashes chillingly with the serious way he’s asking for weapons. It’s wrong. So, so wrong. He’s not even thirteen years old.
“No.” Miya’s voice is cold as the gun in my hand. “You stay close to me and Siah.”
“But—”
“No,” she repeats, though a softness has crept into her tone. “But I need you to do something for me. It’s important. I need you to look for men and women dressed in black, remember like the Officials from home? If you see an Official, you tell me or Yosiah. You too, Olive.”
“But why are Officials coming here?” Thomas frowns. “It’s not Forgotten London.”
“They’re not just from Forgotten London,” Olive says nastily. Her arms are crossed over her chest, her body shaking. Her fear manifests in the same way as her sister’s—callousness and trembling. Miya takes Olive’s small hand and they tremor together. “They’re everywhere,” Livy says. “Don’t you know that, Thomas? Why else do you think we’ve been running?”
“We’re not … we’re not running.”
Olive sucks in a breath. “We are now. Miya.” Her arm wavers badly when she extends it, pointing at a figure darting around the corner of the street.
A handful of Guardians open fire, shooting the Official down, but even with that threat gone the message is clear: they’re here.


It starts with a wind whipped up by aircraft blades, and then a ground-rattling boom jumps through the town. Cracks open up the road, buildings lean back and fold in on themselves, their corners standing for a suspended moment before they fall too. A sinister cloud of smoke and dust swallows the skyline.  Newer buildings careen straight to the ground in an eruption of dust and screaming glass. The earth quakes. It doesn’t seem real, that sturdy buildings and solid brick could be destroyed so easily. 
I brace myself against a building, gripping Miya’s hand, thanking every higher power that we’re far enough away from the centre of the explosion that this street is still standing.
“What the fuck was that?” Miya’s eyes are so wide. So scared.
“A bomb.”
“What? No. They can’t—they can’t bomb us.”
“Leah?” Thomas is pointing, his face white and drawn. I’ve never seen this kind of fear on someone so young. “You told me to watch for Officials.”
There are four indistinct shadows five metres away, the tubular shape of their guns identifying them as military. I narrow my eyes, hold up the rifle, and let my instincts carry me back through the years to a day when our station was overtaken with rebels brandishing shotguns and jagged-edged blades. I killed eleven people that day and it haunted me every day for a year. That was the first time I witnessed mass death. I was sixteen. 
Now I’m twenty and killing people doesn’t sit any easier, doesn’t weigh any less with experience. I could shoot them in the leg, or the shoulder, somewhere non-lethal—but I can’t risk my mercy bringing death to my family.
The thought of family shocks a reminder through me. I’m not used to Kari being alive, to having to worry about my sister, but all of a sudden I don’t just have Miya and the kids to protect. I have to find Kari—Kari who never stopped looking for me, even years after we were last together, even when every sign pointed to me being dead. 
I don’t even know where the strategy teams were stationed. I hesitate on the trigger for a split second, so derailed by my sister, but I’ve been trained too well to hesitate any longer. The gun slams into my chest with every shot sent through the air. The shells rip into each Official’s forehead. They fall instantly.
“We need to find the others,” I say. My voice is hard and cold: a soldier’s voice. Why can I never be both Yosiah and the Official at the same time? It’s one or the other, good or bad, light or dark. A sickening energy wakes up in my veins but I push it to the back of my awareness, scanning the road as we cross it. I guide Miya, Tom, and Olive along the route I picked out earlier.
We have to sacrifice some of the quicker roads because of crevices rent into the ground. It’s so reminiscent of Forgotten London that I have to wonder if this is some kind of upgrade on what was used there, the weapon Branwell blames himself for.
“There.” Olive points down an offshoot of a road where a team of Officials has emerged. Miya and I shoot them down. I do a quick calculation of how many shells I have left—about two in the gun, more in my pocket—and reload while we scurry along another road. 
I can hear the rabble of voices now, a couple streets off, and assume that’s the civilians trying to get to the aircrafts. It shouldn’t be more than a minute until we join them. Miya and I share a look, checking we’re both still okay. My heart throbs.
We find the civilians easily enough, though the reason for the noise soon becomes clear. It’s not simple panic like I’d assumed. It’s Officials. Everywhere. Soldiers stand like sentries all down the wide road. A buzzing barrier of electricity—made of the same blue beams that fire from their guns—traps the people in the road, blocking all exits. Others Guardians kill civilians with their electric guns, flashes of blue light cutting through the fog like hellfire. They’ve herded people into a cage and now they’re picking them off with indolent ease. These civilians aren’t armed like us or the Guardians. They don’t have anything to defend themselves. I see a woman cowering, another using her body as a shield to cover a boy no older than nine. 
Fury rips through me but this isn’t the place. I quell it with a single bright thought the way Kari taught me. 
Revenge, revenge, revenge.
I grab Miya’s jacket and yank her back, the kids moving as if attached to her by string. We take cover behind a building with a crack down the side as big as a person. My eyes dart from Official to Official, assessing, but I don’t see a way out of this. There’s no way to save these people without getting ourselves killed and there’s no way to pass the electric barrier without dying. I remember what Dalmar said about leaving Plymouth residents behind, but these aren’t all from this town. Some I recognise from Leeds, some I know to be Guardian families, and others are Guardians themselves, beaten and vulnerable, forced to kneel before Officials with guns to their skulls. 
If we help these people, that will be us. We’ll be kneeling before soldiers, waiting to die. 
But we can’t leave. 
I want to walk away but I can’t. If I left, I’d be no better than they want me to be. Ruthless killer. Emotionless murderer. Machine.
That’s not what I am.
“Up,” Miya hisses. “We need to go up.”
She shoves Thomas and Olive through the building’s crack, not taking her eyes off me as she steps inside. I know what she’s thinking. I can see it in her hung shoulders, the pain in her deep green eyes. I step through the crack, grab her jacket lapels, and kiss her until I’m breathless with love and fear. I find something close to clarity, to determination. To being good.
“I’m not going anywhere,” I say, hoarse. “I’m staying right here. With you.”
She tilts her head to look me in the eyes, unguarded. “We’re gonna die, aren’t we?”
“Possibly.”
Three words break free of my lips when her hands slide into my hair. The second kiss doesn’t last nearly long enough, but it leaves a deep ache in my heart despite its brevity.
Miya takes my hand in hers. “Then let’s take them down with us.”

***

Horatia

14:19. 08.11.2040. The Free Lands, Southlands, Plymouth.


With the second earthquake, terror is practically staining the cobblestones. It’s visible to each Official that hems us into this street, every one of them using our fear as a weapon much deadlier than metal. 
I have a knife in my pocket that’s useless and a brother at my side whose breathing is out of hand. He’s having a panic attack, I know, but I don’t know what to do about it. 
We’re crouched down, using the standing bodies of those around us as shields. If someone had taught me how to throw a knife, I might be able to stop one Official at least. Not that one of them dying would do much good. But it would be something. It would be better than hiding like cowards.
A girl a few rows forward is struck down by blue light, her skin becoming craters of burnt flesh as she hits the tarmac. I see her eyes roll into the back of her head, her face charred black, her mouth hanging open. The people around her take a step back, swivelling around in every direction. Waiting to see if they’ll be the next to die.
There’s no logic to how the Officials are killing us. The girl, an elderly woman, a boy around seven, a man in his twenties. None of them raise their voices. All of them do everything they can not to catch any attention. Still they die.
I can’t predict it. I can’t save anyone. I can’t even save me and my brother. Hele is out there somewhere, with a small number of Guardians. Wes, too. I know at least three of the Guardians in this crowd have tried to fight, but rays of cerulean heat cut half of them down before they could make much difference. The others are knelt in front of Officials as examples to us all. Examples to sit and wait to die.
Why not just raze the whole street? Why drag it out with individual deaths? 
What is the point?
I grab Honour’s arm in one hand and wield my pathetic knife with my other. “Honour,” I hiss, “we’re going to crawl. Can you crawl?”
“I don’t—” He breaks off, takes a wheezing breath, trying to get his words out. Failing, he shakes his head. I huddle closer to him, heat leeching through my thin jacket when I wrap a protective arm around his shoulders. I touch his forehead, frowning at his temperature. 
I say in his ear, “You can do this. We need to get closer to the edge.”
He shakes his head again. I put the knife in my pocket so I can frame my brother’s face with my hands. I say sternly, “You can do this, Honour. You have to. We’ll die if you don’t. I know you don’t want to die.” I beg him with my eyes, praying that I’m getting through to him. “I just need you to follow me.”
He closes his eyes, nodding okay.
We crawl between people’s feet, ignoring every muffled scream and thump of bodies hitting the ground. I force my knees to move forward, to drag my body, claw at the smooth stones of the floor to keep moving, keep moving. The air is hot and dense, too dense. I take big desperate breaths of rank air and push forward, looking to Honour every half second. His eyes are open now, so dark, his pupils invisible—but as long as he’s pushing forward I won’t let myself question what that means for his health. Normal fear doesn’t do that to your eyes.
“Tia,” he gasps after two minutes.
I stop, ignoring the sting of my palms, the way the ground bites my knees through my jeans. Honour’s expression pleads with me to stop moving. I cast a look around, see the vague shadow of buildings through legs and over corpses. There are less people standing now, and so many more on the ground. I swallow the bile that rises without warning. I’ve been followed by the ghost of death for so long now that it’s become familiar—but this closeness is overwhelming. It’s too real. Death could reach out and grip us now, it’s that close.
We’re going to die.
I grab Honour’s arm, listing to the side and coming up against him. Seven breaths later I’ve found control again, but my arms are shaking, too tired to keep pulling me forward. I feel … weak. I’m made of air instead of blood and bone. I want to sleep.
We’re going to die.
I snap awake. “Stay down,” I tell my brother, pushing myself up on my knees. I strain to see over a group of teenagers huddled in front of us. I must be heartless because in this moment I can’t find the will to care about these kids. I only care about myself and Honour.
I get my feet beneath me and stand unsteadily, making sure I’m hidden by the kids in front of me.
The street has been decimated, the buildings around us with big lines of brick gouged out, burned away by Official guns. They look like scratches, like God has raked his fingers across the street in anger. The ground is covered with husks of people, dark lumps that used to be alive now burnt and dead. Only fifty or so people are left standing, staring, horrified, at their fallen families, their lifeless neighbours. I don’t see Hele. I don’t see any Guardians.
Honour pulls on my leg, I drop back to the cobbles—but Honour wasn’t telling me to hide. He was trying to warn me. I ignore the rising urge to be sick and brandish the knife in front of me, remembering what Marrin taught me, what the Guardians taught me, traitor instructor or not. 
The Official is a man, a head taller than me and double my width. I don’t stand a chance.
I remember Marrin. “What are you? You can’t be human—you’re so much more.”
I leap forward, using speed as an advantage. I remember darting around Marrin’s glass home as he taught me how to fight in the short time we had together. I flinch at the memory of him flushed, alive, and in that second the Official knocks the blade from my hand and grabs me by the neck.
This man isn’t like the other Officials I’ve met. The others were killers because it was all they knew. But this man … I can see it in his eye, the gleam of enjoyment and wicked thrill as he squeezes my throat.
I gasp, choke. Tears spring to my eyes. My hands scratch skin from his knuckles but he doesn’t let me go. He lifts me off the ground. I throw my dangling legs into his knees but he doesn’t drop me.
We’re going to die.
I’m going to die.
I won’t get justice for Marrin, won’t get my revenge. But I’ll be with him again, and maybe this time we’ll have a love that lives longer than a month. Maybe this time we’ll know what it’s like to be together. That thought takes the frantic edge off my fighting. I drop my hands. 
A dark blur comes hurtling into the Official, knocking me out of his grip. I hit the ground on my side, my hip slamming into the bricks. I scream. Pain builds upon pain upon pain until I’m crying and screaming with it.
“Tia!” Honour yells.
I try to claw my way out of the pain but I’d really like to sleep.
“You know I’ll keep you safe. Anything else can happen and I won’t care, but I won’t let a single thing happen to you.”
“That sounds dangerously close to a promise.” 
“It is a promise, but don’t get used to me making them. That’s the one and only thing I’ll promise anyone, ever.”
I drag myself onto my hands and knees. 
Anything else can happen and I won’t care.
I struggle to my feet, grabbing my knife in the process. Marrin wouldn’t want me to stop fighting just to be with him. I’m not honouring him by dying. I’m insulting him, insulting this life he gave me by sacrificing myself.
Alright, Marrin, I think, you win. I’ll fight to live. But I won’t forget you and I won’t move on. Not in a hundred years.
With the Official paying no attention to me, I’m able to jam the bony edge of my knee into his crotch. And thrust my blade into his stomach. He lets out a roar that is nowhere near human. I scramble out of his reach, my heart tripping over itself.
The Official charges—not at me, but at Honour. No! No, no, no, no, no. I tighten my grasp on the knife, stabbing any area of the hulking man I can reach, but I might as well be stabbing him with a toothpick. He doesn’t wince once, not even when I thrust the blade under his ribs. There’s something protecting him, some technology, something States. I cry and curse at the same time.
He howled, I remember. When I kicked him. So whatever protects him is only on his chest! As the man closes his fists around my brother’s throat—this brute’s signature move—I hold my knife in both hands and sink the metal into his leg. I throw all my weight onto it, feeling it hit bone.
He drops Honour, who stumbles back, wheezing for air, clutching his neck.
Panicking as the Official faces me, I release the knife, leaving it sunk into his leg. My hands are shaking now. I’m not sure if my whole body isn’t shaking.
We’re going to die.
Anything else can happen and I won’t care.
No knife, no defensive skills against a man this big, I back away with my hands up.
The Official wrenches the dagger from his leg with a grunt. At the sight of the blood, he goes mad. His eyes bulge. He abandons all joy of killing us. His hand reaches for the gun that will burn us to blackened nothing, the disc of twinkling glass on the end of the barrel a pretty threat.
I run for Honour, dragging him away by the collar of his coat. We need to get to the buildings. If we can just get to the buildings, we’ll be able to hide. The leather is slippery, though, and Honour evades me. He runs right for the Official, no doubt thinking something about being selfless and saving me.
My eyes burn with tears. I hate him in that moment. Doesn’t he know the only reason I’ve been able to stay alive, the only reason I’ve wanted to, is him? What do I have without Honour?
The Official raises his gun. Honour skids to a stop.
There’s no use begging. Not with this Official.
There’s only one thing I can do: I have to use the power dormant in my veins. The power waiting for me to call it to life. But I know the price of using that, what it will do to me. But what choice do I have?
Morality or my brother’s life—it’s an easy choice.
For the first time since we left Underground London Zone I find myself grateful for what they did, how they twisted me.
I close my hand around the Official’s bicep and allow my senses to awaken. I open myself up to it and draw everything into me. The street becomes brighter, sharper around the edges. There is energy thrumming in every tiny thing.
Anything else can happen and I won’t care.
I hope you don’t care about me becoming a monster, Marrin. Because that’s what I am now.
I find the Official’s energy, locate everything that makes him who he is—atoms and blood and DNA, training and brutality and slaughter, fears and desires and hungers and thoughts—and I willingly do what those men forced me to do for so many days, months, years. 
I tear his being apart.
Gunfire explodes through the street and though I’m aware enough to distinguish it from the whirr of Official weapons, though I hear bodies dropping at an alarmingly fast rate, I’m singularly focussed on the man in front of me. The Official’s energy scatters. A rush like a drug high courses through me. I shudder. The Official collapses into dust. 
I shield my eyes as the ash that once was a person is blown away on the sea wind, and I know this is a turning point. This will change me. This will change everything.
Honour will know, everyone will know, what I’ve been hiding:

I know what happened to us in Underground London Zone.
They made us powerful beyond all belief.
They made us killers.

~*~

Thank you for reading!

I hope you enjoyed The Wandering. Book three in the Lux Guardians series will be released in 2016. Keep up to date with Saruuh Kelsey’s new releases by joining her mailing list at http://bit.ly/1sDAugj

Please take a moment to recommend this book on Goodreads, Amazon, Twitter, or your blog. If you have posted a review of this book on Amazon or Goodreads, visit saruuhkelsey.co.uk/rewardsforreviews to get free short stories in return!


Find these other books by Saruuh Kelsey:

The Lux Guardians series

A Compilation of Side Stories
Under (Novella)
The Forgotten
The Wandering


The Legend Mirror series

The Beast of Callaire
The Dryad of Callaire (coming soon!)


Fissure Chronicles short stories

Love In The Gilded Age

saruuhkelsey.co.uk
thelegendmirror.tumblr.com
theluxguardians.tumblr.com

***

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS


Plentiful gratitude to:

The Matriarch, for the proof reading, the support, and the supply of coffee.
Lisa, for finding all the little problems with The Wandering and helping make it much better. 
Stasia, for the ingenious suggestions, stellar friendship, and the dick comments.
Deanna, Jessi, Maddie, Nadia, Henna, Laura, Polina, Stasia, and Chiara, for having faith enough in this series to fund it.
Randi and Crocus for making life generally brighter.
Readers of The Lux Guardians, for giving me that final push to get each book finished.
And most importantly: the internet, for existing.
