














Ghosts of July
Book One: Shamans of the Divide

By 
Megan Applegate

 

Copyright © 2014 by Little Bird Literary
All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof
may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever
without the express written permission of the publisher
except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
Printed in the United States of America
First Publishing, 2014
www.shamansofthedivide.com
ISBN 978-0-99083534-0-4



Acknowledgements.



It takes a village, doesn’t it?

First and foremost, thank you to my husband and my children. My dog, too. They were so patient all those nights that I’d disappear into my computer screen—
 headphones, Ed Sheeran and all.

Thank you to my folks for not always seeing my convoluted vision, but for supporting it no matter what. It means the world to me.

To all of my awesome Indiegogo campaign supporter. HOLY. COW. Thank you so much. You made this possible.

To my amazing beta/editor/Wyoming expert/all-around soul sister Cyndi. Seriously, girl. You are an amazing friend and I am so grateful for your help.

And finally, to Karen. Your edits, your cheerleading, and your whip cracking…this book wouldn’t be here without you. I lost hope a few steps along the way and you didn’t let me give up. Are thanks really enough for my sister-from-another-mister? I doubt it.








 
For P. 
Forever and for always.
Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
from Fall into Fire








Chapter One

It took a second glance for me to realize she was dead. 
Not the tired sort of dead, the way we describe the drivers who’d run 16 straight hours without stopping—no, she was the actual dead sort of dead.
The stringy hair and slow roll of her head from side to side should have tipped me off, but I was three hours into a five-hour shift and, besides, I wasn’t expecting a ghost.  
Above the clink and scrape of silverware on dinner plates, she looked straight at me with vacant black eyes. When a tiny rivulet of blood dripped out of her nose and from the corners of her mouth, a swell of panic rose from the bottom of my stomach straight to the top of my throat and I couldn’t do much but stare with an open mouth for a few torturous seconds. She didn’t move either and made no sound. 
 A third quick look around the diner and I understood that I was the only one who could see her and that’s when I began to hyperventilate.
The breaths came quickly—too quickly—and the chirping noise I made earned me a few wary glances from a couple of exhausted drivers and some snide remarks from the table in Sherilee’s section.
“What the hell is that wheezing thing she’s doing?” Said the girl with long tawny hair that hung in her eyes. Her name was Annabelle—I recognized her from Calculus, my first class at Winston Senior High when I transferred last semester. Anabelle hadn’t bothered to be friendly then either, even as she copied off me on every test.
“Isn’t that girl named April or something?” Annabelle continued and the girl across from her turned around to look. It was Hannah Lewis, all-state volleyball captain and first-class mean girl. “I think she sat by us in Government.”
 It was then that the boy with longer black hair turned around to look at me.  I remember thinking he had the soulful eyes of a puppy dog, cheesy, I know, seconds before I faded into a faint and hit the floor.
I don’t think I was out long, just long enough to completely land on the diner’s checkered floor and knock over a tub of dishes I’d tried to grab on to.
“Oh…fiddle!”
I heard Lem waddling over from the cash register and cringed at the old man’s inability to say an actual curse word. At 64-years-old and just as round as he was tall, he wasn’t exactly my knight in shining armor. He reached for my hand and fussed me up onto my feet.
“What happened?” He asked, dusting off my back unnecessarily. I shooed his hand away.
“That girl,” I muttered, pointing toward the center of the diner. “She was just there—white dress, dark hair. Where’d she go?”
My eyes darted up and down the aisles and I even searched the blind corners through the convex mirrors up on the ceiling.
“No, honey,” Lem was shaking his head. “Nobody came in but the ones already sitting.”
He meant Hannah and her friends. They were still laughing to each other as I stood there a few painful seconds longer with my mouth opening and closing like some pathetic fish-girl gasping for air. 
They all laughed except for the boy named Renn. He was staring as though he were looking for something. Maybe he was trying to place me from school. Maybe he was considering calling the mental health hospital over in Evanston to come collect me. He never let me know.
When they were long gone, I finished my to-do list until my shift ended at 9:30     . p.m.
Nana was sitting at the linoleum counter top near the coffee station, doing the day’s books. She greeted me without looking up when I sat next to her.
“Headin’ home, Buttercup?” 
Nana’s voice was a little gravely from all the years she and Pop spent smoking Marlboro reds. She had a grey pixie cut and the same blue eyes I did. If I were to stand on my tippy toes, I doubt I’d make it to her chin. She was a tall, Valkyrie of a woman, even in her 70s. Everybody in a 10-mile radius of the truck stop had heard of Charity Henry and her inability to tolerate anyone’s crap.
I put my arm around her and nodded. I didn’t bother telling her about my mishap. More than likely, she’d watched it on closed-circuit television from her office when it happened. Maybe I’d ask her to look for that creepy girl who’d scared me half to death when she had a spare minute tomorrow.
“Your mom called earlier,” Nana said as she added figures in one of the columns. She didn’t trust machines to do math for her. Me? I had no problem letting any machine within reach do math for me. “She was heading out to a conference in the morning—eight days this time. She’d call you when she got back next week.”
That was my mom for you. She was a realtor and a pretty good one, too. 
“Sure she will,” I’m sure I sounded like a pouty kid. “Are you coming home tonight?”
Some nights Nana didn’t have enough staff for the graveyard shift or it just got too late for her to drive home. On those nights, she stayed in a small bedroom she kept off her upstairs office.
“I’ll be home after a little while,” she said, patting my back. “Grab some meatloaf from the kitchen and be sure to lock up behind you when you get home.”
I loved my grandmother. She’d treated me like an adult for as long as I can remember, maybe even to a fault. She’d always trusted me not to burn down her house or her business and to date, I hadn’t failed her. It was a great relationship—with lots of room and space to go about my 17-year old life without much interference. 
But then again, I was just shy of Loserville, so most of my social life revolved around late-night television and painting my nails ridiculous colors. (My current obsession was a muddy purple aptly named “Prune.” Yum.)
I waved to Lem on my way out and pulled my keys from my back pocket. I had a strange superstition about keys after watching too many horror movies where girls got nabbed/stabbed/bitten because they fumbled at the locked door of their cars too long. I was a model of efficiency when it came to getting from the outside to the inside of my house, my car, and my job.
I’d had to park closer to the dumpsters during the lunch rush earlier in the day and I knew I’d regret it. Truck stop diner garbage is a special brand of rank and if I wasn’t careful, the entire inside of my hand-me-down Subaru would smell like day-old meatloaf and fry grease.
As expected, the trash stank hit me as soon as I got in range. Unlike most days, however, there was a little something extra. Something new hung in the air—a sickly, sweet smell that grew more oppressive the closer I got to the car. I didn’t see any piles of road kill nearby—which is where my imagination took me immediately—and using the collar on my t-shirt as a mask, I squatted down low and looked under the car. Nothing.
Inside with the door locked, I jabbed the keys in the ignition and prayed Roberta, that’s what I named the car, cooperated. She’d been stubborn lately and on bad nights, it took me three or four tries to get her going. Lucky for me and the bile rising up in my gut from the stench, the car jumped to life and it was all I could do not to peel on squealing, bald tires.
The thing about living in a three-light town is that the higher ups (all three of them) aren’t big on spending on infrastructure. They pour all the town money into maintaining just enough light and pavement around the interstate to make sure the truckers pull in and spend their money. But the townies, well, we were mostly on our own in the street lamp and pothole department. I drove in the pitch darkness and made a mental note to remember to change out a headlamp as soon as I could. The right side of the road was a lot harder to monitor than the left.
Minutes later, I was turning down an unmarked “Henry Lane,” named by my grandfather in 1963 to celebrate the young Henry family finally owning a tiny piece of the American dream—truck stop and all. The small clapboard house was dark as a grave when I pulled up. Maybe I was turning into a big chicken in my advancing years—or maybe I’d just add floodlights to the headlamp next time I was down at Trudy’s Hardware and Taxidermy.
By the time I’d locked the doors, double checked windows, cellar doors, and porch screens, eaten half a brick of diner meatloaf, taken a shower, and sat through a late-night monologue while I obsessively checked to see if Taylor’d logged onto his chat account, it was well past midnight. No Taylor and no Nana yet, either.
I sent Taylor another message before logging off and dialed up the diner’s phone line. It was the only one that was answered after hours.
He’d call tomorrow for sure. He had to. 
Could he be hurt? Did he overestimate the ditch near his house again and land upside down in his Jeep? The possibilities playing out in my head were endless. I realized I would drive myself insane with boredom and jealousy and end up eating every bit of sugar and fat in the house if I didn’t distract myself. 
I tried to think about any good books I had lying around. Read them all.
I tried to think about good music I’d heard recently. Overplayed them all.
I tried to think of the truckers I’d seen come through the stop today. Mostly tired. Some pervy. All distracted.
And then I remembered to think about Renn Hollingsworth. His dark jeans with just enough slouch in the back to be edgy. With the Misfits t-shirt. With the gorgeous dark hair in that skater boy faux-hawk ponytail that up until tonight, I had no idea I liked so much. Renn Hollingsworth and those dark eyes that looked right at me, not through me like the rest of his friends did.
I’m sure I could have gone on but the stench that scared me out of the diner parking lot earlier jerked me out of my Renn stupor. The smell was back and I sat up in bed and tilted my head, sniffing the air. I searched through my laundry pile for the clothes I wore earlier and shoved my nose in them, hoping that was the source. It wasn’t.
I wandered around my room and the closer I stood to the window, the stronger it got. Was something rotting outside my window? My hand was on the latch to unlock the window and raise it to investigate but at the last second, a voice inside my head screamed at me to stop. I listened and froze, too afraid to search the darkness outside.
I stood still a long moment wondering what to do. Should I call Nana? And tell her …what? That I was being haunted by a bad smell? That would sound ridiculous. 
As I sat there arguing with myself, a light shone on the far wall of my bedroom. It was the Tillman’s down the road. Abner was probably coming home from Lugnut’s Bar. As I listened to the wheels of his old truck crunch the gravel outside, the smell lessened more and more until I couldn’t catch it on the air anymore.
I jumped under my covers and pulled my pillow over my head and had the worst time falling asleep between whatever smell followed me home from work and the fact that my boyfriend had gone MIA. Or was ignoring me. 
Arguing between which of those two options was worse, I finally fell asleep.




Chapter Two

Somehow I’d managed to survive the night of the living flesh stench. When I’d asked Nana the next morning if she noticed anything strange from the night before—either the crazy looking girl in the diner or the nastiness from the dumpster; she didn’t have the slightest idea of what I was talking about. 
That morning I had an email from Taylor.

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: taysmashw@mailmud.com
Time: 11:35 p.m.
Sorry. Lost phone Thursday night plus 
am really busy at the club with my dad.
 Found a job in the clubhouse giving 
lessons to kids. Sucks, but its good money
 and the MILFS love me. Call you soon.
 xo, TW

No matter how hard I tried not to obsess, I felt a panic bubble up. xo? Hug and a kiss? 
What kind of crap was that? Taylor always signed off with a “love you always” or an “i love you baby!” And had he just mentioned MILFs hitting on him? Where was my boyfriend and who was this d-bag country club prince who’d hijacked his smart phone?
I stewed for two days. On Tuesday, he called for a few minutes. It was great to hear the old Taylor again, even if his new boss was yelling for him to teach some kids a back swing. He even told me he loved me when hanging up. It was enough to keep me going for a few days without acting like a complete fool and stalking him on social media. 
Even so, I was beginning to realize something was way out of balance. I was becoming one of those obsessive girlfriends who always gets dumped in the movies. If this were a chick flick, the scene would cut to him driving around the country club in a golf cart with some big-boobed woman in a tube top hanging on him, both of them laughing at me. 
When a girl in a movie felt the way I did, she was hardly ever wrong.
No, I was being silly.
I’d agreed to work at the diner today to show the new girl around and to teach her the cash register. Lem’s just-as-ancient and just-as-pudgy twin brother, Lou, was working the grill today. He was good at what he did, but he was fussy and if you didn’t write the tickets in complete sentences with proper spelling and punctuation, he’d have a fit. Abbreviations didn’t fly in Lou’s kitchen and the new girl would sink if someone didn’t show her the ropes right away. We’d gone through four new girls in two months. Lou was a tough nut to crack.
It was a little after four in the afternoon when a slow trickle of drivers came in, all looking to make it to San Francisco before the end of the pay week. The new girl, Lara, was just a few years older than me and nice enough, it seemed. But she wasn’t happy to be working at a diner. To me, she looked like she had dreams of going to school for a couple of years and earning her “Mrs.” Degree. 
“So that’s about all there is to the tickets,” I said as we were finishing going over the menu. “Lou’s real particular about the abbreviations thing. Just don’t do it. And make sure he can read your handwriting or he’ll call you back and have at you in front of everyone. It’s happened to me a few times.”
Lara looked surprised.
“Doesn’t, like, yer mom own the place?”
“No, my grandmother does,” I said. 
“Same thing.”
“Have you met Ms. Charity yet?” I asked. Something told me she hadn’t. Nana had a way of running off the young and dumb from her truck stop.
Lara shook her head. She was a pretty girl and she probably stuck out as one in high school. Red hair cut into a chin-length bob with a stripe of green off to one side. She had big blue eyes that’d probably gotten her whatever she wanted over the years. The small silver ring in her left nostril was actually kind of pretty on her, but when Nana saw it, it’d have to go. She’d mentioned graduating from Winston High School in Shades a couple of years back. My guess was either Homecoming or Prom queen. In a town like this, probably both.
“Sharon? Cheryl? Someone with a name like that interviewed me last week.”
“Sherilee,” I offered.
“Yeah, that’s her name. She interviewed me and hired me that afternoon. Easiest job I ever got.”
Well, that’s good to know. 
Sherilee Bailey was second in command in the diner. She was in her early 40s, but as a chain smoker, and my guess a drinker, because she looked a lot older. She wasn’t a rude person, exactly, but she was always “at the end of her rope” about something, so she could get snippy with just about everyone. Except Nana. Nana was the queen of snippy and not even Sherilee was brave enough to challenge her for the title.
The only reason Sherilee was assistant manager over Virginia Harper was because Virginia wasn’t interested in the weekend hours now that her daughter had moved to Cheyenne and the grandkids came to visit a few times a month. That had been a big deal for her—she said she used to go up to a year without seeing her grandbabies when her daughter Carolyn had lived in South Florida. I liked Virginia a lot and I never really minded covering shifts for her. The drivers liked her, too. She was no nonsense but listened to their stories and asked about their dogs. Most of them had dogs that rode with them in the cabs to keep them company. I liked seeing their pictures. Almost every driver had a dog picture in his wallet right next to the wife and kids pictures.
“Well, you ready to give it a go?” I asked.
“Yeah, no sweat. I worked at a Denny’s outside Butte right after high school. I’ll be fine.”
I pointed her in the direction of a few older men who’d just sat down at the counter. Nana had a few booths spaced along the wall but a few years back she’d invested a big chunk of money to make the diner’s counter much, much bigger. It now seated almost 25 and was, by far, the most popular place to sit. We divided it up into sections and my least favorite section was the one closest to the door. I hated the draft and the fact that it always blew napkins and receipts all to hell whenever somebody came in or out.
I had the door section today.
My consolation was the fact that Dot was there waiting for me.
“Dot!” I gave her a big hug as I walked up. She was definitely my favorite driver to see sitting in my section. She was an older woman, somewhere in her 60s, and had been hauling freight with the boys since 1969. In those days, they didn’t take too kindly to a woman trying to join their ranks. She’d been sabotaged, run off the road, and flat out refused at a receiving dock or two in her time. But she was made of nails, she said, and she’d outlasted even the saltiest receiving manager. 
“What’s the word around here, Miss July?” It’d been a month or so since she’d last visited.
“Nothing much new, I guess,” I said, pouring her a cup of coffee and setting a bowl of individual creamer packets next to the mug. She took her coffee with three creamers, no sugar. Every time.
“What about you? Any I-80 gossip fit to be shared?”
“Well, not gossip so much, I suppose. Just bad news.” She laid a newspaper from Reno on the counter and I scanned the headline. A body found in a dumpster in Sacramento. Another one in Utah. Both found in places frequented by truckers.
“That’s scary,” I whispered. “Are the victims local to the area?”
“They haven’t identified them yet, or haven’t released that part. Would make sense if they were—but if they weren’t. Well, that means someone’s hauling them up and down the 80.”
“Ugh,” I shuddered. 
“How’s your grandmother? Still working her fingers to the bone?”
I nodded. 
“She stayed here again last night,” I said. “Third time in two weeks. Thankfully she went home this morning to catch up on some sleep.”
“It’s a shame,” Dot said and took a big sip of her coffee. “Women our age should be enjoying the fruits of our labor somewhere in the desert next to a pool with a cute cabana boy and a drink with an umbrella in it. I’ll take the club sandwich, no pickles, no mayo. Cole slaw.”
“Well, take me when you go,” I said, writing down her order.
“That’s a deal, darling.”
I left Dot to her newspaper and stuck the ticket in the wheel for Lou. Lara was standing at the window rolling her eyes as Lou ranted about not being able to tell her r from her v. Can’t say that I didn’t warn her.
“Be nice, Lou,” I called to him as I picked up the coffee pot from the warming plate. “It’s her first day.”
“I told you to let her know,” I heard him call from his grease cave. “I’m very particular!”
“You’re a fussy old man,” I shot back and kept walking. I tried not to pull the “my Nana owns this place” card very often, but it happened. He’d probably still be stewing over Lara’s typo when my shift was over.
I made my way among the drivers topping off coffee and refilling waters. Not many new faces today, mostly regulars making their way back from California or Nevada. They’d drive back to the East Coast somewhere, pick up another load and make their way all the way back out here again in another week. Back and forth. Back and forth. Two or three times each month. I always wondered how they managed to not go crazy between Utah and Iowa—just a huge view of sky with a few hills thrown in now and then. It was all so windblown and lonely. I guess that’s where the dog as a copilot came in.
The counter top coffee cups, all 18 of them, were filled and the drivers seemed content for a moment. Someone had come in and taken a seat in one of the small booths by the front door while I’d been busy. They had their back to me and sat hunched down over the menu.
“Hi there,” I said as a greeting when I walked up. “Can I get you a…”
Renn Hollingsworth looked up at me from the booth and smiled. I probably would have swallowed my tongue, or died trying, if left to my own devices. Thankfully, he spoke first.
“Hi yourself,” he said. His voice matched his face. Deep and full of character. I was so glad. Nothing ruins a perfect boy fantasy like a high-pitched girl voice.
I stared without blinking a few moments, feeling like a fool. Luckily, my hard-earned waitress training came in handy.
“Can I get you something to beverage?”
He frowned for a second and smiled and it was then I realized what I’d said. Damn.
“Drink,” I rushed. “Can I get you something to drink? Please?”
Please? I was asking permission to get his drink for him? I started praying for an anvil to fall out of the sky and put me out of my misery. Could I get any lamer?
“Is the coffee any good?” He was looking down at his menu again and I was looking down at his face. Again.
“It’s pretty terrible,” I said truthfully. “But they all seem to like it.”
I motioned over my shoulder at the counter and the 18 quiet figures sipping their cups. The entire diner was silent. They were probably all listening to me fumble through what was left of my dignity.
“That will work for me.”
I smiled and moved as quickly as I could to the wait station. My cheeks were flushed and I was on the verge of tears. That’s the fun part about being me. 
Sad? 
I cry. 
Excited? 
I cry. 
Mad? 
I cry. 
Nervous?
 I cry. 
Sappy TV commercial by the oatmeal man?
 I cry. 
I sucked in a deep breath and blew it back out. Repeated it. And one more time as I readied myself to carry the coffee back over to Renn. 
I tried to understand why I was so flustered about him being in the diner but couldn’t quite put my finger on it. We’d never spoken before and I’d tumbled on to my butt plenty of times in front of others. But there was just something different about him. A pressure in my throat that wasn’t even about how cute he’d suddenly become in the last week. It was deeper than that and it was wreaking havoc on my brain.
I slid the mug and saucer on his table and nodded when he thanked me. I twisted the pencil around in my hands while he took one last glance at the menu. 
I looked down at the coffee and realized I’d forgotten the cream. I made a quick apology and walked back to the cooler to grab a new saucer full of the small creamer cups. In the corner of my eye as I walked back toward the booth by the front door, I saw a glimpse of a figure that hadn’t been there moments before. My stomach soured and I immediately thought of the girl from Friday night that nobody else saw. 
Forcing myself to look, I turned my head and saw him. He looked normal, at least more normal than that poor creature had on Friday. He was a young man, maybe a couple of years older than me at most, but his style dated him a bit. His hair was slicked in a shiny pompadour I’d seen in all of Grandpa’s old photos. He wore a red and black flannel shirt, wide-legged khaki pants, and simple brown laced shoes. He was good looking, but something was off and I swore he looked as baffled as I did. Our eyes locked briefly and he did a double take before narrowing his eyes at me.
I’d come to a stop beside Renn’s table and accidentally bumped into it. The coffee sloshed in the cup and onto the tabletop and I broke eye contact with the newcomer for a split second to make sure I hadn’t given Renn third-degree burns on his lap. My eyes snapped back up and the man was gone. Vanished. And nobody sitting a mere six inches away seemed aware. There was no exit from where he’d stood—I was between him and the only door outside.
My hands shook as I struggled to place the small bowl of creamers on the table. A few spilled over and I did my best to pick them up without melting down in front of Renn. Again.
“I’m so sorry,” I finally said. “Please excuse me a second.”
Without much more ceremony, I ran for the front door and practically flew down the stairs into the parking lot. Overhead, the sun was shining down from the horizon in the west right into my eyes. The heat was oppressive and I struggled to take a deep breath. That was twice now. Was I hallucinating? Did Nana have to take me to Denver to have my head scanned? I bent forward, hands on my knees, and sucked in air.
The diner door snapped shut somewhere behind me and I turned around to find myself face to face with Renn Hollingsworth.
I’d half expected him to laugh at me—or at least to have that half-amused smirk he’d had earlier. But he didn’t. His brows were knit together and he looked serious.
He pulled me lightly by the arm away from the front door and around the building where the trucks parked. Plenty of engines were humming and they did a good job drowning out the chatter from inside the restaurant.
His next words nearly knocked me senseless. I’d have been less surprised if he’d come outside to tell me he was half-donkey and on his way to perform with a traveling circus.
He was still clutching my arm with one of his hands and he leaned in close to speak quietly to me.
“You’re seeing them, aren’t you?”





Chapter Three

I blinked and narrowed my eyes at Renn. At this exact moment I wanted nothing more than for somebody else to tell me that I wasn’t crazy and that there was some sort of explanation for this, logical or otherwise. But did Renn mean what I meant? Was he talking about the random apparitions or the out-of-shape truck drivers that were all over the place at the Night Shift?
I knew the answer already, but I wasn’t sure I was willing to disclose exactly what I was seeing yet.
His hand was on my arm. It wasn’t a hard pressure, but he hadn’t let go yet.
“You see something, don’t you? People? Shapes? Ghosts?” He said. “I know you are.”
My poker face crumbled instantly and I took a deep breath. 
“I’m not crazy, am I?” I asked in a rush. “You see them, too? Please say you do. Please tell me I’m not crazy. Please, please, please tell me I’m not crazy.”
“Not exactly,” he said, shaking his head but not saying anything else.
I opened my mouth and it all just sort of fell out at his feet. Admitting that I saw something. Pleading that he saw it, too. Whereas I had burst forth with my confession like a dam breaking, Renn was more measured in what information he doled out. He said nothing, simply nodding or frowning, depending on what I said.
 I wanted to slap him in the mouth.
“Not exactly?” I was annoyed. Mad, really. And if it came right down to it, by now I was really, really scared of dead people. “That’s all you’ve got?”
That made him smile and he finally pulled his hand off my elbow. My skin cooled immediately where his fingers had been.
“We can’t really talk here. When do you get off?” He nodded back toward the diner.
“An hour, maybe a little longer.”
“That will work,” he said and pulled out his phone. “What’s your number? I’ll send you a text so you can let me know when you’re done.”
My heart sank a little at the mention of a cell phone.
“I don’t have a cell phone at the moment,” I said.  “I mean, I had one. A really good one, but then my Nana’s dog chewed the cord when it was plugged in and it burned its mouth and melted the plastic and it was really gross.”
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath.
“I’m sorry. I don’t have a phone with text right now. I just use a crappy dinosaur my grandmother upgraded from or e-mail or even the instant messenger on Line Time.”
Renn made a face at that. 
“I hate social media, so Line Time is out. Give me your e-mail and when you get home, let me know. We can talk then.”
I spelled out my e-mail to him and endured another round of laughter. Giggles3398 seemed like a good idea when I was 13. It was killing me now.
“I’m gonna head out now, as much as I want to try that fantastic coffee you dumped on my pants,” he was teasing me. I blushed.
“I’m so sorry about that. But I don’t know if I can go back in there. What if there are more?”
He gave me a look that stopped me from talking anymore.
“Just do your best to act natural,” he said. “I’ll explain more tonight. Will your grandmother let you leave?”
I nodded.
“She’s working all night. It’s fine.”
The moment I said it, I realized it sounded a little risqué and I blushed. Renn was a pro about it and acted like he hadn’t noticed. I hoped so, so much he didn’t think twice about most of the crap that came out of my mouth whenever he was around.
“So I’ll see you shortly,” he waved and walked around the side of the building. I was curious what sort of car a boy like Renn drove, but I didn’t wait to see. I needed to get back inside and avoid apparitions as much as I could for the rest of my shift. They could take over the diner after I left for all I cared.  
* * *
Nana and I passed each other on the road as I was heading home and she was heading in. She made the universal phone sign with her pinkie and her thumb jammed up to the side of her head to let me know to call her. When I pulled into her driveway and killed the engine, Roberta sputtered a while before finally turning off. 
That was new. 
I’d have to add a stop at Lathrop Auto Shop to my “in town” to do list now, as soon as I had the money. If Roberta went and died on me, life would get a lot more complicated and boring.
Inside, Nana’s dog, Muffin, greeted me from the sofa. She was chewing on what looked like a former pair of underwear. I shuddered, praying that they weren’t mine and refused to go check. The Lhasa-apso had singed fur on one side of her mouth from eating my phone earlier in the summer and it hadn’t grown back. She used to look goofy, now with a burned corner of her mouth she looked downright diabolical. She let out a low growl as I walked by, warning me to steer clear of her new chew toy.
“No problem, Muffin,” I said as I walked past the living room. She wagged her tail at me when I did. It would have been a shame to die over a pair of Nana’s undies when Renn Hollingsworth was waiting on an e-mail from me.
I flew up the stairs and popped open my laptop. I’m not going to lie and say there wasn’t a rush of excitement when I saw a new message from Renn in my inbox. 

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
Time: 4:35 p.m.
Msg me when you’re home. —R.

A quick scan through the junk mail and I noticed Taylor hadn’t written. I popped open our last message, one from me yesterday afternoon, and typed a few quick words.




To: taylorsmashw@mailmud.com
From: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
Time: 6:35 p.m.
HI! I miss talking to you. Hope you are 
good. 
Love you, JLH

Just to be sure, I flipped open the Line Time messenger and inbox and saw nothing new from Taylor there, either. Or in the voicemail on Nana’s house phone. Back at the computer, I replied to Renn and let him know I was home. Almost instantly, another message appeared from him.

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
Time: 6:42 p.m.
I’ll be over to get you in 20 minutes. 
Wear jeans and grab a sweatshirt.

Twenty minutes? I gave out a shriek and sprinted down the hall to the bathroom for the world’s fastest shower, hair dry, and “natural” makeup face I could manage. I always laugh at the term “natural-looking makeup” because that look seems to take me longer than the Halloween clown face I’d put on every year to look like a cheetah. 
Eighteen minutes later I heard the distinct low buzzing sound of a motorcycle outside the house. My first thought was there was a high possibility that Nana would kill me if she ever found out I was about to ride on a bike with a boy. 
My second thought was “of course Renn rode a motorcycle.” Boys with fantastic hair and a vibe like his didn’t drive Corollas or Outbacks. They drove 30-year-old Harley Sportsters, silly me. The thought of riding on a motorcycle seemed dangerous and wrong and completely against anything I’d ever be allowed to do and I loved it. I also reminded myself that I would be 18 in five months. It wasn’t like I was some high school freshman speeding through town with a new boyfriend. This was serious business.
I walked outside and locked the door behind me, shoving my keys in my back pocket. 
“Hey,” he handed me the helmet he’d had strapped on the back of his seat. 
“Hi.” I was really nervous all of a sudden and had a quick moment of panic when the helmet got stuck somewhere between my forehead and my nose. It was killing my ponytail and after a few frustrating moments, I had to abort. Pulling the stupid thing back off my head I was pretty sure I’d smeared mascara and lipstick all over my face, not to mention my ponytail was probably looking more like a porcupine than anything.
“You okay?” He was smirking. Again.
“Fine,” I said and set to pulling the elastic from my hair and smoothing it down. A quick couple of swipes under my eyes in case the Cover Girl got out of line and I was back in business. Second time was a charm and when my head was stuffed inside the helmet and my hair was pushed back off my face, I gave him a thumbs up. He motioned for me to hop on and at that moment it occurred to me that I never bothered to ask him where we were going. Not that I cared at the moment. The hum of the engine roaring to life drowned out all the wise thoughts of self-preservation as I tentatively put a hand on each side of Renn’s waist and leaned forward, praying as hard as I could that I didn’t tumble off the bike backwards when he took off.
Renn made his way down Henry Lane and out into Shades. We moved down to Main Street and slowly rolled through town. He was smart and it seemed he wasn’t looking for any unwanted attention from Sheriff Grimes, who was known to hate anyone between the ages of 13 and 20. We came up to the stop light at Main and Gantry and pulled to a stop. Across the street, a group of teenagers sat on a car outside the Sonic and noticed Renn’s bike. One started waving franticly and my stomach soured when I saw that it was Hannah. Uh oh.
I couldn’t help but hear the curse Renn uttered up ahead and I was so thankful for the tinted face shield on the helmet he’d given me.  I put my head down and willed the light to change quickly. Looking up, I saw Hannah had realized the figure on the back of her boyfriend’s motorcycle was a girl and from what I could see at a distance, she was pissed. She yanked a phone from her purse and started dialing, motioning for Renn by holding her cell phone up in the air.
Answer it, fool, she seemed to be saying. Renn ignored her.
 The light changed and he took off without much ceremony. I turned my head and couldn’t watch the poor girl lose her mind. If it had been me, I would have high jacked a car and probably run us down. Or not. Lately when my boyfriend acted like a fool I mostly pouted and incessantly checked him on various social media and e-mail accounts. 
Poor Hannah.
We drove straight through the three traffic lights Shade had to offer and right on through, North out of town. The sun was starting to dip in the western sky and the sunset was brilliant—shades of pinks and yellows lit the high ceiling of puffy clouds on fire. This part of Wyoming was fairly flat and I could see for hundreds of miles of high desert in all directions. I’d never really had a reason to drive out this way so it was all new to me. A few minutes into the drive, Renn took a right turn off the main road. We were on a dirt road that went on for a few miles before abruptly ending in a makeshift parking lot with tree stump barriers and three or four weathered, battered picnic tables. Behind the tables was a large creek bed. A stream about four feet wide rolled through, but from the look of the dry beds, it was just a shadow of what it once was.
He cut the engine and followed me to one of the tables. Sitting next to me, he ran his fingers along a number of smooth, deep bullet holes. I leaned forward and inspected one.
“Really?” It was more of a statement than a question.
“People get bored out here, they shoot things,” he said with a shrug. “Bureau of Land Management knows better than to replace the tables with new ones. They’d just get full of new bullet holes.”
Another span of silence stretched between us.
 He was good at waiting for me to chatter on and it took everything I had to wait him out right back.



Chapter Four

“I’m not sure what you’re doing to agitate these things,” Renn said when he finally spoke. “But you need to stop.”
I’d been expecting a lot of things to come out of his mouth, but getting chastised like some sort of kid wasn’t one of them.
“What?”
He really thought I was doing this on purpose?
“I’m serious,” he continued. “People get hurt when they mess around with spirits.”
“Do you see them, too?” I had to know I wasn’t alone in this crazy turn of events. 
He shook his head. 
“I don’t see them, but I can tell when they’re around. And they seem to gravitate toward you. So whatever you’re doing, you need to stop.”
“That’s the thing,” I said quickly. “I’m not doing anything. It started that night you and Hannah came into the diner. That girl was the first person I’d ever seen like that.”
I had no idea what to call them. Were they true ghosts? Were they visions? Renn wasn’t offering much by way of clarity so far.
“You’re not messing with them?” He asked. “You’re not screwing around with Ouija boards or lighting candles or any of the other stupid crap people do?”
“No!”
Renn looked down at his boot and kicked a rock. He seemed to believe me.
I went into detail about the girl with the bloody wrists and the bloody face, recounting as much detail as I could and washing over the embarrassing spill over the bus tub. I told him all I could remember about the man earlier at the diner. The details about his clothes and his hair, and the fact that he had actual eyes and not the blacked-out stare the girl had.
“Do they say anything to you?”
I shook my head.
“The guy looked like he wanted to. I mean, he looked as surprised as I did but I broke eye contact and he was gone. But the girl, there was just something different about her. She looked more—tortured, I guess. She was scary. He was surprising.”
Renn kept me waiting for answers. He was quiet and staring off toward the sun, watching it as it officially began to turn into a sunset. The breeze picked up and I caught the faintest scent of what I thought was honeysuckle. Taking in another breath, I caught that awful smell from earlier in the week and sputtered a cough. It was faint, but it was there.
Renn sat up straight and looked around, searching the copse of sagebrush and tall grasses to our right. 
“Do you smell that?” I asked. 
“Smell what?” He didn’t turn to answer me, though. He stood quickly and grabbed my hand to pull me up. “We need to get out of here. Your grandmother might be getting home soon.”
No, Renn was worried about something and he wasn’t telling me. My hand still in his, he pulled me to the bike and rushed me through the helmet/face-squishing ritual before revving the engine up.
He drove a more convoluted way back into Shades and I guessed it was to avoid Hannah and her gang of coiffed varsity queens. Picking his way along side streets and through four-way stops, he finally pulled into a laundromat that doubled as a coffee counter. I’d never had a reason to do my laundry here, but had ridden my bike past it nearly every day on the way to school when the weather was nice.
“Come on,” he said. “I’ll buy you a real cup of coffee.”
I didn’t have the heart to tell him that I hated coffee and I didn’t want to break the spell. He seemed on the verge of telling me something important and after waiting what seemed like hours, I wasn’t about to miss the chance.
We sat at a tall table and he left me to go to the soap counter to order. I guess I’d suffer through a cup of coffee to get a few answers. He returned with two to-go cups, a bunch of sugar, and a small pitcher of cream. I thanked him.
“Please tell me something,” I finally said when he’d poured what seemed like four pounds of sugar in his cup. I didn’t doctor my own up at all, but sipped it straight. He made a face when he saw me.
“Straight up, huh?”
I nodded and played it off like I was some sort of hardcore java junkie. In reality, the stuff tasted awful to me, but cream and sugar would only make it sweet and awful. I was of a mind to let awful be awful without the sheep’s clothing.
“How do you know so much about this stuff?” I finally asked. Whatever this stuff was. I was done waiting for him. “And why are you concerned with what I’m seeing or not seeing?”
He took a deep breath and sat back, eyes down on his hands. He had amazing dark lashes. Seriously, the type women glob up their eyes with expensive mascara to get. 
“It’s a family thing—my mom’s Shoshone. Was Shoshone,” he said, correcting himself. “She died when I was in eighth grade. But they have a strong tie to the spirit world. My Uncle Coyote’s big into it.”
“What is it?” I wasn’t sure if he was being ambiguous on purpose. But I was still confused.
“Tribal legends. Stuff like that. There’s a lot more out there than meets the eye and somehow you’ve stumbled on to something.”
I wondered how I managed to step in ghost bait.
“I’ve been here almost six months and this week is the first time it’s happened. Nothing like this happened to me in Colorado,” I said. “But if you can’t see them, how do you know I can?”
Renn smiled at that. 
“You’re awful at hiding your shock,” he laughed. “I can’t see them. But I guess you could say I have a sort of connection to the spirit world when I choose to listen.”
An older woman carrying three stacked plastic laundry baskets waddled through the front door and next to our table on her way to the washing machines. A fake ivy plant behind me snagged a few pieces of her whites as she walked by and she failed to notice them fall to the floor. I turned around to pick them up for her and gasped when I saw an extra-large, industrial strength bra hanging from the fake ivy plant. My eyes widened in horror and I looked to Renn. He had a hand over his mouth to keep himself from bursting out in laughter.
“What do we do?” I hissed, jerking a thumb at the gargantuan brassiere hanging inches behind me. “We can’t just let her underwear hang in the tree!”
He was laughing by now and the more he gasped for air, the more annoyed I got. What was he, 12? Bras weren’t that funny.
“Seriously,” I said in disgust, standing up. “It’s just a bra. You’re acting like you’ve never seen one.”
“Never one that big,” he managed to keep his voice low.
“I’ll be right back,” I wandered back through the machines to the woman who was loading a washer. I tapped her shoulder and she spun around with a harsh look on her face. It softened a bit when she saw me. 
“I’m so sorry,” I began awkwardly motioning back toward the table. “But when you walked by, some of your laundry got snagged on the plant and fell out.”
She smiled and her lined face was suddenly kind and warm. I wonder if she thought I was trying to sell her encyclopedias or something. 
“Thanks,” she said and began waddling back toward Renn. I was a few steps behind her and stopped near a wall of dryers when she gathered her lingerie from the ivy. She bent down to pick up the few socks that had scattered on the floor and as soon as she did, I noticed Renn talking to someone. I couldn’t tell if he was mad or sad or somewhere in between, but when I looked over, I saw the reason. 
He was talking to a very agitated, very tall Hannah Lewis




Chapter Five

Panicking, I jumped to the side and hid by the dryers, out of Hannah’s line of vision. My heart raced and I looked around for a better hiding place. I had no idea why, but the thought of Hannah Lewis as my enemy next year chilled my blood. She and Annabelle weren’t exactly friendly with me to begin with and I’d hate to think what my last semester of high school would be like if they went ahead and declared me on their shit list.
Hannah’s voice grew louder and I couldn’t really hear what Renn was saying. Was he denying being there with someone? Too bad there was a second cup of coffee sitting right across from him. I knew Hannah wasn’t Mensa material, but even a self-obsessed girl like her could see that Renn was having coffee with another person. 
It hit me that I was being ridiculous. I didn’t need to wedge myself into anyone else’s drama and standing there hiding in the laundromat made me feel like a child who had been caught doing something naughty. My hand wasn’t in the cookie jar and I was the one with the sinking feeling in my stomach and I was the one Hannah Lewis was going to hate the rest of her days. And to be honest, it wasn’t like Renn had gotten up to find me to explain to her what was really going on.
I found my salvation past the long wall of dryers and out near the restrooms. An emergency exit propped open by a bucket of soap flakes. 
I didn’t hesitate and walked straight out the back of the building. I picked my way carefully through the alleys in the neighborhood to avoid walking back in front of the Laundromat where Renn or Hannah could see me. I didn’t feel like being any more of a spectacle today than I already was.
I wound my way through enough side streets and found my way to Main Street. There was still enough light out for me to see, but not for much longer. I wasn’t a huge fan of the dark so I walked faster. It was quiet out. What little traffic Shades does get from the daily commute home was already gone. Folks were all home and tucking into their dinners and newscasts from Denver. The town was silent and just about dark.
I wondered if Renn had given a fraction of a thought to following me and making sure I was okay. I’m pretty sure Taylor would have run after me. But, what if I’d been Hannah and caught him having coffee with some mystery person? I’d probably punch him in the nose if he’d tried to run after another girl. 
However you looked at it, this situation sucked.
“Figures,” I mumbled as I checked my phone. No missed calls. I wondered how much a smartphone cost and if my next paycheck would even begin to cover it. I took a pretty dismal salary from Nana only because she forced me to. She wouldn’t hear of me working for free no matter how much my mom tried to talk her out of paying me to help around the Night Shift.  
On a whim and needing to hear a friendly voice, I called Taylor. I was so happy when I heard his voice on the other end.
“What’s up, girl?”
“Not a lot, boy,” I replied. “I just miss you. It’s been a rough couple of days, I guess. I can’t wait for you to get here. I think I’m going crazy.”
“Three weeks away,” he said. He sounded like the phone was away from his mouth—at a distance. To be honest, he sounded a little distracted.
“Do you believe in ghosts?” Against my better judgment, I went for it. I hoped with all my might that he did, or that he’d at least be able to talk some sense back into me.
“Ghosts?” His voice sounded loud and clear now. Maybe he’d picked the phone up off his shoulder. Good. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m not even sure. I just think I’ve been seeing crazy stuff the past few days,” I was suddenly self-conscious at how crazy I sounded. “What if they’re real? Do you think there’s a possibility that spirits exist in our world?”
He laughed at me then. Maybe not so much a good-humored laugh as a derisive snort.
“You’re talking crazy. No, I don’t believe in ghosts and I’m pretty sure whatever you’re seeing has a logical explanation. Do me a favor and don’t go down that rabbit hole, okay? I don’t think I could add the stress of a crazy girlfriend to everything else going on.”
That was new.
“What do you mean everything else going on?”
He paused and when he spoke again, the phone was further away. In my mind, I pictured him haphazardly leaning the phone on his shoulder while he did something else. What was he doing?
“Nothing. Listen, I need to go. My mom’s making dinner and I think she’s yelling for me to go downstairs. You know how she gets.”
“Sure,” I said, pouting. “Listen, I really miss you. I feel like there’s something going on with you and you’re not telling me. Are you okay? Are we okay?”
Taylor blew out a long breath and didn’t say anything for a moment. I braced myself. My heart raced and my stomach soured. Was he going to break up with me?
“I’m fine,” he finally said. “Listen, I need to go. I’ll give you a call sometime tomorrow.”
Taylor ended the call just like that. I stopped walking and stood still with the open phone still pressed to my ear. My mind raced with bad, depressing thoughts about where he and I were headed.
I walked on in the half-dark, half-haze world that I’d once heard described as the “gloaming.” A pretty cool word and now, walking down Lingberry Road a few minutes past sunset, I finally got what it meant. A bird sang a low tune that got louder as I approached. In biology, we’d done an entire unit on birds and listened to and matched various calls. I’d done my best to act uninterested, but I loved it. My grandfather was an avid birder when he retired. I kept Pop’s binoculars on my dresser. It was a song much like whip-poor-will I would hear in Florida, but thanks to Mr. Foster’s class, I knew Wyoming was too far west for a whip-poor-will. I had no idea which cousin of his I was listening to now and I kind of wished I’d paid more attention.
The shrill of my cell phone nearly gave me a heart attack. Laughing, I looked around, suddenly embarrassed about standing on a sidewalk trying to have a conversation with a singing bird. I glanced at the number on the screen. A small, small part of me was hoping for a Wyoming number that I didn’t recognize. No luck.
“Hi, Mom,” I answered and started walking again.
“Where are you?” No matter when she called or whether she called a landline or not, she always asked me this. Most of the time, she knew exactly where I was. It was a tell-tale sign she was in a bad mood and that our phone conversation was likely to end in some sort of fight.
“I’m in Wyoming, remember?” I was being catty with her. I always got sucked into the fray with her no matter how hard I wanted to avoid it.
“Don’t be an ass, July,” she said. “I called the house and nobody answered. Why aren’t you at home? And where’s Nana?”
“I’m at the grocery store,” I lied. For some reason, it’s always been easier to lie to my mother than to deal with her disapproval. Even with tiny, unimportant things like walking home. “Nana’s probably still working.”
“How’s Taylor?” She got straight to it. No beating around the bush—she loved Taylor and I swear she wanted to know more about what was going on with his life than she did with mine. It’d always been like that. To my friends, and later my boyfriend, she was the world’s coolest mom. She was sparkly and funny (often at my expense) and the world’s greatest hostess. But as soon as they left, I got the real Berit. When her moods were up, she was awesome. But when she was tired or stressed or low on money or mad at the fact that my first stepdad walked out nine years ago, I was usually at the receiving end of her dark moods. 
“Fine,” I refused to give up any more information. It’s a nasty game I played when I was angry with her. “How are you? Did you need something?”
“Are you and Taylor fighting or something? What’s going on? Is he still coming to see you at the end of the month?”
More than anything, I wanted to tell her to mind her business. But I didn’t. I rolled my eyes, kept walking, and gave as little information as possible.
“I just talked to him. And yes he’s still coming up to see me,” I was tired of the conversation and wanted her to just get to the point. It took a few more minutes of rapid fire questions about what my old friends in Denver were up to this summer, but eventually she got to it.
“My job got extended a few more weeks. Dan just can’t part with me yet, so I’m going to stay on a little longer than expected,” she said. “Its good money and I can finally pay off that lawyer if I take it. I just wanted to run it by Nana first.”
That one stung a little. I know she probably didn’t mean to make it sound like I didn’t matter in her reasoning, but that’s exactly what it sounded like.
“Well, if you want my opinion, I think it sounds like a great idea.” Part of me was lying. I wanted my mom to want to be with me. But I also knew the longer she stayed out of Wyoming, the better it was for me at this point. She was still tied up in a messy Denver divorce from my second stepfather, Terry, and I just might make it a few more months on my own if she had to stay in Colorado and live in her townhouse while they ironed out the details.
“Are you still thinking about graduating early?” Her questions were rapid and random and most of the time, I was pretty sure she didn’t care what the answer was. It was maddening.
“Yes. December. That hasn’t changed.” If she asked me what I planned to do after I graduated a semester early, I was going to reach through the phone and choke her neck. From the moment I’d arrived in Shades, my plan was to go back to Denver to college as quickly as possible. I’d already submitted a preliminary writing portfolio to a decent journalism program and it was conditionally accepted. 
If nothing major between now and then happened, I’d be accepted into the January class. I’d be six miles from Taylor’s college—at least the one he’d plan to attend that following fall and my life would be absolutely perfect.
“I need to go,” she said abruptly. “Tell Nana I’ll call her tomorrow.”
She hung up before I could say anything else. I snapped the phone a little too hastily and it slipped from my fingers. The stupid, old decrepit thing that Nana had used for almost seven years without a dent shattered before my eyes.
“Damn it!” I cursed to nobody in particular as I scooped up the broken cell phone and shoved it into my back pocket. It was going to take a few weeks for me to scrape together enough tips to replace it.
I was in a bad mood and moving quickly by the time I made it to Henry Lane. From a distance, the house was dark and that must mean Nana was going to make it another late or overnight shift. The darkness made the shadows and trees blend together to the point where it was hard to make out definite shapes as I finally reached the beginning of our long driveway. I wondered if floodlights were hard to install by myself. Maybe I could go all damsel-in-distress and wait for Taylor to get here to do it for me? Would he know how?
The small gravel rocks bounced along ahead of me as I made my way slowly toward the house. I was feeling dejected by that point if I was to be truly honest. Hiding like some dirty criminal from Hannah. Another strange phone call with Taylor. And, well, my mother. Frustrated, I felt the first sting of tears at my eyes and I brushed them away. It didn’t take long for my nose to start running and while I wasn’t flat out bawling, I was definitely dealing with stress the girliest way I knew how.
As I got closer to the house, I froze. I couldn’t be sure, but in the newly settled darkness, there was some sort of shape on the front steps. It wasn’t moving, but I didn’t recognize it. I consider turning around and running for the Tillman place, but was pretty sure that in the shape I was in, I’d never outrun whatever was waiting for me.
The figure stood up at that point and I braced myself to run for it anyway. At least I’d get murdered closer to the main road so they’d find my body and spare the town a month-long search that involved horses and dogs and volunteers. I shook my head to bring my galloping imagination back down to earth. The figure took a step forward and I matched it with a step backwards.
“July!” The voice called out more angry than salutary. I squinted in the dark and recognized the would-be marauder who sounded pretty pissed. 
It was Renn.



Chapter Six

“Where the hell did you go?” He was striding right for me. I hadn’t noticed Renn’s motorcycle parked in front of my car and at until that exact moment, I was almost wishing he was the scary shadow figure I first took him to be.
He came to stop right in front of me so I side stepped him and walked to the front steps.
“I’ve been all over this stupid town looking for you. You just—wait, are you crying?” He stopped mid-rant and squinted at me in the failing light. “You’re crying. What happened?”
I thought about sitting down on the steps to talk to Renn, but we didn’t have a functioning porch light, so I invited him in.
He followed me in and sat on Nana’s velvet nightmare of a couch while I locked the door and flipped on the lights on the first floor. I picked up the phone and called the diner. Lou answered.
“She’s working the register tonight,” Lou shouted into the phone. I’ve never heard his normal speaking voice. Ever. “Lem’s got the runs so he couldn’t make it. She’s gonna stay the night here, I’m guessing. I’ll let her know you checked in.”
I winced at the information overload and thanked Lou before hanging up.
Renn followed me into the kitchen and sat on one of the vinyl-covered diner chairs Nana had smuggled home a few decades ago. To his credit, he did look worried. His dark hair was fabulously disheveled and out of its normal ponytail. It hung nearly to his shoulders and with the shaved sides, it hung to one side and almost covered his right eye.
“What happened? Why were you crying?” He finally asked when I pulled out a couple cans of soda and pushed one in front of him. I plopped down in the seat next to him.
“I hate the dark.”
He frowned.
“You’re crying because you hate the dark?” He wasn’t exactly judging me, but he sounded skeptical.
I laughed at my lame attempt to lie and Renn actually cracked a smile. It was a new sort of smile. I was used to him laughing at me or something silly I’d said. But this—this was a genuine, warm smile at me. My skin buzzed with electricity.
“It’s nothing,” I said. “I just had a couple of crappy phone calls in about four minutes.”
Renn narrowed his brown eyes at me for a split second to take in what I’d just said. I think he was on the verge of asking for more details before changing course at the last second.
“Why’d you disappear from the coffee shop?”
If I wasn’t mistaken, it seemed like he was a little worried about me. He was out looking for me. I let the truth sink in and I’m not going to lie, I reveled in it a little bit. Taylor couldn’t hang up the phone fast enough when I tried to explain a tiny part of what had been happening to me. And Renn, well, he’d probably caught a whole lot of hell from his girlfriend and he’d still remembered that I was out walking home by myself.
“I saw Hannah reading you the riot act. I felt like I’d just been caught doing something dirty,” I said. “Those girls hate me enough for no reason. I can’t imagine how crappy they could make my last semester here if they had a reason. She was pissed, wasn’t she?”
Renn nodded.
“She was pissed. Yes.”
“It didn’t help that you sped past her and her friends at the burger place with a girl on the back of your bike, did it?”
He shrugged.
“Saw that, didn’t you? She’s—complicated,” he struggled to find the right word. I could have supplied a few for him but I bit my tongue.
“Did you tell her it was me?” On a more daring day, I’d have hoped that he did. I’m not sure why, but it would have felt great to have Renn stand up for me and him and whatever this was that we were doing.
He shook his head no but didn’t say anything else. He didn’t look happy. I wonder how much crap he’d get from Hannah for this. And had she known where he was going when he left to look for me?
“What were the bad phone calls about?” He changed the subject tactfully.
I wasn’t sure I wanted to talk about Taylor to Renn. Or my mom for that matter.
“Eh, nobody important,” I said hoping he’d drop it. He didn’t.
“You’re a terrible liar,” he said, crossing his arms. “What happened?”
“My boyfriend’s been acting strange. I feel like I’ve been blow off,” I shrugged. “I’ve seen two ghosts in so many days and that I was hiding from Hannah and her henchmen in the dark when all I’d really like is to be back in my old life in Denver so maybe it’s not so farfetched I got a little crazy emotional.”
As soon as I had blurted it out, I realized I’d just unloaded the day’s emotional baggage all over the tacky kitchen table and onto Renn’s lap.  
“Tell me about your boyfriend.”
It wasn’t really a question. I wondered where to start.
“His name is Taylor. He lives in Denver and is working the summer at a country club with his dad,” I said as I played with the chipped nail polish on my thumb. “I guess he’s been busy lately or whatever. He’s supposed to come visit later this month but he’s been changing the subject a lot.”
“In all my wisdom, all 19 years, whenever a girl says ‘or whatever’ it’s never just whatever,” he said and sat back against the chair letting his legs stretch out beside me. “How long have you two been together?”
“I met him the day I turned 15,” I said quietly. “Almost three years.”
He let out a low whistle of appreciation.
“Three whole teenage years? That’s like nine adult years.”
I laughed at his attempt at humor and saw my chance to pry a little unnecessary information out him as well.
“What about you and Legs?”
His grin told me he appreciated the nickname I gave her.
“A few months, I think,” he shrugged. “She needed a date to prom and had a mutual friend ask me if I’d go. So we went. I never figured it’d last past my graduation last month.”
He trailed off right when I was getting interested.
“But?”
“But it’s still going, I guess.”
“How did you get rid of her at the coffee shop to come find me?”
He scratched at the back of his neck with his right hand and looked up at the wall behind me. It looked like a tic—he must be uncomfortable talking about the scene she made. Not nearly as uncomfortable as I felt causing it.
“I told her I needed to go see my aunt. It wasn’t a lie, exactly. She called earlier today because my uncle hasn’t called in a couple days and that’s not like him.”
“Do you need to go see her?”
He shook his head.
“I’ll probably stay there tonight, but I don’t need to go yet. My cousin Skye’s with her and he’s always good at calming her down,” he leaned back on the table close enough that our elbows were almost touching. “I still need to figure out what I’m going to do with you.”
 “I’m not sure what you mean,” I said, confused.
“I don’t believe much in coincidences. I don’t think any of this is random. I think there’s a lot more to what’s going on.”
It seemed unlikely to me.  
“I don’t think my ‘thing’ is a thing. It’s probably a fluke.”
“My guess is that you’re wrong about that.”
He didn’t elaborate. I wished he would.
“So now what? More slinking through Laundromats outrunning and outwitting your girlfriend until I can make the visions go away?”
I didn’t mean to sound so bitter, but I couldn’t help it. 
“I’m sorry about that, July.” He looked it, too. “Where’d you get a name like that, anyway?”
I frowned and tried to wait him out, hoping he’d move on to another topic. He didn’t.
“It’s kind of a silly story,” I said, fiddling with the wooden napkin holder carved to look like a dancing pickle. Where did Nana get these things?
“Tribes take names very seriously. It’s got to mean something,” he pressed. “Were you born in July?”
“Nope,” I shook my head and smiled. “I was born in October. Seriously, my dad loved a book called ‘Lonesome Dove.’ July Johnson was a sheriff who tracked his wife all the way from Arkansas to Nebraska or something. It wasn’t a character who had a happy ending, but he couldn’t convince my mom to name me Woodrow or Augustus once they’d found out I was a girl. So July it was.”
From the look on his face, the story amused him.
“Did you ever read the book?”
“I haven’t, but I’ve watched the mini-series on DVD once here with Pop. It wasn’t bad, but July Johnson’s kind of a wimp. A stubborn wimp, but a wimp just the same. What about your name? I bet you’ve got a way better story.”
He nodded in agreement with my last statement.
“It’s true, I wasn’t named after a sad character in a book,” he said. “My mom named me Wren after the king of the birds. Wren’s are supposed to be bold and resourceful—survivors. I think she knew that our lives weren’t going to be easy so she wanted me to live up to my namesake. My grandmother didn’t know how to spell the name correctly, so that’s how I ended up with R-E-N-N. It was embarrassing when I was younger, but I like it now.”
“It’s a great name,” I blurted it out without thinking and wanted to put my head on the table. I was having another fan-girl moment and really wished I’d shut up already.
“Thanks,” he smiled at me and I felt like I needed to stick my entire head under the kitchen faucet and let the cold water run for a few hours.
The clock on the wall beeped on the hour and I glanced up. It was ten. I had blinked and suddenly it was late at night.
“Do you work tomorrow?”
I shook my head. 
“No, I don’t work ‘til Friday night,” I said. “In case you wanted to come in and watch me knock over a tub of dirty dishes again.”
Renn laughed out loud at that one. He sputtered at first but lost control and put his head on his arms on the table and laughed. His laugh made me giggle. 
“Oh man,” he said sitting up. “That was adorable, I don’t care what anyone says. All sprawled out looking like you were going to cry.”
“I’m really glad you’re still enjoying it, jerk,” I made a fist and brought it straight down on the hand he had on the tabletop. He laughed even louder.
“Seriously,” he said regaining control of himself. “You made quite the impression that night.”
I looked up when he said that looking for the joke or the punchline. He looked back at me but it never came. He just blinked and looked down at his hands. Was Renn acting nervous?
He cleared his throat with a half-cough and put his hands on his knees to push himself up.
“You feel like doing some research with me tomorrow? Are you busy?”
Well, my schedule contained a whole lot of painting my thumbs a tangerine orange and obsessively checking my e-mail. Except that today I didn’t really think about my empty inbox nearly as much.
“No, I’m pretty much a house mouse when I’m not at work.” 
“Great,” he said and I made a face. “I mean, that’s not great that you never get out, but it’s great for me so I don’t have to sit in a dusty library by myself. I’ll pick you up at noon.”
“Are you sure? I can meet you somewhere if you want. I don’t want to cause any more trouble between you and Hannah.”
Renn backed up and pushed his chair in. He gave me a lop-sided grin and when he winked at me I was pretty sure my left knee buckled.
“Don’t worry about Hannah,” he said. “And I think I’m going to like your kind of trouble.”
My cheeks blazed hot as I followed him out of the kitchen and through the living room to the front door. I unlocked the dead bolt and stayed inside as he walked out onto the dark porch.
“Sorry about that,” I said pointing up to the dark light. “I need to fix the stupid light.”
“No worries,” he said. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Sweet dreams and all that.”
Something about the way he said that made me certain that sweet dreams wouldn’t be a problem for me that night.




Chapter Seven

I woke up early the next morning. Really, really early. The sun was just showing itself over the far mountain ranges in the distance, casting a warm yellow and gray light on everything. The alarm on my computer desk said it was just a little past five.
After I threw on a pair of shorts and my favorite orange tank top, I sat at my computer and checked my Line Time and e-mail out of habit. Line Time was empty, as usual. No new e-mails from Taylor, either. A new message from “kingwren33” sat at the top of my unread mail, however. 

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
Time: 1:40 a.m.
Sheriff,
I didn’t really apologize about what happened with her. I’m really sorry. Forgive me?
 I’ll see you later. 
RH

Oh man, this kid was too much. I smiled at my screen for a good minute or two and did a little internal swooning that he’d given me the silliest of nicknames. I hit reply.
	To: kingwren33@linkmail.net
From: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
Time: 7:55 a.m. 
King Wren,
No worries. Walking home in the dark like a criminal is good practice for my plan to fund college stealing cars.
See you soon.
July

I’m pretty sure if I’d had the right key, I would have signed off with a smiley or a heart of some sort. I had a ton of energy coursing through my veins and nothing really to do because it was so early. Just when I was considering jumping back inside my covers and lying awake for seven hours until Renn showed up, I heard the clanging of coffee cups and the wafting smell of coffee coming from downstairs.
I walked softly down the old staircase and smiled at all of the old photos that lined the wall. There wasn’t a spare inch of wall space that hadn’t been covered in some great memory. Photos of kids and grandkids filled walls in every other room of the house, but the staircase wall Nana saved just for photos of her and Pop. Black and white wedding portraits, brightly colored snapshots of them in a red and orange hot air balloon, and the two of them with fanny packs standing in front of a cascading waterfall in what I suspect was Hawaii. They’d worked hard all their lives, but they also knew their time together was a gift and they made the most of it. I wondered how Nana moved on without Pop. She hadn’t left Shades in the seven years since he died. I wondered if her adventures were over. The thought made me a little sad.
In the kitchen, Nana was dressed for the day and had rollers in her hair. She was taller than I was, but at a little over 5 foot 3, it felt like the rest of the human population was taller than me. She was wearing Capri jeans, some ratty old Birkenstock sandals, and a Disney t-shirt from the 1970s. Captain hook had an afro and platform shoes.
“Good morning, Buttercup,” she chirped as she flitted around the kitchen making herself a cup of coffee.
“Morning, Nana,” I said sitting in the chair Renn had been in last night. “What are you doing up so early? Didn’t you get in late?”
Nana sat down across from me and stirred her coffee. She was slim and in good shape for a woman in her seventies. Her face was bright and she had the greatest blue eyes I’d ever seen. My mom had inherited them, but I’d gotten the hazel green eyes of my dad, but I wouldn’t know. Just as soon as he’d convinced my mom to name me after the hottest month of the year, he split. We hadn’t heard from him since.
“I got to bed sometime around midnight, I suppose. You were already asleep,” she said. “And as far as getting up early, I’m always up at this time. You’re up early today, love! Would you like some coffee? Fresh pot over there.”
Nana made the absolute worst coffee. It’s true that I wasn’t a huge fan of the stuff to begin with, but hers was particularly awful and could clear your lower intestines out before lunch if you weren’t careful. The truckers always made sure to ask who made the coffee  when they saw her on duty at the diner—there weren’t many rest stops three hours east of us and they’d do anything to avoid being caught with coffee rot gut out in the middle of nowhere.
“No thanks, I’ll make some tea.”
I flipped the switch on the electric tea kettle I’d brought from Denver and waited.
“What’s going on at the diner? Is everything going well?”
It seemed like a lifetime ago that I was standing outside in the parking lot realizing I wasn’t crazy and that the things I’d seen were real. Or real-ish. 
 It’d really only been last night. It felt like months had passed already.
“It’s good. Just a busy week for everyone hauling loads trying to make it to California in time. The new waitress doesn’t seem like the brightest bulb in the package, but Sherilee has faith that she’ll turn around.”
I smiled at the memory of Lou losing it over her use of acronyms.
“I have the next two days off,” I said as the kettle began to whistle. I pulled it off its stand and poured the boiling water into a mug on the counter. “You’ll be okay without me?”
She nodded over the top of her cup.
“Just fine,” she said. “Your mom left a message on the machine. Any chance you know what it’s about?”
Nana hated surprises. 
“She can’t quit her job yet. She’s too important. She said she’d call you sometime today.”
A silence stretched across the kitchen table for a minute. I wondered what Nana might be thinking. Was she mad at my mom for dumping me on her for even longer? There was a spare bedroom upstairs that my mom had never moved into. The plan all along was to move here in December while she finished her latest divorce. I’d go to school for a semester and then she’d be back on her feet and we’d move back to Denver together. So far, I was the only who’d stuck to the plan and now that semester was over and it was inevitable that I was going to start my senior year here in the fall and she’d still probably be living in and out of the Denver area for work and her divorce. I was starting to think dumping me off in Wyoming had been her plan all along. She hadn’t even brought a box of clothes with her when she left me here in December.
“I’m not too much of a burden, am I Nana?” I hated the thought that I might be wearing my welcome thin here.
“Heavens no, July,” she said and put her hand on mine. She gave it a gentle squeeze. “Ever since Pop passed its’ been downright depressing around here. You really bring some energy to the place and I’m glad to have you as long as you’ll stay.”
“Do you think it was her intention to leave me out here from the get go?” I shouldn’t put my Nana in the position to speak ill of her daughter, but I was feeling particularly bitter.
“I never know what the hell Berit’s thinking,” she sighed. “I had five children. Four of them normal, one of them a load of trouble from the first breath. I like to think there’s no such thing as accidents and that you’re out here and she’s over there on purpose. Do you miss her?”
I shook my head.
“Is it awful I don’t miss her that much?” I confessed. “We fought all the time in Denver so much that I was never home. It’d been going on like that for almost a year. And then with the fighting, I became a sort of ghost around there. The only time she was interested in what I was doing was when she and Terry were fighting. I’d be her best friend for a day or so and then it’d all go back to the way it was.”
Nana listened and sipped her coffee. There had been days when I was younger that I’d call Nana from my cell phone and cry about something my mom had done or said. She was used to me venting and she did nothing more than listen.
“Someday she’ll come back down to Earth,” Nana sighed. “I’ve been promising myself that for 44 years now, but it’ll happen. If you were to ask me, you need to stop depending on approval from everyone else around you. You’re a few months shy of being an adult and you’ll drive yourself nutty waiting for other people to act the way they should. That goes for your idiot boyfriend, too.”
It made me laugh. It was funny because it was true. Taylor was an idiot. I loved him, but he was an absolute idiot this summer and I was spending my days moping around hoping that he’d realize how wrong he was. Same for my mother. I kept waiting for some epiphany to strike her—that she was hurting my feelings and as far as I knew, that wasn’t what mothers were here for.
“You’re absolutely right, Nana,” I sighed. “More than anything, I wish I could block out the stuff that hurts my feelings. It sucks.”
“I love you just the way you are,” she shrugged. “Think about it. You could have been born not caring a hoot about other people’s feelings and then your name would have been Berit. So you be you and you let Berit be Berit.”
After we’d finished with our cups, I stood at the sink washing and setting them out on a dishtowel to dry. One of the hardest adjustments to life in Shades was living with a woman who had never, not once in her life, owned a dishwasher.
“I’m going to catch up on my programs,” she called from the living room. She might not be one for all the conveniences of the modern age, but she sure did appreciate her DVR. She kept up with “The Young and the Restless” that way, no matter how wonky her schedule at the truck stop got.
It was only seven when I went back upstairs to my room. The sun was up and bright, streaming through my open window, and there was a soft breeze blowing in. Outside, I caught sight of Muffin barking at the side of the house. 
“Hush,” I stuck my head out the window and called to her. She didn’t even look up at me and continued her agitated yapping at whatever was in front of the house.
The Tillmans had a tomcat that loved to beat up on Muffin every few weeks and by the way the dog was losing her mind by the second, I figured the damn bully had come back to scratch up Nana’s dog again. I stepped into a pair of flip flops and raced downstairs, grabbing the straw broom propped against the railing at the bottom of the stairs. Pushing my way through the heavy front door and then the flimsy screen door, I flew down the porch steps with the broom at the ready, prepared to go to battle against the fiercest orange tomcat in Wyoming. Muffin ran to me as soon as she heard the screen door swing shut, but kept barking in the direction of Nana’s pick up.
I kept the broom raised and slowly walked around the front of her Toyota toward the passenger side. But it wasn’t a cat standing there agitating the dog.
Standing in the sunlight looking a little nervous and a lot annoyed at the barking home defender was the ghost who’d scared me half to death yesterday in the diner. I froze where I was with the front of Nana’s truck between us and did my best not to move or make a sound. 
Could he see me as well? He took a cigarette out of his ghost pocket and lit it, taking a deep inhale before looking right at me.
“You just gonna stand there like that and be rude or are you gonna introduce yourself?” 
I did the only logical thing I could think of and screamed like a big, fat sissy.




Chapter Eight

Nana had the front screen door wide open before the broom hit the ground at my feet.
“What in the hell…” she hollered as she looked around for whatever was attacking me. I looked from her to the spot where the ghost had been standing and back again. He was gone. Again.
I fumbled picking up the broom and righted it. 
“I thought I saw a skunk,” I said, squinting back at her. The light from the sunrise shone right in my eyes, burning them.
“Well, Buttercup, I hate to tell ya that we don’t get skunks around these parts. You’re lucky it wasn’t a badger. Damn thing would take your head off for lookin’ at it cross eyed,” she clucked and shut the door, probably eager to get back to her programs.
He was really gone. I looked around for Muffin who had also managed to make herself scarce. For good measure, I squatted down low and looked underneath Roberta. No Muffin. Standing, I turned to go back into the house and found myself face to face with my ghost.
Letting out a small chirp, I jumped backwards on to the hood of the Subaru.
“What the HAM?!” I hissed through clenched teeth. “You’re going to give me a heart attack!”
The ghost gave me an odd look and I studied his face while he studied mine. He had thick, dark eyebrows and bright blue eyes. His jaw was strong and dotted with stubble and he was wearing the same plaid shirt and khaki pants that he’d had on in the diner.
“Did you just use the word ham to cuss at me?” He wasn’t smiling at me, but his voice was amused.
“Maybe,” I said as I slid off the side of the hood away from him. “My Nana doesn’t like it when I swear. Who are you and why are you sneaking up on me?”
He shrugged.
“I’m dead. I’m not sneaking on purpose.”
I put my hands on my hips and tried to wait him out. He must have studied Renn’s manual on giving out as little information as possible. I was holding my breath and didn’t realize it until I had to blow a large one out. I finally gave up.
“Why are you here?”
He ran his hands through his hair.
“Redemption? World peace? I have no clue.”
“No,” I said quickly. “Here. At my house. Why are you here?”
He stuffed his hands into his pockets and looked around. He waited half a breath to answer.
“You saw me,” he said at last. “Nobody has seen me since 1942. I figured it was a special occasion and I ought to ask you a few questions.”
“I hate to spoil it for you, but I’m the last one you should be asking questions. I’ve seen two of you my entire life and it’s all been in the span of 48 hours.”
“I’ve been wandering this stupid stretch of roadway for 70 years. Taking a chance wouldn’t exactly hurt anything,” he said. “You saw someone like me? Wouldn’t have been that creepy looking girl would it?”
My mouth dropped open. This ghost was the first being (human or not) to see the same thing that I had.
“Yes!” I got a little too excited. A ghost confirming the presence of another ghost through a conversation I was probably having in my head didn’t exactly prove me sane. “You saw her, too?”
He nodded.
“I saw her outside when some of the drivers were loading up,” he said. “I haven’t seen her since. She looked like she was in bad shape, considering she was already dead.”
“Did she say anything to you? Like what she wanted at the truck stop?”
She didn’t exactly look like the speaking kind of specter, but I was desperate for any sort of answer I could get.
“We don’t usually talk to each other,” he said. I assumed he was talking about ghosts in general.
That sounded a little odd. “Why not?”
“We can’t always see each other.”
That sounded crazy and I said so.
“Maybe,” he said. “I didn’t make the rules, I tell you that much.”
A brief silence stretched between us.
“My name is July,” I said and stretched my hand out to him. He looked at it and raised an eyebrow at me. Realizing my mistake, I pulled it back and used it to pull my hair into a ponytail. If I had a tell, messing with my hair would be it.
“Well, July, my guess is the girl didn’t realize she was dead yet. The new ones are usually confused or violent. Or both,” he said. “My name is Ernie. My last name is Larsen, not that it matters much anymore. Most of my line is dead and truly gone. My sisters all had girls. Esther had a boy who died in ‘Nam far as I can remember. Memory’s a little hazy when it comes to events I wasn’t really around for.”
“Ernie Larsen,” I repeated. “Nice name.”
Ernie took a long pull off the cigarette and blew a cloud of smoke straight at me. I waved my hand in front of my face and was just about to tell him all about his crappy manners when I realized the smoke wasn’t real. Well, I’m sure it was real in some metaphysical sense, but on whatever plane of existence my feet were planted on, the smoke didn’t exist. No smell. No sting in the lungs. Nothing.
“Who names their kid July?” He asked between puffs. “And a girl no less?”
The man was blunt, that much was true.
“It was a character in a book,” I said, offering nothing more. Defending your name too many times in 24 hours gets old. 
“You got a birthday in July?”
Conversations always went this way. Without fail.
“No. October.”
“That doesn’t make any damn sense at all,” he wasn’t really talking to me specifically anymore. He turned back to me. “Your parents take a lot of drugs or something? I missed one hell of a party in the 60s. I probably would have named my kid Moose Antler or Dirt bag if I’d had the chance to take some of those illegals.”
“Way before my time, Ernie Larsen,” I said, feeling like I was intruding on some internal dialog he was having.
“That dark-haired kid with you at the truck stop diner, he see me, too? He looked in my direction but I couldn’t be sure.”
I assumed he meant Renn.
“I don’t think he could see you, but he could tell you were there.”
“A sweetheart of yours?” Ernie Larsen was a nosy ghost.
“Not a boyfriend,” I said. “He’s seen me make a fool out of myself both times I saw some sort of spirit. Talking and non-talking. He knew it. I think he knows more than he’s telling me. Very frustrating.”
He laughed and shook his head, like teen drama was suddenly really funny.
 “Well, then what did you want to ask me?” I asked. “And for the record, he has a girlfriend. And so do I.”
Ernie raised an eyebrow at me.
“Boyfriend,” I corrected myself. “I have a boyfriend in Denver. I think so, anyway.”
“You’re a complicated little thing, ain’t ya?” He touched his index and middle fingers of his right hand to his temple in a sort of salute in my direction. “I’ll be around. Try not to scream at me the next time you see me. It’s rude.”
With the tip of his boot, he kicked at the smoldering cigarette and I watched it fly into the hedges beside the porch. I was just about to fuss at him for trying to burn our house down, but when I looked back, he was gone.
Talk about rude.
I stood in the morning sun looking around, wondering if Ernie had left any trace of him. Was there any proof that I’d just met a man who had died 70 years ago? There was nothing. Not even the scent of cigarette smoke on the air to remind me. 
I spent the rest of the morning cleaning my room and doing more laundry than any teenager with any sense should do. Did I really wear all these clothes? Did I really own all these clothes? At one point I was sure Nana was throwing her own stuff in with mine because she was worse at laundry detail than I was.  I was just too lazy to dig through the whole pile and sort it all out. I’d rather shove it all into the machine without a second glance and be on my way. I still had to get dressed for the trip to the library.
My outfit changed about seventeen more times before eleven and when it was half past, I suddenly got a little nervous. I knew today was nothing, but waiting for Renn to come pick me up and going somewhere, on purpose, with him gave me a little rush of adrenaline. And I was dying to tell him about talking to Ernie.
But then noon came and noon went. At around 12:30, I checked my e-mail. There was a short message from Taylor about some party he and some kids I used to hang out with were going to, but I just skimmed it and told myself I’d write him back later. Nothing from Renn.
I laid down on my bed just a tad dramatically and opened my laptop. With nothing else to do, I fired up an episode of Larva, a ridiculous cartoon from South Korea that my only friend in Shades, Camille, had gotten me addicted to.
One half-hour episode down, and Renn was an hour late. I was pretty sure I was being stood up. I’d just hit play to start the next episode of silly bug madness when the computer chimed, letting me know I had a new e-mail.
Clicking over, I felt a rush of excitement when I saw a new e-mail from Renn. Hopefully he was on his way.
With no subject line, I clicked it open.

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
Time: 12:55 p.m.
So sorry. Caught up here with my aunt and cousin.
 I’ll msg you later if I get free. Sorry. 

And just like that, seventeen outfit changes and five hours of nervous pacing between my bedroom and my bathroom went down the toilet. Mad as hell, I pulled off my leather sandals and threw them in the closet with a loud thunk. 
I shouldn’t be mad, and I knew it. The kid was with his family and he’d just told me yesterday that his uncle hadn’t been heard from in a couple days. 
It helped diffuse the frustration. A little.
I was in the middle of a long e-mail to my only real friend in Shades, Camille, to catch her up on everything, ghosts and all, when the house phone rang. I perked up and ran downstairs to grab the portable.
“Hello?” I sounded a little too chipper for my own good.
“Hey.”
It was Taylor. Oh.
“Hi,” I walked back up to my room. Nana had already left for the night. Muffin had a purple sock hanging out of her mouth. I was pretty sure Nana didn’t own purple toe socks. Stupid dog.
“What are you doing?” 
“Laundry, what about you?” I conveniently kept the Renn details from him.
“Just got home from the gym with Brayden. Going to take a shower and get ready for later.”
His voice was off and I picked up on it immediately. I could tell right away it was coming.
“What’s wrong, Tay?” 
Maybe he’d had a bad day and wanted to talk. He hadn’t “wanted to talk” for a couple months now, but crazier things have happened. Like ghosts. 
“I just—I just need to be honest with you,” he began and I braced myself on the bed. “I’m not sure I can do this anymore. I love you so much, but we’ve been living two separate lives the past six months. It’s too much.”
“What about you coming out here to visit? That’s two weeks away?”
“Listen,” he said quietly. He was letting me down easy. “I don’t think I’d be able to get the time off and my truck hasn’t been running so great. It’s not the best idea.”
I fell back and pulled the pillow over my head, letting the phone drop into my hand. I hung up as Taylor went on talking to himself on the other end of the line.




Chapter Nine

Foul didn’t begin to describe my mood. Rotten? Maybe. Abysmal? More likely. I can’t say that I hadn’t seen it coming, either, and that was the worst part. Taylor had been acting so strange the past month or so and I just convinced myself that he’d been tired or stressed or busy. I was pretty certain there was more to the story than “just growing apart,” too, but for right now I was too busy feeling sorry for myself to dig into what he’d been up to in Colorado. The gossip would find a way to cover the 200 miles to me eventually.
I really didn’t want to know at this point. 
I let a few tears fall for a good twenty minutes. My life felt much lonelier than it did this morning and I wondered what life would be like going to a college a few miles down the road from Taylor. Was my plan even to still go to school in Colorado now that we weren’t together? He’d mentioned something about this being “a break” but I’m pretty sure that’s guy-speak for I’m hooking up as quickly as possible while you wait around.
No thanks.
It was a little after three in the afternoon when I’d finally had enough of myself. Pushing my sad body down the hall one more time to stand in front of the bathroom mirror, I fixed my makeup for the third time that day. 
Really, it was the super-volumizer mascara that was making me look like a drowned raccoon, so I washed my face and did a quick reapply. Walking back to my bedroom in search of my sandals, I let out a yelp when I saw Ernie perched on my bed, looking comfortable but not leaving any sort of indent in the covers.
“Dang it,” I said when I could breathe. “You’re killing me with this sneaky thing.”
“You done crying?” He didn’t sound very sympathetic.
“Why are you here so soon? Boring day at the diner?”
He shook his head.
“Quite a tizzy around there. Seems there’s a certified highway serial killer. Some old guy came through with a newspaper from Cheyenne and there’s a dead girl in a dumpster behind a Denny’s.”
The news was disturbing to say the least, remembering the two bodies Dot had mentioned the day before. 
I didn’t know the chain of events in the killings so I couldn’t tell in what order the girls were killed, but Shades sat on the same highway as all three deaths.
“You’re pretty up to date on gossip. How do you even know what a Denny’s is?”
Ernie stood up and looked around my room, almost as if he was bored by the question.
“I pay attention,” he said. “I have nothing else to do, so I pay attention.”
He looked around my room with a little more earnest interest. His head darted from side to side and he peered quickly along the bookshelf to the window. Something was wrong.
“What?” I asked and moved to look outside. The smell hit hard and I recognized it immediately. In my mind, I’d taken to calling it the “evil” smell, even though I had no idea what was really causing it. I had no idea what was out there that made that stench and I was too terrified to go out and look.
“Do you see something?” I asked Ernie. Coming to stand near him, I was careful not to invade his space. I wasn’t sure what would happen if I tried to touch him, but I wasn’t ready to find out.
Ernie had two fingers pressed to his lips as he peered outside.
“No,” he finally said. “You?”
I shook my head. “I don’t see it. But I can smell it whenever it comes around.”
“This isn’t the first time I’ve sensed it.” 
He said it without taking his eyes off the group of trees in the Tillman yard about a half mile away.
“Do you think it’s a ghost?”
Ernie shook his head no.
“I know a ghost. This seems,” he hesitated before speaking. “Evil. And it’s shadowing you, if I’m being honest here.”
He cast me an apologetic sideways glance. I’d figured as much.
I cast a glance out toward the trees but still didn’t see anything.
“Where’s the kid at? Didn’t you two have a date?” Ernie walked away from the window and started looking at the pictures on my dresser. A few of Taylor and me in Colorado. A photo taken at prom a few months ago when Camille had convinced me to go with her, dateless—Taylor had a baseball tournament in Fort Collins that weekend and couldn’t make it up here for it.
“It wasn’t a date,” I said with a shrug. “And he couldn’t make it.”
“B.S.,” Ernie muttered under his breath. 
Letting out a long breath, I closed my eyes.
“Shouldn’t matter anyway,” I finally said. “Up until a few minutes ago, I had a boyfriend. Renn’s just a research thing.”
“The blonde kid dumped you?” Ernie jerked his head toward the row of photos. 
I nodded.
“Loser.”
I smiled. I liked Ernie’s style.
He squinted at a picture of me and Camille. It was taken outside of school on the last day, just a few short weeks ago. My hair was long and pale blond in the bright sun. I was wearing a tank top and shorts, my normal uniform for daily life. Camille towered over me. Her thick brown hair was wavy and fell to her shoulders with thick bangs that fell to her eyes. She wore the tacky maroon gym shorts the school made us buy (she loved those horrible things) and her varsity volleyball t-shirt.
“Who’s that? She looks like a firecracker.”
I nodded at his assessment. Her mother was Korean and her father claimed a Paiute heritage. Camille was tall and gorgeous to put it mildly. She was also fearless and blatantly outspoken. Basically, everything I wasn’t. She’d taken me under her wing after a couple of weeks of me looking pathetic in government class and eating by myself.
Ernie kept talking, disrupting my thoughts.
“You’ve got no reason to listen to me, kid,” Ernie said after a pause. “But I suggest you figure out a way to protect yourself from whatever that thing is. Don’t wait for the dark-haired kid to be your white knight. That thing seems like it means business.”
“I guess I could—” I started to say, but Ernie had gone already. I stood still a moment letting my brain process the morning. Ghost. Stood Up. Dumped. Ghost. 
A week ago, my biggest worry was surviving one last semester of high school with some sort of dignity still intact. The way this summer was going, I’d be lucky to make it out of summer alive.
Deciding to take Ernie’s advice, I dug around in the top desk drawer and found my Rock County Public Library card and tossed it into my hot pink backpack along with my wallet, a notebook, laptop, and what was left of my piece of junk phone covered in Scooby Doo stickers (thanks to Virginia’s youngest grandson a few days back). 
Since spiking it on the concrete in frustration at my mother yesterday, it hasn’t recovered no matter how many times I recharged it. Now I was just carrying it around in case it decided to forgive me and turn back on.
I let Muffin out for another quick bathroom break and waited for her at the back door. The scent was mostly gone but when the breeze blew through the poplar trees, I swore I caught the faintest hint of the evil. It had moved on but not long ago.
I put Muffin upstairs on Nana’s bed and turned on an afternoon talk show. She loved Ellen. Locking the house up, I tossed my bag into Roberta and started her up on the first try.
The library was at the opposite end of town and I seemed to hit every light on the way. It was a quiet afternoon and the heat kept most people inside next to their fans. The low fuel light pinged on a few blocks from the library parking lot and I decided to hit the Conoco on my way home. I hated crossing traffic, even in a small town, and the station would be on my right side on the trip back.
I parked Roberta close to the front and locked the door. Walking inside, it took me a moment to adjust my eyes to the near-darkness of the library’s wood panel and low-light interior. A bald man with enormous glasses and a threadbare argyle cardigan sat at the information desk and looked up over the black rims of his glasses as I approached. That must have been his greeting, because he didn’t actually say anything to me when I stopped at the counter in front of him.
“Hello,” I gave an awkward little wave. “I’m looking for some information about the Shoshone tribe and their—”
He didn’t let me finish and thrust his pudgy arm in the direction of a pair tarnished brass elevator doors.
“Second floor on the right.”
His eyes returned to the computer screen and I knew I’d just been dismissed.
“Thank you,” I mumbled and made my way to the elevator. Jabbing my finger into the up arrow, I stood and waited for an eternity for the elevator to make its descent down. I was pretty sure there were only two floors and a basement in the building, so it couldn’t have been coming from the 50th floor penthouse or anything. It was that old.
Ping!
I waited for an older lady with frizzy white hair and a grinning cat t-shirt to dislodge herself and her large wire cart from the small elevator cab before entering. 
The button for the second floor was covered by some black gummy-looking substance so instead of my fingers, I jabbed at it with the tip of my sandal. It actually worked after a few attempts. The elevator was slower and noisier from the inside and I was borderline claustrophobic when it finally bumped to a stop and ground the two doors open to let me out.
Pushing past the door with my hands on the straps of my backpack, I approached another librarian desk and hoped for better luck. I got it.
I explained that I was looking for any myths or information on monsters from Wyoming tribes. The small man with a neat bowtie and blue vest led me through a glass door into a large room full of shelves along a windowed wall and several tables in the center. All empty.
He motioned for me to have a seat at a table and get comfortable and returned moments later with five or six books stacked in his arms. He placed three in front of me.
“These you can check out and take home,” he said. In a separate pile, he placed the rest. “These you can’t. We have a copier over there by the door, though. Ten cents a page.”
I thanked him and he made his way back to his desk, leaving me alone in the Native American Studies room. 
My wallet held about twenty bucks in various bills. Hardly enough to cover the cost of copying three entire books, so I walked to the machine and put in every bill I had and started flipping through the books and photocopying whatever looked like it might be interesting. It wasn’t exactly a scientific method for research, but I didn’t have time to really read all of the descriptions. The library was closing at five and I had about fifteen minutes to copy and get checked out downstairs.
Some of the pages had strange pencil drawings illustrating the various legends and animal myths. I’d hate to have a run in with some of their giant eagle ancestors—one was drawn with wings flared out and was holding a decapitated human head by the hair in its beak.
Shuddering, I carried the “photocopy only” books to the return cart and shoved all the papers into my backpack. I opted for the stairs to get downstairs and the line to use the self-checkout machine was mercifully short. The woman with the cat shirt was at the service desk manually checking out a customer and by the looks of it, they’d be done around Labor Day.
I made it through the self-checkout process and even made it out of the security detectors without setting off any stolen book alarms. I’d been famous for messing up the de-magnetizing step necessary to leave the library with your new books.
The sun was still high in the western sky when I walked back out into the parking lot. I dumped my bag into the passenger seat and fired up the engine, rolling my eyes at the ding of the fuel light. I hated being nagged.
A mile or so down the road, I saw the gas station come into view. I picked the pump closest to the exit and furthest from the building on accident. I had a debit card but I wanted a lemonade, so I ran across the parking lot into the store. When I’d filled the largest cup with half lemonade and half lemon-lime soda, I walked to the counter.
“Twenty bucks on pump 1 also, please,” I said handing over my card. The cashier handed me my card and a receipt and when I turned to push the door open, I hesitated. 
There was Hannah’s grey Volkswagen with her sitting in the passenger side talking on her phone. And there was Renn pumping gas into the car for her.
I felt a little queasy at the sight of him and considered waiting them out in the store. But between Taylor and Renn, I was pretty sick of boy drama and besides, with Hannah sitting there, he wouldn’t be able to acknowledge me. And I’d sure be able to let him know that I’d seen him.
Taking a deep breath, I pushed the door open and walked out into the parking lot toward Roberta. I took a few steps to make sure I was in plain sight before casting him a sideways glance. I saw him recognize me and caught him blink in surprise before he recovered. He had looked the tiniest bit panicked for the briefest nanosecond and it felt awesome. For good measure I wiggled my eyebrows up and down and raised my drink a few inches in a mock salute to him and his idiot girlfriend. If that’s what today was all about, he deserved every second with Hannah Lewis. 
I made it to Roberta and put in the gas without looking back. I left through the exit and didn’t even know if they were still back there as I pulled out.
On the road towards Nana’s house, I finally let out the breath I’d been holding the entire time.








Chapter Ten

I spent the entire night reading through the first book. It was a history of the Wyoming tribes and gave me a quick history of the Shoshone, the Bannock, and the Arapaho. Other tribes had existed closer to the state boundaries as they had drifted in from other areas, but the big three had reservations and centuries of history in Wyoming.
Concentrating on the Shoshone because of the conversation I’d had with Renn, I’d made it through most of the animal-related legends that first night before falling asleep in a pile of books. I didn’t hear my e-mail alert pinging off and on mostly because I never pulled my laptop out of the backpack before tossing it into the empty laundry basket in the corner.
The shrill of the house phone woke me up the next morning and I fumbled with the handset Nana had left on my pillow before she left in the early hours.
“Hello?” My voice cracked with sleep.
“Hi Buttercup,” it was Nana. “I know it’s your day off, but Sherilee called in sick with the flu. Do you think you could work the afternoon shift for me? I’ll give you Saturday off as a trade.”
My eyes were heavy and I had a hard time keeping them open.
“Sure, Nana,” I said. “What time?”
“Ten. See you then.”
She hung up quickly and I glanced at the alarm clock near my dresser. It was nine. I heaved myself out of bed with a groan and stumbled to the bathroom to get myself ready. My hair had dried in a frizzy mess after last night’s post-research shower so I shoved it in a French braid and smoothed it down with hair spray. I thought about putting one of the bright flower clips in my hair but went with the “why bother?” look. Seriously. Why bother?
My laptop stayed in the empty laundry basket as I got myself dressed. Partly because I was in a rush but mostly because I didn’t want to hear from Renn about why he’d stood me up. Or worse, to realize he hadn’t cared enough to try to offer some lame excuse. And Taylor? Well, I couldn’t have cared less what Taylor had to say. He’d said enough on the phone to last me a good two or three years of radio silence from him.
Thirty minutes and a quick breakfast later, I was driving the five miles to work. It was a hot day already and the fact that I’d given up my day off and gotten dumped and stood up the day before made me pretty salty by the time I pulled into the parking lot. Normally I tried to park reasonably far from the front door of the diner to allow customers to park close, but today I really didn’t care and had no intention of leaving my car near the dumpsters.
An hour into my shift, a new driver came in and sat down. Older, with wiry gray hair that desperately needed a good trim and wire-rimmed glasses, he didn’t greet any of the other drivers and simply sat at the counter in my section.  He didn’t have much to say and ordered himself a cup of coffee and an egg salad sandwich before setting himself to reading a Field & Stream magazine in silence. Normally, the regulars were a friendly bunch and would strike up a conversation with a newcomer. But not today. Earl was a former Marine who’d served in Vietnam (his hat told me so) and he’d hardly looked up to acknowledge the stranger. Ronnie was the chattiest man in the diner and he hadn’t said more than three or four words to the men sitting on both sides of him. The atmosphere was off in here somehow.
I asked Nana about it after serving the new guy his sandwich and topping his coffee.
“Details are starting to come out about the bodies on the 80,” she said. “None of them come from the town they’ve been found in.”
It meant someone was driving them up and down the interstate and dumping them in dumpsters along the way.
“Do they think it’s the same killer?”
Nana gave a slight nod.
“Details about the bodies are pretty gruesome. And similar,” was all she said. She spared me the gore, but I guessed it wasn’t good by her reaction.
“So everyone’s nervous?”
She looked at me.
“They are and for good reason. You need to make sure you’re not walking to your car by yourself if you work late and keep that house locked up tight. Do you remember where I keep the shotgun?”
She kept a 12-gauge Winchester in the hall closet between our bedrooms and she’d shown me how to use it once when I was in middle school. More than likely, I’d just have to pick it up, try not to shoot myself, and try to scare off any would-be attacker with the threat of being shot and not a promise. More than likely, I’d blow a hole through my foot before anything else.
I glanced over the stainless steel counters Lou used to stack plates for us. The new guy was picking at his food and concentrating on his magazine. The rest of the diners talked in low voices and quietly went about their days. 
A few hours later I was sitting outside the backdoor that led into the diner’s kitchen. I’d gone outside for my break and to read some of the papers I’d copied the day before. What I ended up doing, however, was chatting with Camille on the diner’s cordless. Totally against company policy, of course
“I’m driving back tonight,” she had called me to say. I was outrageously happy to have a friendly face in town. Camille had been visiting her grandparents in Salt Lake City for a few weeks after school let out. I was excited to have her back but even though she was already two hours into the four hour trip, she was on the I-80 heading east and the thought of her being on the road with a serial killer was terrifying.
Camille took in in stride.
“I’m like a camel,” she said. “I never pee. And my gas tank’s fine. So don’t worry.”
She asked if I’d heard from Taylor and I told her I wasn’t interested in hearing from him for a long time. 
“Well, not that I’m stalking him or anything, but I saw his online status went to single really fast and there’s a picture of him with some girl hanging on him at a party. I’d bet you know her if you saw her.”
I asked Camille to describe what she remembered.
“Big boobs, that’s for sure. They were basically two threads away from escaping the tank top like a dam bursting,” she started and I begged her to skip to the face to save me the agony. “Oh, sandy blond hair. She had pink bangs and a lot of earrings.”
Ugh. Rebecca Stralgoe. We played pee wee soccer together when we were first graders and had found ourselves on the opposite of competition from that day forward. Junior soccer leagues. Summer swim teams. A brief stint on the debate team my freshman year. And now Taylor Whitely. Except I was pretty sure she could have him by this point. Whenever I decided to go snoop mode, I’d dig through her photo feed and find evidence of the two of them long before he had the balls to finally break it off with me.
“Lila Duncan is having a party at her house tomorrow night,” Camille interrupted my thoughts, thankfully. “What time do you get off?”
“I’m done at six.” I wasn’t sure I’d be in a mood to go to a house party. Lila and Camille went back a few years, but Lila was also close to Anabelle Parker and I’d rather not run into that group. Ever again, if possible.
“I’ll swing by at eight and get ready at your place.” She left no room for arguing and I relented. She’d just asked me what I was going to wear when I glanced up toward the setting sun and found Ernie standing a few feet in front of me.
“I…I,” I stammered a moment before getting it together. The look on his ghost face was a little scary and I wondered if he’d somehow turned into the same kind of spirit the bloody girl I saw last week was. “I need to get back, Camille. Call me when you get home tonight.”
I hung up the phone and stood up, expecting some sort of bad news or at the very least, a fright of some sort.
“What’s wrong?” I whispered. The door to the kitchen was open and the dishwasher, Albert, was close enough to hear me if he didn’t have earbuds in.
“Did you find anything out?” He cut right to the chase. 
I shook my head.
“Not yet, but I’m still reading as much as I can.”
“What about the non-boyfriend kid? Anything? Tell me he came up with something.”
Again, I shook my head and Ernie ran his hand through his hair and jammed it into his pocket.
“What is it? What’s wrong?”
“I don’t even know how to explain what I’m trying to say,” he faltered, looking for the right words. “But there are spirits around here that I’ve sensed before. More than the one you saw. I can’t tell how many because I can’t see them yet but I can hear them and they keep repeating themselves over and over again.”
“What are they saying?” The hair on my arms stood and gooseflesh pricked my skin.
“Your name,” he finally spoke. “They keep saying ‘July’ over and over again. I don’t know what to make out of it, but it’s creeping me out and I’m dead.”
* * *
Through sheer force of will and saying the Lord’s Prayer (what little I could remember of it from my vacation bible school days) over and over to myself I made it to the end of my shift. Lara came in five minutes late to relieve me. I had just finished wrapping silverware in the over-sized paper napkins and noticed her waving a younger guy over from the convenience store side of the building. She gave a quick glance around the diner.
“It’s in the back seat of my car,” she whispered a little too loudly. “It’s a case. You guys owe me twenty bucks.”
The guy nodded and headed out the front door, most likely to retrieve the beer Lara had bought for him and his buddies. He didn’t look 21 and she didn’t look like she minded buying for minors. The more I studied Lara in the few days she’d worked at the diner, the more I guessed she hadn’t quite moved on from high school—like she didn’t realize she was 24 and not some 18-year-old recent graduate. It was sort of sad.
“You good?” I asked and reached for my keys and wallet. 
“Yeah,” she said and turned around to grab an apron and a scratch pad for orders. She wasn’t one for small talk and I wasn’t one to stick around longer than I had to when I was the topic of ghostly spirit conversation. After saying goodnight to Nana, who promised to be behind me in an hour or so, I ran to Roberta and got out of the parking lot as quickly as I could.
I’d allowed myself to exhale when I got out of the parking lot and turned on to the access road. It was dark and no cars were in sight. My wallet was on my lap and the combination of the turn and the acceleration had caused it to slip to the passenger seat. I took my eyes off the road for a split second to reach across and grab it. Looking up, there was a woman in the road standing on the dashed line. I screamed and slammed my brakes, screeching to a halt about three feet from her.
In an instant I knew something wasn’t right. In my headlights, her skin was gray and sallow with smudges of dirt or worse. Her face was up and her eyes were looking right at me, except they weren’t. Like the girl before her, this one had blackened out eyes that gave no clue as to what she wanted or what state of mind she was in. Was she angry? Was she sad?
Her mouth opened slowly and I gripped the steering wheel so hard I thought my knuckles would pop through the paper thin skin over them. The muscles on her face twitched as though she were screaming, but no sound came. It wasn’t until a few seconds later that the high-pitched screech reached me, but it wasn’t through my ears.
I heard her scream ringing in my head and gripping my chest in a tight, ice cold fear that momentarily made it impossible for me to draw a breath. The car around me was silent.




Chapter Eleven

The girl’s voice was painful in my head and I squeezed my eyes shut and held my hand over my ears, even though it wouldn’t help. The pain in my head was excruciating, as though it was ripping my skull in two with the sheer decibel. Instincts finally kicked in and I jammed on the gas pedal without much thought to what happens when one runs a ghost over.
Out of the corner of my eye, I swear I saw the unclear outline of something large, very large and black, loping off into the dark. It was like some huge bear or dog, but way too big to be just a bear. Or a dog. I chanced a quick glance in that direction, but it was gone. Its smell remained, though, and that horrible evil smell was more powerful than ever. Combined with the banshee thing doing her best to bleed my eardrums, I was going to wreck the car if something didn’t change.
The apparition disappeared into a cloud of mist as I drove through her and I didn’t stop or slow down until I’d hit our driveway and even then, I ran as fast as I could to the front door. In my haste, I noticed our front porch light was working. Grateful as I was, I didn’t hesitate long and ran inside and locked the door behind me. I scooped Muffin up and held the squirmy dog close as the tears fell down my face and I struggled to control my breath.
To say I was terrified was a gross understatement and to this day, I’d never felt so alone or vulnerable. The world felt huge and scary and the people that I’d normally call to help me through were no longer part of my life or too busy for me at the moment. Well, that wasn’t fair. Nana would be here in a heartbeat if I needed her. I just didn’t need her to think I was losing my grip on reality. Stories of ghosts and screaming dead girls would probably land me heavily medicated somewhere with padded walls.
While I sat on the staircase gripping poor Muffin like my life depended on it, I hoped beyond reason that Ernie would make one of his smart-mouthed appearances to explain to me what had just happened. He never showed. Once the dog realized I wasn’t going to bribe her with beef jerky like Nana did, she clawed free and ran upstairs back to the bed she’d been sleeping on. I skipped the dark downstairs kitchen and went straight to my room to flip on the television just to hear background noise and hopefully start to drown out the chaotic panic in my head.
A few episodes of the Golden Girls had me in a better place and I relaxed enough to take my shoes off and pull out my laptop while I waited for Nana to come home. I wasn’t moving from my bed or daring to take a shower until she was home with me. With nothing else to do, I opened the computer and checked my page. It was empty. I clicked to Taylor’s and saw that he’d unfriended me in the past day. I’m sure he’d try to reason that it was best for us to take a break in every way possible, leaving out the part about a photo of him plastered on his timeline copping a feel on Rebecca. I rubbed my temples and did my best to keep from crying again.
To torture myself, I clicked over to my e-mail.
“Good lord,” I blew out a breath when I saw six unread e-mails from Renn.




To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
11:49 p.m.
Hey, let me know when you get this. 

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
1:45 a.m.
Are you home? We need to talk.
Please.

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
6:03 a.m.
Are you awake?

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
11:22 a.m.
You’re off today, right? If you don’t answer I’m coming
over. 

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
12:13 p.m.
You weren’t home. Where are you? 

To: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
From: kingwren33@linkmail.net
3:31 p.m.
At least let me know
you are still alive.
Please.

Not sure what to think about the e-mails I shut the laptop and buried my chin in my pillow, staring at the old headboard. Part of me wanted to write him back and open the door for communication. He’d hurt my feelings yesterday for sure, but he had a girlfriend and I knew it. Why was I acting like the jilted girlfriend? More importantly, so much had happened since I last saw him and it seemed to be getting more serious and a lot scarier. Even now, hours later, I couldn’t erase the apparitions scream from my memory. It was still there any time I dared to think about what I saw. I heard the shriek over and over again and maybe Renn could help me make sense of it or at least help me know what to do if it happened again. And then there was Ernie. I hadn’t even told him about my new buddy or the screaming apparition that wanted to make my eardrums bleed.
But, honestly, I’d been desperate to get an idea of what was going on. He was my only lifeline to sanity and it had really hurt my feelings being blown off like that.
 I didn’t feel like baring my freaked-out soul to him a second time just to have him do the hot-cold thing and drag me into whatever weird games he and Hannah played.
The gravel outside crunched as a car approached. I stuck my head out the side window and saw Nana’s truck pulling in. I doubt I’d ever been so happy to see another soul in my entire life. Now I could shower. And eat. And try to feel normal.
I glanced down at the laptop and popped it back open.

To: kingwren33@linkmail.net
From: giggles3398@mailbuddy.com
7:56 p.m.
I’m alive. Thanks for being an ass twice in 24 hours.
Well played.

Cuss words be damned, I was mad.
I met Nana at the bottom of the stairs as she came through the front door.
“Hey, thanks, Buttercup,” she said shutting the door.
“For what?”
She pointed outside to the porch light.
“For fixing that, I’d been meaning to for a few months now but never seem to find the time to make it over to Trudy’s.”
Looking from the porch to her and back again, I shook my head.
“Nana,” I said. “I didn’t do that.”
She didn’t seem nearly as shocked as I was and she shrugged with a laugh.
“Oh well. It’s an old house, sometimes the wiring goes out. Or maybe it fixed itself, I don’t know.”
* * *
It’d be a stretch to call what I did that night sleeping. Mostly I just tossed and turned and tried not to think about anything supernatural or remotely scary. I tried inventing episodes of my favorite Korean unicorn cartoons and I wrote myself into a storyline or two of the Golden Girls. I woke in a fog later than I usually did and didn’t have much time to do anything more than shower and go downstairs to find something to eat before it was time to think about getting back to work.
Funny how the little things in life kept going even if it seemed like the bigger things were coming apart at the hinges. Truckers still drove up and down interstates. Coffee pots still needed to be refilled and silverware bundles still needed wrapping.
It seemed like I spent the next five hours hovering a few inches above myself as I went through the motions at the diner. The shift was mercifully fast and quiet with no apparitions, no hauntings, and no dire warnings from the great beyond. 
Hanging up my apron on the first hook, I said hello to Virginia. I hadn’t seen her in what felt like a couple weeks.
“How are you, darlin?” She drawled with her raspy smoker’s voice. “You look awful.”
I couldn’t help but laugh.
“Thanks, Virginia,” I said. “I’m sure trying.”
Realizing her words, she put a warm hand on my shoulder and squeezed.
“You know what I mean, July. Are you doing ok these days? Is your grandmother working you too hard?”
If only it were that simple. 
“It’s not that,” I said. “It’s just—boy trouble, I guess.”
As a teenager, boy trouble always seemed like the safe route when throwing off adult’s concerns. As I’d hoped, Virginia nodded with a knowing grin.
“It does get easier,” she patted my back and grabbed a decaf coffee pot. “It takes a good decade or two, but they get easier. Trust me.”
I loved Virginia, but I seriously doubted that.
Before I left, I walked up the flight of stairs mostly concealed by huge cardboard boxes in the back. Nana’s office overlooked the large delivery warehouse where they stored the surplus for the store. Nana was in there, hunched over a spreadsheet crunching her numbers for the day.
“Was it a good day?” I asked as I rapped on the door a few times.
She looked up at me and smiled over the top of her reading glasses.
“Any day above ground is a good one for me.”
It was one of her favorite sayings and it always made me laugh.
“Camille’s back from Salt Lake City,” I said, sitting down beside her.
“Oh, that’s great. You’ve been moping around the house too much lately. It’ll do you good to get out and be a teenager for a while. Any plans this weekend? It’s a rare thing to get a Saturday and a Sunday off. Don’t spend them all in one place.”
She was being funny. Truth be told, I could have any day off I needed. I just never needed them.
“Not yet. I was thinking about going to a party tonight with her, though.”
It was my way of asking permission, although I rarely needed it with Nana. She’d always trusted me and so far, I’d earned it.
“That sounds like fun. Careful, though, Archie has one of his new deputies on duty this weekend and I’m sure the rookie would love nothing more than to bust a few teenagers burning a bonfire out in the tulie. Be safe.”
She’d had to explain tulie to me. Twice. It was a strange word for a bonfire, but this was Wyoming and she’d make a native speaker out of me if it killed us both.
There wasn’t a whole lot of crime to curb in Shades, so the local sheriff department had to dig deep to serve the public. Busting the high school bonfires outside of town must have become a department priority the past few months.
“Are you coming home later?” I asked, even though I saw her overnight bag on a shelf in the corner.
“I doubt it,” she sighed. “We’re starting inventory tomorrow, bright and early. I’ve got to be up at three in the morning, I might as well sleep the time it’d take to drive here. Will you be alright?”
“I will. Maybe Camille will stay over this weekend and keep me company while you’re doing inventory.”
Nana liked the idea.
“If you get bored, you could always come count candy bars for me.”
I laughed and backed away before she gave the idea any merit. Over the summers I’d spent with her, I counted more inventory than any one person should ever have to. And since my mom had made dumping me in Nana’s guest room every summer since I was 12, I had plenty of practice.
Inventory week gave me hives.
Twenty minutes later, I was pulling into the driveway and grinned when I saw Camille’s Prius already parked in my spot. It wasn’t even half past six yet. She sat curled on my front steps staring at her smartphone, furiously tapping away at it.
I got out of Roberta and ran the few short steps toward her, giving her a bear hug. 
“I missed you!” Camille squealed, squeezing most of the air from my body. She was one of those lucky girls, I’d gotten used to being around but never being. Long, tall, and skinny. 
Camille held up a handful of clothing on hangers.
“I brought party clothes! Let’s go try some on.”
With Camille around, I was beginning to feel normal again. And normal felt really, really good.




Chapter Twelve

Getting ready with Camille was almost a party in itself. We played her Korean pop play list almost as loud as it would go just in case the Tillmans had any notion of going to bed early. 
It was a silly obsession, but I loved it and I was learning more Korean than any textbook could have taught me.
Camille finally decided on wearing a pair of ultra-short pink shorts with a lemon yellow top that hung just above her belly button. It was a perfect look for her and her long, lean body.
I’d faltered back and forth between a comfy pair of denim Capri pants I loved (which Camille called “golf pants”) and a maxi skirt with a tank top (she’d called that the “new mom in Hollywood” look). Just as I was about to throw my hands up in frustration and tell her I was staying home for the night, she persuaded me to try on a little strappy sundress with a purple and orange tribal print. It hung to the middle of my thighs and was a lot shorter than what I normally wore.
“Live a little,” she persisted. “You can dress like a house mouse when you get to college.”
I tried it on with my strappy brown sandals and smiled a little. It was soft and flowing enough that I didn’t feel like it was a second skin, but it was also really much more stylish and girly than anything I ever wore. I pulled my hair out of the permanent messy bun I kept it in and let Camille attack me with her micro mist hairspray her cousins in Seoul send her. In no time I’d gone from slob to wavy haired mystery girl most of our classmates probably wouldn’t recognize.
As we puckered and pouted or way through makeup in the mirror, I caught her up on Renn. Sort of. I kept out the ghost thing and made it sound more like I’d just klutzed my way onto his radar. It made the past few days seem much shallower than I’d thought they were. It’d been intense on my end, but maybe it was all because I’d been so scared.
Part of me wanted to confide in her about Ernie and the dead girls, but I still wasn’t convinced anyone would believe me.
 Renn believed me, but that hadn’t worked out so well.
A little past nine, I was buckling myself into Camille’s Prius and chatting nervously about how much I hoped I didn’t run into Annabelle again.
“Lila’s cool,” Camille had reiterated the fact more than once as we drove. “She won’t let any drama ruin her party.”
I didn’t feel reassured. The local kids were a tight crowd that obviously didn’t like to welcome outsiders. 
It was a ten minute drive to Lila’s neighborhood and when we finally pulled into her driveway, I could hear bass thumping from the stereo inside. There weren’t many cars parked in the cul de sac and I worried we were too early.
“It’s summer,” Camille said, getting out of the car. “Most everyone is gone anyway. This is probably it.”
That wasn’t reassuring.
Lila’s house was big by Shades standards. I think I’d heard her dad was a dean at the local community college and the house fit the bill. Two story colonial with the obligatory four white columns out front. Pruned hedges that were cared for, but slightly wilted and brown along the bottom. I guessed they only paid for a gardener every other week.
Falling in step behind Camille, I walked through the front door and hid out of view the best I could until Camille found us a safe landing spot where we could try to look like we fit in. 
Lila eventually found us, not long after I’d introduced myself to the chips and onion dip. I loved onion dip, even the nasty cheap stuff at the grocery store that comes in the dented plastic tub.  I’d put it on everything if I never had to speak to another human being ever again.
“Hey Camille,” Lila chirped when she walked up. I had one hand on a chip and one hand guiding it in my mouth. I sort of waggled my eyebrows at her in a sort of lazy greeting. “And…hey, July.”
A guy with an extra tight t-shirt and extra thick black spectacles walked up behind Lila and pinched her butt. Boyfriend, obviously.
“Guys, this is Cameron,” Lila said waving an introductory hand at us. “He’s home for the summer.”
I nodded and Camille struck up a conversation about Central Wyoming Community College. She’s a master conversation maker—I knew for a fact she had a scholarship at Michigan State to study engineering lined up and had no real interest in a community college.
Cameron yammered on and on about his media studies classes and I jammed my hands into the chips for a second helping. 
I didn’t hear her come up behind me, but I sure heard her once she arrived.
“You and I need to talk.”
I slowly pried myself from the dip and turned around.
Hannah Lewis stood there with her hands balled into tight fists which were jammed into her hips. I swallowed whatever dip I’d managed to shove in my mouth and set the chips in my hand on the table. I slowly wiped my hands on the back of my dress and narrowed my eyes at her. Each time I moved my mouth, Hannah’s words were distorted by the loud crunching of the chips. I wondered if she could hear it, too. This wasn’t how I imagined our showdown would happen. At all. I’d expected it to be ugly, but I’d hoped for something more dignified than being cornered with a mouth full of greasy food in my mouth. Damn.
My heart was beating in my ears so instead of replying, all I managed was a sort of cocky-looking shoulder shrug. I really didn’t mean to go the cocky route. I was terrified.
Hannah narrowed her eyes and did this mouse-face thing where her lips scrunched up to nearly meet her nose. I think she was mad and when she reached out and slapped the left side of my face, I was certain she was.
My eyes watered to the point that if I blinked, tears would fall and that wouldn’t do at all, so I stood there on shaky legs, unable to speak, and unable to really see all that well. I really hoped she’d gotten what she came for because I wasn’t sure I could handle another one.
“That’s for being a slut,” she hissed it at me.
“A slut?” I finally found my voice. “How am I a slut?”
I hated that word so much and to hear it thrown at me jarred me out of my self-pity a little.
“Messing around with other people’s boyfriends,” she was yelling now and everyone had stopped talking. I could see the tops of heads poking in the doorway to get a better look at the fight about to happen. “You think I don’t know that was you with Renn at the coffee shop? You think I don’t know that you’re behind this break we’re on now? You’re a damn whore!”
She used her freakishly long fingers to make the air quotes around the word break. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a dark haired flash and realized Camille had just arrived at a full sprint. At first I thought Camille meant to go pro linebacker on Hannah and tackle her but at the last minute, she aimed her hands for center of Hannah’s chest and the girl just about flew through the kitchen door into the living room. She hit her head pretty hard on the door frame and slid to the ground looking sad and pitiful and confused. She was crying now, too, and it made the situation all the uglier.
“Keep your hands off her, Lewis,” Camille stood over Hannah in some feral show of dominance, arm back ready to throw a right and end the disturbance right then and there. “I’ll kick your ass just like always. Please, move. I want you to.”
I never realized how terrifying my best friend was. She was tall and muscular and obviously kept a store of pent up rage for Hannah Lewis that I’d never known about.
“This is between July and me,” Hannah’s voice. “He told me it was her. She was the girl on the back of his bike and in the coffee shop.”
“You want to know why your boyfriend left you? Maybe he heard about you and Aidan Stewart at the bonfire last weekend,” Camille was yelling now, too. The crowd murmured in surprise at the gossip. Hannah wilted and the slightest intake of breath gave her away. “Didn’t know the whole town was talking about seeing you in the backseat of his car? We all heard about it, so you ought to think twice before tossing the word ‘slut’ around.”
Annabelle walked in at that moment and saw her own best friend on the floor with an enraged half-Korean, half-Paiute warrior goddess standing over her. Annabelle shot me a withering look that held promise of more to come, but she was smart and didn’t say anything. Camille took a step back and let Annabelle pull Hannah to her feet. The party was obviously over for them and as they walked out Hannah looked back over her shoulder at me. I’m lucky I didn’t believe in curses because there was definite evil shooting from her eyes.
“Bitch,” she said and that was that. They left and moments later, the party resumed like the war of the Amazons had never taken place inches from the food table at all. I needed to sit down.
I found the back door and walked outside, sitting on the family’s wicker patio chair. It was pink with chintz rose cushions and all sorts of ugly. 
“You okay?” Camille came up and sat next to me. I nodded.
“That was embarrassing.”
“For her,” she said. “We just raised your stock a few points. You’re the mysterious girl on the back of an older guy’s bike. You’re the mysterious girl the perfect Hannah Lewis got dumped for.”
I smiled at that. It wasn’t exactly right and the truth was much less romantic, but still. It made me feel better.
“She’s going to make my life hell next year,” I sighed. 
“Nah,” Camille shook her head. “I’ll knock out a tooth or two and she’ll forget all about you. You ready to go back in?”
I wasn’t, but I lied and told her I was. Coming to the party in the first place was starting to feel like a mistake, but if I’d stayed home, I guess I’d be tormenting myself with ex-boyfriends, both Hannah’s and my own, the supernatural, and dead bodies along the I-80. A little girl drama never hurt anyone, I guess.
Camille got back to her social butterfly ways and I sat on a sofa in the living room half paying attention to a mixed martial arts fight and half listening to Cameron and his roommate go on and on about college parties and how great they were. I realized at that moment how lame they really were to be relegated to a high school party. And Cameron to have a high school girlfriend when he was just a few months shy of being old enough to go to bars.
Mercifully, Camille appeared sometime after eleven and motioned for me. A dark haired boy I’d never seen before hovered nearby. I didn’t recognize him.
“This is Lila’s cousin Dane,” she said by way of introduction. I shook his hand and he smiled uncomfortably. I knew what was coming next.
“You’re not staying at my house, are you?”
She grinned sheepishly. 
“We’re going to get something to eat at the Denny’s and see what happens from there,” she said with a shrug. “I may end up staying here with Lila.”
Yeah, Lila. Right. 
“Okay,” I said, eager to get home anyway. “Who’s taking me home?”
“We are,” Camille said and waved her finger between herself and Dane.
The ride home was quiet for me. Dane and Camille talked about Michigan State (he went to Tech) and surviving winters there. I sat in the backseat despite Dane’s good-natured protests and all the usual chivalry nonsense. I was in my own world in the backseat replaying that awful scene with Hannah over and over in my head when Camille pulled into my drive way.
“My, my, my,” she said in a singsong voice. I leaned forward to see what she was talking about. “Looks like I’m not the only one who won’t be sleeping much tonight.”
I squinted and finally saw what she did. Renn was sitting on Nana’s steps. He put down the phone he’d been messing with, put it in his pocket and stood up to walk toward the car.




Chapter Thirteen

In Camille’s retreating headlights, Renn looked awful. Hard to imagine but his eyes were sunken with dark grey circles. His hair was everything but pulled back and sort of stuck up here and there but mostly fell in his face. He wore wrinkled jeans and a stained Doors t-shirt. 
He took a couple steps forward, toward the edge of the light from the front porch. It took me a moment but when I looked from Renn to the light and back again, it hit me.
“You fixed my light, didn’t you?”
It sounded more of an accusation than a question, but he nodded. Figures.
“I’ve been trying to talk to you for three days, July,” he finally said. His voice was rough, like he was coming down with a cold. I had a feeling he was going to try to make the fact that he blew me off less insulting, but I didn’t want him to.
“I really don’t care,” I put my hand up, stopping him. “I can’t handle any more drama between you and your girlfriend. I spend all this time feeling weird like I’m doing something wrong and you treat me like I am doing something wrong. Your idiot girlfriend attacks me at the first party of the summer, and now you want to talk?”
His eyes jumped up to meet mine when I mentioned Hannah.
“Yeah,” I said with a little emphasis and turning my swollen cheek toward him. “She tried to knock my face off tonight blaming me for whatever drama you guys are having. I don’t want to be that person, Renn. I never signed up to be that person.”
Dammit. 
I was crying. 
I closed my eyes as Renn looked up at the night sky helplessly. I’d just stand there for a second or two and let the tears fall where they may and then I could be mad again and I could tell this maddening boy to go home and never come back.
He moved without a sound and before I knew what was happening, he’d wrapped his arms around me and pulled me into the tightest hug I could remember. I jerked in surprise and opened my eyes, but instead of pushing him away, I kept my hands between us and put them on his chest, dipping my forehead down to his chest and blowing out a breath.
He smelled spicy. Like a giant, leaf-covered, rainy day spice. He cupped the back of my head with one hand and wrapped his free arm around my waist and pulled me against him.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered into my hair. “I didn’t want any of this to happen.”
Suddenly, I believed Renn. Not only did he look particularly tortured tonight, he seemed too upset and bothered by my reaction to be playing games. I hoped so anyway.
When I finally pulled free and he let me go, he put both of his hands on my face and tilted it up to him under the light.
“What did Hannah do?”
Giving him the condensed version of the night’s fun, I tried not to look him in the eye as he studied my face like a scientist studies a specimen. 
“What are you looking at?” I finally asked. Had she burst some blood vessel rendering my face paralyzed or something?
“You.”
I met his eyes at the wrong moment and we locked gazes. I felt paralyzed and like I was watching the scene play out from a distance and not as an active participant. His grip on my face tightened slightly and my heart started pounding again as he pulled me forward while he leaned toward me.
Centimeters from what could have been the greatest kiss of my imaginative short life, a torrential summer downpour opened up on top of us.
The spell was broken and I grabbed Renn’s hand, pulling him to the door where I let us in and locked the door behind him.
I had so much to say and nowhere to begin. Thankfully, he went first.
“I shouldn’t have blown you off, July,” he began. “I feel terrible.”
“Why did you do it? Why did you make plans with me just to break them?”
 I remembered the feeling of walking across the parking lot pretending that I was perfectly okay. I remember that I wasn’t perfectly okay.
“I had every intention of keeping our plan and looking for some answers,” he faltered a bit and used one thumb to chip at the nail bed of the other. My cuticles hurt just watching him. “But she showed up and was crying and said that I was blowing her off lately and making her look stupid in front of everyone. I couldn’t get rid of her in good conscience and to be honest, I felt a little guilty.”
That wasn’t fair.
“Why would you feel guilty? We haven’t done anything wrong.” I admit it, I was defensive.
Renn nodded.
“You’re right,” he said. “But I realized how much more excited I was at the thought of spending the afternoon in a stack of books with you than taking her to another party and it was wrong. I felt awful about it. I couldn’t keep it up.”
“So you blew me off?” 
He paused and took a deep breath.
“She’s the girlfriend,” he said with a hint of sadness. “You choose the girlfriend over the girl who sees ghosts when it comes down to it.”
I didn’t like the way that sounded. I know in this case I’d much rather be the girlfriend than the girl who sees ghosts any day, especially with a boy like Renn.
The thought slipped through before I could stop it. A boy like Renn? He wasn’t really my type. And still…
“If she’s still your girlfriend, why did she slap me? Why are you even here?”
My voice was rising and I sounded like a jilted lover. I kind of felt like one, too. 
“She’s not,” he corrected himself. “We’re on a…a…break for now.”
A break. 
That sounded nice and confusing. And freakin’ familiar. My stomach soured a bit at the realization that he was a break kind of guy.
 “I never asked for you to be my new boyfriend. Not once. I thought you and I shared a mutual interest and that was the beginning and end of it. Why did it go beyond that? Why am I standing here feeling like I’ve done something wrong? If I wanted to talk to someone who doesn’t know what he wants, I could call up my ex-boyfriend and listen to him go back and forth between me and this new found sense of freedom. But I don’t need that.”
What I said was mostly true, even if I did feel a little for him, it was obvious that it was inconvenient for him and it was time that he and I moved past this and on to more practical matters. Like ghosts.
“Its fine, Renn,” I said for emphasis. “Really. I’m not this fragile little creature you need to feel sorry for. I’m not looking to take Hannah’s place and fill a vacancy in your social life while you figure out whether tall, gorgeous idiots are your type or not. I really, really, really just want to find some answers to what’s going on lately.”
Renn kept my gaze for a few long, painful moments and just as I thought my eyes would betray me and start the waterworks, he gave me a sad smile and nodded.
“You’re right, Sheriff,” he said and sat down at the table. “Tell me everything I’ve missed in the past few days.”
I grabbed a couple tea cups, put the kettle on, and did just that.




Chapter Fourteen

The bleating of the alarm clock shocked me out of a sound sleep and I found myself tangled in bed sheets and blankets as I hopped on one leg to hit the snooze button. I blinked at the bright red numbers and rubbed my eyes. Five in the morning. Awful. Renn had left just a few short hours ago and would be back here to pick me up. We had a long drive ahead of us.
I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t nervous in those last fifteen minutes before six a.m. He’d already stood me up in fantastic fashion. What was to stop him from doing it again after waking me up this early? I’d be the ultimate fool.
Renn had pity on me and I heard his bike coming up the driveway right on time. Stepping off his bike, he pulled the helmet free from his head and placed it on the motorcycle’s seat.
“Bad news,” he said and I braced for the worst. Hannah called last night? She’s crying again? I could only imagine what his bad news was. 
“It’s supposed to rain this afternoon.”
That was it? I could handle rain.
“So?”
He gave me a funny look and motioned to his motorcycle. Duh.
“Oh,” I said, making the connection. “Bikes, rain, no bueno.”
Renn smiled.
“Slow off the blocks in the morning, Sheriff?” He was teasing me and it was a great way to start the morning. 
“We can take Roberta.”
As soon as I announced to him that I’d named my car Roberta, I winced. Renn didn’t miss it and actually laughed at me.
“You named your car Roberta? Not Princess? Or Duchess?”
I gave him a pathetic shrug.
“I’m not much of a princess girl,” I said. “And she’s very much a Roberta. Middle aged. Sturdy. Kind of temperamental. And really good at driving through a shower.”
“Pretty sure I’m going to like Roberta,” Renn said walking to the passenger’s side. When he reached for the handle, I blanched and yelled for him to stop. His hand froze inches from the door and he looked at me like I’d grown a second head.
“I need one second before you get in!”
“That’s fine, I’m going to move my bike to a clearing right over there,” he said and pointed toward the woods next to the Tillmans. Good idea.
I raced through the driver’s side door and began stuffing papers and Dr Pepper cans and bottles of all shapes, sizes and level of decomposition into a reusable shopping bag I stole from Camille. 
It was amazing how much crap I could fit on the floor of my car.
“Sorry,” I apologized as I motioned for him to get in. I ran the bag of trash inside and put it on the counter. I’d take care of it when we got back. I left Nana a note telling her I was heading out to a friend’s ranch north of town and that I might be back late. I made a mental note to call her later when we were on the road. Hopefully, she was sleeping on that cot in her office and not still counting bags of salted peanuts. I searched the house one more time and put food in the bowl for Muffin. She was still asleep in Nana’s bed, the lazy freeloader. She’d let herself out through the doggie door when she got around to it. 
With the house locked and my backpack on, I did a final check for everything vital. Keys. Broken phone. Travel mug. Gorgeous passenger. 
Check, check, check and double check.
“Your car smells like coffee.”
I pulled the seatbelt across my shoulder and clicked.
“When Nana gave it to me, it smelled like Fritos. I think it’s an improvement. And it’s Dr Pepper, for your information. I don’t drink coffee.”
He shot me a raised eyebrow, probably remembering ordering me one at the Laundromat. I didn’t say anything.
We made a quick stop at the Sonic that played such a major role in our short friendship. The one he drove past Hannah with me on the back of his bike and the very same where I discovered him with Hannah after blowing me off. 
“I hate this stupid store,” I grumbled but ran inside and grabbed him a large coffee, me a super-sized soda and two stale glazed donuts. For good measure, because I read once that you should, I bought a couple bottled waters and some granola bars. Just in case Roberta quit on me somewhere out of town.
The sun was rising as we headed out of town and rode in relative silence. On my part, it was mostly due to early morning shell shock. I can’t say what Renn’s deal was. Maybe he hated mornings, too.
“What town does your uncle live in?”
Renn was looking out the window and my question broke the spell.
“No town,” he said. “They live on some ranch land in the middle of nowhere. A couple of my aunt’s relatives have trailers on their land, too. They’re far enough out there that my aunt homeschooled my cousin Skye and a couple other kids. Skye’s sixteen now, so he does his own online classes. I’m pretty sure he’s already earning college credit.”
“Sounds like a smart kid,” I said. “Are you going to college in the fall?”
He shook his head.
“Not yet. I’m looking into some, uh, training with Coyote.”
The way he’d hesitated was strange. I couldn’t help myself.
“What sort of training? Vocational?”
“You could say that.”
Renn didn’t offer anymore and I got the impression that I should stop pressing.
“What about you?” He steered it back to me.
“I’m supposed to graduate in December,” I said. “I’d planned on going back to Denver to go to Tech with my friends.”
“But?”
I shrugged.
“I don’t know. I’m not sure I fit in there anymore,” I said. “And who wants to follow their ex-boyfriend around and watch him moon over sorority girls? Sounds awful to me.”
“So what would you do? Stick around Shades and graduate with everyone else?”
“No thanks,” I said, shaking my head. I had no intention of sticking around Hannah and Annabelle any longer than I had to. “Not sure what I’ll do. I was supposed to go to school with Taylor but that’s probably not an option at this point. Maybe head to Michigan with Camille? Study journalism and join a sorority with her?”
Without meaning to, I immediately made a face. Nothing against Camille but that life wasn’t for me. Renn was looking out the window again so I let him be. It didn’t take long for him to break the silence again.
“Have you seen your ghost friend lately?”
“Ernie? No. Not for a couple days. Thursday night, I think. He had a strange warning for me.”
Renn sat up.
“What did he say?”
“It made no sense. He said the wind was talking or something. Like the ghosts were saying my name. I’m not sure that he’s all there.”
I laughed at my own joke. Alone.
“Not funny?” 
Renn managed a weak smile but something was bothering him.
“What is it? What did I say? I wouldn’t let what a spaced-out spirit says freak you out. It didn’t even make sense. The wind doesn’t talk.”
“Lots of stuff talks,” he said quickly. “Not everyone can hear it. Or not everyone listens.”
“Well that’s nice and cryptic,” I said. “What on earth does it mean?”
His eyes were watching the distance and it took him a while to answer. He fidgeted in his seat and blew out what sounded like a frustrated breath. What was going on?
“I’ll explain it better when we get to Coyote’s,” he finally said. “I’d just botch it up and confuse you even more—I’m still learning so much of this myself.”
With that, he jabbed at the radio and scanned for any station he could find. He settled on some adult alternative station and Maroon 5 kept us company down the road.
A few songs later, he switched it off and began directing me off the highway. We weren’t too far away from Shades, but the landscape had slowly changed. More trees lined the distance and at the far edge of the valley were the base of some fairly impressive hills. Or small mountains. I wasn’t entirely sure.
As we drove down a small hill, I followed the line of a snaking river make its way across the horizon.
“We call this Yellowbelly River,” Renn offered, as though reading my mind. “Unofficial name. I’m sure a map would call it something else, but that’s what the locals call it.”
“Because it snakes across the valley?”
“Nope,” he said. “Because of all the Yellowbellies down there. My cousin and I used to chase them all summer and give my aunt heart attacks by bringing them home.”
Snakes. No thank you.
Renn must have seen my face.
“You’re scared of snakes?” He was smiling. “But not ghosts?”
“I don’t have a choice with the ghosts. I have more of a choice when it comes to the snakes.”
A few turns at an old mailbox and a busted cattle guard, one bumpy ride over a dilapidated wooden bridge, and several swerves to avoid overgrown brush and we were there. Coyote’s place.
I followed the long gravel drive toward the big ranch house. There were several vehicles parked out front at odd angles—a couple pickups (one with no wheels and four cinder blocks holding it up), an old Honda civic with a missing back window, two ATVs, and a boat on a trailer. The house was surrounded by a wraparound porch that held rocking chairs, half-done wooden stump carvings, and more tools than I’d ever seen in one place.
“Coyote used to be a mechanic,” Renn offered by way of explanation. I nodded and got out of the car. Suddenly really nervous, and rethinking what it was I was doing out here, I walked behind Renn as he made his way to the house. As we neared the front door, it burst open and a teenage boy came running out. He was tall and lanky, though not quite as tall as Renn. I guessed it was Skye. They gave each other a short, manly-type hug that consisted mostly of clapping each other on the back and then sort of shoving back and forth. It went on for a bit and then Skye looked at me. And then back at Renn. His expression was hard to read and just as I considered jumping back in my car and going home, he smiled.
“You must be the Sheriff,” he said and shook my head. I shot a look a Renn. He just smiled.
“I’m July,” I said. “It’s nice to meet you.”
We stood outside in the morning sun a little while longer while they made small talk.
“Mom’s just gone out to the grocery store,” Skye explained. “Dad’s gone to the back of the property to check on one of the cows. They heard coyotes last night.”
Coyote tracking coyotes? Was I the only one who found it funny? Obviously I was, so I bit the inside of my cheek to keep from smiling.
“Where’ve you been lately, cousin?” Skye thumped Renn in the bicep. Renn shrugged.
“Shades. Couple things keeping me busy. I meant to come back sooner,” he said.
Renn was fidgeting with the hem on his t-shirt. Maybe he was hoping I’d miss the fact that he hadn’t been out here in a while—even though he told me a few days ago he couldn’t meet up with me because he needed to help his aunt out. I didn’t miss it.
Behind us, the whine of a loud ATV grew closer. Skye took a look at me and gave me a smile I couldn’t quite read. Was it sympathy? Was it at my expense?
A large man on a small yellow four wheeler came into view. He was wearing a brown t-shirt and camouflage hunting pants with a huge Bowie knife strapped to his waist. He pulled up right in front of Renn and dismounted, casting a glance from Renn to me and back again. Coyote wasn’t as tall as Renn, but his shoulders were square and broad. He looked strong and agile—like he kept himself in shape. His hair was black and hung in his eyes.
I hoped I was making a good impression.
“Who is she,” he said to Renn, indicating me. “And what the hell is she doing here?”
Obviously, I wasn’t.




Chapter Fifteen

Damn.
Renn’s face fell and I wondered if he regretted bringing me here. Coyote was making it awkward to say the least, and I hated awkward.
“My name is July,” I said and I shoved my hand forward toward him. At best, he’d give me a begrudging shake. At worst, he’d kick me off his property and if he did, it was a relief that I’d driven my own car and wouldn’t have to bum a ride back to Shades. Coyote’s tanned skin was lined around the eyes and I held my breath while he studied me. Seconds dragged out and I was pretty convinced he was going to turn his back on me. 
Finally, his giant hand swallowed up mine and he gave my arm a fierce tug. I heard Renn exhale beside me and as he followed his uncle and his cousin into the house, I shook out my throbbing hand. His handshake had been just shy of bone cracking. 
I hesitated. Was I allowed to follow? Could this morning get any more confusing?
Renn turned around at the top step and gave me a bewildered look.
“Aren’t you coming?” He looked at me like I was crazy for standing in the drive. Like the past minute and a half hadn’t just happened.
With a shrug, I followed. I was convinced that today was going to be strangest day of my life.
I ducked into the house and had to take a second to adjust to the dim lighting and find Renn. He’d disappeared. The inside of Coyote’s house was the exact opposite of the outside. Inside was clean and organized and open, with plenty of legroom and none of the cluttered tools or engines that sat on the porch. Maybe his wife had staked her claim on the inside and forced all of Coyote’s stuff outside. Maybe I was going to like Coyote’s wife more than I liked Coyote himself.
“Sit down.”
I was admiring the view of the valley through huge open windows when Renn cleared his throat. Coyote had been talking to me.
“Oh. Sorry.”
I grabbed a chair at the table they’d already been seated at. I tried to act normal, but I was sure my heart was beating so loud everyone seated would be able to hear it. It wasn’t every day that somebody disliked me before meeting me.  
“What does she know?” 
Coyote was a man who got straight to the point. 
“Nothing,” Renn said and looked at me. Was I supposed to confirm? Deny? I shrugged at him, suddenly feeling very unprepared. He could have warned me his uncle was going to put me through a ringer.
“But you think she should know something?” Coyote was talking Renn again. 
“She’s different,” Renn said. “She sees things.”
Coyote looked straight at me.
“What are you seeing?”
He was going to think I was crazy. Some crazy, slack-jawed teenager just trying to find excuses to hang out with his nephew.
“Spirits.”
There it was. It was out. Coyote and I held eye contact in a strange staring contest that stretched longer than necessary. Beside me, I heard Renn blow out a long breath and across from him, Skye fidgeted in his chair. But Coyote and I kept at it. He was reading me, it seemed, and while I had no idea what I was looking for in his dark brown eyes, I refused to look away. He’d already tried to intimidate me earlier and I was just going to keep meeting him head on each time he tried. 
Something about getting slapped across the face at a party full of people makes a girl reconsider being everyone’s doormat. For that, at least, I was grateful for Hannah Lewis’ wrong assumptions of me.
“How do you know what you’re seeing? How do you know it’s not your imagination?” Coyote got up and went to a cooler in the kitchen. He pulled out four bottles of water and passed them out when he returned to the table. I took it as a good sign.
“I wish it were my imagination,” I said. “And the first one, a week or so ago, I tried to convince myself that’s all it was. But it happened again. And when one let forth this supersonic screech that nearly shattered my windshield, I figured what I was seeing was real. Or what I was hearing at least—the ringing in my ears lasted three days.”
Coyote looked at Renn who nodded.
“And you?”
“I was there with some friends the first night,” Renn said. “I would have thought she was just some clumsy girl who tripped over her own feet, but there was something in the air before we even got inside. And a bobcat.”
Coyote raised his eyebrows at Renn and Renn shook his head.
“Not yet,” Renn said. “But I couldn’t ignore the feeling. It wasn’t a good one. And right after that July has a panic attack and looks like she’s seen a ghost.”
“I did see a ghost,” I blurted out a little too quickly. 
“This spirit didn’t say anything to you?” Coyote didn’t seem nearly as judgmental as he did a moment ago. I relaxed a little in my chair.
“No,” I shook my head. “She didn’t show her face right away and when she did, she had blood coming out of her eyes and her mouth.”
The memory of the thin, crimson rivulets against her ivory face made my stomach clench. It was a quick wave of panic and thankfully it was gone in the next breath.
“I’ve seen three so far. One was bleeding out of her face. One did the harpy shriek thing as I drove through her on the highway, and one is a pain in the ass.”
Renn snorted. It was cute, really. He tried to cover his mouth and make it sound like a cough, but I knew it and the other two men at the table knew he’d just laughed. Coyote raised his eyebrows at me much like he had at Renn. It was my cue to continue.
“His name is Ernie. He comes and goes and scares the bejeezus out of me,” I said. “Mostly he makes fun of me and all my teenage drama, but he told me two days ago that I needed to hurry and figure out what’s got the spirits in a tizzy because he keeps hearing my name on the wind and not in a good way.”
Skye sat up and looked at his dad. Coyote played it a little cooler but he still ran his hand over his mouth.
“What else do you know about this Ernie?”
“He comes and goes so quickly, I have no clue about who he is,” I said. “Or was. He’s dressed like my grandfather in the pictures of him and Nana before they were married. I’m guessing he’s from the 40s or 50s. He’s shown up in my room and he’s been at the diner a couple times.”
Renn put his hand on the back of my chair and let his thumb touch the center of my back. I could have sat forward to give him space, but I didn’t. My skin tingled as his thumb sat on the bare skin on my back just above the tank top. He didn’t seem in a rush to move his hand, either, so I pretended I didn’t notice.
“Tell him about the smell,” he said in a soft voice.
I did my best to explain it. Part rotting garbage, part decayed road kill—all atrocious. I told him where I’d encountered it and how it seemed to dissipate whenever Nana came home or when Renn showed up. I felt like it sounded sillier than me seeing ghosts. Who fears a smell?
“I went to the library in Shades and got a few books about mythical monsters and legends in the area,” I said. “I couldn’t find a perfect match, but something called skinwalkers, some crazy baby-eating giants, and an evil shaman from the Civil War era had bad smells listed with them. I haven’t really looked into much, though. It seemed crazy.”
“What do you think?” Coyote was talking to Renn, who bit his lower lip and looked blankly out the window.
“It’s a mess. The messages are so loud, but none of them are clear. I don’t understand what they’re saying, only that they’re upset. Or scared. I can’t tell.”
Renn ran his hand through his hair.
“It’s not your fault,” Coyote said. “You’re just not there yet.”
All this private-conversation was getting confusing.
“Not where?” I looked at Renn and waited for an answer. Coyote spoke first.
“It’s not skinwalkers,” he said standing again, though this time he went to a huge wooden bookshelf in the living room and returned with a book. It looked just like the books stamped “reference only” at the Shades library. Expensive. Rare.
Coyote flipped through the delicate book and I took in for the first time how rare it really was. The book was mostly handwritten and illustrated from what I could see—and much of the text was a language I couldn’t read.
 Placing the book in front of me, I saw a rough sketch of a nasty looking dog thing.
“Skinwalker?” I was asking the obvious.
“Skinwalkers are part of the Navajo legend,” Coyote said. “It would have no power this far North and no reason to skulk around scaring people that it has no ties to. Creatures like this need people or land to draw power from and a skinwalker doesn’t belong here. It’d die out faster than it could regenerate.”
I skimmed the passage briefly. Skinwalkers were shape shifters. Used animal pelts and the magic it drained from people’s fears to change forms. It also carried a bad smell, but the farthest North any report of a skinwalker had been sighted was southern Colorado.
Coyote and Skye had stood and were walking to the door.
“We need to shut the pens,” Coyote said to Renn. “Catch her up and we’ll go from there when I get back.”
Renn didn’t exactly look happy at the prospect of being left behind with me. The door clicked softly behind his uncle and his cousin and Renn still didn’t move. His fingers tapped out an erratic beat on the smooth wooden table. We spent a solid minute in silence while his eyes bored into the table and mine into the side of his skull.
“Are you really going to make me beg for answers?”
I was never good at the quiet game.
“It’s so complicated, July,” he said quietly, barely above a whisper. “It was so much easier when you were just the cute waitress at the diner. This is dangerous.”
“What was so much easier? I’m so confused. Do you see the ghosts, too? Does Coyote? Are they even ghosts?”
Renn took a deep breath and finally turned to face me. His face was hard to read but I swore I saw sadness in those gorgeous eyes. Why was he sad? I asked him.
“I’m not sad. It’s not sadness. It’s more like regret.”
That stung a little.
“You regret that we became friends? That you saw me that first night or that I’m here? You’re speaking in riddles and I don’t follow.”
Renn pushed himself up from the table and stood, staring out the window at the afternoon sun. Two large blackbirds landed in a tree outside the living room and hopped from branch to branch. Renn seemed to be studying them.
“My aunt’s coming home soon. She’s just turned down the drive.”
“How do you know?”
He flashed his grin and stood.
“Go for a walk with me? I have a lot of explaining to do.”
I put my hand in his and let him gently pull me out of my chair.




Chapter Sixteen

We walked silently among the small trees and thick bushes and he didn’t say anything. More than anything I wanted to break the silence. But I always broke the silence and for once I wanted Renn to say something that wasn’t prodded, poked, or forced from him. I wanted him to tell me what was going on.
I kept my eyes forward on the loose gravel path but tried to sneak glances at him as we walked. His eyes were forward and more than once, he ran his fingers through his hair.
“This is crazy, July,” he finally said. “This is so damn crazy that if I were you, I’d turn around, get in that car of yours and drive all the way to Denver. Stop in Shades long enough to grab your grandmother and then get the hell out, no looking back until you got back to your old life.”
He seemed sort of sad. I could hear it in his voice. A few months ago, that’d be all I ever wanted out of life—my old life back. The table my friends sat at every day for lunch for two and a half years, the same parties I’d gone to since I was a freshman, the college I’d planned to go to with Taylor, near three of my close friends. None of that was there anymore. 
“I wouldn’t have anything to go back to anyway.”
Renn’s eyes were on me. My cheeks warmed under the intensity of his gaze and I finally turned to face him when he stopped walking.
“When we first met, I wasn’t sure if you were brave or just really stupid,” he said. I frowned and considered a reply. But he went on. “But I knew right away you weren’t stupid. You’re really, really brave and you might be everything we’re looking for. Everything I’m looking for. But I wish you were just a stupid girl playing games.”
“You’ve said that already, Renn.” I was getting sick of him dropping “stupid girl” more than once in front of me.
“I know. I’m sorry.”
His hand pulled me along and we started walking again. The undergrowth grew thicker and greener and it wasn’t long until we reached a wide creek.
“Yellowbelly River?” I asked as I dug my heels in. I wasn’t moving forward until he could promise me there’d be no snakes.
“A very narrow portion,” he said and dragged me forward a few inches before my feet started moving on their own again. “And there might come a day when you miss the fact that your biggest fear was a venom-less snake.”
We got close to the fast-moving water and found a seat on a truck-sized flat rock. I jumped up, happy to be as far off the ground as possible, and Renn followed. I wrapped my arms around my knees and watched the bubbling water flow by.
I listened to him breathing. Despite the sound of rushing water, I could hear him drawing breath in and blowing it out slowly.
“I’m going to talk,” he finally said. “And I know you’re going to have questions before I finish my first sentence.”
I couldn’t argue that, so I shrugged and gave him a nod.
“But you need to let me just get this out, as crazy as it’s going to sound,” he said. “And then you can slap me or jump in that creek and swim your way home, or you can jump in your car and drive away as fast as you can and never talk to me again. But I need you to hear me out first. Okay?”
I nodded, unsure of what I was getting myself into and really nervous about what he was going to say. 
He started talking then. His eyes were out on the water watching the same creek drift by, but he seemed thousands of miles away. He stayed like that the entire time he talked, never turning to gauge my reaction.
“Have you ever heard of the Continental Divide?”
I nodded. I’d hiked it with my mom the summer after sixth grade. I was pretty sure my souvenir t-shirt was at the bottom of my closet at Nana’s house still.
“It’s more than a tourist attraction to most of the Western tribes. The divide causes rivers on one side of it to flow east and rivers on the other side to flow west with very little explanation in our physical geography books. It’s a gateway between physical and spiritual worlds for many of the first peoples. It’s powerful and often, it is power.
“My uncle and his friends have this theory that along the Continental Divide, the spirit world is stronger because whatever causes the rivers to choose their different courses along that boundary, also strengthens the other side. Shades is about 50 miles from the divide, so in his theory, we’re a target for things to happen. But I’ve never heard about ghosts wandering the town. Not until you showed up.”
Renn paused, looking across the water into a thick wall of brush. Moments later, two or three birds flew from the leaves skyward.
“My aunt’s home. She’s not happy with Coyote.”
“How do you know?”  
He took a deep breath and turned to look at me, like he was weighing something in his mind. Like he didn’t want to say what he said next.
“Animals,” he said. 
“You talk to them?” It wasn’t that I didn’t believe him, but it sounded a little silly. A little too Doctor Doolittle, maybe.
“Not like you think. I can’t get in their brains and hear what they’re thinking,” his eyes were back across the water, scanning. “But I can sense when the energy around them changes. I can tell how they’re feeling, I guess.”
“Moods?”
I didn’t mean to interrupt, but he nodded. Animal moods.
“It started about three years ago, right after my mom died. I’d always loved animals and felt super protective of our pets, but I mostly thought it was because my mom had loser boyfriends who treated all of us like crap—kicking dogs, throwing cats. Smacking me and my mom around. But when she died, I started sensing more. I understood more. Coyote realized what was happening and he’s been trying to help me.”
I’m sure a few weeks ago, I would have thought Renn was crazy. It sounded crazy. Animals were animals. They weren’t happy or mad or sad. But with everything that had been happening to me, it wasn’t crazy. Suddenly the world felt so much bigger, and a lot more mysterious, than it ever had.
“The reason Coyote seemed less than happy to have you here has nothing to do with you, really. There’s just something so much bigger than all of us that he’s protecting. All of that power along the divide is dangerous. Things sometimes cross the boundaries between the spirit and the physical worlds and the balance needs to be restored. That’s what Coyote does, along with a few others. They make sure that dark things stay in the dark where they belong.”
“Like a cult?”
That made him laugh. Renn shook his head.
“I like to call it the Old Man’s Club, but Coyote doesn’t appreciate it. It’s a group of shamans who know how to strengthen boundaries and bind whatever gets through. A bunch of old, grumpy men. A couple are Shoshone or Paiute, like Coyote. There’s a couple Navajo elders in Colorado and New Mexico. I’ve heard rumors of a Walla Walla medicine woman who specializes in demons up north and there’s even a Hopi who’s rumored to be able to shift into the form of a bear if there’s enough evil in the air. The council serve as guardians of the divide. Shamans.”
Guardians of the divide. It sounded great, but was it real? How could it be real?
“Are you a guardian, too? A shaman?”
“No,” he said. “I’ve done my best to ignore what I felt and what I heard. There hasn’t really been any reason for me to think about it. Not until now. Not until you.”
“Will you become one?”
Renn shrugged.
“I don’t know. I don’t know if I can help them much,” he said. “What good is knowing when the magpies are upset? I’d be out of place. Useless.”
It didn’t sound very useless to me. I’d trade communicating with beasts over seeing bloody ghosts any day.
“What can Coyote do?”
“I don’t really know for sure. I know he can communicate with the Spirit world, but not without help. Hallucinogenic help.”
“He has to get high on drugs?” It sounded ridiculous.
“Peyote. That’s part of the reason my aunt has such a problem. I guess up until a few months ago, Coyote’d been 12 years sober. She’s worried it’s just an excuse.”
“So your uncle can communicate with spirits with the help of drugs. You talk to animals. Someone in Hopi country shape shifts into a bear. What does any of this have to do with me? It all seems coincidental where I’m concerned.”
“I don’t think it is. Whatever got the dead restless likely came across the Divide,” Renn pushed himself off the rock and was facing me. “And it’s got the dead speaking your name. That’s never good. The dead aren’t supposed to have any connection to the physical realm—usually only the evil and the unsettled do. These ghosts you see, well, we’re not sure if they’re evil or just lost. But whatever’s stirring them up seems to be circling you for some reason. My guess is it’s trying to get a read on what you are. It might think you’re some sort of spirit, too, so it’s giving you room.”
“What happens when it realizes I’m not a spirit?”
“It depends on how evil it is and what benefit you might hold,” Renn said. “It’s got to be pretty powerful to cross to this world. Whatever it is, the fact that you’re involved makes it a lot more dangerous.”
I wish I had the chutzpah to act like it didn’t bother me—like I wasn’t scared silly. But my face made it painfully obvious I was scared out of my mind. Renn put his hand on my knee and squeezed. I hoped that I’d done a good enough job shaving that morning. Nothing worse than stubble patches at a time like this.
“I get the feeling your uncle’s not happy about you bringing me here,” I said. “Is he worried about evil following me to his home?”
A breeze pushed through the trees, making them sway side to side. A tendril of dark hair fell into Renn’s eyes as he looked at me and he didn’t move to brush it away. Without thinking, I reached forward and pushed it aside. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, leaving me wondering if I went too far. His hand was still on my knee, though, so I figured his face was fair game.
“Elders like Coyote, no matter what tribe they’re from, are really good at protecting their land. There are so many blessings and wards around his property that spirit intruders would more than likely disintegrate themselves before making it near Coyote and his family. I think it’s more about secrecy. No outsiders know about the council—except you. I think Coyote’s worried about how the other members will react when they realize you’re in the know.”
It made sense, Coyote’s reaction. Even his wife’s reactions to us being here made sense. But bringing me here in the first place? That made no sense and I asked Renn why he did it. He was cagey at first, pulling away from me and running his hand through his hair. He gave a sort of half-embarrassed smile as he stopped and started his answer twice.
 “It sounds crazy, July,” he said quietly, his eyes not meeting mine. “But I’d do anything to protect you.”
“But your family might…” I began to protest, but he cut me off.
“Anything.”



Chapter Seventeen

I followed Renn down the narrow path thinking about everything I’d just heard. He’d talked a lot about spirits and the spirit world. Things like animals and evil creatures and shamans. But not much was said about ghosts—the type of spirits that I seemed to know so well. Or who know me, rather.
The front door to Coyote’s house was wide open and Skye was sitting on the porch steps tapping away at a phone. He glanced up when he heard us coming.
“Might want to give them a few minutes,” he said, hitching his thumb in the direction of the open door. “She’s not happy that the business has been brought here.”
He gave me a pointed look and Renn rolled his eyes. I guess I was the business.
“I think I should probably leave,” I said. Coyote had offered enough unfriendly vibes for one day; I’d hate to meet an unhappy wife.
Renn’s grip tightened and he pulled me back from the step I’d started to take.
“No,” he said. “We’ll get through this, July. And then we’ll figure out what’s stalking Shades and we’ll deal with that, too. But I can’t protect you if you’re in a car speeding away from me. This is going to be fine. Aunt Lacey is going to love you once she’s done being mad at Coyote.”
“And you,” Skye said with a smirk. He was a funny kid, actually. I could see the resemblance between Renn and his younger cousin. Both had deep brown eyes set with a shrewd intensity, like they were sizing me up even in the midst of a joke. The same dark hair carelessly pushed out of their faces and the same nose. I didn’t remember Coyote’s features much. I wonder if he’s the common relative or if it was Lacey. 
Inside, I heard voices rising in anger and the entire situation bordered on really uncomfortable. As if sensing my doubts, Renn gave my hand a gentle tug and pulled me to stand in front of him. Without releasing my hand, he placed his free hand on my shoulder and I felt the warmth of his chest against my back. I froze at the intimate-feeling contact, confused by how quickly he’d changed from last night to today. It’s almost as if he were making his family think we were more than we actually were. He gave my shoulder a reassuring squeeze and my cheeks burned. Skye was watching us. Me, actually. His eyes were narrowed on me and I couldn’t help but think he was assessing my uncomfortable reaction to Renn’s behavior.
The tempest inside the house died down and moments later Coyote trailed behind the woman I assumed was his wife Lacey. She was tall and thin, much like her son, with long black hair pulled into a low braid on her back. She was pretty in an uncomplicated way—she wore no makeup that I could see and had on jeans and a Bob Marley t-shirt. Lacey moved quickly and was standing directly in front of me before I had a chance to brace myself.
But instead of the reception Coyote had given me, Lacey stuck her hand out and gave me a warm smile.
“Hello, July,” she said, shaking my hand in hers. “I’m really glad to meet you. I apologize for my bull-headed husband. Some dogs are too old to learn new tricks—or manners for that matter.”
I figured Coyote would argue with his wife but he sort of shrugged and shuffled his feet in the dirt.
Lacey looked over my shoulder at Renn.
“Is she all caught up?”
“She is,” Renn said, not breaking his hold on me.
“Great,” Lacey said, blowing out a long breath. She looked back at her husband with what looked like a warning glare. “Well, back inside you all go and figure out what’s going on.”
Lacey had her car keys in her back pocket and fished them out.
“I’m headed over to my mother’s,” she said as she headed back to her pickup truck. “She’s got a brisket she got on sale at the Safeway and she doesn’t want it to go bad.”
“I hate brisket,” Coyote complained as he stomped back up the steps. Skye laughed.
Instead of heading inside, though, we followed Coyote’s lead and found seats, or a railing, on the porch. He picked up a knife and a small piece of wood that was beginning to resemble a bear, or a moose maybe, and began carving at it with the blade. He worked while he talked.
“I think July’s guess might be right, but I’ll need to talk to the council,” he said, bypassing any lengthy segue back into discussing the paranormal. 
“Which guess?” I wasn’t sure.
 “Dzoavits,” he said without taking his eyes off the carving. “The child thieves.”
That didn’t sound good. I’d only skimmed the passage in the mythology book I’d borrowed and copied. I’d probably flunk any pop quiz Coyote threw at me at this point, so I was relieved when he went on.
“Ancient ones bound the last two in the Demon Caves near the Idaho line a long time ago,” he said, chipping away at what looked like a paw. “But it seems they got out.”
“Why were they called child thieves?” Renn asked the question before I could.
“Some said they stole spirits of children because they were pure and much more powerful,” Coyote said. “But there’s also rumors that they were cannibals and ate their victims. But we’ll never know for sure until we see them.”
I hated to sound stupid, but I hated being stupid a lot more.
“Will anyone be able to see them or only people who can see the spirit world?”
“When they begin to interact and interfere with the physical world, they can’t hide with the spirits. Before that, though, they can stay hidden to our eyes.”
“But what about the smell?” I crinkled my nose just remembering it. Gross. “It smelled rotten, like scary rotten. And it followed me home.”
“Evil can’t be concealed completely, no matter how much it wants to. Not many stories about smell around—skinwalkers, usually, but that’s because they shape shift using rotten pelts. I’m not sure why the dzoavits have the smell—some sort of death attached to them, maybe. We’re going to have to talk to the council today. They’re going to want to meet her.”
Her was me, and he didn’t sound like that was a good thing.
“A full council meeting?” Skye sounded amazed.
“No, this a Shoshone problem right now. Silas and Leonard from Fort Washakie can be here tomorrow. Maybe Uriah from Fort Hall, too. We’ll let them know what’s going on with her.”
Me again. 
“July,” I said before I could stop myself. I felt Renn tighten behind me. Skye’s eyes widened just enough for me to notice out of the corner of my eyes.
“What?” Coyote didn’t look up.
“You keep saying her like you forgot my name,” I said with a little less bluster. “I just wanted to make sure you remember it. It’s July.”
Coyote had a hard stare about him and our eyes locked for a long couple of seconds. I could tell he wanted me to look away and fluster and probably apologize, but I’d just about had it with him and his secret societies full of half-truths. I cocked my head to the side and waited. After a couple of bloated seconds more, the corner of his mouth tugged up in a crooked smile.
“Renn, I’ll call you tonight and let you know what time we all need to meet tomorrow and make sure you bring July with you.”
He put a little too much emphasis on my name and suddenly I realized I liked her much more. 
We said our goodbyes and Coyote shook my hand.
“It was interesting meeting you, July Henry,” he said. It wasn’t the warmest goodbye ever, but it wasn’t really unkind.
“Likewise,” I said trying to return the squeeze he was applying to my hand. 
I tried not to run to Roberta and lock myself inside. Really, I just wanted to be on the road away from Coyote’s assessing glances and grimaces. We pulled out of the long gravel driveway without saying much and when I glanced over at Renn, he was lost in thought and staring out the window. I figured small talk could wait, because I really didn’t want to talk about what had happened back there much, either. It shouldn’t matter, but I was pretty sure I’d been categorically rejected by Renn’s entire family in the span of an hour. That was probably some sort of record in the non-girlfriend Olympics.
Eventually, Renn spoke.
“I’m sorry about Coyote,” he said. “I know he’s intense to people who don’t know him, but he was acting like a real jerk back there. I’m not sure what’s going on with him.”
I shrugged.
“Maybe they don’t like seeing you with someone new,” I said. “Maybe they misunderstood and think I’m trying to take Hannah’s place.”
Renn sighed.
“No,” he finally said. “I’ve never brought Hannah, or anyone else for that matter, to meet them. He was being an ass.”
Not sure how to respond, I didn’t.
“You haven’t talked to your ghost friend lately, have you?” Renn changed direction in the conversation tactfully. 
“Not in a day or so. I’m not sure I’d be able to see him this far out of Shades,” I said. “It’s really only been the diner and my house. My room, actually. He’s never given me a heart attack in the kitchen.”
Renn sat up a little straighter.
“In your room?” He asked it nonchalantly, but the nervous laugh he added to the end was funny.
“Yeah, a couple times.”
“What does a ghost have to talk about in a girl’s bedroom?” He was smiling, but it seemed like Renn was also waiting for an answer.
Ernie and I didn’t talk about much important until the last time at the diner. But I was sort of enjoying this tinge of jealousy I was reading off him.
“Just stuff, I guess,” I shrugged but he didn’t let up.
“Gossip? Prom dresses? What does one talk about when a 90-year old ghost shows up?”
Mostly we talked about him, but I didn’t really want to admit that.
“Ernie’s only about twenty,” I corrected him, instead. “He must have died young, but he’s never mentioned details. He looks like my grandfather when he was younger.”
“Is he good looking?”
It was a silly question. 
“Well, as far as ghosts go, he’s decent,” I said with a smile. “The fact that he doesn’t have blood running out of his mouth and he has eyes in his sockets make him a real catch, I suppose.”
Renn laughed and looked out the window again. We were getting close to Shades and I noticed his body language change subtly. Instead of reclining with his feet on the dashboard, he sat straighter now. His fingers drummed restlessly on the door panel and he kept squinting his eyes out into the distance as we reached the outskirts of town.
“Is something wrong?”
At first he didn’t answer, and when he did, he didn’t look away from the window.
“Something strange,” he said quietly. I had to strain to catch the next bit. “It’s the birds. They’re nervous and unsettled.”
I had no idea what it meant when the blackbirds wouldn’t settle, but it obviously wasn’t good.
Driving down Main Street it was late afternoon and people were walking down sidewalks and driving home in their cars. We passed Trudy’s and I glanced in my rear view mirror when I saw the deputy run a red light across an intersection behind me. My guess was he was headed to Murphy’s Pizza. His car was always parked outside.
I looked ahead and when I did, I yelped and slammed on the brakes. Renn bounced forward against the seatbelt and then back into the seat with a whoosh of breath.
“What?” He cried out, rubbing his neck where the belt had chafed him. “What’s wrong?”
My eyes were frozen on the street ahead of me and as much as I wanted to, I couldn’t speak.
The dead were out there. Not just one. Not two, but at least fifteen just standing around downtown Shades as people walked by without noticing. 
I spoke without taking my eyes off the spirits in front of me.
“The dead. They’re here. They’re in Shades.”  




  




Chapter Eighteen

I pulled the car into Trudy’s parking lot and killed the engine. Staring at the forms of the dead on sidewalks and in storefronts, I didn’t say anything as I got out and closed the door behind me. I didn’t hear Renn get out and come stand beside me. His hand on my shoulder let me know he was there.
I took a deep breath and looked up and down Main Street as the sun began to set in the west.
“What are they doing?”
“Mostly standing still,” I said. “I don’t think they realize they’re here. I can’t tell if they see the people around them or not.”
Renn scanned Main Street, shading his eyes from the bright sunset.
“Nobody seems to notice anything unusual and I don’t see anything.”
At the edge of the hardware store parking lot stood an old man in a dusty, outdated suit. He had a fedora in his hand and turned it over and over, studying it. Unlike the earlier apparitions I’d seen at the diner, he didn’t seem overly tortured or, dare I say it, scary. He seemed more confused. Tired, even. He didn’t seem to notice me, either.
“And the animals?”
He shrugged.
“Driving in, the birds were worked up,” he said. “But there isn’t much by way of wildlife in downtown Shades.”
A car honked in the distance, a few blocks down. A van had run the four-way stop, but what caught my eye was a small girl standing in the middle of the intersection. A sedan pulled forward and I opened my mouth to yell out a warning, but realized immediately that it was pointless.
She was already dead. And she was staring right at me. 
She was small, maybe seven or eight years old and dressed in some sort of fancy party dress that fell to her knees. She had dark blue knee socks pulled up and dark shoes with a buckle. In her stringy red hair sat a lopsided blue bow that had come undone on one side and hung limply like some deflated streamer, motionless despite the soft evening breeze around us.
In my three years with Taylor, I’d seen plenty of cheesy horror flicks and in all those gory, gaggy movies, I’d never seen anything as creepy as this little girl. I was pretty sure I’d take the screamer ghost over the unblinking, inanimate gaze of this pint-sized terror.
The other spirits hadn’t bothered me yet, but she did. There was something not right about the way her head lolled to one side and the slightest hint of a grin played on her lip. 
“Now what?” Renn’s grip on my shoulder tightened. “What are you looking at?”
“A child ghost, Renn,” I whispered. “And there’s something off about her.”
“What’s she doing?”
“Nothing,” I said. “She’s not doing anything. She’s standing over there at that intersection and I think she’s smiling at me.”
Renn sucked in a breath and looked at the intersection I was. 
“It’s not a good smile, is it?” 
I shook my head.
“No,” I said with a sigh. “It’s a really awful smile, Renn.”
Studying the streets a few moments longer, I stood with my back against the Subaru while Renn went to the passenger side to find his cell phone. He needed to call Coyote. While he was talking, I watched the spirits turn, almost in unison, and begin walking toward the back of town. Past the gas station, past the library, all the way out beyond the church and the graveyard to where I couldn’t see them anymore.
His conversation finished, Renn was back at my side looking down the road.
“What are they doing now?”
“They just left,” I said. “All at once—just turned around like something was calling them and they walked out the back of town.”
Squinting in the distance, I knew he was looking at the church.
“Back to the graveyard?”
“No. Past it,” I said. “I don’t know where they went and I didn’t see what called them. I didn’t hear it, either.”
Renn jumped into the driver’s seat and turned the engine on, motioning for me to get in.
“I’ll drive and you can see what they’re doing,” he said as he slid the seat back a few inches to accommodate his long legs. “I don’t feel like getting decapitated the next time you slam on your brakes.”
The thought crossed my mind that Nana might have a question or two for me if she saw some boy driving her old grocery go-getter, but I didn’t have time to think up an excuse yet. Besides, if I was lucky, she was still knee-deep in inventory.
Pulling out onto the street, he drove us out by the church and onto the state highway that led east away from Shades.
The road, and the fields beside it, were empty.
“Nothing,” I said under my breath. “They’re all gone.”
We drove a few minutes longer before Renn pulled over. 
“No animals out here, either,” he said. “It’s strange. No birds, no deer. Nothing. Probably not an accident.”
Chewing on my lower lip, I drummed my fingers on the dashboard, trying to keep up with my racing thoughts. Did they have a destination in mind when they left? What was calling them? And how did they get there so fast?
“What did Coyote say?”
“I need to call him back and let him know they disappeared, but he’s going to head out here first thing in the morning. He’ll meet us for breakfast and I think he’ll convince a couple of the elders to come out here, too.”
“From the Divide thing?” I didn’t know the exact wording of the secret organization. He hadn’t exactly supplied it when he gave me the brief explanation.
He shrugged.
“Maybe,” he said. “Or it could be some Shoshone elders. I’m not sure what he wants to do.”
We were quiet for the short drive back to town. I’m not sure what he was thinking, but I had that red haired girl on my mind. Stuff of nightmares.
“Is your Nana going to be home tonight?”
The question came a bit out of nowhere and caught me off guard. I stammered a second too long and Renn grinned.
“You can’t stay by yourself,” he explained. “Something’s caught your scent and being alone in that big house would be a huge temptation.”
“I don’t know,” I said. “I need to go home to call her.”
He pulled his phone out of his pocket and handed it to me.
“You need a phone, July,” he said, half-teasing, mostly serious. “Use mine.”
It took me a few tries to get the thing to come to life and it wasn’t until Renn, through a few laughs, showed me how to dial the number on a phone with no keys that the line to the truck stop diner began to ring.
Lem answered and had me hold while he dug Nana out from a warehouse full of boxes to answer the phone. I knew before she got on the line that she wasn’t coming home tonight. She confirmed it once I asked.
“Sorry, Buttercup,” she said, her voice tired and a little strained. There was no telling how many hours of sleep she’d gotten last night. “I’m not even halfway through. You okay?”
“I’m fine,” I said. “I’m probably going to stay with Camille tonight, if that’s okay.”
Nana was talking to someone and just when I thought she’d missed what I said, she was back.
“Okay, that sounds good. Call me tomorrow after lunch. You’re off, right?”
“Until Monday afternoon,” I said.
“Okay, Buttercup,” she said in a hurry to hang up. “Be safe.”
The call ended and I handed the phone back to Renn, but he didn’t take it. 
“Call your friend and see if you can stay with her.”
I dialed Camille and she picked up right before I was sent to voicemail.
“What are you doing tonight?”
It was hard to hear her and she shouted to compensate for the loud music behind her.
“I’m at a party,” she screamed into the phone. I winced and pulled it away from my ear. I made out the words “Cheyenne” and “Lila’s cousin” and put it together that she was out with the boy from the party last night.
Renn took the phone after that call and put it in his back pocket. He let out a heavy sigh and rubbed his temple.
“Listen,” I said. It was obvious he was stressed out because of me. “I’ll be fine at Nana’s house. I’ve gone this long with nothing snatching me out of my bedroom window. Muffin will protect me.”
I laughed at my own lame attempt at humor but Renn didn’t even crack a smile.
“It’s not safe, July,” he said. “It’s not a risk I’m going to take.”
I took a deep breath.
“I don’t have anybody else to call. We don’t have much choice.”
Renn didn’t answer me and when I looked over at him, he was texting somebody on his phone. His fingers flew across the screen and before the first light back in town light turned green, an entire conversation had transpired. He didn’t say anything until he’d turned down Nana’s drive. I guess I was on my own after all. I was a tiny bit disappointed that he’d been so easily convinced that I’d be fine on my own because to be honest, I was pretty sure that I wasn’t going to be fine. I was terrified.
“Okay,” I said, opening the door. “See you tomorrow morning, then?”
He was reading his phone again. Turning it off, he pulled himself out of the car with my keys in hand. He smiled then.
“Not a chance, Sheriff,” he said walking up to the door and opening it for me. “Grab whatever you need to survive a night in a cabin. We’re headed to Coyote’s cabin out by the river.”
I scrambled through the house looking for anything that was remotely clean and somewhat cute but without trying too hard. It was nearly impossible and in the end, I’d grabbed two conditioners, Nana’s toothbrush, three pairs of worn out yoga pants, some clean socks and underwear, and a Hello Kitty hoodie from freshman year. I wasn’t even sure the thing would fit over my chest anymore, but the fact that Renn was standing at the bottom of the stairs waiting to take me to a cabin for the night blew a fuse in my brain. I knew it wasn’t romantic. He had made it clear that it was anything but romantic and more about me surviving the night. But it sounded somewhat in the same neighborhood as romantic and I was short circuiting.
Ten minutes later, we were on the road again and I had the right toothbrush in my backpack. Thankfully.
We rode along the same road out of town we’d followed earlier in silence. More than once, I opened my mouth to say something shallow and pointless just to fill the silence but I’d decided against it. I blabbered when I was nervous and I didn’t want Renn to worry I was reading more into the situation than I should have been.
Because, to be honest, I was. Replaying the conversation we’d had in my kitchen over and over, I’d managed to remind myself that he was probably in love with Hannah—or loyal to her at the very least. In the off chance that anything were to happen, any long-lingering stares or, heaven forbid, a kiss, I’d be that girl. The one that Hannah slapped with good reason. Despite what I might feel for Renn, I didn’t want to be that girl. And I sure didn’t want Renn to be that guy.
A half hour later, we were bouncing up and down an unlit two track. The windows were cracked a bit and I heard the river rushing by in the near distance before I actually saw the small cabin on the water’s edge appear in the headlights.
“Here it is,” he said, putting the car in park. He looked over at me and I held my breath.
Ready or not…








Chapter Nineteen

A quick glance around the inside of Coyote’s fishing cabin and I was pretty convinced that nobody in the history of romance had ever been, or ever would be, wooed in the place.
There was a rustic wood stove in a far corner off to the left—the only room in the cabin aside from the closet-looking bathroom partitioned off by a flimsy sheet that served as a door. Fantastic.
In the center of the room was a worn and patched brown velour couch that looked like it pulled out into a nightmare of a sofa bed. A stack of musty, dingy blankets were piled on top of the seat cushions from the last time someone had slept on them. A card table was pushed against a side wall and sat over a mini-fridge. A camp stove on the table gave the space away as the kitchen. In the far corner was a broken bookcase that had all but collapsed into the wall beside it. There were a few rifle catalogs and, as far as I could tell, a couple of magazines that the truck stop sold behind the counter only. Renn caught where my gaze had fallen and rushed over to his uncle’s bookshelf.
“Sorry,” he mumbled, tossing the entire stack of magazines, guns, boobs, and all, into the corner and moved quickly to toss the old bed linens on top of them. 
“This is nastier than I thought,” Renn said quietly. “I’m sorry. It was all I could think of. I’m pretty sure we’re on the reservation, too, so at least we could hope for some sacred ground protection.”
“Does that really work?” 
“I don’t know,” he said honestly and shuffled things around as best he could to make his uncle’s man cave a little more hospitable for the night. “It’s a nice thought but it’s been so long since something this evil came across I’m not sure anybody knows what’s warded and what’s not.”
I’d heard of warding from a couple sci-fi books I’d checked out from the library a few summers back. They were spells that kept bad things out.
“Who does the warding? Are there specific people?”
“Coyote does most of it around here,” he said as he gave the sofa bed handle a yank. It didn’t budge at first, but on his second try, the thing flew out from the depths of the couch and nearly landed Renn on his butt. I laughed, mostly at him and not with him. 
He flashed me a grin as he walked around me in search of clean blankets. Clean-ish, I suppose. I was pretty sure nothing in that cabin would qualify as clean in the last decade.
“I think there are some shamans from Iowa that specialize in warding,” he said as he dug through a cabinet beside the dilapidated bookshelf. “They teach people like Coyote enough to help them out in situations like this. But not everything.”
“Sacred knowledge?” I asked and sat on the edge of the thin, striped mattress. It reminded me of the old camping mattresses from my Girl Scout days. 
“Something like that. It took them decades to perfect the art. They specialize in it.”
He turned around a produced a stack of folded wool blankets that smelled like mothballs and Lysol. It was a start.
“Does everybody have a specialty?”
He shook his head.
“A lot do, from what I understand, but not everyone. Coyote doesn’t. He’s more like an all-around handyman and the warders from the Iowa reservation are the electricians.”
Renn shooed me off the bed and set to laying out the blankets in a stack. When he was finished, he stood up and examined the make shift bed.
“Not my greatest work, but you should stay warm enough in there.”
He smiled at me and I stood there a little too long smiling back like a starry eyed kid. I couldn’t help it. His brown eyes were just about golden in the glow of the tacky lamp in the corner and with his hair mostly out of the tie, it hung in his face across his eyebrows and I wanted more than anything to reach across and smooth it out of his eyes.
I bit the inside of my cheek, instead.
“I guess I’ll go brush my teeth,” I finally said and I could have died when my voice cracked just a bit and Renn had the nerve to wink at me. 
Behind the powder blue bed sheet dotted with spouting whales, I moved as quickly as I could from my day clothes to my sweat pants and San Diego sweatshirt—a swap I made just as I was heading down stairs. Hello Kitty would have made it impossible to breathe and getting the thing off in the morning would have been an amusing thing to watch.
“Make sure you let the water run a minute before you use it,” he called from the main room. “It comes out a little funny at first because of the well.”
Funny meant it came out nearly brown and smelling like the pits of hell.
“What is this?” I called to him when the smell of rotten eggs hit. “It’s nasty!”
“Just a little sulfur,” he was laughing now. “It’s good for you.”
I ignored his teasing and waited on the water to look a little less revolting so I could brush my teeth without retching. When I was finished, I pulled my ponytail down and brushed out my hair. The hair at the top of my head hurt from the tight elastic I’d been wearing so I left my hair down for the night.
Renn was sitting on a folding chair at the card table when I came out and plopped onto the bed. 
“Is this where you stay when you’re in town?” I asked, looking around. The thought crossed my mind that the adult reading material he hid earlier could have been his.
“No way, it’s a little too rough even for me.” he said, shaking his head emphatically. He hesitated a moment when he looked at me. I fidgeted with my hoodie strings.
“You look different,” he said, mostly to himself. “I’ve never seen you with your hair down.”
“Not much different,” I said with a shrug.
“No,” he disagreed. “Different. I like it.”
With a blush creeping up my cheeks, I changed the subject back to where exactly it was that Renn stayed when he wasn’t out at Coyote’s place.
I wondered if he stayed with Hannah and the thought made my stomach sour just a bit. Maybe I didn’t want to know where he slept when he wasn’t at Coyote’s.
As if he read my mind, Renn shook his head.
“Lacey’s folks left her a small house on Slidell Street when they died a while back,” he said. “She stays there during the week when school’s in so she doesn’t have to make the drive every night. I stay there sometimes. Her sister and her kids are there for the summer, though, or we would have just crashed there.”
“Oh,” I said with a lame attempt to seem uninterested. 
“Are you hungry? We could see what Coyote keeps in these boxes over here. Might be some ramen or a can of tuna or something?”
I wrinkled my nose.
“Yeah, I’m good ‘til the morning, I think.”
Renn shrugged.
“Don’t say I didn’t offer.”
“I won’t say that.”
He chuckled. A deep, throaty laugh that made me smile, too.
Renn leaned forward in his seat and propped his elbows on his knees. I took it as a cue to climb on the bed and get as comfortable as possible in musty blankets and a squeaky, rusted spring sofa bed. It took a while.
When I was as close to settled in as the bed would allow, I pulled a blanket over my legs and sat back against the cushions. I wasn’t tired and I’m pretty sure that even if I was, I wouldn’t be able to sleep for at least three days.
“What do you usually do at night?” Part of me was trying to make small talk, but most of me was being nosy. I wanted to know as much about him as I could.
“I work on road striping crews a few early mornings each week, so a lot of days I’m asleep by 9.”
“What’s early?”
“It’s a two in the morning to eight in the morning shift.”
“That’s just nasty,” I said before I could help myself.
“What? Not much of a night owl?”
I shook my head.
“Not really. Sounds silly but I’m not a huge fan of the dark. Childhood thing.”
“I understand,” he said quietly. “I have a few of those myself.”
He’d piqued my interest.
“Like what?”
Renn held my gaze without saying anything for a few moments. His brows were drawn together and I couldn’t tell if he was angry at the prodding question or if he was deep in thought. At last, he spoke.
“Some other time, maybe. I’m more interested in hearing about you.”
Funny, I felt the same way about him. I had to be the most uninteresting person in Shades. Most of Wyoming, too, probably.
“Very little to tell, I’m sorry to say. Transferred from Denver. Waiting to turn 18 and go back—that was my plan as soon as my mom dropped me off at Nana’s.”
“Shades isn’t your type of town?” He was teasing, but something in his eyes held a little more. He was waiting for my answer.
“I’m sure Shades is lovely,” I said lightly. “But everything I’d ever known was in Colorado. My friends. My boyfriend. My plans for college and beyond. I was so close to being on my own and my mom had to up and get herself involved in a nasty divorce.”
“Ouch,” he said. “Why haven’t I met your mom?”
It sounded a little silly.
“You haven’t even met my Nana, Renn,” I said with a laugh. “I’m not sure how I’d make that introduction. ‘This is the guy that believes me when I say I see ghosts. Funny thing, he can talk to animals.’ It might be a little awkward. Nana’s a tough nut.”
“And your mom?”
I wasn’t sure how to answer him. Or why he was insistent on knowing about my mom.
“Things with us are complicated on a good day. Most of the time, she’ll check in, give me a few orders, and disappear for a month or two on some work trip. Mostly I think she’s avoiding dealing with me because I’m still so mad at her.”
“For bringing you to Wyoming?”
That was part of it.
“Sure. And for dropping me off here and leaving. Why couldn’t she just leave me in Colorado? I had a few friends I could have stayed with. Thanks to her, everything’s ruined. My friends have moved on with their lives. The boy I’d planned my entire college experience around has moved on, too, as far as I can guess. So now I’m a few months short of that early graduation with no real place to go. And it’s all because she decided we both needed to leave Colorado.”
“You never asked her why?”
“It wouldn’t matter,” I said with a shrug. “She’s a pretty strong personality. I don’t do well when we clash—it’s always easier to make her think I’m going along with whatever she wants. And then I just do my own thing anyway.”
That made Renn laugh.
“You’re sneaky?”
I nodded, smiling.
“When I need to be.”
“And your dad?”
I looked at the floor and shrugged.
“They were never married. He left not long after I was born,” I said. “Last I heard, he’d died of pneumonia or something. Maybe. But maybe it’s just a story concocted to avoid 17 years of unpaid child support.”
I should have felt more about the man, but I didn’t. Maybe someday I would piece together who he really was and then maybe I’d feel sorry we never got to know each other.
The conversation trailed off a bit and I just stared at Renn’s dimples as he smiled. His face lit up like some sort of angel when he smiled. I wondered if girls like Hannah had any hope against him when he decided to turn on the charm. I doubted it. He wasn’t even trying to charm me and I was already feeling pretty hopeless.
“Do you miss Taylor?”
The question was out just like that and I wasn’t sure how to answer it. Mostly I didn’t know the answer. Did I?
“Sometimes,” I finally said. “I miss what we had back in Colorado. What we’d planned. Sounds ridiculous, doesn’t it? Who meets the love of their life freshman year? And who makes it through college together all the way to that happily ever after?”
Nobody I knew of. 
“I miss who Taylor used to be to me, I guess,” I said quietly. “He hasn’t been that in a while.”
I was unraveling a threadbare corner of the blanket on top of me when I spoke, lost in thought. I glanced up and Renn was staring at me.
“What was he to you?”
At first I thought he was teasing me again, but a second look at the expression on his face and I knew he was waiting for an answer. I faltered a bit and got even more flustered when he stood up out of his chair and reclined next to me on the small mattress. His body next to mine, the warmth off of him was intense and I’m pretty sure he heard my sharp intake of breath. I had a hard time forming sentences.
“He…he was the life of the party. The all-American athlete. The guy everyone wanted to be and the guy every girl wanted to be with. I was lucky. When I was with him, people noticed us. People noticed me for once.”
Renn shifted his body so that his broad shoulders loomed over me as he studied my face, just inches away. My heart sped up and it was all I could do to remember to breathe in and breathe out.
“Trust me, July,” he whispered as he closed the short distance between us. “People notice you. Some people notice you and then no matter how hard they try, they find it impossible to stay away from you.”
Renn snaked a hand along the side of my ear and into my hair, gripping my face as he pulled me toward him. His lips were a nanosecond from touching mine when he stopped and locked eyes with me. I was so afraid that he’d stop that I considered begging him not to.
But he didn’t. Half a breath later, Renn Hollingsworth set my world spinning in retrograde as his lips touched mine and he kissed me like no one else ever had. 
Not even what’s-his-name in Colorado.






Chapter Twenty

The birds woke me up with their pre-dawn chattering outside the cabin window. I could see outside that the sun hadn’t come up yet and a faint greenish glow lit the sky. It was foreign to me, a girl who loved her late mornings, and it was oddly beautiful.
Seeing Ernie seated on that kitchen folding chair wasn’t nearly as lovely. My heart nearly leapt through my throat and it was all I could do not to drop the biggest, meanest f-bomb ever.
From his post near the window, I saw him give me the once over. I glanced down to see what he did: somewhere along the way, I’d lost my sweatshirt, but other than that and some really messed up hair, my tank top and my sweats left me decent. 
Ernie winked anyway. I scowled at him and gave him a shrug as if to ask him what he wanted. I had to be quiet as Renn was still asleep on the tiny sofa bed. In my short absence, he’d already stretched out his long legs in my spot. Figures.
“I knew it,” he said. His voice was a bit on the loud side and I winced, just about to hush him when I remembered Renn wouldn’t be able to hear him anyway. I just shook my head at Ernie as if to tell him he didn’t know anything. He didn’t. 
“You’ve got that just-got-the-greatest-kiss-of-your-life look,” Ernie was teasing me now. “I should know. I gave plenty of dames that same look in my day. I told you that you two were the item, didn’t I? Not you and that feminine looking kid in your pictures. This kid—he’s the one.”
I shook my head a little, but couldn’t risk trying to explain that there wasn’t really anything between Renn and me. That amazing kiss and moment we shared had really been a mistake—a fantastic, earth-shattering, life-changing mistake that probably wouldn’t happen again.
“What do you want?” I whispered mostly to shut him up.
“You see all those spooks out yesterday? Is that why you’re here?”
I nodded.
“I figured as much. I was going to warn you that something’s calling them out from their graves in big groups, but I guess you’ve already seen that,” Ernie wiped his hand across his mouth, as though in deep thought. “The spooks aren’t themselves. Hard to believe it, but they’re mindless right now.”
I frowned. 
“Like zombies?” When Ernie looked confused, I realized he didn’t grow up in the apocalypse-obsessed generation that I did. “The undead. Walking brain eater things?”
He gave me a funny look, but finally shook his head.
“Maybe, but not yet. They don’t have bodies. They’re still ghosts right now. But there’s an army of them building out by the stones.”
I’d never heard of the stones, so I shot Ernie a questioning look.
“Ask your boyfriend over there,” he pointed at Renn who was stirring. “He’ll know all about them.”
Ernie looked down at Renn once more.
“You tell him you talk to spooks yet?” 
I nodded and smiled.
“And he believed you?”
Another nod.
“Kid’s just as crazy as you are. I’ll come back and check on you later. Try to keep your clothes on—it’s going to be a hell of a day.”
Renn moved again and I turned to see if he’d woken up. Glancing back, Ernie was already gone.
“It was your ghost friend, wasn’t it?”
I spun around and found Renn on his back with his arms over his eyes. He wasn’t even looking at me.
“How did you know?”
He let out a laugh.
“There’s a bobcat out there who was prowling around the trashcan. He didn’t like the energy in the air all of a sudden.”
“How did you know it was Ernie and not something darker?”
Renn pushed himself up to his elbows and flipped his hair out of his face.
“It was more annoyed than scared.”
“Ernie is definitely more annoying than scary,” I agreed. 
Suddenly the fact that I was standing in front of Renn in all manner of disarray because the night before he’d nearly kissed me into oblivion made me self-conscious. The fact that he’d slept with me entwined in his arms made me blush and I was pretty sure he saw it.
Was he going to regret it? I was worried that I was going to receive another reminder of everything I wasn’t to him and I braced for it and did my best to look natural.
“Good morning, Sheriff,” he drawled, finally, patting the bed beside him, an invitation to sit down. I stood my ground a little and gave an embarrassing little half wave I immediately regretted.
“Morning,” I squeaked.
“Remind me to ask you what your friend said,” Renn said and planted his feet on the floor. I figured he was going to get up and find his shirt somewhere in the pile of blankets.
Holy smokes, when did Renn lose his shirt? And why hadn’t I spent more time ogling the smooth skin on his shoulders and chest while he’d been asleep. I might have lost my chance forever now that he was about to toss his t-shirt back over his head. 
Sadly, I watched the black shirt slide down into place. I wanted to sigh. It had been a beautiful sight. But instead of getting up and getting ready, he made a swift grab toward me and snatched me by my hips. I let out a little shriek as I was thrown off balance. Renn pulled me forward against his chest and wrapped his hands around my lower back, locking me into place. With no way to balance myself and nowhere to put them, I put my hands on the hard ridges of his shoulders. 
I wasn’t much taller than him standing over him while he sat, so it wasn’t much of stretch for him to pull me closer and lock his lips on mine. My immediate thought was about the heinous morning breath I must have. The second…I couldn’t tell you what my second thought was because Renn worked his magic again and cupped my face in his large hands.
We fell backward and Renn rolled us until I was beneath him looking up. He didn’t kiss me, though. Renn stayed there, just looking at me. 
“What?” I finally asked.
“Just taking it all in,” he said a little wistfully. 
“You sound like you’re never going to see me again or something,” I said it with a casual tone but a panic light began blinking in my brain. Was he saying it like he was never going to see me again? 
Renn laughed.
“No, July,” he said dismissively. “I’m just never going to get another first kiss with you again. Or a second. I’m taking it in.”
They were beautiful words but there was something in his eyes I couldn’t quite place. Almost as if he didn’t believe himself. In a flash, the warmth was back and he gave me that smile. Over on the table, his cell phone vibrated.
With a long sigh, he pushed himself up and off the bed. I sat up and straightened myself for the second time that morning.
“It’s Coyote,” he said reading the text message. “He’ll meet us at the coffee shop at eight.”
I had no watch and there were no clocks on the walls.
“What time is it?”
“6:30,” he said pulling a sweatshirt on. I found mine and did the same. “We should go get my bike from the woods. I’d hate for something to rip the seats any worse than they already are.”
We straightened the cabin out and returned it to its former man-cave glory before letting ourselves out. Renn held the door for me and I gave one more glance over my shoulder to Coyote’s fish camp and smiled.
My eyes were heavy and I blinked a lot as I drove down the path out to the main road.
“You okay?” Renn finally asked.
“Yeah,” I said. “Just having a hard time waking up.”
“Up late?”
I looked across the seat to see Renn with a sly grin. 
“A little. I had some research to do.”
“Any conclusions?”
I shrugged and feigned indifference.
“I’ll let you know.”
That made Renn laugh.
“We obviously need to help you research more.”
“Obviously.”
The town was still quiet and dim as we rolled in. The sunrise was obscured by the purple mountains in the distance so Shades was appropriately cast in inky shadows throughout most of the main street sidewalks and parking lots. At least there weren’t any ghosts.
“Ernie asked me about the spooks.”
Renn raised an eyebrow.
“Spooks?”
“That’s what he calls them,” I said with a laugh. “I’m guessing he died sometime in the 40s or 50s. He’s got a vocabulary on him fit for the Beat Generation.”
“Next, you’ll be telling me he’s a huge jazz fan who snaps his fingers instead of clapping.”
Smiling, I shrugged.
“I think he just wanted to tell me that he’d seen the spirits out of their graves, too. He didn’t say anything else, though. And he saw I was with you so he left pretty quickly.”
“I wonder if he disapproves,” Renn said it with a smile.
“He gave me a thumbs up before he disappeared,” I said. “I think you’re good.”
He looked satisfied with that.
“Did Coyote say who’s coming with him?” I steered the conversation away from my spectral friend before I had to divulge just how much Ernie approved of him.
“He just said a few more will meet us there.”
“A few more what?”
Renn shrugged.
“No idea. Elders? Members of the council? Fruit flies? I couldn’t tell you.”
We pulled onto Henry Lane and drove past Nana’s house. It was dark and her car wasn’t there—a good sign that she stayed at the truck stop like she planned. I drove toward the tree line past the Tillman’s place and pulled up next to Renn’s bike. 
“No badgers,” I said. “You’re good to go.”
“That’s a relief. I’ll follow you over.”
I caught my breath and waited for a goodbye kiss of some sort. He pulled himself out of my car, though, and shut the door behind him. 
The entire drive to the coffee shop I had the most frustrating argument with myself about what had happened between us, and how it wasn’t a bad thing, and how it wasn’t going to come around and bite me in the butt. I didn’t kiss a boy who had a girlfriend, I reasoned. I kissed a boy who’s really confused about who he likes and that’s better. Isn’t it?
I’d nearly driven myself crazy with a circle of questions by the time we pulled into the Laundromat parking lot and I cut the engine. Coyote was waiting outside his truck and as soon as I got out, Skye jumped from the passenger’s side and smiled. Renn was already there and said good morning to his uncle and when he went to give his cousin a hug, I didn’t miss the punch in the shoulder Skye gave Renn. 
I can only imagine what he assumed happened at Coyote’s cabin. As if to confirm Skye’s worst assumptions, I felt my cheeks burn. This was a great start to what was sure to be a long day. 
Moving around the car, I realized I forgot my wallet in my backpack. When Renn stopped, Coyote waved him inside and said he’d wait for me. Skye and Renn ducked inside the doors to find us all a seat.
Fishing my wallet out, I stood up and realized Coyote was standing next to me. I jumped.
He gave me a kind smile and put his hand on my shoulder and in an instant, I knew I wasn’t going to like what he said next. Whatever it was, I was sure I was going to hate it.
“You seem like a nice girl, July,” he started. A pit formed in my stomach and I felt a little woozy. “I want you to be careful with Renn. He’s not the boy you bring home to meet your mother and you sure aren’t the type of girl he normally runs with. My nephew finds it impossible to get close to people and he has his reasons. It’s best you know now before you get your heart broken.”
He squeezed my shoulder in some sort of show of sympathy and walked away. I leaned against the car and tried to catch my breath.
I looked toward the coffee shop and considered jumping in my car like Coyote probably wanted me to and driving away as fast as I could. There was some truth to what he said about Renn, I was sure. But how much did Coyote have wrong?
I could leave now and let Coyote and the elders handle the ghosts. I could let Hannah have Renn and I could go back to my old life. Or I could go have a cup of coffee and not be scared off by a few spooks and an old man with crappy manners.
Shoving my keys in my pocket, I went with the coffee. Well, orange juice, acutally.









Chapter Twenty-One

I walked in and found the group pretty quickly. They’d taken up a booth in the back and with a few extra chairs slid over, the entire corner of the room was occupied by this council of legend chasers and goblin fighters. Besides Renn, Skye, and Coyote, there were three more people at the table already near the bottom of their coffee cups.
The waitress in me was tempted to grab the coffee pot I passed by on the counter. Lucky for me, I stopped myself when I realized Coyote had taken the seat next to Renn. I let out a heavy breath and sat in the empty chair next to Skye who gave me a friendly smile as I scooted in and ordered a tall orange juice.
“You must be the ghost talker,” an older woman with long silver braids and honey colored eyes stuck her hand out. I offered mine and she nearly ripped my arm out of its socket. 
“July,” I simply said.
“I’m Billie Whalen and this is my husband Leonard,” she was pointing to a man with a neatly braided ponytail down his back. His hair was nearly the same color gray as Billie’s. “And this is our friend Silas Yellow Wing.”
Silas wore thick glasses that had shaded somewhat on their own in the bright sunlight. Over his head he wore a Navy Vietnam Veteran cap with the name of a ship on it. 
“Nice to meet you,” Silas said with a wave but he offered no shake. Just as well, my hand was still recovering from Billie’s salutation.
“Coyote told us everything you’ve seen up until now,” Leonard spoke. His voice was deep and had a slow, deliberate pace to it. “In all our years together, we’ve never met anyone like you, July. You must forgive us if we are slow to believe your story. This type of thing usually doesn’t happen.”
Up until this summer, ghosts didn’t happen to me, but wasn’t the supernatural more or less the business they signed up for when they agreed to be part of this Continental Divide neighborhood watch dog group?
“What sort of thing?”
Leonard took a deep breath and looked to his wife, probably needing some sort of lifeline. She gave him a half-shrug and he looked back at me.
“I’m going to be blunt for a moment,” he said. “People connected to activity on the Divide have always been like us.”
Confused, I raised an eyebrow. Old? Lucky for me I didn’t say it out loud. Billie came to my rescue.
“He means we’re all Native American—First Peoples,” she said softly. “We’ve never had someone with your ability who wasn’t a member of a tribe that had a direct link to some of the mythology associated with the Divide. The other members know about you, too, and they refused to believe it. That’s why only three of us came.”
 Figures. I inhaled slowly and thought about what to say next. Honestly, I just wanted to gather up as much dignity as I had left and leave. First Coyote and now these people. Billie probably sensed something so she patted the back of my hand and gave me a kind smile. I tried to return it.
“Would you tell us about your spirit guide?”
I looked to Renn for help. I didn’t even own a cell phone anymore—I was fairly certain I didn’t have a spirit guide. Especially since membership to this club had so many rules and requirements. I was probably too non-Shoshone to warrant one of those.
“Ernie,” Renn said. “They mean Ernie.”
I laughed at that.
“Him? I’m pretty sure he’s not a mystical spirit guide. He’s too much of a pain in the…” I recovered when I saw that no one else at the table was laughing with me. “He comes and goes when he feels like it. Mostly he wants to gossip about my friends and poke fun at my boring life.”
Silas took a sip of his coffee before speaking.
“But has he tried to help you at all?”
I thought about it and finally nodded.
“He’s been trying to warn me,” I said slowly. “But it’s almost as if he doesn’t have all of the information. He’s only got what he hears or what he sees.”
“He sees other spirits?” Silas set his cup down. “Has he always seen other spirits?”
Shaking my head no, I set my glass down as well, not sure why I was mirroring his movements. There was something soothing about Silas and the way he talked, the way he moved. Mimicking him just felt…natural. But entirely unnatural at the same time. I had very little control over my impulse to follow his movements.
“He’s heard them, I know that much,” I said. “He’s never really talked about what he did or who he was before I saw him in the diner a few weeks ago.”
Leonard was running his thumb over the smooth side of a spoon on the table and didn’t look up when he spoke.
“What’s most fascinating about your friend Ernie is that he can appear to you at will, no matter where you are. In my experience, spirits are usually tied to some sort of anchor—a place or an object from their past life, and they can only appear at their anchor.”
My first thought was that the diner must be Ernie’s anchor, but I knew it was wrong because he’d scared the snot out of me at Nana’s house and he’d crashed the party at Coyote’s cabin today, too. Maybe Ernie was anchor-less? I asked Leonard about the possibility.
“No,” he shook his head. “I don’t think that’s what’s happening. We think Ernie’s anchor is you, July.”
That took me by surprise and I sat back in my chair. A moment passed and I remembered to exhale. Then inhale.
“How on earth did that happen?” I finally asked.
Nobody answered and Leonard shrugged.
“I wonder if you might not be an anchor to more spirits than just Ernie,” he said, almost to himself. I certainly hoped not. One Ernie was enough. 
“The other ones aren’t like Ernie,” I said. “They’re very different. Very disturbed and they aren’t as normal as Ernie. Well, as normal as he can be.”
“Maybe there are different types of spirits?” Coyote said. Renn was watching me and when I caught his eyes on mine, he winked. My lips pulled up in a smile no matter how much I wanted to look serious. I forced myself to look to Billie, who was talking.
“Unless Ernie is an ancestor of yours, it’s very likely that you have a gift or an ability that you’re not fully aware of yet,” she said. “But one that the spirits can sense and latch on to.”
I thought about this gift. Gifts and abilities had purposes, didn’t they? Renn was able to understand animals. People could ward evil off. What good was my ability to see ghosts? 
“It’s hard to see it as a gift,” I said softly. “Mostly I’m just jumpy and nervous these days. I see things that other people can’t and it feels like I’m walking a fine line between who I used to be and crazy.”
Leonard smiled at me and put a big, wrinkled hand on my shoulder. 
“I’m pretty sure we all felt that way at one point,” he said. “It can be a burden when all you want to be is normal.”
Isn’t that the truth? Renn was nodding and I wondered what it was like to be surrounded by animal thoughts all day long. Were they as pushy as Ernie? Was it a burden at times?
“There’s plenty of time for her to decide whether or not it’s a gift or a curse,” Coyote said, interrupting my thoughts. “We’ve got something serious on our hands and we should make a plan.”
“The dzoavits have been dormant for nearly a thousand years,” Billie said, pulling a yellow legal pad out of her bag and flipping it open to a page full of looping, elegant handwriting. “They’re a legend from the Numa.”
That meant nothing to me so I asked what Numa were, as much as I wanted to just nod and smile and pretend I knew what they were talking about.
“They are the ancient people the Shoshone are descended from,” she explained. “Their mythology is some of the oldest of all the tribes and sometimes some of the most powerful. But the Numa were wise and plenty of their wisdom has been passed down through the generations.”
I remembered reading that they were demons that sometimes appeared as ogres.
“Would they appear as an ogre or a demon now?” I asked. Another stupid question, but I had to know what I was dealing with. What if they were crafty and showed up looking like insurance salesmen?
“There’s no way of telling,” Billie replied, looking to Leonard.
“It depends how strong their magic is,” he said. “If they have enough power, legend has it that they can shape shift into many different forms. But if they’re weak from crossing the boundary, they might have to assume their original form.”
“The book I read said they were cannibals. They ate Numa tribe members?”
Billie looked at her notes.
“Mostly children it said,” she squinted and then made a face. “Yuck. They grow their magic from cannibalism but that could mean different things. We’re just not sure.”
None of this pointed to ghosts yet.
“How does any of this have anything to do with Ernie or me?”
“The spirits you saw in Shades yesterday were different than any of the ones you’d seen in the past days, weren’t they?” Coyote asked me.
“They were part of a group. Moved together like a group when they left,” I answered. “That was new. And Ernie mentioned something about the Stones and how they’re related to what I saw yesterday. He said Renn would know what I’m talking about.”
Silas motioned for a waitress to bring him more coffee. I held up my glass, too, when she came by with the carafe. I wasn’t even drinking coffee.
Strange.
“We think the demon has woken the dead for some reason,” Silas said after he’d sipped his coffee. “We think you saw the aftermath. Maybe they’ve been waking them for some time now and that’s what first spirits you saw were. But it must be getting stronger.”
“Billie spoke in a plural tense and you’re saying there’s one,” I said. “Do you know how many there are?”
“In mythology, there were always pairs. But with the wards and the safeguards we have in the Divide, we think only one can cross over,” Billie answered me. “Well, that’s what we’re hoping anyway.”
“Ernie mentioned something called the Stones. He said someone should know what it means and he seems to think it’s linked to what happened yesterday. He seemed pretty freaked out about them, actually, like there’s something bad happening.”
Billie glanced at Leonard, who looked at Silas, who looked to Coyote, who looked back at Billie.
“What are the Stones?” Renn asked before I could. Even Skye had put down his phone and was paying attention.
Coyote answered.
“Megaliths about twenty miles outside of town,” he said. “They used to be a sacred site but mostly now kids just go out there to drink cheap beer and give each other hickeys.”
I wasn’t sure what megaliths were, but Billie cut in.
“If the Stones are giving them power, maybe we can ward them in the circle while they’re dormant,” she said and turned to me. “Just like the boogeymen and vampires of popular culture, even these ancient evils seem stronger at night. Some people think it’s because people are naturally more afraid of the dark and that feeds their power.”
I, for one, was afraid of the dark and was pretty sure that I alone could power one demon ogre halfway across the world with my skittishness after sunset.
“That gives us plenty to work with,” Leonard said to Coyote with a grin. Coyote nodded and gave Billie a quick wink.
“What happens next?” I asked and was surprised at the blank look coming at me from Leonard and Coyote.
“What do you mean what next?” Leonard asked.
“I mean what are we doing now? What happens next?”
Billie put her hand on mine again and I knew I wasn’t going to like what came next. She was trying to brace me for a rejection of some sort.
“You go home, July,” she said quietly. “This work we do isn’t open to outsiders.”
It shouldn’t have stung so badly but it did. I lowered my eyes.
“You’ve had a long couple of days,” Coyote said helpfully, but I knew what he was doing. “You should go home and get some sleep and let us handle it. Shades will be back to normal by sundown once we ward the creatures back into circle.”
I was affectively dismissed and I numbly stood up and excused myself, feeling more like an outsider than I ever have. Leaving without saying goodbye, I heard Renn get up to follow me out.
Pushing through the front door, I fumbled in my pocket for my keys. Renn put his hand on my arm and stopped me as I tried unsuccessfully to jam them into the lock.
“Are you okay?” He asked.
“Fine,” I lied. Renn knew it.
“No you’re not,” he said and leaned against my car door. “This isn’t safe for you, July. And it isn’t safe for the council, either. They stay hidden and don’t let outsiders in no matter what. You’ve got to understand that’s just their way. Centuries of traditions aren’t going to be broken no matter how hard I argue with my uncle or beg them to let you help. It’s just the way it is.”
“Fine,” I said again, pretty sure that if I tried to form a sentence, I’d likely end up crying like some little kid who was mad they didn’t get picked for the kickball team.
“You knew the whole time I wasn’t going to be able to help, didn’t you?”
Renn looked at his feet and kicked at a pebble. He didn’t have to answer, but I decided to wait him out and make him.
“I did,” he finally said. “I’ve known since the moment I told Coyote about what you’ve seen that they would want to talk to you and that was it. They’re going to fix this tonight and you’re going to be safe. You don’t need to involve yourself in this and get hurt. It’ll all be over tonight.”
Nodding, I finally looked him in the eye. Renn looked a little sad.
“Thanks for everything yesterday,” I said. “I appreciate it.”
He ran his left hand through his hair and sighed.
“Coyote is taking me with them and then to Fort Hall for a couple days after that,” he said. “But I’ll be back sometime next week and we can talk more then, okay?”
The wall was up. I could feel it. Renn was pulling away just like he always did and I was pretty sure that this time, it was permanent.
I said a weak goodbye and dodged his arms when Renn tried to hug me. Skirting around him, I got into my car and fired up the engine, grateful Roberta didn’t embarrass me in the parking lot by refusing to turn over. I didn’t look back until I was down the road headed toward Nana’s house. 
The tears welled up in my eyes as I glanced in the rearview mirror and just as I was about to let them fall freely, I noticed a flicker of movement beside me and I turned my head. Ernie was sitting in the passenger seat, smoking a cigarette. I jumped at the surprise and uttered a curse under my breath at being startled.
“That kid is a damned fool.”





Chapter Twenty-Two

“I’m pretty sure I’m the fool, actually,” I said. 
Ernie didn’t disagree. He actually had the nerve to a nod in agreement.
“How much did you listen to?”
“Between you and the kid? All of it. What happened inside with the old farts?”
I laughed at that. It was pretty funny—and accurate.
“They’re going to take care of it. They’re going to ward the thing, whatever it is, in those Stones you told me about.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Ernie let out a long column of smoke. My car should have smelled like a chimney, but I had to remind myself it was only ghost smoke. Ernie and his cigarette weren’t really sitting there.
“They’re full of crap,” he finally said. “And the kid’s an idiot for listening to his uncle without bothering to think for himself.”
I was a couple minutes behind Renn when he’d arrived at the diner. I wondered what they talked about.
“Did you hear something between them?”
Ernie shrugged.
“I see things sometimes. The uncle doesn’t like you. He thinks you’re trouble and that the kid should stay away.”
That stung. I didn’t say anything for the rest of the drive and when I finally pulled up at Nana’s house, Ernie had faded away. I hadn’t had a chance to ask him about the demon. Damn.
 Nana’s car wasn’t parked in the driveway, either. I was alone.
I trudged inside and turned on the air conditioner. It was going to be a hot day and it looked like I wasn’t going anywhere for a while. Dragging my bag upstairs, I turned on the light in my room and plopped down on the middle of my unmade bed, unsure of what to do with myself.
I could cry. I could eat my bodyweight in cookies and cream ice cream. I could watch reality television. There were lots of things I could do, but I didn’t want to do anything at all. Mostly I just wanted to think about Renn and feel sorry for myself. Again.
My eyes were heavy and I let them slide shut. Maybe a good nap would help me. Maybe I could wake up in a few hours and have no memory of Renn at all. 
* * *
The phone ringing down the hall jerked me awake from the heavy sleep of my nap. I croaked out a greeting.
“Hi Buttercup! I’m glad I reached you. I’ll be home later for a few hours and I wanted to make sure you’d be there. Seems like I haven’t seen you in weeks.”
Nana sounded chipper. Too chipper. If I didn’t know any better, she wanted something.
“Listen,” she said, sliding straight to it. I knew it. “That new girl Lara’s a no-show so far. Do you think you might be able to come in tonight and cover her shift? I know it’s your night off and it’s going to be slow, but I’d feel better knowing you have it covered.”
Ugh. Waitressing is the last thing I felt like doing. A root canal seemed more appetizing at this point, and I was half a breath from making some lame excuse before I stopped myself.
“That’s fine,” I sighed and collapsed backwards on my bed with an oof. 
“Great,” she said quickly. “I’ll be home in about an hour and we can have a late lunch before your shift starts.”
Returning the phone to the cradle on the bench in the hall, I caught a glimpse of the alarm clock on Nana’s headboard. It was nearly two in the afternoon.
I showered and braided my hair and just as I was pulling on my extra sensible, extra ugly shoes, I heard Nana downstairs.
“You up, Buttercup?” She called up the staircase.
“I’m just getting ready,” I hollered through the bathroom door.
Downstairs, Nana was making a cup of tea and a sandwich for both of us.
“Feels like I haven’t seen you in forever,” she said, handing me a ham and cheese. “You doing okay?”
The question almost made me laugh. Was I doing okay? Sure didn’t feel like it.
“Fine,” I chirped. “How are you? Did you survive inventory?”
“Mostly. A couple more shelves of brake pads and air filters and everything in the two coolers in back and that should just about cover it.”
I shook my head.
“That sounds like a lot.”
“Nah,” she said, taking a huge bite out of her sandwich. “I should be done before Thursday. I just needed a break. I’ll sleep most of the day and head back tonight if that’s okay with you. I feel bad leaving you alone like this.”
At that moment, more than anything, I wanted to confide in her. In someone. I was scared. I was tired. My heart hurt. But I knew that Nana probably wouldn’t believe me and even if she did, her way of handling it would probably put us all in danger. Knowing Nana, she’d lock us in the freezer cooler down at the stop and make us wait out a giant demon invasion. I was pretty sure that approach wouldn’t work.
“No worries,” I tried to sound more casual than I felt. “I’m a teenager. I need lots of space for my mood swings.”
That made her smile.
“You’re no ordinary teenager, July,” she said with a smile while she patted my hand.
“That’s for sure,” I muttered under my breath. Nana didn’t hear me and before long, I was carrying my backpack down the stairs and saying goodbye.
“I’ll be in before your shift is over,” she said as we passed on the staircase. She was heading upstairs for a nap.
“That’s fine. Have a good nap.”
Outside, the heat was insane. The sun hung midway in the sky with no clouds to offer any relief. I was pretty sure all of the trees in the neighborhood had shrunk in the past few hours, too. The bright sun was intense and I had beads of sweat in my hairline before I reached Roberta. Inside, the car was stifling and the front of my shirt was spotted with a ring of sweat by the time I pulled out of the driveway and onto the main road. Flicking on the air conditioner, I waited while nothing happened. I waited a couple minutes longer, and still nothing happened.
“Crap,” I said, wiping sweat off my brow. The air conditioner was busted halfway through June. This wasn’t good.
I arrived at the diner in a puddle. Disgusted, I ran to the restroom to wash my face and do my best to pull myself together. It was pointless. I was a mess.
“What’s wrong with you?” Lem didn’t bother with the niceties. He called it like he saw it.
“Broken air conditioner in my car,” I said and rounded the corner to grab an apron.
“Shame,” he said. “I got a cousin over in Chareer that’s got a car shop. You oughta take it over to Jimmy Ray’s place and let him fix it.”
Lou and Lem’s cousin Jimmy Ray was famous in our county for taking bribes to pass car inspections and for overcharging on everything from a gallon of gas to an air filter. Even if I could afford fixing the stupid cooling system right now, there was no way I’d take my car there.
“Thanks,” was all I said.
“You see Lara lately?” He called from behind the grill. “She’s no-showed her last two shifts. I think your Nana should can her. Told her so, too.”
I shrugged my shoulders and didn’t say anything. I really didn’t know what she was going to do about Lara.
A couple hours into the shift, I watched the sun start to set over the dark pavement of the highway. The diner windows were grimy, so the scene outside was covered in a sort of smeary haze, but it was still pretty. I leaned forward on the coffee counter and watched the interstate traffic fly by on their way toward San Francisco. Or Salt Lake City. Wherever they were going, I was pretty certain it was better than being here in Shades right now.
The bell on the door handle jingled but I ignored it. It was Virginia’s table, anyway, and I heard her greet the newcomer. Still dreaming about driving off into the sunset, I nearly jumped out of my skin when Skye plunked down on the vinyl stool in front of me.
“Whoa,” I chirped by way of greeting. Standing up straighter, and trying to ignore the sharp pang I felt in my chest when I realized Renn wasn’t with him, I frowned. “What are you doing here?”
“It’s nice to see you, too, July,” he said as he grabbed a menu. He ordered a Sprite and a basket of fries. I went to the beverage counter and filled a large cup with his soda and returned to set it down in front of him.
“How are you?” I finally asked. Truth be told, I really didn’t care how Skye was. I wanted to know where Renn was. I’m sure Skye could tell because he didn’t bother answering my question. Instead, he pulled a phone out of his back pocket and plunked it down on the counter and slid it over to me.
“What’s this?”
“It’s a phone,” he said, extra slowly and in a loud voice. I was tempted to hit him with the dishrag I had hanging off the counter beside me, but when he smiled I decided I could forgive him just this once. He had the same dark eyes and lopsided smile as his cousin.
“Why are you giving me a phone?” I asked in an equally loud and slow voice.
“I don’t know,” he said. “Renn had me grab an old one of his last night when he texted me. This morning before they all left to the Stones, he told me to charge it and bring it to you. Said to tell you it was a loaner until you decided to join the 21st century and get one of your own.”
“I had a cell phone once,” I said defensively. “My grandmother’s dog tried to eat it. Then I smashed my replacement because my mom hung up on me.”
“Do you know how to send a text message?” I laughed at his question, but then realized he was serious.
“Really, Skye, I had a great phone three months ago. Of course I know how to text. Come on!”
He was laughing now and it took him a moment to pull himself together. 
“So, those were my orders. Bring you the phone. Tell you that you can use it as long as you need it. I even programmed my number in there for you. Dad’s too.”
Thanks, but no thanks. Coyote was the last person I’d call.
“I appreciate you bringing it by Skye,” I said and pushed it back. “But I can’t take it.”
Something told me that I would grow attached to this stupid thing and try as hard as I could to look too much into it. Just like I had with every single detail of my brief acquaintance with Renn.
But Skye slid it back.
“Seriously, July,” he said. “Please take this. At least until all that crazy stuff is sorted out. Then you can give it back to Renn. Or you can throw it down a flight of stairs. Whatever you want. I just know we’ll all feel better if we have a way to keep in touch with you.”
I stared at the phone for a moment. The last thing I felt like doing was whatever Renn wanted me to. The other last thing I wanted to do was to have no contact with Renn whatsoever. I was torn. Be principled and stick to my guns, or be a teen-aged girl with a mad crush on the most unavailable boy in the state.
Sliding the phone off the counter and into my back pocket, I went the silly girl route.
“Thanks, Skye,” I said picked up his soda to refill it while he finished his fries.
“How much do I owe you?” He asked, reaching for his wallet.
“No worries,” I said. “It’s on the house. Consider it a tip for outstanding delivery service.”
That made Skye laugh.
“I need to meet my mom back at her place in town soon,” he said standing up. He looked around the diner at Virginia and the scattered drivers as they chatted quietly. “Can you take a break right now or something?”
There weren’t any tables in my section, so I motioned to Virginia to let her know I was heading to a break.
Skye walked to the door and I followed behind him to his car. I stopped a few feet shy of him and he turned around. I waited. Skye looked around the parking lot and then back at me before he blew out a long breath.
“What is it?” I asked.
“You mad that they made you go home?” 
Skye was a guy all about getting to the point.
“No,” I lied. Skye knew it.
“Knock it off,” he said. “I’m asking you for real because I’m pissed I got sent to my mom’s like some stupid kid.”
I smiled at that, realizing I hadn’t even thought about why Skye wasn’t on some top secret mission for the group.
“I’m sorry. It sucks.”
He nodded. 
“Yeah it does. My dad doesn’t even have anything. No power. No hunches. No instinct. Nothing. He needs alternate methods of connecting to the spirit world, but he sends me home like I’m four years old,” Skye leaned back against a Honda Civic I assumed was his. “I’m sorry for how he treated you. He was a real ass the past couple of days.”
I didn’t know what to say.
“Whatever.”
I hoped it sounded nonchalant and not like a pouty kid, because mostly I felt like a pouty kid.
“Listen, I don’t know what’s up with you and Renn,” he began, but I cut him off.
“Nothing’s going on with me and Renn,” I said. 
He gave me a look that made it clear he didn’t believe me and shook his head.
“I’m not an idiot, July,” he said. “It’s obvious. And it’s obvious to my dad, too, that’s why he’s trying to scare you off. Renn’s been through a lot and I think my dad’s just trying to protect him.”
“What does that mean? A lot?”
Skye opened his mouth to speak, but closed it. Once more, he looked like he was going to say something, but thought better of it and stopped.
“I can’t,” he finally said. “It’s Renn’s story. It’s his life. He needs to be the one to tell you. Just know that my cousin has been through hell more than once and you’ve got to understand my dad doesn’t mean you any harm. He’s just trying to protect his nephew.”
I didn’t understand.
“I’m not trying to hurt Renn,” I said in a quiet voice. Did his family think I was?
“I know that,” he said. “And that’s why I’m here. I don’t want you to give up on him. There’s something different about him when he’s with you. You make him come alive and no one else ever has. You’re special to Renn and I want you to fight for him.”
Stunned, I didn’t know what to say.
“I don’t think you know what you’re talking about, Skye,” I finally said. “Renn’s got Hannah. He’s told me before there can’t be anything between us because of her.”
That made him laugh.
“Trust me, that moron volleyball player isn’t why Renn is keeping his distance,” he said. “He’s convinced himself that’s all he’s good for, so he dates morons and never sticks around long. But it’s different with you and he knows and I know it and even my idiot dad sees something. So I’m telling you, don’t give up on Renn.”
Unsure what to say, I gave Skye a weak nod and turned to go back inside. Halfway in, he called my name.
“Later on, a bunch of letters and numbers are going to flash on that little screen. It’s called a text. It’ll be from me,” he was teasing me again and I smiled. “Seriously, though. I’m going to text you later. What do you say you and me go see if we can’t see what the old folks and Renn are up to? I have a feeling it’s not going to be as easy as they thought it was going to be.”
I nodded and turned back to the diner, walking in the front door.
I’d been thinking the same thing. It seemed Renn and the council were operating off very little information and could possibly be in way over their heads.
I stopped short and dialed Camille’s number. She picked up.
“Hello?” She didn’t sound overly friendly, but she probably didn’t recognize the number.
“Hey, it’s July,” I said, relieved to hear her friendly tone return.
“New phone?”
“Sort of,” I said and I noticed Lem frowning at me through the small, rectangular window of the front door. I frowned right back at him and gestured for him to mind his own business. “Listen, I need you to stay inside tonight.”
She laughed. 
“What?”
“I know it sounds crazy,” I said. “But there’s just a lot of rumors of creepy stuff going on.. So until they figure it out, promise me that you and Prince Charming will make it a movie marathon for the next couple nights?”
I heard her muffled voice talking to somebody close by. A deep voice responded something to her I couldn’t understand.
“Sounds good to us,” she said. “Thanks for the idea.”
“Sure thing,” I said a little glumly, jealous at the excitement she was feeling for the next couple of days. I hung with her and trudged back inside.




Chapter Twenty-three

The shift went slowly. Painfully slowly. 
I was wiping down the stools at the end of my shift when Sherilee walked in. I glanced up and said hello, but paused when I saw the look on her face. Her brows were knit together and she had a frown. A few seconds later, I realized why. 
Willard, the sheriff’s deputy, walked in behind Sherilee with his Stetson in his hand.
I looked at Sherilee and then at the deputy.
“What is it?” I finally asked.
“Willard seems to think Lara’s gone missing,” Sherilee said.
“She’s a flake,” Lem called from the bowels of the kitchen. “The new girl’s just partied too hard with her boyfriend and is sleeping it off somewhere.”
“Evenin’, Mr. Carroll,” Willard said with a nod toward the kitchen. He looked at me.
“Have you heard anything from Ms. Espinoza in the last couple days?”
“I haven’t worked since Friday afternoon,” I said. “This is my first shift back and Nana hasn’t mentioned it.”
“The first shift she missed was last night,” Virginia said from the bus tub. “Then this afternoon. That’s why July’s here.”
Willard scribbled in a small notebook he pulled from his shirt pocket.
“Has someone reported her missing?” I asked, eyeing Lem picking up the phone. He was calling Nana, I knew it.
“Her mom’s been trying to get in touch with her since Sunday night. Said she’s been staying with her boyfriend in a trailer out by the river. But there’s no sign of anyone out there and the boyfriend’s been in Nebraska since last weekend staying with his mother.”
None of us had much to offer Willard and it wasn’t long before he bid us all a good evening and told us to give his office a call if we heard anything. A few minutes after he left, Nana burst through the doors. Lem met her by the cash register and the two whispered back and forth while Lem caught her up. Nana shook her head and rubbed her eyes with her right hand. It was her tell. She was worried. Making her way over to me, she pulled me into a half hug against her.
“Hey there, Buttercup,” she said. “You should head on home now. It’s been a long afternoon.”
Nodding, I moved to hang up my apron and grab my backpack from the lockers in the kitchen. Reaching for my stuff, I noticed the phone Skye had left with me. I’d forgotten all about it.
Tossing it in my back pocket, I walked out the back door and fired up the car. As I was backing out of the spot, my back pocket vibrated. Freezing, I looked around, wondering if spirits were attacking me. Staying perfect still, I held my breath and felt it again.
The phone. I’d already forgotten about putting it in my pocket.
Chuckling at myself, I pulled it out and got to the home screen. It was a text message from Skye—he’d programmed his phone number into there as promised.


Text Message From: Skyes Phone
Hey… Renn said they just finished 
warding your place. You should be 
all good. Get some sleep. I might 
wake you up later. 
-s.

My first reaction was disappointment that Renn hadn’t messaged me to let me know. Upon checking the phone’s directory, my heart sank a little further when I realized Renn’s phone number wasn’t even programmed into the stupid thing. It was just Skye and my old friend Coyote. I wondered how they’d managed to ward the house with Nana at home, but she’d looked so tired earlier today that I was certain she would have slept through a hurricane.
The drive home was over before I realized I’d thought about Renn and a bunch of old weirdos doing weird warding things in the hedges while my grandmother was zonked out. Someday, I reasoned, my life might actually make sense. It might be normal again. But I doubted it.
It was minutes past dark when I pulled in and cut the engine, thankful that Nana had kept the front porch light on for me. I got out and looked around. Nothing looked very “warded” to me. The trashcan lid was still askew on the can. The flowers out front were wilted beyond repair. I didn’t feel anything, either. No special buzz, no energy. I pulled the phone out of my pocket and asked Skye via text what exactly a ward did, and who it kept out. By the time I got inside and dropped my bag, he’d written back.


Text Message From: Skyes Phone
Renn said it should keep out 
pretty much everything. Maybe 
even your friend. But 
mostly evil.
Maybe your ghost friend 
is evil? 
-s.

I laughed at the thought of Ernie being anything other than a pain and I hoped this ward didn’t keep him away. He was turning out to be pretty useful for information from the other side.
With the Styrofoam container I’d brought my dinner home in one hand and the phone in the other, I went straight up to my room to watch a little television and eat. No idea what I was going to watch, but it beat watching the phone on Renn’s screen not light up with messages from him. Just in case, I laid a bath towel over my comforter and set into the runny spaghetti and meatballs Lem made for me. When it came right down to it, Lem was a pretty terrible cook and I think the only reason Nana kept him around is because he and his brother Lou were such good friends with Pop when he was still alive.
Along with the spaghetti, Tuesday night television was pretty lame. A singing show I wasn’t interested in and one version or another of the New York police procedural. I hated those worse than I hated canned talent shows so I stayed with the singers murdering Whitney Houston and Madonna. Right in the middle of one of the judge’s watered-down, passive aggressive critiques, I decided I needed a soda and made a dash downstairs to dig one out of the refrigerator. Muffin ran partway down the upstairs hall with me and stopped at the top of the stairs as I went down. Lazy dog.
In a flash, I had the can and was back upstairs and just as I rounded the corner, I saw Ernie’s figure sitting on the edge of my bed frowning at the television set. 
“Come on!” I squealed, dropping the soda on my foot. 
He gave me a funny look and just shook his head. 
“You’re too jumpy,” he said.
“I’m going to put a bell on you,” I muttered as I bent to pick up the can that’d rolled under my bed. I stood and set it on my dresser to give it some time to not explode in my face when I popped the top. “Got anything interesting to tell me?”
Ernie didn’t take his eyes off the screen and I had to ask him again.
“What? Sorry. What do they call this program? And where are their clothes?” He finally broke his stare and looked over his shoulder at me. “I got nothing for you right now. Those kooks were out here earlier chanting and waving stuff around while your boyfriend pouted in the car. He’s not very happy. Got a mug on him like…well, you.”
“Thanks, Ernie.”
He laughed at his own joke and looked back at the television.
“No word on the other spirits from earlier?”
Again, he shook his head without looking away from the girl in the tiny mini dress.
“No trace of them right now.”
I wondered if it was rude to ask a ghost how he died. I was pretty sure that in normal circumstances if someone didn’t offer that sort of information, you didn’t ask. But this was Ernie. He’d called me names. He’d made fun of my love life and basically told me to quit being such a pansy. So I asked.
“What’s your story, Ernie? Why are you here? Did you die in this house or something?”
This time, he didn’t ignore me for whatever singer was squelching off key. Ernie turned around and raised an eyebrow at me.
“Now you’re asking who I am?”
I shrugged.
“I’m asking who you were, actually.”     
Certain he would ignore me or find a way to put me off, I was shocked when he answered. First though, he pulled a packet of phantom cigarettes out of his shirt pocket and lit it. Taking a long pull of the non-burning thing, he blew out a long, wispy puff of chimera smoke.
“I was a machinist. Worked in a factory outside Chicago.”
Just like that. Ernie was a machinist who lived near Chicago. There was more to it, I could tell. His eyes were cast down on the floor and he studied my carpet over the space of a few breaths.
“I’m sure you’re wondering how I died, kid. Looking for some great story?”
He wasn’t looking for me to answer, so I didn’t.
“I died because I was a coward.”
The sentence hung in the air between us and I didn’t move. Or dare breathe too loud. What had killed Ernie?
“I died in 1942 on the interstate when my car ran off the road headlong into a tree a few miles from here. That’s what I can piece together, anyways. It was the day after Valentine’s Day. I’d had a big fight with Mary Lou the day before and I was headed out to San Francisco because a friend at the factory knew a guy who knew a guy who could get me papers.”
I had no idea what he was talking about.
“What would you need papers for?”
“An exemption, kid. My two older brothers had volunteered for the Army. My youngest brother was joining the Marines and my old man couldn’t look me in the eye whenever I went home to visit my mother. I wouldn’t volunteer. By the time they bombed Hawaii, everyone’s number was getting pulled, so long as you had a pulse and a trigger finger, and I figured my luck was running out. So I was heading out to get papers.”
Ernie leaned forward so his elbows rested on his knees and he pulled another long drag off his cigarette.
“So you were headed out to find a way out of the draft?”
He nodded with a quick jerk of his head.
“And then I hit a patch of ice and its lights out for me. Mary Lou told my old man where I was headed and it was all my mother could do to get him to go to my funeral,” Ernie’s gruff voice was soft now, smaller and for once, it matched his young face. “My brother Chip died in Africa with the 34th nine months later and a few months after that, just about a year to the day I took a dirt nap in the backwoods of Wyoming, Hank’s killed in Guadalcanal. And I’m the jackass my parents had to bury first because I died trying to run away from my duty.”
My heart hurt for Ernie. I wasn’t sure what to say to him and I could tell the door to his past was closing for now. He was done talking about himself and his family. Truth be told, I was a little done listening for the moment. I felt his pain, right in the center of my chest and if I wasn’t careful, tears would start.
“So you just sort of stuck around Wyoming all these years?” It was a serious question but I did my best to layer on plenty of sarcasm to free Ernie from all this self reflection.
“It ain’t by choice, kid, I can tell you that much. Mostly I have no concept of time and how much has passed, like I did when I first died. I counted every damned second back then, hoping for something to set me free. Send me up or down…one way or the other, just no more hanging around here in the gray. Once in a while, I’ll get some sort of feeling that I need to check something out but there’s nothing there. Got that feeling not too long ago and for the first time in sixty-five or seventy years, someone can finally see me. Forgive me if I come on a little strong, but the ghost gig’s certainly lacking in the entertainment department. You’re the first conversation I’ve had in a real long time.”
The thought made me laugh. Decades of time to work on it and his conversation skills were pretty lousy.
“Wonder why you and I can see each other,” I said, mostly to myself. “I’ve never seen spirits before.”
“No clue, kid,” he said, turning his attention back to the screen. “I’m just glad you’re here.”
I smiled at that.
“Same here, Ernie.”
Renn’s phone vibrated on the nightstand and I picked it up to check the message. It was Skye.

Text Message From: Skyes Phone
You up?

I messaged him back and let him know I was.

Text Message From: Skyes Phone
Some thing’s not right. 
Nobody’s answering. 
I’m on my way over to 
get you. Tell your ghost 
friend we’re gonna need 
his help.

“Some thing’s wrong, Ernie,” I said, looking up from my phone. But the room was empty. 
Ernie was gone.
‘


Chapter Twenty-four

I knew Skye was on his way, so I gave Nana a call to check in. Her voice sounded weak and she didn’t try to hide her fatigue.
“Still no word on Lara,” she said. 
Something gnawed at my stomach thinking about Lara. Nana interrupted my thoughts.
“I need to sleep, Buttercup,” she said. “I’m so sorry. I just don’t think I’d make the drive home. Are you going to be okay again tonight? Any chance you can go sleep at your friend’s house again? I’d feel better if you did. This whole business has me worried.”
I told her that I’d sleep at Camille’s house if possible, but I knew I was lying. Hanging up the phone, I went downstairs to feed Muffin dinner when I heard gravel out front.
Skye pulled up in an older Explorer that, from the looks of it against the porch light, had seen better days. He jumped out and ran to the porch.
“Did you hear anything from anyone?” I asked.
He shook his head and the look on his face had me worried. Skye’s mouth was set in a grim line and the smile that usually reached his eyes was gone. He was worried about his father and his cousin.
“What are we going to do?” I walked to the passenger side and let myself in and Skye piled his tall frame into the driver’s seat.
“My first guess would be to go out to the Stones,” he threw the car into reverse and jammed on the gas. I flew forward and put my hand out to stop myself from slamming against the seatbelt. I let out an oof.
“Sorry,” he said. “My driving takes a little getting used to.”
“Yeah,” I muttered. “And a hefty life insurance policy.”
Gravel flew as Skye peeled out and I was so thankful my grandmother wasn’t home. She’d likely have jumped in her own car, chased him down, and yanked me back to the house. She didn’t tolerate much by way of teenaged nonsense.
“Your ghost have anything helpful to…” he started but stopped abruptly and glanced in the rearview mirror. I looked at the expression on his face.
“What is it?”
Taking his eyes off the mirror, he spoke in a very quiet voice.
“He’s here.”
“Who?” I asked, panicked and looking out my window in the dark. “Who’s here, Skye?”
“He’s talking about me, kid.”
My head whipped to the backseat to find Ernie sitting there, looking comfy as can be. I looked from Ernie to Skye and back again. Skye wasn’t looking in the backseat but he looked nervous and kept his eyes on the road.
“You see him?”
“Of course I see the kid,” Ernie began but I put my hand up in the air to hush him.
“Not you,” I said over my shoulder. I was looking at Skye.
He glanced in the rearview mirror again but shook his head.
“I can’t see him,” he finally said. “But I know he’s here. I can’t explain it. There’s this knot in my chest and if I concentrate, I can make out a really hazy outline of him. But I can’t really see him.”
“Tell him to stop trying so hard to see me or you two are gonna end up on the wrong end of a pine tree like me.”
That made me smile. A little.
“He said to keep driving.”
Skye nodded and kept quiet.
“Where have you been?”
“No clue,” Ernie said. “Too much time out here with you makes me weak and I can’t come back for a while. How long’s it been?”
Glancing at the clock on the dash, I told him it’d been about an hour.
“So where’re we headed?” Ernie spread his arms out along the back seat, looking mighty comfortable.
“We’re going to check out by the Stones,” I said. “You know where they are?”
Ernie shook his head. 
“Can’t find them for some reason,” he said. “No clue why. I’m sort of stuck with you today. I can’t travel like I normally do.”
I told Skye what he’d said about being stuck.
“It could have something to do with the wards,” Skye said. “Maybe they warded you, too, July and he’s stuck until it’s gone.”
“She’s stuck with me a hell of a lot longer than that,” Ernie mumbled from the back seat.
We sped through a deserted town and I couldn’t help but feel a heaviness in the air. Light gray clouds were illuminated between the moon and the inky night sky. It seemed like more than one storm was brewing.
“Tell me what you know about what they might have tried to do out there tonight,” I broke the silence in the cab.
Skye thought a moment and exhaled a long breath.
“They would have had Leonard try to read between the worlds to see if there was any trace of them and where their source of power might be coming from.”
“How does he do that?”
Skye shrugged.
“He’s a shaman, that’s what he does—he works between the worlds and makes sure the boundaries stay protected. If a spirit is lost, he tries to help them back. If someone is dying or recently dead, he’s been known to show them the way, too. He’s pretty powerful.”
“Do you think they’ve ever dealt with something like this? Something that’s more myth and less human?”
“I’m pretty sure this is the weirdest crap I’ve ever seen them do,” Skye said. “But I don’t know how much my dad tells me. Seems like he’s been keeping secrets lately.”
I wasn’t surprised that Coyote was keeping secrets. Seemed to me that was what he was good at—that and intimidation.
“What role do the Stones play?” We were out of town limits now. There were no street lamps to light the landscape—only the Explorer’s dim headlights showed the way. A quick glance behind me and I saw Ernie was gone.
“He left a little while ago,” Skye said, eyes on the road. “The pressure in my chest is gone. How do you deal with that?”
I had no idea what he was talking about.
“I’ve never felt pressure in my chest when he’s around,” I said, thinking about it. “Or with the other ones, actually. I get an urge to look in a certain direction and there they are.”
I glanced over and Skye was giving me an odd look.
“What?”
He frowned, but turned his eyes back to the road.
“The Stones are a source of power,” Skye said. “I’m pretty sure they were hoping they’d serve as some sort of natural barrier if they could trap the demon in them. Things like water are natural barriers if you use them right—evil spirits hate water and can’t get out if it’s deep enough. Same with sacred groves—enough warded trees and they’re like cattle behind an electric fence. My guess is they were hoping Leonard could turn the circle of Stones into a pen.”
Skye veered off the road suddenly and before I knew it, we were bouncing down a rough trail that took us across dry river beds and thick brush. I prayed that his beat up old rig could clear the debris. There’d be nothing worse than finding ourselves stranded this far out on a night like this. Lucky for us, the truck held up.
“How does someone activate the Stones?”
He shrugged.
“Leonard’s probably the most powerful in the circle,” he said. “He’d just need to have the intention to open the magic up and it’d probably work. There’s no secret passwords with this stuff—either you have it or you don’t.”
I looked at Skye’s profile in the bouncing light. So much like Renn. Same strong jaw, same straight nose. But Skye’s eyes were gentle and young—Renn’s eyes hid so much from me. 
He slammed the brakes on without warning and I flew against the belt again.
“Skye!” I screeched, rubbing my neck. 
“Sorry,” he said, unbuckling and jumping out his door. He kept the keys in the ignition and I let myself out of my door, joining him in front of the Explorer.
The headlights shone in front of us. About ten yards away stood what I guessed where the Stones. They were huge and stacked in an odd arrangement. Some were upright and leaning against each other. Others were horizontal and on top of the vertical ones. In all, they stood about twenty feet tall with nooks and dark crevices on each level.
“What are these things?” I whispered.
“Trouble.”
Ernie was back, standing right next to me.
Skye looked back where I was.
“What did he say?”
I looked at the Stones again.
“He said they’re trouble.”
“Ain’t that the truth,” Skye said walking toward them. From his back pocket he pulled a flashlight.
“Where are you going?”
He was skirting around the structure, shining his light up.
“No sign—”
I heard the sound of sliding rocks and something solid hitting the ground. Light fell from the Stones and bounced on the ground, illuminating a sagebrush.
“Skye!” I screamed and ran toward him.
“Careful, kid,” Ernie warned me, but I didn’t listen.
I reached the flashlight and plucked it from the thorny bush. It didn’t take me long to see half of Skye, clinging to a small mesquite tree. Shining the light on him, I realized his other half was being swallowed up by a giant hole in the ground. His grip was slipping and the roots of the sapling were starting to come up from the ground.
Lunging forward, I grabbed his arm right above the shoulder and pulled as hard as I could. It didn’t seem like I was making much of a difference but I kept straining against the weight of a nearly fully grown man losing a battle against gravity. My muscles burned and just as I thought we were goners, Skye was able to pull one leg over the edge and we both went flying backwards into the thorny tree.
“Are you okay?” I asked, shining him in the face with the light. “What was that?”
Skye rolled to his back and lied there panting for another couple seconds trying to catch his breath.
“Dull Blade,” he wheezed, still flat on his back. I gave him a second to catch his breath.
I gave him my hand and helped him to his feet. Skye took the flashlight from me and shined it down the hole that had nearly consumed him.
“I can’t believe I didn’t remember it,” he said.
“What’s Dull Blade?”
“It’s a limestone cavern or some sort of deep geothermal pool according to textbooks,” he said. “But some people believed a dull blade was the best revenge against an enemy. So some of the tribes back in the day would wage war against the U.S. Calvary and goad them into chasing them back here and into the cavern. You don’t make it back out of Dull Blade, according to legend.”
I peeked over the edge into the hole. The water was dark and an odd-colored green. And really, really far down. The entire hole was narrow and rocky and one heck of a drop down, maybe ten or fifteen feet from what I could guess. 
“It’s just short enough across that a skilled horseman could jump over it if they were expecting it and knew when to spur the horse. But if you didn’t see it coming, it was over.”
I shivered looking down Dull Blade. How many people had fallen victim to it?
Skye looked back toward the headlights of the truck and pulled me away from the edge.
“He’s back.”
Sure enough, when we got back to the Explorer, Ernie was standing near the passenger door.
“You need to go,” he said.
“What’s happening?”
“They’re in the town,” he said. “I can feel it. It’s bad, kid.”
I looked over to Skye who was already jumping into the driver’s seat. He had his phone in his hand.
“I don’t know what your friend just said, but Renn’s just sent me a message telling me to lock myself in the basement. Time to go.”
I pulled the door shut and clicked my seat belt. 
Skye tore away from the Stones and back toward the highway.
Ernie was gone. Again.







Chapter Twenty-five

“Where does he go?”
Skye asked the question but kept his focus on the bouncing terrain ahead of us as we drove back to the highway to return to Shades. I think he was talking just to distract himself from the pain he must have been feeling. The fall into Dull Blade had left a nasty gash on his head and his forearms were skinned and bleeding, too. I’d asked him if he was okay when we first got in the truck and he didn’t answer me. He hadn’t spoken for most of the five or so miles we’d already driven until he asked about Ernie.
“He says he gets weak when he stays too long here,” I said. “He’s called it ‘the gray’ before, but I don’t know what that means. I wonder if you’ll be able to see him soon.”
“I’m not sure I want that particular gift,” Skye said, finally smiling. “I like my privacy.”
“That’s the truth,” I laughed. “I threatened to put a cat bell on him earlier. I don’t like surprises like that. I think he’s using all his energy to find the council. He mentioned they’re in town and all hell has broken loose.”
Skye pressed harder on the accelerator once we’d made it to the smooth highway and we sped back toward town.
“Did you see anything back at the Stones?”
He didn’t say anything for half a breath.
“Yes,” he finally said.
I waited for an explanation.
“I saw huge claw marks across the side of the formation, about ten feet up or so. They looked new.”
Claw marks in stone? I didn’t like the sound of that.
“Great.”
Skye nodded.
“Do we need to stop for something for your cuts? They look pretty bad.”
“No,” he said. “If this is all I get by the time the night’s over, I’ll consider myself damn lucky.”
Minutes later, we finally approached the outskirts of Shades and I immediately noticed that none of the street lamps were lit.
“Weren’t those on when we drove out?” Skye pointed at one of them.
“Yes,” I said. “They were.”
Skye slowed the vehicle down a bit and we tried to peer into the darkness at the houses and outlying shops that led into downtown. Nothing was lit. Not a front porch light, not a television through a front window, not a neon business sign. Nothing.
“I sure wish your friend would pop out and tell us which direction to head toward,” Skye muttered as we crawled past empty sidewalks and dark buildings.
We drove closer to town center hoping somebody would have a light on somewhere. No luck. Near the library Skye came to a stop.
“What?”
“Is he here?” Skye jerked a thumb toward the back seat and I looked where he pointed. But Ernie wasn’t there.
“No,” I said. “You feel something?”
Skye frowned but nodded.
I looked out toward the weak wash of light the headlights cast and I sucked in a breath. The creepy little girl from two nights ago. No longer standing in the middle of a crowded intersection, she stood about ten feet from the front of Skye’s car.
He must have seen my face.
“What? You’re seeing something?”
I couldn’t speak but I nodded.
The little girl, complete with droopy bow and knee-length tea dress, smiled at me like she did before. A slow, spreading smile that merely bared her teeth instead of conveying genuine happiness. I hated that smile. My skin crawled.
“It’s a creepy little ghost I saw a couple days ago,” I explained, keeping my eyes on her. “She’s staring at me.”
“I hate ghosts,” Skye grumbled beside me. 
“That’s not very nice, July.”
I heard it inside my head. A young, distant sounding voice that I instantly knew belonged to the little freak in the headlights.
“She’s in my head,” My voice rising to a panic as I tried to explain to Skye. “She’s talking to me in my mind. I have no idea what to do.”
Skye looked at me with a blank look. He didn’t have much to offer.
“Try the same back at her,” he said. “Use your mind to tell her to piss off.”
I couldn’t help but smile. It was a great thought.
Go away, I projected toward her and she immediately stopped smiling. Crap.
“You have bad manners,” the little she-ghost admonished me. “You need me. You would be lost if I didn’t tell you where they are.”
I took a deep breath.
“She says I need to be nice to her because she’s going to tell us where they are.”
“I’m starting to make out a hazy outline of her,” Skye said, squinting. “Short little thing. Weird clothes?”
I nodded.
“My clothes are beautiful. My mummy told me so!”
I’m sorry, I said. You’re adorable. Where are they? Why are all of the lights in town off?
“My name is Amelia. It prefers the dark. People are scared of the dark.”
I waited for her to tell me where the others where but she didn’t say anything.
Please, Amelia. Who likes the dark? And where are the others?
“What is his name?” She asked about Skye. “Tell him I’m Amelia.”
Oh, come on.
“She wants me to tell you her name is Amelia,” I said, getting frustrated.
Skye waved into the distance and I actually heard the little ghost giggle.
“I like him. I don’t want him to die tonight so I am going to help you. But I don’t like you. You’re mean.”
My blood chilled at that. What sort of say did this little ghost have over who lived and died tonight? I pushed the thought away and tried to play nice, still unsure how I was doing this whole ghost telepathy thing.
Thank you, Amelia. And I’m not so bad when I’m not scared. I’m actually pretty nice.
She gave me a disbelieving huff and shrugged her shoulders, dismissing me.
“Go to the old cattle storage.”
And just like Ernie, only a whole lot creepier, little Amelia disappeared.
“She’s gone. She said the old cattle storage—but I don’t know what that is.”
“I do,” Skye said and peeled away, screeching tires.
“She said whatever it is, it likes the dark, but that’s it. She mostly wanted me to tell you that she liked you.”
I didn’t include the part about Skye potentially dying. I was spooked enough; I didn’t need him scared, too, especially after almost falling into Dull Blade. His forehead had finally stopped bleeding but his arms still looked wet and raw.
Straight through a dark town we drove. Very few people were out and when a flash of lightening split across the sky, I was actually relieved. Maybe a storm would keep more people inside right now. 
Pulling into the empty Goodwill parking lot, Skye parked the car and cut the engine. I looked around.
“This doesn’t look like a cattle storage,” I said and got out of the car when he did.
He pointed across the street to the huge abandoned warehouse. Nana had told me I’d be grounded for a decade if my friends or I ever got the brilliant idea to hang out there. If she could see me now…
“Used to be the place the ranchers held the cattle after they brought it from the ranches out of town. They’d wait for the trucks to come get them and bring them to the slaughterhouse. It’s been abandoned as long as I’ve been alive.”
It was a run-down, two-story wooden building with missing windows and a yard full of abandoned farm equipment and car parts.
“Looks like your front yard,” I said, trying to lighten the mood a little. That, and I was nervous. If I didn’t crack a joke, I might cry. Skye chuckled. 
We jogged across the street and as we approached the property he stopped and handed me a second flashlight.
“You ready?” He asked. I wasn’t sure that I was.
“I don’t know, Skye,” I said. “What if that little girl was lying? Or setting us up? And what’s the plan if we do find the thing?”
Skye looked over his shoulder at the building and then back at me.
“I don’t know,” he said. “But I need to find my dad and my cousin. This is all I’ve got to go on. And I think your friend is going to come through for us when we need him. Something about the way I feel calm and relaxed when he’s around. I can’t explain it. I just trust this.”
Two weeks ago and I would have run crying and screaming for my Nana’s basement with a tub of Ben and Jerry’s and my grandmother’s shotgun. But today, right now, I knew everything had changed. I’d changed. My entire world had changed and I could either run and pray everything magically changed back, or I could stand my ground and try to help. I believed that I played a bigger role in this than Coyote or the council gave me credit for and so did Skye. That was enough for me right now.
“Okay,” I said. “Let’s go.”
I followed behind as Skye squeezed past the kicked in door. Inside, the halls were just as crowded with debris as the outside and I gripped the back of his t-shirt to steady myself as we climbed over upended desks and empty boxes. Moving down the hallway, I tried to make as little noise as possible. Partly because I wanted to be able to hear Renn if he was in here, but mostly because I didn’t want the stupid dzoavit to hear me and come eat my face. In my terror as we moved through the darkness, that’s what I imagined they did. Face eating or soul sucking. Awful things. I was deep in my terrifying reverie when we finally heard a crash on the floor above us and the sound of footsteps. 
Skye heard it too and he moved quicker. I prayed he knew where he was going and that he didn’t mind me dragging behind him because there was no way I’d be able to navigate on my own.
We finally came to a staircase that creaked with every stupid step we took. Skye moved to the very edge of one side to avoid the center of the rotten wooden steps and I went to the opposite side, two steps below. I had to let go of him now and I hated it. Moving painfully slow to avoid making too much noise, we ascended the stairs one single step at a time.
We’d made it up one half of the first floor staircase and now had to round a platform to tackle the other half. 
Loud steps thundered from the hallway above us and I watched Skye shrink into the dark shadows and kill the flashlight. I pushed myself against the railing below Skye and hoped I blended in even a little bit. The steps were chaotic and loud and heavy and suddenly breathing was nearly impossible. I held my breath and felt the tears welling up in my eyes. 
I gripped the wooden rail so tight I was pretty sure my fingers would snap and I squeezed my eyes shut.
Above me, I sensed Skye moving and looked up to see him running up the stairs. Panicking, I ran to catch up. Just as I reached the top, Skye’s body slammed into mine and we fell back down the five or six feet we’d just climbed up. We crashed onto the platform hard and there was an immediate scuffle. Skye was fighting someone. Or something.
“Skye! What the hell are you doing here? Who’s with you?”
The voice was angry and probably the most beautiful thing I’d heard in a long time.
It was Renn and he wasn’t happy to see Skye. 
Aiming a flashlight first at his cousin and then shifting it straight into my eyes I flinched and heard him curse.
He was even less happy to see me.












Chapter Twenty-six

Skye stood and turned to help me up but was shoved aside. I felt Renn’s hand on my arm and he pulled me up, keeping the flashlight out of my face, but inspecting me for damage, I assumed.
“What are you doing here, July?”
I babbled a little but mostly just looked to Skye to help me out. Coyote had found him by this point, though, so he was getting a tongue lashing of his own. Skye was trying to explain what had happened to his face but Coyote wasn’t really listening. Before I could muddle a sentence together to explain what had happened, I heard more feet coming down the stairs.
“Move! Move! Move!” It was Leonard. 
Renn put his arm around my waist and pulled me back out of the way. He flashed his light to give Leonard light to see by and suddenly I understood—Leonard and Billie each had one of Silas’ arms slung over their shoulders and they were half carrying, half dragging him down the stairs. When they were just a few steps in front of me, I saw four wide gashes that ran from his neck, down a shredded and bloody t-shirt, and nearly to his stomach. Something had raked enormous nails across his torso and he was in bad shape. His head lolled from side to side and his eyes weren’t open, though he was trying to move his feet as they walked.
The three began the descent down to the first floor and Coyote grabbed Skye and pushed him directly behind Leonard and Billie and followed his son down to the first floor. It was our turn. I grabbed the railing to my right and took a step. I felt what was happening before I realized something was wrong—the rotted wood gave way as I stepped in the center of the stair and my foot went through the board. I yelped and stumbled forward. Renn’s arms were back around my waist and he pulled me up and held me as I tried to yank my foot free. The jagged planks tore at my skin and I cried out.
Down below, Skye and Coyote had turned to see what happened.
“Just go,” Renn whispered as loud as he dared. “We’ll be right behind you.”
Coyote nodded and led Skye out the way we’d come in. I had no idea how Leonard and Billie were managing with Silas. I’d hardly made it over all the trash on the way in and they were all but carrying the injured man at this point.
“Crap,” I hissed. “My foot is stuck.”
Renn bent down and tried to pry some of the shards of wood away to make room for my foot to come free.
“I’m going to throttle you as soon as we’re out of here,” he said to no one in particular. Well, he was talking to me, actually.
“The ghosts are talking to me,” I said and put my hand on his back for balance as he gently tried to tug my foot free of its prison.
“Hasn’t he always talked to you?” I heard Renn sigh in frustration. My foot wasn’t budging. “You’re really stuck, July.”
“No, the little girl I saw in traffic the other day. I think she has a thing for your cousin.” I tested the step myself and there was no way I’d be able to yank my foot out without shredding my skin on the sharp wood splinters. I’m sure there were a few rusty nails thrown in there for good measure, too.
Renn stopped trying to maneuver my foot and stood up. He froze and turned his head. When he put his hand up to keep me from talking, I knew something was wrong. It didn’t take long for me to hear it, either. Banging, followed by what sounded like glass breaking, came from the first floor. It was coming from the opposite end of the long hall that Skye and I had come through. Whatever it was down there was charging down the hallway and not bothering to be quiet. Metal crashing and glass breaking grew louder and I looked at Renn.
“You’ve got to pull it free,” he whispered and I nodded. Without much fanfare, I yanked my foot straight up and cried out through gritted teeth when the shards of what was left the step tore apart the bones of my ankle and the top of my foot. My foot came free but my slip-on sneaker wasn’t so lucky. Somewhere underneath the staircase I heard it hit the floor with a muffled thump. 
Down below, something let out a terrifying screech.
“Let’s go,” Renn pushed me back toward the landing to go upstairs. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a packet of something and kneeled down to the floor. With painstaking concentration that I couldn’t fathom at a moment like this, he laid a trail of the substance across the staircase we’d just came up and all the way across platform. He stopped when they reached the far side of the stairs that led to the second floor—a step below me. He jumped across the imaginary line he’d just laid down and pulled me up the last few steps, hobbling on a bloody, shoe-less foot. 
Something down below crashed into the staircase and I let out a scream without meaning to. Whatever was down there snarled and ran up the first few stairs toward the landing but stopped right at the first line Renn had laid down. I stood next to him and he flashed his light over the railing down at it.
The demon looked up at us and my mouth fell open, but I was too terrified to make a sound.
The demon, the ancient evil, had taken the bloody, bloated body of Lara. Grotesque features and a larger frame than I remembered. Whatever it was hardly fit in Lara’s small body and had stretched the shoulders wider and made itself taller. Her eyes were blacked out with no pupils and her mouth was bloody and black and pulled back into a viscous snarl. She looked up at us and let out a hollow, thin shriek that rattled my head and made me cover my eyes.
“Go,” Renn said and pushed me away. “We need to find a way out of here before it figures out how to get across.”
He grabbed my hand and pulled me toward a row of windows at the end of the hall.
“What’s holding it back?”
Renn was checking the windows but none would budge—they were sealed shut.
“It’s just salt—it’s not permanent. It’ll figure it out soon.”
“That was Lara—a girl from the diner.”
Renn moved to another window and looked out. I wasn’t sure what he was searching for, but whatever it was, he wasn’t finding it.
“That’s not her,” he said. “It’s taken over her body. Probably killed her by taking her life force—it’s just using her body as a vehicle right now while it grows stronger. Blood seems to make it stronger. Stay here.”
I stood by the window as he ran back to the staircase and peeked over. I heard him curse.
“Your blood was on that step, wasn’t it?”
He came back over toward me and I nodded.
“Why? What’s happening?”
I could tell Renn didn’t want to tell me but I forced him to.
“It’s got a taste of your blood—it’s not going to stop until it catches you. It wants your essence now that it’s on its tongue. It’s down there tearing about the steps trying to find the rest of it.”
Fairly certain I was going to be sick, I leaned back against the wall.
“What about Silas? Him too?”
“Most likely. It got a lot stronger after it got a hold of him. Took all of us to fight the damn thing off and we all got slashed up. But it was trying to rip through Silas’ throat to get to his blood. It’s tasted him.”
“And me.”
Without thinking better of it, I slid down to the floor and leaned my head back against the rough wall.
“What happened to you guys?”
“We came up here looking for the thing thinking we’d just bind it into submission with some damn chants. The thing was so strong it broke right through the binds Leonard was building and pounced onto Silas. By the time Coyote and I’d beaten it back, you guys must have arrived. It took off down the stairs after it heard you outside.”
Down below, the demon that looked like my former coworker started screeching. Short, angry bursts of rage over and over.
In the dim flashlight, he must have seen me looking over toward the stairs.
“It’s frustrated,” he explained, kneeling down next to me, but keeping an eye on the window. “It still can’t get past the barrier.”
He squinted into the distance outside, studying something.
“What are you looking for?”
Renn looked at me and tried to smile for my sake.
“They won’t leave us, July,” he said. “They’ll get Silas to safety and they’ll come back for us. I just don’t want them walking into a trap.”
With a loud click, Renn switched off the flashlight. Bathed in total darkness, my heart started racing again and my mind tried to keep up. Should we be looking for another exit up here? Preparing ourselves to jump from one of these windows?
“Oh no,” Renn whispered.
“What? What is it?” I struggled to get to my knees and I peered out the glass to the darkened street below. From the swing of a flashlight, I could tell someone was approaching. Just as a cloud moved out from in front of the moon briefly, I saw it was Willard, the sheriff’s deputy.
Banging on the glass, I screamed a warning to him.
“Go back!” I yelled and even Renn tried to shout down to him. He flashed the light up to our window and we both motioned frantically for him to turn around. He didn’t understand us, or maybe he was doing what he thought was his duty, but he pulled his gun from his belt and ran toward the front door of the building.
“He’ll be okay with his gun won’t he?” I whispered.
“Bullets won’t stop that thing,” Renn said and jumped up. He ran toward the staircase and at that moment, the demon’s screeching stopped. Loud thumps down below as it raced toward the front door to meet Willard and I sat against the wall helplessly.
It didn’t take long for it to catch him inside the front door. A loud crash of furniture, likely being tossed aside, followed by the loud pop of two gunshots. I jumped, suddenly more terrified than I’d been the entire night. Screams followed. Long, anguished screams of someone desperately trying to hang on to life. One more gunshot. I was crying now, squeezing my hands over my ears hoping to drown out the sounds of Willard dying downstairs. Renn came back and pulled me into his arms and rocked me gently as I did my best to hold myself together and not make any more noise than I needed to.
“Shhhhh,” he whispered into my hair, holding me tight against his chest. “I promised you that I’d protect you. We’re going to be okay.”
He was lying. I could hear how fast his heart raced in his chest. He was just as scared as I was and just as convinced that we weren’t going to make it out alive.
I wiped my tears and tried to sit up, but Renn held fast.
“I’m so sorry I got you into this, July.”
“I’m not,” I said and I meant it. For the first time in months, my life had meant something more than plates of meatloaf and an absent mother who only called to tell me what to do.
“Where’s the other boy?” 
Amelia’s demand echoed in my head and I snapped up. Renn looked around.
“What do you hear?”
“It’s the little girl,” I whispered. “She’s here.”
He got out of here.
Amelia walked toward us and leaned over, her form just inches from mine.
“Why are you crying?”
I figured honesty was the best policy.
I’m scared.
She smiled at me. In the moonlight she was pale and gray and just about terrifying.
“You should be,” she said with a light, airy voice that almost sounded a little bored. “But you should go now. I don’t want the other boy to be hurt. I like him. Did you tell him that?”
I nodded.
I don’t know where to go.
“The stairs, dummy.”
I stood and Renn stood with me.
“Take them to the water. It’s the only way.”
My head swam with questions. What did she mean by them? And what water?
Downstairs, it sounded like all hell broke loose. Crashing and the unsettling screeches were back, but this time it sounded like there was more than one. In the moonlight, I saw Renn’s face drop.
“Willard?” I put the question out, but I knew the answer. The demon that’d taken over Lara’s body had just used Willard to set another dzoavit free. We were now going to be hunted by two of them. 
“The salt’s not going to hold much longer,” Renn said, barely above a whisper. The gashes on my foot were jagged and blood had covered most of it and for a brief moment, I wondered how Skye had acted like his injuries hadn’t fazed him in the least. The fall over the edge of the Dull Blade had nearly skinned his arms.
My mind tripped over the memory of Dull Blade—the trap the tribes would set for the Calvary. 
Of course, dummy.
Had Amelia said that? It didn’t matter.
I grabbed Renn’s hand and yanked, pulling him in search of a fire escape. 
“I’ve got an idea.”







Chapter Twenty-seven

It didn’t take long for me to find the fire escape once we started moving. I wondered why we hadn’t searched earlier.
“I swear we looked every up here when that thing had us pinned. There wasn’t a door anywhere.”
Renn pushed against the door with his shoulder a couple times and it started to give. One final shove and it was open. He hesitated.
“What?” I whispered.
“I’m not sure it’s going to hold us,” he said, looking back at me.
“Then go,” I said, pushing him. “I’ll wait until you’re down and then I’ll go.”
Renn didn’t even consider the idea.
“You first,” he said. “I’m more likely to break it with my weight. At least you’d be down already if something happened to me.”
I hesitated for a moment and then took a tentative step on to the wooden structure. We were a good fifteen feet up, but I didn’t allow myself too much time to worry. I’d seen and heard too much tonight to let a rickety fire escape keep me from getting out of this awful building.
The thing swayed when I put my weight away from the building on the left banister. 
“Other side,” he whispered above me and I complied.
Moving as fast as I could with one bum foot, it wasn’t long before I was on solid ground.
“Go,” I whispered back up to him.
As Renn made his way down, I watched in terror as the structure jiggled and looked ready to buckle into a pile of timber. I held my breath until he finally jumped from about six steps up.
“Dramatic much?” I said and helped him to his feet.
I looked around and was a little surprised to see Coyote and the others were nowhere to be found.
“They’re gone,” I said but saw that Skye’s explorer was still there. 
“What’s your plan?”
“We need to go back to the Stones,” I said and Renn started to protest. I stopped him. “I know it didn’t work and I’m pretty sure whatever you guys tried made it worse, but I know what we need to do. We need to bind it in the water of Dull Blade.”
Renn looked at his feet, probably thinking about what I said and how I could possibly know any of it.
“How would we bind them in the water?”
Who was the newcomer here? This wasn’t even my heritage and I was pretty sure I knew more about Dull Blade and water wards after just twenty minutes in the car with Skye than Renn seemed to know entirely.
“A ward,” I said. “You say one, they stay in. It’s that simple.”
He took a deep breath and ran his hand through is hair. I knew he was going to say no.
“I need to take you home,” he finally said. “This is insane and you’re already hurt.”
At that point, I was pretty certain I wanted to punch Renn in the gut.
“And you’re alone and you don’t even know about water warding, so you need me. And the day I need you to make decisions for me, I’ll be sure to let you know.”
He shook his head and it was all I could do from losing my temper.
“Fine, take me home, Renn. Please,” I said. “And the second your dumb ass turns around to leave, I’m getting in my car and I’m finishing this by myself if I have to.”
I turned around like I was actually going to walk home and I prayed with all my might that Renn didn’t call my bluff. I got a few feet away.
“Fine,” he said. 
“Great,” I started toward the parking lot. “I’m pretty sure Skye left the keys in the ignition.”
Renn caught my arm and steered me back.
“My bike will get us there faster than the Explorer will,” he said. “And it gives us a little maneuverability if we need it.”
He turned and ducked low in front of me. It took me a second to realize that he was offering me a piggyback ride. 
“Seriously,” I said. “I’m fine.”
“Get on, July,” he said. “You’re bleeding everywhere.”
Looking down, he was right. My foot was a gnarled mess and now that he mentioned it, it was really starting to hurt. I’d need stitches and one hell of a story to fool Nana. I jumped onto his back and he looped his arms around the backs of my legs as my weight settled on his hips and I wrapped my arms around his neck.
We set out at a slow jog and it took a minute for me to adjust to the rhythm so that I wasn’t bouncing against him in an opposite cadence. It was almost silly enough for me to smile about—a piggyback ride in the middle of a demon Apocalypse in downtown Shades. The bike was parked in an empty strip mall parking lot. I’m pretty sure there used to be a video rental place and a tanning salon in a couple of the units, but it was all boarded up. Over in the corner spot near the road, I saw his bike.
“Why aren’t they chasing us?” I asked as Renn let me down to the ground and hopped on.
“They’re not in the warehouse anymore,” he said. “I’m pretty sure they’re somewhere on Main Street.”
The good news was they’d be easy to find. The bad news? They’d be easy to find.
Renn jumped on his bike and kicked it to a start. It came to life with a roar and he handed me his helmet. Smashing it down on the top of my head, I hesitated.
“Were you there when Leonard warded the stones?”
He shook his head yes.
“Did you hear what he said?”
“I think so. Most of it, anyway.”
That was good.
“You’re going to need to ward the water when we get them in it,” I said and he looked a little skeptical. “Skye said it’s mostly about intent and opening yourself to the greater power or big spirit or whatever it is. Do that and most any ward will work if your connection is strong enough.”
“What are you going to do?”
I shrugged.
“I’m going to bring you a couple demons and dump them in the water somehow.”
Renn shook his head as I swung my leg over the seat and wrapped my arms around his back. It was the most inappropriate time, but I couldn’t help but squeeze tighter around his warmth and his muscled back. He smelled spicy and like detergent and I was pretty sure I smelled like a gym sock and absolute fear. It wasn’t fair.
We took off out of the parking lot and back down Main Street toward the back of town. It didn’t take long for us to find them—they had about a dozen people pinned down in the convenience store as they stalked back and forth. They weren’t human any longer. Walking on their hind legs and on their knuckles, they were roughly the size of what I imagined a polar bear to be. I’d never seen a polar bear, but they looked huge and long and like they had the ability to be really, really tall if they stood up. Same as these two. They had fur almost like a wolf and their faces had a long, pointed snout with huge canines and beady, yellow eyes. They almost looked like terrifying werewolves, but less dog and more human. They were horrifying.
Renn slowed across the street from the station and turned his face to talk to me.
“They’re terrorizing the people because the fear feeds them—it makes them stronger. It takes energy to kill, so the fear will make them strong enough to kill all of them with no problem.”
My stomach clenched and I gripped his back tighter. 
This was a nightmare. I thought about nightmares and how much my life resembled one the last few days. The thing about nightmares, though, was that you get to wake up from them eventually. But if we didn’t do anything right now, in this moment, we’d never wake up. 
“Let’s go antagonize them a little,” I said with as much bravado as I could muster. “Get them to chase us out to the Stones.”
I expected a fight but Renn nodded and twisted the throttle back. The bike sped across the street to the parking lot. Renn sped as he neared the demons and screeched to a halt with a back wheel slide a few hundred feet from them. The noise caught their attention—and I’m sure my injury helped sweeten the deal. Both creatures turned toward us and the one further away raised up on its hind legs and hissed.
The hissing was scarier than the screeching and seemed to resonate inside my skull. My brain vibrated violently against my skull and I shut my eyes. When I opened them again, it was only a split second before the one that stood up was running toward us. I had about a half-second to see the other one start running before Renn gunned it.
It had worked. They were after us.
Renn’s bike tore through the center of town and the creatures stayed on our tail, never slowing and never showing signs of fatigue. They were strong.
I held on and checked over my shoulder often to make sure they were still with us. They were. When I wasn’t checking over my shoulder, I was trying my best to come up with a plan for what to do when we finally reached the Stones. How would I get them in the water?
It wasn’t long before Renn had to make the turn toward the rock formation. I squeezed and pressed into him as much as I could to make the distribution of weight centered. The last thing I needed was for us to get dumped off the bike too soon.
He slowed as little as possible and the ride became nearly impossible. We bounced and flew through the air with every mound and ditch we flew across. I managed a brief look behind me in the moonlight and was a little relieved to see the dzoavits had slowed a bit, too, as they ran through brush and trees.
We were so close. I could see the formation up ahead about 200 yards. Without letting go with my left arm, I used my right arm to pull the flashlight from Renn’s back pocket. He didn’t seem to notice.
As we came over a large mound, the bike hit a thick cluster of tangled roots and shuddered, coming to a brief stop that nearly pitched us forward. Renn cursed and put his feet on both sides of the bike to dislodge us. Seconds later we were moving again, but it was too late.
Just as we picked up speed again, it happened. 
I can only guess it was a claw or a leg or maybe even a shoulder, but one of the things hit the back of the bike with such force, it sent Renn and I flying over the top as the bike was thrown to the side.
We came down to earth in slow motion. Renn hit first and he hit hard. From what I could see in the moonlight, his shoulder took the brunt of it, but when he landed he didn’t move. A split second later and I crashed into a spiny bush that both cushioned my fall and tore the skin on my arms and back up with tiny little painful holes. 
I groaned and pushed myself to all fours, moving as fast as I could. The dzoavits were on us in seconds and I didn’t have time to wait for Renn—if I did, I’d be dead and he’d be next.
We’d landed roughly in the same place that Skye had parked the Explorer earlier so I knew it wasn’t far.
I lacked a horse, but I was going for it anyway.
Sucking in a big breath, I took off and waited until I had a few steps’ lead before turning on the flashlight and yelling for the damn things to follow me. The noises I heard behind me confirmed that they were on the hunt and closing in fast. I heard their harsh breathing and I swore I even felt their hot breath on my back. Without giving much thought to my foot or the fact that I wasn’t a runner or even remotely athletic, I made for the Dull Blade.
I saw it less than ten feet ahead. The demon closest to me let out a snort and I caught the putrid scent of its breath—the rotting smell that had haunted me for weeks. Under any other circumstance, I would have gagged.
Five feet away. Two steps.
It was time.
Yelling at the effort, I felt my good foot on the edge of the Dull Blade’s lip and I pushed off with all the strength I could muster, aiming for the other side. Both dzoavits behind me hadn’t seen the hole. I heard one shriek in confusion and ahead of me, I saw the other edge of the hole. I was almost there. If I stretched my arms and lengthened myself as much as possible, I might be able to land in broken, bloody—but alive—heap on the other side. 
I heard one splash and had a half second to think I just might pull it off. In the next instance, I felt a sharp claw dig into my bare leg and squeeze, tearing the flesh of my calf and stopping my forward motion.
Landing on the far edge in one piece was no longer an option—the dzoavit had caught me and I was going down into the Dull Blade with it.




Chapter Twenty-eight

The thing about realizing you’re staring death in the face is that you get this wicked sense of clarity. 
In that moment of suspended time—me floating through the air above the geothermal water cave and the ancient demon digging a claw into my leg dragging, pulling me out of the air—I knew a couple things.
The first—I loved my Nana more than anything or anyone in the world. 
I’d always known she was special and that we shared a special bond, but in that moment when I knew I had no future, I wanted nothing more than to tell her how much I loved her. And her stupid dog, Muffin. 
The second—I wasn’t afraid of death. Not like I thought I’d be. I was more worried about how my grandmother would react and who would help her out at the stupid diner that was sure to kill her sooner or later.
That it’s—that was my clarity. I loved my Nana and death wasn’t so big and bad after all.
I wasn’t expecting to get anywhere near the other side of the giant hole that was the entrance to the Dull Blade. Honestly, I was waiting for the splash and the sickening feeling of that hot water as I got pulled under.
Imagine my surprise, then, when the upper half of my torso actually did collide with the ground and I was too surprised and had the wind so violently knocked out of my chest that I didn’t immediately grasp the dire nature of my situation. I sort of opened my eyes for the briefest of moments and it was then, when I saw the ground start to slide away from me, that I realized that maybe I ought to grab on to something, anything, and keep up the fight.
And so I fought.
I wrapped my fingers around a thick-stumped bush and I kicked with my free leg at the piece of crap dzoavit who was shredding my left leg. I wasn’t damaging it in the least. I wasn’t even slowing my descent down, but I was pissed off and I didn’t want to die crying in fear. Something about being angry made this whole thing easier—I was mad.
I was mad that I’d have a disfigured leg from this day forward and never wear a dress or strappy sandals without remembering these amazingly annoying demons.
 I was mad that my life shifted upside down and my mom had everything to do with it. 
I was mad that my idiot ex-boyfriend was probably an idiot the whole time and I never wanted to admit it to myself—making me the biggest idiot of all. 
I was mad that I didn’t bother to make a new plan for my future when I realized things were headed south with Taylor—and I was even more mad that I’d based my entire collegiate hopes and aspirations on being his girlfriend. 
I was mad that suddenly I saw ghosts at their leisure and now I had no privacy. 
I was mad that the council didn’t trust me and had nearly gotten us all killed. 
And I was mad at Renn.
I was mad at Renn for being able to feel this insane connection between us and still be able to keep his distance. 
I was mad that I couldn’t do the same thing.
I guess the dzoavit grew impatient waiting for me to finish my goodbyes because it started yanking, hard, and hissing all sorts of screams and shrieks that could wake the dead. Assuming that all of the former dead in Shades hadn’t already woken up in the past few days and formed a line outside my house for help.
My grip weakened along with the root system of the bush, and just like Skye had a couple hours earlier, I found myself and the bush I was anchored to, sliding down into the hole. Renn, in all reality, was still unconscious back at his bike if he’d survived the fall in the first place.
My heart stung at the thought he’d been seriously hurt in the fall. I prayed that he’d be okay and wake up in time to ward the water if I fell.
Another tug, another three or so inches toward the edge. I was closer to a smaller bush now and I grabbed at it with my other hand, but realized too late that it was a mistake. The smaller plant couldn’t handle the weight and it uprooted immediately. 
Two more inches.
The demon down below must have sensed it and it tugged again, harder this time. It was right then and there I wished my stupid leg would just fall off. The pain was excruciating—a hot knife through my muscles and tendons that spread up my calf toward my knee burning my skin and my blood to the point that my left leg burned so badly that it was almost numb. Almost.
I closed my eyes as a tear slid out. I wasn’t accepting my fate, I was just suddenly exhausted and defeated.
“Don’t you do it, kid.”
I heard the voice and a sad smile spread across my face. Ernie.
“Hello, friend,” I said quietly. 
“You hang on,” he said. He was kneeling over the edge and it looked like he was trying to get a grip on my arm, but with his ghost hands, it was impossible. Each time he reached for me his hands went through my bloodied and bruised arms, it felt like the gentle tickle of a butterfly’s wings. It was almost comforting.
“I can’t, Ernie.”
“Bull,” he said and I watched him scoot forward until he was leaning over the ledge looking down. “You make me a promise, okay? You promise me that you’ll remember me as a hero and not as the damned yellow-belly coward I really was.”
I couldn’t tell what he meant to do, I only knew I didn’t want him to do it.
With a swift motion, Ernie launched his ghost form over the ledge and straight toward the demon that was swinging from my leg. I couldn’t see what happened, but I swore for the briefest of moments, I felt the jolt of additional weight, tugging me and my scrawny scrub brush an inch closer to death.
“Ernie,” I screamed, panicked now. “Ernie, STOP!”
I heard a struggle. I heard Ernie call the demon a combination of words that must have been issued to Marines on their way to the gates of hell, and then I felt release.
Weight that had been pulling against me was suddenly gone, along with it the sharp edges of the dzoavit’s claws in my leg. Not long after, I heard the splash. A single splash, but it could have been from two forms entangled with each other.
“Ernie?” I screamed into the dark but all I heard was silence. An ominous, though freeing, silence.
I felt Renn’s arms on me before I heard him and the scare nearly sent me down into the water with them.
“Oh my god,” Renn said as he struggled to pull me up from my elbows. “Are you okay? Where are they?”
I slid up over the edge on my stomach and rolled to my back, much like Skye had done and I immediately knew why he couldn’t speak at first. I lay there with my eyes closed just hoping my heart wouldn’t explode in my chest from the rush and release of the adrenaline. And with the sorrow that Ernie had just gone into the watery grave with the dzoavit. And what had to be done next.
“Ward it,” I said, opening my eyes. “Please. Hurry.”
Renn ran back to the edge and leaned over. I couldn’t make out the words of the melodic chanting he sung, but I just prayed it was working. It took him a while, but when he finished he came back and helped me sit up.
In the bright moonlight, I got a look at him. He had some scrapes and gashes from landing on the unforgiving ground, but he seemed okay. He took a look at me and I saw panic in his eyes.
“You need to call the others and tell them to come out here,” I said. “What if the ward doesn’t hold?”
He nodded and quickly punched a number into his cellphone. I didn’t pay attention to what he said and laid back down to rest. I didn’t feel so great, all things considered. My leg was screaming and I felt like I might be sick.
Renn returned the cell phone to his back pocket and started to examine my leg with his flashlight.
“This is really bad,” he said quietly. “I think we might need to take you to a hospital.”
“Hurts,” I said through gritted teeth.
“How did you manage it? I thought we were goners once we crashed,” he said. “There’s no way you could outrun them.”
Renn scooted closer to me and brushed some of my hair out of my face. He ran the pad of his thumb across my cheek and I closed my eyes.
“I didn’t manage it,” I said. “I jumped and one of the things caught me halfway across, so I missed the landing. I was getting pulled down into the cave.”
I took a deep breath and let a tear slide from my eyes. I couldn’t help it.
“Ernie,” I said with a ragged, broken voice. “He jumped in and got the thing off my leg just before you got here to pull me out.”
Renn exhaled slowly and didn’t say anything. Leaning forward he placed his lips on my forehead and held me.
“He went into the water with the things to save me,” I said, cracking. “He knew he’d be warded in there forever and he went anyway.”
Sitting there, I let myself cry. I knew that I’d need to pull myself together soon and that Nana would freak out when she saw what happened to me. I’d have to act all sorts of brave and chipper and everything I wasn’t going to feel for a very long time, just for her. So with Renn, I cried.
I can’t say how long we sat there like that before I heard Leonard’s voice. Low, rhythmic, and calming. He was chanting. I opened my eyes and watched as he stood over Dull Blade with burning bundle in one hand.
“He’s securing it,” Renn whispered in my ear. I exhaled and tried not to think about Ernie.
Billie kneeled down next to me and I heard her sharp intake of breath.
“Oh, honey,” she said, moving her hands above my injured leg but not touching it. “You need to get to the emergency room. Silas’ wounds are taking a turn for the worse. We think there’s some sort of poison on those things. We don’t have much time.”
Leonard finished what he was doing and I hadn’t heard Coyote or Skye anywhere. Renn said they’d meet us back in town—they were at the hospital with Silas who was in critical condition. I was glad to hear they were okay.
Renn knelt forward and picked me up like a child, holding me against his chest. I let my head fall back into the crook of his arm. I felt so safe and warm with him—even now. I liked that feeling.
“Renn?” I said as he carried me to Leonard and Billie’s Jeep. My head was swimming and I was about to tell him that maybe I was going to be sick.
He looked down at me and frowned, stopping where he stood.
“Billie!” he yelled ahead to where Leonard and Billie were waiting. “Billie, please! Something’s wrong with her.”
Sleep’s tiny hands, gentle and comforting, were pulling at the sides of my eyes. They were in my brain, urging me to let go and promising me relief. I knew the words were too sweet—the promises too good to be true, but I followed.
I shut my eyes and drifted off to sleep. 
   In the far distance, hundreds of miles away, I heard Renn screaming my name.





Chapter Twenty-nine

I didn’t want to open my eyes. In fact, if I’d had my way, I’d have stayed in that blissful dream-like state for at least another thousand years. It was warm and fluffy and dreamy—and quiet.
But I couldn’t help but feel the rough pull coming from outside and so I followed it reluctantly. 
My eyes fluttered open and it took a few seconds for me to focus. Bright fluorescent lights overhead and the hum of activity nearby. 
Beeps. Clicks. Whirs. Far off voices.
A hospital.
Blinking, I forced myself to focus and look around.
I was in a hospital room, awash in dull yellow light. A bug circled the light fixture above me, crashing into the Plexiglas over and over, buzzing in frustration.
My feet were covered in a standard-issue thin blue hospital blanket, and beneath the blankets, the outline of my left leg was considerably bigger than my right. That was good—at least it was still there.
I had an IV in my hand secured down with white hospital tape. My hands were bruised and covered in scrapes. Same as my arms.
Glancing around the room, I saw Nana sitting in the chair, reading a magazine. She looked so tired.
“Hey,” I said with a weak voice. My throat felt thick and sticky, so I coughed to clear it.
Nana’s face brightened into a smile.
“Oh, Buttercup,” she said, setting the magazine down. “I’m so happy you’re finally awake.”
My last memory was of Renn carrying me away from the edge of Dull Blade. I remember Leonard and Billie were there, too, but it was only Nana in the room with me. I wonder what story they’d told the hospital. I decided to play dumb.
“What happened?” I asked.
“You don’t remember?”
I shook my head. Of course I remembered; I just wasn’t sure exactly what I was supposed to remember for her sake.
“Honey,” she said. “A couple of bears were loose in downtown and attacked whoever they ran into. Two people were killed and two were seriously injured—you included.”
That sounded about right.
“Poor Lara and Deputy Willard were mauled to death,” Nana said with a hitch in her voice. “You and an older gentleman were attacked at the gas station or right outside it. You both survived, but he’s still in pretty rough shape. Your friends from the diner happened to drive by and found you and called for help. The county airlifted you here to Casper.”
Bears. Although it seemed almost silly to me, it would probably appease the few terrified witnesses who might have seen the dzoavits.
“Your friend has been visiting you a lot,” she said and looked at me pointedly. I knew that look—she wanted to know who this friend was.
“A boy?” I asked, delaying a bit.
“A very handsome boy,” she said. “Who I have never met.”
A very handsome boy. Indeed.
“His name is Renn,” I said. “I met him at the diner. Just a friend, though.”
Nana gave me a wink.
“Bring him round to the diner when I’m there sometime,” she said. “Me and Lem would like to meet him.”
I agreed and Nana let out a yawn.
“You should get some sleep,” I said and looked at the clock on the wall. It was almost midnight. 
“I wanted to make sure you were okay,” she said, standing. “The doctors said you’d been waking up for short periods all day and I didn’t want to miss it. You have about sixty stitches on your leg and foot. It’s going to smart for a few weeks, but they think you’ll be back to normal in no time.”
That was good news.
“Are you heading back home?”
She shook her head.
“I’ve got a hotel room across the street and I’ll just go take a nap for a few hours,” she said. “The doctors said they’d release you once you’re awake and alert for a good few hours. Maybe tomorrow afternoon we’ll head home.”
“How long have I been here?” I asked, no concept or memory of how much time had passed.
Nana glanced at her watch and then up at the clock on the wall.
“I don’t know,” she said with a shrug. “Just about 24 hours now? They’ve kept you pretty hopped up on pain medication and warned me you wouldn’t be really awake for a while.”
“But I’ll live?” I asked with a smile.
Nana laughed.
“For now, Buttercup,” she said. “But your mom’s leaving tomorrow afternoon to meet us in Shades. Not sure how long either one of us will live through this one.”
My heart sunk. Of course. It was big and dramatic and stressful and my mother would find a way to get here. Never mind the fact that she’s been too busy to call or to visit in six months. 
“It’ll be okay,” Nana said, patting my hand, she must have seen my face. “We’ll get through it together. I’ll see you in the morning. Tell your friend I said hello.”
“What do you mean?”
“He’ll probably be along shortly,” she said. “He’s been in the waiting room most of the time. I’m sure he’ll sneak back here once the charge nurse goes on her rounds.”
I couldn’t help but smile. Nana gave me a kiss on my head and grabbed her pocketbook before leaving. Not long after Nana left for the night, a nurse came in and introduced herself.
“Well, good evening! I’m Sarah,” she said as she began to check my vitals and ask a litany of medical questions. How was I feeling? Did I have a headache? What was my pain level? I answered the best I could. “Are you hungry? I can have the kitchen send up a little snack for you. Boring, bland stuff of course—but at least it’d be something.”
I told her that’d be nice and she left, promising to return. While I waited, I found the television remote that doubled as an emergency call button and scanned through the channels, settling on a late night talk show. Trying my best to focus, I slid into another bout of sleepiness and was snapped back awake when Sarah returned with a plate full of saltine crackers and a giant bowl of soft green gelatin. It looked like a bowl of slime and suddenly I wasn’t so hungry.
“I’ve got rounds to do here and on the third floor, but just ring if you need something. I’ve got my pager on me.”
With that, Sarah left and I worked on the saltines bite by bite. My stomach wasn’t feeling so hot, so I set the plate on the tray table and pushed it away.
I didn’t notice him until he cleared his throat.
Renn.
He stood at the door to my hospital room looking a little bit nervous, a tad excited, and wholly unsure of what to do with himself.
I knew what to do—I smiled a big, goofy “so happy to see you” grin.
Renn closed the door behind him and walked over to the chair Nana had just occupied.
“How are you feeling?” He asked quietly.
“Not bad,” I admitted. “I’m pretty sure I’m doped up enough that I wouldn’t feel a semi-truck running me over right now.”
Renn finally smiled.
“You had me worried for a minute,” he said and I asked him to tell me what happened after I passed out at the Stones.
“I don’t really know. Billie thinks the poison from the demon hit your system and you blacked out. We drove as fast as we could to Shades and called the rescue squad who met us at the sheriff’s station. The chopper had just come back from bringing Silas, so we were in luck. Leonard and Billie and I drove the highway and I gave the EMT the number to your grandmother’s diner. I’m sure they called her because she was here right after we arrived.”
I asked what he said to her or if she was skeptical. So far, he said, she hasn’t asked too many questions.
“You went into surgery for your leg right away and were in recovery most of this morning and afternoon. Coyote and Skye went out and got my bike while I’ve been here.”
“Is it finished?” I asked. “Did it work?”
“Coyote and Leonard seem to think it’s a permanent hold,” he said. “Turns out they hate water. Your instincts were spot on.”
“Imagine that,” I said with a smile. Renn laughed.
“You saved the day, July,” he said. “I’m just sorry you paid such a high price. It’s not what I wanted.”
His words had so much regret in them. His face was lined with lack of sleep and he looked so worn down.
“My mom’s coming in town tomorrow,” I said after a short silence. “I can tell she’s going to try to strong arm me back to Colorado.”
I don’t know what I was hoping for by telling him that—maybe that he’d beg me not to go? 
“That’s good,” he said. Well, that wasn’t what I was hoping for.
“It is?” 
Renn sat and leaned forward on his knees.
“You belong in Colorado,” he said. “With your future, your old friends, and as far away from this place as you can get. Nothing good comes out of Shades.”
I took a slow breath, all that hurt from the past few days returning. The walls were up again.
“You’re here.”
Staring at his feet, Renn was meeting my eyes.
“I’m no good for you, July,” he said and he didn’t let me interrupt. He held up his hand to let him finish. “I don’t know what my uncle or cousin might have told you—something tells me Skye might have told you something about my past.”
I shook my head. In all honesty, Skye really hadn’t told me anything about his past. Only that he had one.
“Coyote told me I was no good for you,” I said and I couldn’t hide the hurt.
“That’s not true,” he said, a flash anger crossing his face. “I’m not good for you. Bad things follow me, July, and people I care about—the people I truly love—they get hurt. They die. I’m not going to let that happen to you. I wouldn’t be able to live with myself if anything happened to you.”
My chest burned at the thought that Renn might have just admitted to feelings for me—but it didn’t take away from the fact that he was pushing me away in the same breath.
“I won’t die.” I started to say, but the tears in his eyes and his look cut me off. He struggled for a moment to compose himself and he angrily brushed his eyes to wipe away the tears.
“I was born on the Wind River reservation in the north. I never knew my dad—my mom said he was some white guy she met who drove through town a couple times a month hauling freight from Montana. Doesn’t matter who he was, I never met him,” Renn said, pausing before continuing. “My mom married a guy from the Rez named Jefferson. He was a prick and between the two of them, they’d drink enough that every night was the same—screaming and punching and trashing the house. I’d hide under my bed and try to sneak out to school before either of them woke up.”
He took a deep breath and closed his eyes. 
“My mom tried to get sober a couple times, but it never stuck. One night in eighth grade, I was at a basketball game at the rec center and the tribal police showed up looking for me. I knew it wasn’t good. They told me that Jefferson and my mom were dead. He’d shot her while she was passed out on the couch and then turned the gun on himself. I lived with my grandmother for a few months, but she was hit by a drunk driver on her way home from running to the grocery store late one night. I’d complained about being hungry all the time and she left just to make me happy.”
Renn’s face was in his hands and I tried really hard not to cry for him. I could tell that wasn’t what he wanted.
“I went to live with my uncle and Lacey after that, and you pretty much know the rest.”
Silence stretched between us and I thought about everything Renn had been through. Why he kept people at a distance and dated girls he’d never bring around to meet his family. It made sense, but it also didn’t apply to me. I’d felt our connection and so had he.
“I’m not going back to Colorado,” I said. “Nothing’s the same for me. I don’t belong there.”
He looked up to the ceiling and ran his hand over his face. He was struggling with his emotions as much as I was.
“It’s not really a choice, July. There’s nothing here for you, either. This stuff we deal with, it’s not child’s play. Look at you. You nearly died and there’s still a chance for you to get out of this whole mess,” he stood and I pushed myself up. “I’m heading to Idaho with Coyote tomorrow, like I said I was. It’s best for the both of us. I can concentrate on learning what I need to know and you can get back to the happy life you wanted for so long.”
Just to break my heart a little more, he gently grasped my face in both of his hands and leaned forward, stopping inches from my face. I breathed in the sweet smell of his breath and felt the gentle, reassuring pressure of his hands on my face and I closed my eyes.
His warm lips pressed firm to mine and he tilted my head back to deepen the kiss. Despite the tube sticking out of my hand, I gripped Renn’s strong shoulders and held tight. I wasn’t going to let go.
The door opened and bounced off the wall with a bang and Renn broke the kiss, standing up quickly.
“You can’t be here,” Nurse Sarah sharply. “Visiting hours are over.”
Renn pulled away and my hand trailed down his arm until it was grasped in his hand. His gentle grip squeezed and then let go, my hand dropping to the bed. I was crying, unabashed and unashamed.
“It’s okay,” he said to the nurse. “I’m leaving.”



Chapter Thirty

It took me a few days to come to terms with the fact that Renn left. He never came to beg forgiveness or to tell me how wrong he was. Never tried to contact me on that phone he passed along through Skye, which now sported a huge crack through it. Never mind that it still displayed messages just fine—it didn’t matter. I didn’t see Skye, either. I figure he was under lock and key while he healed up, too. Camille stopped by on her way out of town to visit with a couple college recruiters in Michigan. 
“A bear!” She squealed. “Do you know how cool that’ll make you in school next year? That’s even cooler than getting sucker slapped by a varsity volleyball player!”
Nana had hovered the first couple days, taking time off at the diner to make sure I wasn’t alone. But when my mom had blown into town, Nana suddenly came up with a to-do list a mile long that needed her immediate attention. That’d left me with Berit Henry-Higgins in this house for two entire days.
“I don’t think you understand how stressful this was for me,” she’d said the first night after her day-late arrival. “I’ve just been worried sick and I did a lot of thinking on the drive up.”
That never meant anything good for me.
“I think it’s time you come back to Colorado.”
I wasn’t looking at her when she said it and immediately my gaze swung right to her to see if she was messing with me. She looked serious.
“We can enroll you back in your old school if you like,” she said. “I’m living with my new boyfriend and his daughter, really close to our old house and we can start getting used to each other—a big, happy family like you always wanted.”
Annoying new fake family aside, living back in the same neighborhood was exactly what I’d been dreaming about these past few months each time I’d cried myself to sleep at night.
But I wasn’t sure now. 
Mom hadn’t stuck around long and within a day and a half, she’d given me $300 for gas and made me promise I’d be two or three days behind her. I didn’t agree, exactly, but I hadn’t outright told her no, either.
Nana knew it was coming, though.
“You’re going back?” She asked over eggs the morning after my mom left.
“I’m not really sure yet, Nana,” I said, pushing my eggs around. But in my heart, I really couldn’t see staying here and moping around, heartbroken over Renn. At least back at my old school, I’d have a chance at numbing myself for a few months until I felt normal again. Whatever normal was. I was more than certain that looking at Taylor now, after the past few weeks with Renn, wouldn’t make it especially hard to give him all the distance in the world he craved.
“You do what you feel is right, Buttercup,” she said, pouring herself another cup of coffee. “You’re turning 18 in a few short months. Just remember that.”
I was putting things away in boxes, still unsure about whether I was leaving for good or not, when the phone rang in the hallway. I answered.
“Is this July?” a woman on the other end asked.
“Speaking.”
“Honey, this is Billie Whalen.”
She waited for me to say something, but I didn’t. I didn’t know what to say.
“Anyway, we hear you’re on the mend and I’m so glad. Silas is still not in the clear but the doctors think he’s going to recover by the end of summer.”
“That’s great news,” I said, honestly relieved.
“Honey, the reason I’m calling you is because I want to tell you we made a mistake when we didn’t take you and your abilities seriously,” she said. My heart started pounding against my chest—where was she going to take this? “The bottom line is that you’ve got more instincts and more power in your little pinkie than me and Leonard have in our whole bodies. You saved our butts, darlin’, and there’s no two ways about that. You have so much raw talent and for the life of us, we can’t tell where it’s coming from. We still can’t piece together what the dead were doing out of their graves or whether they’ve gotten back in them. We’ve never seen anything like this before in our lives.”
She cut off a little there and I took a deep breath.
“Pretty safe to say I haven’t, either,” I managed to say.
“I’m not sure how to put this to you, and if I were in your shoes, I’d tell us to kick rocks, but we’d like you to consider coming up north to study on our ranch this summer.”
My stomach jumped into my throat. 
“That’s a fantastic offer, Billie,” I managed to say. “I’m just not sure how I can convince my mother or my grandmother to let me go. They don’t know anything about what went on or what I can do.”
“I understand. Leonard’s a professor at the local college and we could manage to get you some college credits in humanities and Native American studies for your transcript if you spent some time up here,” she said. “You wouldn’t regret it, honey, I promise you. We’ll never make the mistake of underestimating you again. You owe it to yourself to see what you’re really capable of when you have all the knowledge we can offer. I suspect you’ll amaze yourself—and the rest of us, too.”
She went on with a few more details—a boarding house I’d have to myself. A place to study with the occasional tutelage of other shamans in the area. College credit. Quiet. Solitude. Horseback riding. Maybe a chance at figuring out what had triggered my abilities and what had caused the dead in Shades to rise and walk out of town. We never did get those questions answered and I really wanted to know all the whys and hows of what had happened these past couple weeks.
But there’d be no Renn. And no Colorado. Lots of empty space and quiet nights to think about everything that happened and to wonder what happened to Ernie and if he was finally at peace. I’m not sure I could think about all that right now.
I told Billie I’d need to think about it and get back to her. She left her number and I promised I’d call within a day or so.
That night, I presented it all to Nana and mentioned Billie’s offer as a summer school sort of arrangement.
She sat at the table, looking at me over a mug of peppermint tea and sighed.
“I guess I couldn’t keep you cooped up in the diner forever, could I?” She sounded sad.
“If I go up north for the summer studies program, I’d come back and finish school,” I said, hoping to ease her sadness a little.
“But if you go to Colorado, you’re on track to start college in the spring just like you always wanted,” she countered. She was sentimental when she had her moments, but Nana was mostly pragmatism and self-control.
“Either one, Buttercup,” she continued. “They’re both good choices for you. You just need to figure out who you really are and take that road.”
I nodded and stared glumly into my tea. Who was I now? Upstairs in my room, I laid on my bed on my side and stared at the framed pictures on my dresser. My life as it was. Then, the memory of Ernie poking fun at Taylor and his sickly looking ways. My life as it is. I was lucky, I suppose, because I had a choice. Some people, like Renn, go through their days thinking life’s choices had already been made for them. That who they were was decided and that’s who they would always be. 
At least I knew better. I knew, just like Ernie had, that there’s always a choice—even if you make a bad one, there’s always a chance to make a better one coming around the bend.
That night I packed my few remaining things in boxes and e-mailed my mother. As soon as I’d stepped away from the computer, my messaging system chirped that a response had been received, but I didn’t bother to read it. I put a stack of suitcases in the hallway downstairs and went upstairs to bed. Nana was already asleep—we’d agreed to meet downstairs for tea and toast at 5 a.m. before I set out.
That night, I slept just fine. I thought I’d toss and turn more about my decision, but honestly, I knew where I belonged. I even dreamed of Ernie’s face and he didn’t look tortured or sad—he just looked like the same Ernie I’d grown to know, complete with his ghostly pallor and funny looking sneer he always had when he was cursing about young people these days. My heart felt better seeing him.
The alarm chirped the next morning and I sent it flying across the nightstand as I tried to hit the snooze button. I was such a terrible aim.
Downstairs, I started the tea and the toast as I hobbled around the tiny kitchen with my bright pink polka-dotted cane, courtesy of the children’s ward in the Casper hospital.
We weren’t very chatty that morning—me because I was fighting a sort of sadness at the sense of closure I was feeling and Nana because, well, it was five in the morning and that wasn’t her cup of tea these past few weeks, pardon the pun. She’d become something of a late riser since the long nights with me in the hospital.
“You all set?” She said as she walked with me out to Roberta. She pulled me into a bear hug that only a 70-year old, 150 pound daughter of a Norwegian immigrant could manage. I wheezed. “Call me when you get there, Buttercup.”
“I will. Love you, Nana.”
I piled into the car and drove toward the edge of town and stopped at the red light that led to both the state highway north and the U.S. Interstate east. I smiled at the fact that I was at both an emotional and physical crossroad in my life and wouldn’t my English teacher be so proud that I’d taken the time to recognize the symbolism?
Renn danced through my mind briefly and I thought about how I’d considered tracking him down in Idaho and convincing him how wonderful I was and how he should have chosen me over the coward’s way out, but instead I smiled. I was done planning my life around a boy and someday he’d come to his senses and either I’d be willing to listen to his apology or I wouldn’t. But I wasn’t going to go chasing after it. 
I had too much to do with my own life now.
The light blinked green and I turned up Roberta’s radio as loud as I could and put my arm out the window, letting it ride the warm morning air in the last few days of June as I turned north toward the Whalen’s ranch.
My new cell chirped beside me. It was new and shiny and had a gorgeous green sparkly case. I’d returned Renn’s cell to Skye yesterday and hadn’t bothered to give him or Coyote my new number. 
It was Camille.
“You’re heading to real cowboy country. The North Country has some rugged characters, girl,” she squealed in my ear. “Promise to call me every night—sooner if interesting things happen!”
I laughed. 
“It’s a writing retreat,” I said. “I don’t plan on any excitement.”
“Still, if you don’t want the cute cowboys, bring ‘em home to me, okay?”
“What about Dane?”
She huffed a little.
“He had to head back home for a few weeks,” she said. “We’ll see if he comes back to see Lila or not. I won’t hold my breath.”
I promised to call her as soon as I got settled in tonight and hung up.
Pulling out onto the smooth road, I drove out of town and just as I started to settle into the groove of the highway and my crappy radio, I saw something out of the corner of my eye.
Tendrils of wispy, gray smoke danced in the air next to me. 
“Miss me kid?”








Please keep reading for an excerpt of Fall into Fire, book two in the Shamans of the Divide series.






from Fall Into Fire

It was a hot morning and the breeze through the open window woke me up. 
Well, not the breeze, really, but the voice on the wind I heard.
She’s coming.
The pitchy, disembodied repeated a few more times until I was wide awake and staring at the textured ceiling.
She’s coming, July. 
She’s coming.
The trouble was, I didn’t know who she was. Or why she was planning on visiting the area. 
Sight seer? 
Not likely.
I’d started seeing, and occasionally hearing ghosts, earlier this summer. 
One had shown up and nearly given me an aneurysm in the middle of long shift at my grandmother’s truck stop diner. Turns out, the recently and not-so-recently dead seem to fancy me some sort of ally. Or target. I hadn’t decided which one yet.
Stretching my legs free of the quilt, I pushed myself to my elbows and looked around Billie and Leonard’s guest room. It was bright and cheery with yellow gingham curtains across the windows and a blue and yellow quilt on the queen-sized bed. A large desk in the corner held a lamp, my laptop, and a notebook I’d been using in my daily writing sessions with Billie.
I was here to learn more about my abilities and how it all fit in with their council of guardians who protected the power of the Continental Divide, but mostly I’d been writing about my feelings for the past week.
Feelings were lame and frustrating.
She’s coming.
God, not that again.
“I heard you the first three times,” I muttered back to the breeze. 
The voices and the visions weren’t very helpful if I didn’t know what they meant and disembodied voices were more annoying than you’d think. Especially first thing in the morning.
“And some details would be helpful.”
But I knew better. Details and straight answers weren’t really part of the deal when it came to the council. They dealt in half-truths and silence.
My room was part of an entire separate guest house on the Whalen’s ranch. They had an extra room in the house, but Leonard had filled it with so much clutter that it would have taken a week to get the boxes of papers and trinkets cleared out.
I preferred the guest house. Situated close, but not too close, to the main house, it had everything I needed. A kitchen with a stocked fridge, cable, wi-fi, and my very own room. What more could a teenager ask for?
If I was being perfectly honest, I’d ask for Renn, actually.
He’d left me in the hospital room in Cheyenne three weeks ago, certain that he was no good for me and I was no good for him. Right now, Renn was somewhere deep in Idaho Shoshone territory with Coyote. Off the grid and off limits to me, just as Coyote had wanted all along, I suspect.
I felt the familiar sting that came with thinking about Renn and I pushed it away. Some days I let myself remember that amazing kiss we’d shared in Coyote’s fishing cabin while we waited out the dzoavits last month.
Anger started burning in my chest. It was a new feeling for me when I thought of Renn and I tried to push that one away, too. It was more stubborn than the sadness, though. On my really bad days, I felt toyed with and abandoned. Used. Cast aside.
And I didn’t like it.
Pulling on shorts and a tank top, my uniform since arriving here last week, I hobbled with my healing leg and old man cane across the large yard into the main house. The doctors said I was healing just fine, but it would take about six to eight weeks before I’d feel closer to normal. They’d actually used the word “closer” and not just normal. Chances were that the leg might never feel the same again and this nagging pain and soreness when I overdid it would always exist in some form.
The scars, at least, I could count on for the rest of my life.
Jagged, angry red claw marks—four of them—started in the middle of my left calf and snaked down around my angle to a fleshy mess of scar tissue on the top of my foot.
If anyone were to ask me, I’d readily admit it looked hideous. Terrifying, even. But nobody around here asked me and we all pretended like it wasn’t even there.
Outside the ranch house, I greeted Bramble, the Whalen’s overzealous brown Labrador. She slept in my bed as often as she could get away with, which was most every night. I pried the large stick she had out of her mouth and tossed it down the gravel drive for her, smiling as she darted off after her prey. Without waiting, I let myself into the huge wooden doors.
I smelled coffee and something eggy and delicious on the stove. Praying Billie was making her famous breakfast tacos, I sneaked a peek over her shoulder. 
She was.
“I love those things,” I said, finding my seat at the kitchen counter.
“I know,” Billie said with a smile. Her long, silver hair was braided and coiled around the back of her head. “Poor Leonard has to eat the boring oatmeal because of his cholesterol. I do this for you too many times and he might start harboring a grudge.”
Leonard, by the way, was nowhere to be found. I asked about him.
“He’s riding out with Cody right now checking the fence line.”
“Who’s Cody?” I hadn’t met anyone named Cody yet.
“A kid from town,” she said folding the tortilla just right. “Maybe a little older than you. His dad is one of Leonard’s best friends in town. Cody helps out around the summer when he’s home. He got here last night after you fell asleep. He’s staying at the cabin by the river.”
The Whalens had about five separate cabins on their property. Three were close to the house, two were hidden somewhere on the 50 acres. One was near a cabin and that was where this Cody was living for the summer, it seemed.
“I’ll introduce you after lunch.”
I shrugged, not sure what sort of reaction Billie was looking for. 
“Does he know about the council?”
Billie didn’t say anything as she plated my tacos and slid a glass of milk across at me. She took a long sip of her coffee.
“My guess is no,” she said. “But I could be wrong.”
That didn’t make sense. The guardians treasured their privacy. It’d taken an act of secret club meeting congress to get them to talk to me back in Shades. I asked her what she meant.
“I’ve never told him. Leonard, to the best of my knowledge, has never told him,” she said with a shrug. Her chunky turquoise necklace stood out against her tanned skin and bright white, collared shirt. “But he’s a smart kid and I’m pretty sure his daddy figured out something in all these years around us.”
Tucking into my food, I didn’t talk much for the next few minutes. The chorizo sausage, melted cheese, and eggs were too amazing for me to waste time with speech and human interaction.
“Do I need my notebook?” I asked before wiping greasy bits of breakfast off my face. Like I said, I hadn’t been doing much more than exploratory journal writing during my first week here. It wasn’t terrible, but it sure wasn’t the training I’d had in mind when I agreed to come here. But Billie, a professor at the local liberal arts college, had promised my Nana I’d earn some college credit while away at “writer’s camp” (what she’d called it), and I needed to earn the credit.
“No, I don’t think so,” she said as she rinsed her coffee cup out in the sink and set it on the counter to dry. “I’ve got a group of poets arriving this afternoon for a week retreat. I’ll be busy with them for the next few days and I think you’re ready to work with Leonard. We’ve cleared a little debris from your mind, I think.”
By clearing the debris, she means the annoying feelings and frustrations I mentioned earlier. A lot of had to do with Renn and that whole broken-heart-thing he left behind when he left. A lot more of it had to do with the complicated, sour relationship I had with my mother, who had moved me to Shades, Wyoming from Denver when I had just two lousy semesters of high school left. What’s worse? Instead of staying with me, she returned to Denver to her job and her new boyfriend.
I’m not even sure the divorce papers from Terry have been signed yet.
Once I was out of the hospital after the cannibalistic demon episode in Shades (one had tried to turn my lower leg into meat ribbons), she’d just about convinced me to give up the whole ghost seeing thing and return to my old life in Denver.
Of course, my mom knew nothing about the ghosts I saw or the things I’d seen with Renn. She thought I’d been attacked by a pack of rabid bears who’d torn through Shades and killed a waitress from Nana’s diner and Willard, the sheriff’s deputy.
I’d decided at the last minute not to leave Shades after all. 
Instead, I’d start school at Winston High in the fall and graduate early in December, just like I’d planned. Right after I spent the summer up here with the Whalens learning about my own abilities, even if doing so went against Renn and Coyote’s wishes for me to stay out of the council’s line of work.
“I’m headed to the train station to pick up the group,” Billie said. “Make yourself comfortable in here if you want, or you can head back to your guest house and wait for Leonard. They should be done soon enough.”
The Whalens had a huge HD television in their living room in the main house, complete with every streaming subscription service I could dream of. I’d be fine waiting Leonard out in their house I assured Billie.
“Sounds good to me,” she said, pulling her purse over her shoulder and grabbing her keys of the counter.
“And July?” Billie asked at the door. She’d propped it open with her foot and leaned around the corner to talk to me.
“Yeah?” I looked back over the top of their overstuffed couches. I loved their couches.
“Try not to drool on Cody, okay?”
I rolled my eyes at Billie’s laughter as she shut the door behind herself.
Drooling over the hired help was pretty much the last thing they’d have to worry about with me. 
I’d only gotten two shows in to my latest Korean soap opera obsession about an alien and his reincarnated girlfriend when I heard Leonard coming through the kitchen door. I sat up and smiled when he walked into the living room with a taco in his hand.
“July,” he said with a big grin. His long black and gray hair was tied in a ponytail that hung in a braid to the middle of his back. “Good morning. I want you to meet Cody. He’ll be staying with us for a while this summer.”
I stood up and walked very slowly and awkwardly toward them. My cane was somewhere in the kitchen and I hadn’t bothered bringing it with me to watch television.
Cody stepped around Leonard and held out his hand I hesitated for the briefest second and took in this cowboy.
Tall and broad shouldered, I thought he might be an inch or two taller than Renn. He had messy blond hair that hung in his face. His eyes were a clear, light blue ringed in darker sapphire. Really beautiful eyes, I remember my mind stuttering.
His face was smooth and tan and Cody had a smattering of freckles on his cheeks and nose. He obviously spent a lot of time outdoors and not holed up in a living room watching Korean aliens.
I put my hand into his and he squeezed it gently, with a warm pressure that he didn’t immediately release.
His eyes traveled down my legs and rested on my leg. I waited for the uncomfortable, awkward silence, but Cody took one look at the mass of scars and let out a low whistle.
“Damn, girl,” he said, his voice smooth and deep. “What the hell happened to your leg? Looks like it hurt like a son of a bitch.”
Leonard’s eyes looked like they were going to pop out of his head. 
Instead of trying to hide my leg, I smiled.
Everyone else around me the past few weeks had been secretive and closed off, always trying to protect me from this danger or that truth.
But not this Cody kid. He was brash and unapologetic.
And I liked his style.





