









CHILDREN OF LIGHTNING











© 2014 Annie K. Wong

Children of Lightning
Copyright © 2014 Annie K. Wong.  All rights reserved.

Editor: Jacqueline Argent
Cover Artist: Michael Gauss

All characters and events in this book are fictitious.  
Any resemblance to any person living or dead is unintended and purely coincidental.

No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned or distributed in any printed or electronic form without written consent from the author.  Please purchase only authorized electronic editions and do not participate in or encourage the electronic piracy of copyrighted materials.  Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.

Table of Contents

PART I -- THE SONGS AND THE COVENANT
1
2
PART II -- DISCOVERY AT BLACKWOODS MOUNTAIN
3
4
5
6
7
PART III -- END OF THE COVENANT
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15











PART I
THE SONGS AND THE COVENANT



1

The last time Mother drank from Snake River was at Siamese Peaks a couple days ago, when she caught a final glimpse of her village on the distant slopes of Gash Valley, hazy with smoke from hut chimneys slithering up the salmon sky on that first day of spring.  She sank her head into the burbling stream so her fawn hair-snakes could soak up the cool moisture.  After that, she filled her waterskin before putting on her weapon, a single metallic glove named Wikkenclaw that she fitted over her left hand.  On her right hip, for added protection, rested her sword.  She adjusted the belt to keep her knee-length over-robe snugly wrapped around her.  With her rucksack pulling on her shoulders, she turned away from the valley.  Onwards into the Shadowlands, there would be neither sight nor taste of water.
For two days she negotiated the slopes of Ebony Peak and Misery Hill, sweat dripping down her scale-lined face.  Still, she had found none of the fearsome Ophidians.  Above her, cawing with hunger, giant vultures circled over the dire mountains of the Shadowlands, extending west into Yakki and eastward in her own district of Tarr, their summits and volcanoes feeding the molten River Rend that drained into the Fiery Sea.  The Ophidians could be skulking in any of these dark alps, and unlike when she was young and curious to entertain an adventure, Mother had no plan for an excursion.  At home and under the care of her aunts and cousins, her two young ones beckoned, but the calling to conceive had once again compelled her to seek one of the Ophidians for a deadly dance.  This third child would be her last.
On the third evening since leaving Snake Creek, she trod along a rising ridge and arrived at the pinnacle of Lonely Mountain’s cragged spine.  Onward, the ridge dipped before rising to join the steep, magnificent wall of the summit.  Westward, Dead End Peak was laced with traps and deceptive trails, and next to it, Foul Mountain roared, emitting endless lava spewing down the River Rend.  Friendlier trails lay north, leading west to the district of Yakki, which would take her far away from home.  She needed a change of plan.
Midway up the sky, the full moon glowed pale, the sun setting, the dimming light darkening the caramel of her irises.  Her gloved hand balled into a fist, and with her right hand gripping the sword’s hilt, she paced along the pinnacle for a clear view of the slopes below.  After a quick drink from her waterskin, she crooned,
My sisters and I, we’re one of a kind.
A special someone we shall never find…
The evening breeze carried her tune, her velvety voice echoing across the slopes.  Her hair-snakes stiffened, her ears perked.  From beneath her came the grating of sand and the rolling of gravel.  Mother took a deep breath and stilled her thumping heart.  Which one of the Ophidians could be approaching?  She only needed one, could only handle one.  In any case, she could not act like prey lest she would be treated like prey.  With calculated charm, she lilted,
Lonely is me with fate being so unkind
Lightning struck leaving the lone pluran behind
Who is there to love me?  Oh, never mind, never mind…
 “Lone child of lightning, your search for love has not been in vain.”  A voice resonated from the rock crevices on the lee side of the mountain.
On the horizon, the night was fast encroaching on the thin banner of day, the leeward slope a patchwork of darkness and shadows.  From shade to shade, a black shape slipped.  With her Wikkenclaw glinting in the last rays of the sun, talons sharp and ready, Mother stepped back from the rim of the descent and waited for her Ophidian mate.
According to legend, when the land was young and soft like an infant’s skull, the Ophidians emerged from the molten centre of the earth, slinking through volcanic vents to Matikki.  All seven of these serpentine monsters lurked in the Shadowlands, preying on living beings, including a snake-haired pluran like Mother.  
Beware of The Small One, the mnemonic rhyme went, he strikes with deadly speed.
Beware of The Fiery One, whose anger is fearful indeed.
Beware of The Cunning One.  With his long forked tongue, will your power be undone.
Beware of The Beautiful One, whose gaze will make you melt.
Beware of The Hungry One, who feeds to stretch his belt.
Beware of The Mighty One, who has buried many in unmarked graves.
Beware of The Pale One, also called The Undead.  It’s your soul he craves.
Like the other lucerians, the plurans had their origin in that fateful night when eldritch lightning struck the erupting volcanoes of Matikki and turned lava into blood.  The molten blood travelled, turning stones into bones and earth into skin until the mixture congealed and a sentient being was born.  Each stroke of the massive thunderbolts delivered life to a child of lightning, or a lucerian, as they called themselves.  First among them was a four-legged hotfeet, then his female counterpart, then a muscular stoutan with a bovine bust, then her male partner, and soon, many more appeared: skyriders, wetskins and tailwalkers, all begotten by lightning, made to thrive in the tempestuous land.  After the last bolt of the mysterious lightning had created a female snake-haired pluran, the life-giving force disappeared, never to be seen again.
Lonely and sorrowful, the pluran grieved in song and the Ophidians were charmed.  They agreed to help the pluran conceive, if she would serve them.  Thus began the covenant that inspired thrill and dread for all plurans, including Mother.
From the dark slope, a pair of green eyes narrowed with mischief.
Let me be your thunder, your lightning and the morning rain
A new life we’ll create.  With you tonight I shall remain…
The creature slithered up towards her.  His flat head made the spiky flanges above his eyes all the more striking.  With only a third of his body in the upright position, the Ophidian was already at eye level with Mother, who stood six foot tall.  His pale full chest, basking in the last glimmer of the vinaceous light, contrasted with his sapphire back.  He slid his fuchsia tongue outward, the forked tips trailing the reptilian plates that wound along her neck and the left side of her face, before greeting her fawn hair-snakes with hisses and kisses.  His lipless mouth had a sly, friendly tilt.  A waterfall of electric vibes cascaded through Mother, and in spite of her apprehension, she blushed.
In front of her was The Cunning One, whose words were not to be trusted.  What choice did she have but to dance with him to rhymes and songs, as dictated by the covenant?  Continuing with this precarious dance was also the only way to avoid being eaten, so she picked up from his last line and sang,
Mighty Ophidian of Matikki, long shall you reign.
Promise me truly, that hope and love you shall never feign…
The Cunning One edged up against her, his body pulsating with desires seemingly predatory.  He curled his tail ever so quietly behind her, but she stepped away.  He paused, his smile fading, only to return with an air of calculating dismissiveness.  Leaning to gaze into her eyes, he lilted,
Oh dear… Love is many a splendid thing, including pain.
Submit to me now.  As the saying goes: no pain, no gain…
Again, he wrapped his tail around her, and lacking better options, she surrendered.  His head nudged against her face and torso and he drooled.  He bared his iron fangs, aimed them at her neck, and by reflex, she raised her left hand.  The metallic Wikkenclaw blocked his bite, sparking blue.  He hissed with anger.
“Remove your glove, pluran,” he demanded, his tail tightening around her legs.  In a gentler tone, he continued, ”Let me see your hand, so fragrant with barbed-petal roses.”
With her legs trapped, she could not unsheathe her sword.  Her gloved hand was her only means of defence.  She tore the left sleeve of her over-robe and that of the shirt underneath, exposing her upper left arm.
“And I thought you wanted a dance, not a duel.”  The eyes of The Cunning One turned baleful.  “I said: remove your glove.”  
Jaws clenched, she threw her metallic glove to the ground, revealing a palm firm with long elegant fingers.  
He twisted himself around her wrist.  “So flawless, your hand.  Untainted by scars or marks.  Sing with me, pluran, sing.”
Hand quivering, she complied.  “Take me now, deep into your heart…”
“Tonight, we shall never be apart…” he crooned.
“Would you give me a son… perchance?”
“Dear, you’re ruining our sweet romance.”
“A daughter then, to call my own…”
“A cure for fear of being alone.”  The Cunning One lifted her hand as he rose.  
Mother grimaced and looked away, her heart pounding.
“Face me, pluran,” he demanded.  “Let me see your smile, or you are not worth what I’m about to confer…”
“Death, you mean.”
“Life always begins with a little death.”  Wink.
He grew pale and heaved as if about to retch, then grimaced and sank his iron fangs into the back of her hand, delivering a rush of burning heat through her.  Her hair-snakes trembled in their variegated caramel glory, their fangs dripping with venom.  Her heart stopped, then pumped again with deeper, more purposeful pulses.  Her cognac eyes, heavy with bliss, blinked wide with new clarity.  As he retracted his fangs and loosened his throttling grip around her, she inhaled and bent over, hands on her belly, the heat ricocheting and writhing in her womb like a thousand serpents.  
“Ophidian…”  She gasped and grinned with excitement.
“Wriven,” The Cunning One said.  “The child’s name is Wriven.”
“Meaning ‘fierce’.  Why?”
“For being the fruit of our feisty encounter,” he explained.  “Had you been more… pliant, she might have been a… Tamerie.“  He smirked.
“Wriven she shall be called then, and I’m ever grateful for your gift.”  She kneeled before him and kissed the bite marks on her hand.  Carefully, she stepped out of his tangled trunk and slipped away, his scent protecting her.  As soon as his scent dissipated, she would once again be prey to the Ophidians, including The Cunning One.
*     *     *
Experience should have eased the birthing process, so Mother thought when she was in labour for her third child, but regardless of how hard she pushed, her womb seemed unwilling to release the baby into the world, resulting in four candle-hours’ worth of moans and pain.  Eight more candle-hours would have completed the day.  Before the fifth candle-hour ended, the baby finally slid out, fat and smeared in amniotic residue, ringlets of baby hair-snakes glistening on her head.  Sweat-soaked and exhausted, Mother received the newborn from her elder cousin and wrapped her in a blanket.  Outside, the teary willow trees, their fleshy fluorescent blooms the shape of water droplets hanging heavy on their weeping branches, softly illuminated the snowflakes drifting into Snake River.  It was the darkest day of the year.
“Deeton, what’s her name?” asked the elder cousin.  
Mother indulged in the sight of her infant, whose bright violet eyes never strayed from her gaze.  She ran her fingers past the child’s raspberry lips, her pink torso, and the tiny hands eager to seize the world around her.  Stroking her chubby chest, she echoed the baby’s giggle.
“Tithren,” Mother said.  “Her name is Tithren.  Tithren Hollow.” 
“‘Tithren’, meaning ‘victory’,” said her elder cousin in delight.  “The Cunning One has chosen well.”
Mother grinned.
2

Almost a month into the new year when the infant was thirty days old, deemed strong enough to brave the winter’s cold, Mother bundled her up in layers of swathes and readied her for her first trip out of Gash Valley.
“Mommy, let us come with you,” eight-year-old Lethlan pleaded.  Coyly, she placed a finger to her head, a blue hair-snake with glittery scales curling around it.
“Yeah, we’d like to see the market,” added Kiri, who at age four, had proved to be quite the explorer.  Too much straying far from home had grounded her several times.
“I’m only taking Tithren to see the Mend, like I did with you when you were a month old.  Your baby sister needs her Birth Rites, and we’re not stopping at the market,” replied Mother.  
The children exchanged a glance and averted their focus to their little sister.  “Will she be alright?”
“She will.  She’ll have to be.”  Mother kissed her elder children on the forehead.  “Let’s wait for spring when the weather favours such outings.  For now, you’ll go stay with Aunt Teffa.  I know she has a big pot of wooliwog stew bubbling on the stove.”
“Wooliwog!  I love wooliwogs!”  Lethlan tilted her head and snorted in a crude imitation of the furry mountain pigs.  Kiri followed her example until they burst into laughter.
Mother put on a hooded coat made with auroch hides, and slid a dagger into her shoulder bag.  Through the circular window on the roof streamed a patch of light and warmth onto the dark fang marks on her left hand.  She glanced at them as she donned a leather glove, then she settled the baby on her back in a wraparound carrier.  Tithren whined briefly before slipping into sleep again.  
The day was young when they exited their black pahoehoe lava hut on the steep terraces of Gash Valley and made their way to Aunt Teffa, who lived closer to the river.  As soon as her children had settled at her cousin’s abode, Mother continued down the river, stopping once to feed Tithren.  By late morning she had hiked out of the woodland valley.  Past Border Green, the cliffs of Gash Valley lowered to join gentler slopes, and finally, her face was splashed with sunlight.  She tilted to bask in the warm rays while her fawn hair-snakes, their tongues fluttering, intertwined with one another in delight.  A vengatri gliding in the sky charmed her.  The flying dragon, with skin of bark the colour of pewter and scales of small wavy leaves, was one of the Sacred Seven, and it was a fortuitous sign to spot one of these rare and reverent creatures.
Trees appeared and became more robust as Mother followed the course of the creek.  This flat land had an inviting openness to it that was absent in the harsh contours of Gash Valley where she and her kin sisters clustered, partly due to its proximity to the barren alps of the Shadowlands.  Outsiders never bothered to visit.  If only the pluran clan could be freed from the covenant that bound them in eternal servitude to the Ophidians, the kin sisters would not have to live like outcasts in Matikki.
The trees soon thickened into a forest that acted as a natural barrier between the plurans and the other lucerians in the north-eastern district of Tarr.  Ambling under the canopy of ancient tapus trees, Mother recognized the local skyriders, stoutans as well as a few tailwalkers with scaly land-legs.  Some of these lucerians were accompanied by servants from Wetikki.  Humans, they were called, lucerian descendants born deformed and incapable of wielding magic; they could not prosper in Matikki and moved to Wetikki where they later became a separate race.  Some had returned and sought menial work in the magic land.  Many of their lucerian masters stood entranced under the tapus trees, and a moment of weakness found Mother facing an expansive screen of flaxen air roots, which breathed in her memories and dreams and reflected them back to her like a mirror.  
In the faint, colour-washed scene unfolding before her, dark-haired Tithren was a young warrior leading the lucerians in a battle against the swampmob and their bane beasts, Lethlan and Kiri fighting by her side.  A tragic result of the eldritch lightning hitting the algae- and bacteria-infested marshes, the swampmob was a misshapen race that had emerged from these wetlands alongside the lucerians.  A tangle of feathers, claws and fur, their limbs and features were asymmetrical.  United by a singular desire to turn Matikki into the stale marshlands that they called home, they killed and had to be killed.  Although banished to The Evergreeds east of Ghost Canyon, they posed an ongoing threat.  Lethlan, the gift of The Mighty One and showing good judgement, would make a natural leader, but she had a hunch that Tithren would one day lead the warriors of Matikki and become Rend Apex, or Apex for short.  Kiri, on the other hand, a charming child of The Beautiful One, was an explorer at heart.  She might not remain in Gash Valley for long.  Regardless of what they ended up doing, it would be important that her daughters proved themselves useful to Matikki, not least to earn acceptance from their fellow lucerians, a notion that Mother planned to instil into the minds of her children.
She swatted the air roots, dismissing the image that dissipated as she picked up her pace and travelled on.  Unfamiliar with the sight of her kind, children of other lucerian clans turned towards their parents for comfort, while the adults greeted her with a guarded, courteous smile, keeping their young ones in a protective embrace.  Mother returned the greeting and pulled her hood over her hair-snakes. 
The forest thinned out as she headed towards the coast, where most denizens of Tarr resided.  After feeding Tithren, she veered north from the river to the bustling town of Ebsang.  Welcoming her on the main street was the market, an array of tables and booths selling everything from household staples to rare luxuries.  A striking blue carcass caught her attention.
“Auric-fowl, shot yesterday, still fresh,” said the black-winged skyrider, moving the bird to the front of the stall.
Alive, the auric-fowl, with its tail of fireworks, would have been a sight to behold especially in the night sky.  Excited to find such a delicacy, she removed her gloves to examine the meat.  The skyrider saw the fang marks and looked away, his smile waning.  She put her gloves back on, ready to leave.  The temptation of the cerulean meat and more importantly, the desire to see her daughters’ reaction upon tasting the delicious bird kept her tarrying at the stall.
“I have a weather spell and a fishing spell,” Mother said.
The winged butcher examined the carcass with the tip of his cleaver.  “The bird is worth three.”
“My spells are enforced with the power of the Wikkenclaw. Two will go a long way for you.”
“Deeton Hollow, daughter of The Pale One and of course, our new Arc of Tarr,” greeted the skyrider with a bow.  “I apologize for not recognizing you.  The Hollow clan must be very proud.”
“They are happy for me.  And I’ll do my best to represent Tarr at The Circle.”
“I trust your spells, so two it is.”  He unhooked the carcass and wrapped it while she produced from her shoulder bag two pieces of paper scrawled with symbols and cursive characters.
“The yellow one is the weather spell, the blue one is for fishing.”  She stuffed the wrapped bird inside her bag.
The sun had descended from its high noon position, so Mother walked briskly through the market towards the clusters of black huts near the coast.  Twisted, gnarled and wrinkled in conjoined bulbous forms, the huts were made of pahoehoe lava drawn from molten pools and tributaries and poured into shape before the magma cooled.  Traces of minerals and precious metals produced a glittery sheen, while an outer layer of resin kept the structure waterproof.  At the northern end of the residential strip stood a single hut, away from the others.  The strong whiff of creeping cloves in the air confirmed that she had reached her destination.
She removed her hood and waited at the open entrance.  Inside, a female wetskin was chanting, her slick lizard tail leaving meandering trails as she placed incense at the candlelit shrine for their god, the life-giving lightning they called Lucerie.  Finished, she turned towards the doorway, the white dot on her forehead more distinct against her charcoal skin.
“Lucky Lucerie, our new Arc of Tarr.  What an honour.”  The wetskin bowed, the permanent glistening sheen on her skin alluringly silky. 
“Please, Mend Zitka, call me Deeton.”  She stepped in, her movements disturbing the spiders dangling on gold and silver threads, who retreated to their webs.  The south side of the domed ceiling appeared shrouded in a palimpsest of golden gauzes, the north side in silver.
“Aw, another baby.”  Mend Zitka adored the hump on her back.  “Congratulations.”
“Thanks.  She’s my third.  My last.  I’m too busy to have another child.”  She bent over and loosened the straps of the wraparound carrier, while Mend Zitka removed the infant from her, careful that her claws would not pinch her.  
“Let’s take a good look at ya.”  She tilted the baby towards the slanted window on the golden roof and her enormous eyes blinked.  At the sight of the stranger, the baby’s eyes turned disc-like, her expression a mixture of shock and interest.  The Mend wiggled a charcoal webbed finger in front of her, and she seized it with remarkable strength.  
Mend Zitka’s generous smile faded.  “What’s her name?”
“Tithren.”  Mother tensed.
Mend Zitka glanced at her.  “That wasn’t the name given to her by the Ophidian, was it?”
“I am her mother.  I have the right to bless my child with a good name.”
“Deeton, you know enough about the spiritual realm to understand that karma freely flows and cannot be manipulated.  You didn’t have the clarity of the Ophidian at the moment your child began her life inside you.  The name from the Ophidian honoured the true nature of your child.  It’s wise to respect that.”
Mother seethed and huffed, “The name was Wriven.  How could I label my child ‘fierce’?  I don’t trust The Cunning One.”
The Mend held the infant in a gentle swing, her gaze fixed on her hair-snakes, all seemingly ready to strike and bite her.  “Acknowledging one’s nature is the first step to managing it.”
Eyes brimming with tears, Mother said, “My child is not cursed.”  She took Tithren and strode towards the doorway.  
“She will be extremely strong,” warned the Mend.  “Power unchecked is ultimately self-destructive.”
Mother paused.
“As Mend of Tarr, I give blessings to every newborn in the district.  I’ll do my best to help her steer her strengths towards positive paths.  In any case, she needs her Birth Rites before you can take her home.” 
Mother turned around, tears warming her cheeks.  
A layer at a time, they stripped the baby naked.  What began as a sob evolved into a blubber, accompanied by wild waving of limbs from the crying infant as the women placed her on a table with a lit candle at each corner.  Mend Zitka chanted,
Child of The Cunning One, long shall you live.
Blessings in abundance we here shall give.
Nature alone shall not control your fate;
Perils and pitfalls will nurture abate…
The first candle melted, its liquid wax igniting into fire spreading across the table, the baby twisting and crying amidst the field of flames, agitated yet relatively unharmed.  Her skin blistered and healed, scales forming over some of the wounds.  The fire was quelled by a rush of water when the second candle melted, followed quickly by the third, ushering in swirls of bone-chilling wind.  Frost blanketed the infant, her lips, stretched wide, struggling to remain red.  Mend Zitka continued her chant. 
Let the urge to hurt be curbed with the heart,
For fears when fierce can tear your life apart,
And rage is a baggage best left behind.
May you be as gallant as you are kind.
The fourth candle melted, and the table cracked and split into two.  The baby fell, landing on the floor with a thump and a bawling wail.  Mend Zitka picked her up, pacified her and checked her over.  Mother frowned.
“Her back is terribly bruised,” she said, as if with disappointment.
“Other than that, she is fine.  She’s fared much better than many others I’ve seen.  Some bled, and others had broken bones.  A few didn’t survive.  She will make a fine warrior.”  Mend Zitka wiped the baby’s tears with a towel and took it to the shrine while Mother returned Tithren to the wraparound carrier, securing her on her back by knotting the straps tight across her chest.  
When Mend Zitka returned, she gave Mother a small embroidered pouch.  “Here, her Birth Cloth.”  She smiled.
Mother opened the pouch.  Inside was a golden handkerchief made with the silk of the spiders from the south side of the ceiling, the Sun Weavers.  She unfolded the cloth, and as expected, the Mend’s chant was on it.  She returned the cloth to the pouch and secured that inside her shoulder bag.  “Thank you, Mend Zitka.  We’ll come see you again when the snow thaws.” 
The baby slept soundly on the way back to Gash Valley.  Having survived her Birth Rites, Tithren Hollow, according to Matikki custom, had officially arrived.










PART II
DISCOVERY AT BLACKWOODS MOUNTAIN








3

Hidden in the luscious crown of a zimmit tree, sixteen-year-old Tithren shifted in her seat on a mid-level bough, her fingers, covered in nude scales, curling absently around one of her sapphire-tinged black hair-snakes.  For a while, she had enjoyed eating a fire-roasted squirrel freshly caught and skinned, then had climbed up and taken a short nap after a hard day of combat practice at Pikwik, the training camp in the faraway district of Keza.  Thankfully, the facility had trained a fleet of kobakyas, giant pelican-like birds with chameleonic feathers, to fly around Matikki and transport students to and from the camp.  Today Tithren had convinced her kobakya to drop her off at an obscure slope past Border Green by the zimmit tree, where she was to meet with her sister, Kiri.
A candle-hour had passed, and still Kiri was nowhere to be seen.  The roar of a waterfall nearby muffled any noise and put her on constant alert for intruders.  Although she was a long hike away from home, Mother could still be hunting in the area and inadvertently spot her.  Above, the late afternoon sun remained sprightly, and the tree’s thick waxy leaves and clustered white blooms provided some much needed shade.  At last, from a zigzag trail of quivering shrubs came an amoebic patch of a figure wiggling up the slope below.  Tithren sat up, bounced down the branches and straightened her clothes, a knee-length olive jacquard over-robe cinched with a brown leather belt.  Her black hair-snakes writhed with agitation when she said, “You are late.”
“We found a couple wetskins from Pongoon camping out at Red Creek, and we had to question them.  I couldn’t sneak out,” Kiri panted, her emerald eyes striking against her pale face.
“With your combat skills, you should’ve been made a Vigor, keeping the swampmob where they belong.  Not patrolling,” Tithren scoffed.
“The seniority of a Rend Vigor?  Wouldn’t that be nice?  Lightning left behind a single pluran, not a pair.  We were an accident, an unfinished idea meant to fade away…”  Kiri kicked a rock down the slope.
“And we are still here, and Mother made The Circle. We are not an accident, we are a miracle.  Our paths are different from the other lucerians, which makes us special and superior, not inferior to them.”
Kiri wrapped an arm around her sister.  “Tithren, your big ideas will either lead you to greatness or…”
“Yeah, greatness or… an epic death.”  Tithren chuckled.  Indeed, anything in between would be unimaginable.  “So, what about those wetskins?  Did you send them back to Pongoon?”
“We had no reason to, but they know that we’re keeping an eye on them.  Anyway, we should go, or we won’t make it back before dark.”  
“Yeah, you’re telling me.”
The sisters descended the slope to the creek, a tributary of Snake River, and headed towards the waterfall, yards of silk plunging from the overhanging stream.  Tithren dipped one foot into the water, chilling her through her leather boot to her calf.  Together with Kiri, she waded along the bank until the riverbed became too deep and swam towards the side of the cascade, water pelting down loud and heavy like arrows, making their hair-snakes curl in ringlets.
After exchanging a quick nod, the sisters swam underneath the waterfall and emerged in the rock shelter behind the river curtain.  Their hair-snakes unwound while they shook loose the moisture from their bodies.  
“Ooh, that water is cold.”  Tithren shivered.
“That’s why not many of us know about this passage.”  Kiri yanked open her belted wraparound over-robe, revealing her tough, flexible battleskin and the hilt of a small shielded blade.  
“You’re carrying a dagger.  What happened to Evory?”  Tithren smirked.
 “Carrying a five-foot-long sword for a hike?  It’s bulky; it draws attention.  I don’t think so.”  She reached for a burgundy scarf, carefully placed between the battleskin and her undergarment so it had remained relatively dry throughout the swim, and covered her auburn hair-snakes and most of her face with it.  Tithren’s sapphire-tinged black hair-snakes slithered around and took a while to be contained.  They put on gloves before shuffling along the narrow meandering corridor, the water’s roar fading behind them.  
The opening at the other end was covered with brambles, necessitating their protective coverings.  Rats squealed and bit them.  The prickly shrubs bent and trembled as they pushed their way through and emerged into a forest fresh with rain, the air piquant with scents of wood sap, soil turned and life renewed.  The sisters unwound their scarf-coverings from their faces and tugged the fabric underneath their turbans.  
“Blind me Lucerie.  The vermin be damned.”  Kiri picked the thorns from her brown outfit.
“Wish we could just cut through the branches…”
“And risk exposing the passage?  No.  The Circle seals all unmanned routes to Wetikki for safety reasons.  The brambles and the rats stay.”  On one knee, she ran a hand through the wet soil and smudged her face with the dirt. 
Tithren grimaced.  “Is this really necessary?” 
“We’re not in one of the trade towns.  It’s best we put on some disguise.”  
“Kiri, you’re as tall as a human man.  Having dirt on your face won’t help you blend in.” 
“Just shut up and do it.”
Tithren smeared mud over her cheeks.  “So, where is this treasure you want to smuggle back home?”
Kiri winked.  “Follow me.”
They travelled nimbly down the mossy woodland slopes, moisture in the air clinging to their skin like a film of ethereal dew, which felt uncomfortable only because it was unfamiliar to them.  Connected by passages scattered along a border that was hard to define, Wetikki, in spite of its similarities to Matikki, was a vastly different world, so named for its humidity compared to the lucerians’ volcanic birthplace.  Seemingly fused to its counterpart by magic, it was discovered by errant lucerians in the early days of history.  The Mend Superior at the time consulted Lucerie by waiting for a stormy night and interpreting the way lightning hit the ground before he declared it inappropriate for lucerians to live under this different sky.  Humans, who had no future in Matikki, and having no other options, had explored Wetikki and later claimed that world as their own.  Lucerians remained visitors in popular merchant towns, but only the curious like Kiri and Tithren would dare exploring beyond the regular trade perimeters.  
The pluran sisters slowed when they heard the squelching footsteps of approaching travellers.  To their delight, no one paid much attention to them.  At twenty years of age, Kiri had the average adult height of a female lucerian at six feet, while Tithren at sixteen and a few inches shorter than her sister, in her current disguise could have passed for a human.  When they neared a creek, the air was almost dank and the ground was soggy.  Fallen logs lay scattered across the contoured land, draped here and there in chartreuse velvet, resting on stone pillows half sunk into the wet earth.  Kiri stopped, hunched over and searched intently the debris-strewn slopes.  She hopped from stone to stone to log, bent down and pointed to a fecund patch of mulch.  
From behind her, Tithren leaned forward and scrunched up her nose.  “What is that?”
“I don’t know, but they taste good.”  Kiri oozed an effervescence of excitement.
“They look disgusting… like brains.  I don’t think Mother would like that.  Definitely not for her birthday.”
“They are the best things I’ve ever eaten.  Trust me.”  
Kiri stepped onto the soft soil and nudged away the log sheltering the wrinkly buds.  Carefully she pulled the treasured clump loose from the mulch.  Tithren checked the slope for similar clusters and soon, the two had gathered a sizable collection of what appeared to be burgundy cranial lobes.  While her sister was still busy foraging, Tithren examined one of the lobes more closely and imagined the taste of this exotic vegetation with mounting anticipation.
“Be careful about those mushrooms.”
Tithren shrieked and dropped the little brain.  She turned around.
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you,” said a young man, stepping back.  Across his shoulders hung a burlap shoulder bag.  Next to him was a boy with a birthmark the shape of a teardrop on his left hand, his gaze turning apprehensive.  
Kiri hurried back and the man eyed her up and down, seemingly astounded by her height.  Averting his gaze to the ground, he explained, “I mean no harm.  Just want to alert you that the mushrooms are poisonous.”
“No, they’re not,” insisted Kiri.  “I’ve tried them.  Leave us alone.”  She reached for her dagger. 
“Wait.”  The man pushed his palms out.  “Those are false morel mushrooms, which are poisonous and don’t taste half as good as the real ones.  Check them carefully: they curve outwards like brain lobes.  Real morels have depressions that cave inwards.”  
He reached into his shoulder bag and produced a handful of mushrooms.  Kiri gazed hard at them while Tithren brought over a sample from their collection, and they scrutinized the two groups of fungus.
Eyes moving back and forth between the man and his palm, Kiri told him, “Eat them.”  
Sighing, he picked a couple of his samples and ingested them, then returned the rest to his bag and proceeded to leave with the boy.
“Give us the bag.”  Kiri pressed her dagger against his neck.  
The boy gasped, his eyes brimming with tears.  Tithren squinted, recoiling with a tug of compassion for the child’s misery.  She said, “Just let them go.” 
“The mushrooms are not just for me and my brother.  Our parents are old and cannot forage or hunt for themselves.  I can tell you where you can find more of these morels.  There’s no need for violence.”
“We don’t have time to look for these… morels.  For all we know, you could have picked them all.  Give us your bag.  Hunger is better for you than death.”
Slowly, the man lifted the strap of his bag from his shoulders.  Kiri pointed her dagger away to give him space for the manoeuvre, when with a sudden twist of his hand, from inside his sleeve he produced his own dagger.  He swatted with his blade and knocked Kiri’s dagger flying.  A quick reflex enabled her to grab it by the hilt before it reached the ground.  She charged back at him.
“Get the boy,” she said.  Her eyes flared with rage.
Tithren ran after the lad, who took to his feet.  A leap and a pounce easily landed her on top of him, and he bit, clawed and punched but in vain.  With one hand, she locked his wrists with an iron grip.  With her other hand, she held his neck down with a firm but gentle throttle.  He spat at her.  She squeezed, and for a moment, enjoyed the power she had over the boy, watching him as he choked and suffered under her wrath, when a surge of sadness gradually softened the rage.  Killing him achieved nothing anyway. 
“Don’t move.”  Hands tight around his wrists, she let him stand.  “If you want to get out of here alive with your brother, tell him to give up the mushrooms.”
The boy grimaced and spat at her.  She slapped him.  Daggers clanged and sparked.  The man, despite his otherwise remarkable sword skills, lost his focus, and his gaze wavered.  Kiri’s burgundy turban appeared to be undulating.  He retreated, barely parrying her relentless charges, his eyes glued to the unravelling headscarf.  Auburn snakes crept through the folds in the turban and he dropped his weapon, brows drawn up with shock.  
The boy screamed.  She covered his mouth while he kicked and twisted in fear.  
Kiri slashed the bag from the man’s shoulder and dented the skin of his throat with the tip of her blade.  Her red hair-snakes emerged like vines.
The man murmured, “Lucerian.” 
“Low-blood…”  Her dagger further testing his skin’s elasticity, she broke into a sly grin.  Her hair-snakes lunged forward and hissed, their forked tongues molesting his face.  
Tithren winced.  Her hair-snakes shimmied in a frenzy as if in excitement over the man’s predicament, and yet the purple of her irises intensified with inexplicable concern for him.  The death of a human should be no more devastating than that of a wooliwog, which she enjoyed hunting.  Unlike the wooliwogs, who just ran and fought like mad and died with no more than a groan and a snort, humans evinced such pain and fear in their expressions.  If that was a survival mechanism, it worked.  Her grip on the struggling boy turned protective.
Kiri breathed into the man’s ear, “Should have given me the bag when I asked you.”  
A slash of her dagger sent a spray of blood onto the mulched ground, specks landing on her grimy face and brown robe.  The man dropped to the floor, and his brother let out a scream muffled by Tithren.  Kiri turned and threw the dagger towards the child, but Tithren caught it.  Her hold on the boy loosened, and he dashed.
Kiri picked up the man’s dagger and aimed again.  She missed.
Tithren slackened with relief and felt a sharp sting on her cheek.  She reached to soothe the finger marks burning on her face, fixing a hard gaze on Kiri, who stood in front of her, huffing and furious.  
“Now you’ve given them an excuse to stir up trouble.  Thanks, Tithren.  You’ve just started a war.”
Tithren stared at the man on the ground, full of pity.  “To be fair, he did us a favour by warning us about the mushrooms.”
Kiri jolted the body with a kick to the ribs.  “Life is never fair, Tithren.  As a pluran, you should know that.  We needed the mushrooms, and I couldn’t risk him telling on us.  I did what I had to, but it doesn’t matter now, because you’ve ruined it for us.  This man died in vain because you’ve let his brother go.  That one soul you’ve let live could result in death for many other lucerians.  Have you thought about that?  If folks back home knew about this, you’d never make Rend.  You might not even be allowed to dance with the Ophidians.  Kindness will kill you, Tithren.”
A rush of rage rose along Tithren’s bloodstream like lava, inciting her to raise her dagger-wielding fist towards her sister.  Kiri ducked, but several of her hair-snakes were sliced off by the blade.  Tithren sent her other fist to her sister’s cheek.  “You could have used an amnesia spell, if your chanting skills were any good.  Is this why you keep sneaking out to Wetikki?  Because you’re too afraid to dance with the Ophidians?”
Kiri retaliated with a punch.  “You don’t talk to me like that.  You may be Mother’s favourite, but I’m still your elder sister.  In case you’ve forgotten, chants can be reversed, and only the dead remain silent forever.  He’s only a human, what do you care?”
Tithren threw the dagger onto the ground and wiped blood off her nose before striding up the woodland hill.  Shadows on the slopes lengthened as light waned.  In spite of her anger, she regretted the fiery exchange with her sister, her best friend, who trod behind her, the stained dagger replaced in its scabbard and the bag of mushrooms tight in her clutch.  In silence, they headed towards the bramble-covered corridor.
4

In an open terrace near Snake River, many Gash Valley residents attended Mother’s forty-sixth birthday party beginning at twilight, many of them in their best outfits, their hair-snakes adorned with metal rings and cuff bracelets.  Teary willows and other night-glowing vegetation were planted around this south-facing field to maximize their sun exposure, yielding brighter illumination at night.  Many of Tithren’s aunts and cousins were present at the occasion, commenting on the painfully-procured morels unavailable in the volcanic lands of Matikki.  The wrinkly fungi, studded in a bowl of vegetable ragù like glistening jewels, were served and consumed, together with wooliwog steaks, sunflower crabs, tiger corn soup and an array of stews and comfort food.  Only a few of the Hollows found the strange spongy texture of the mushrooms appealing.  Sadly, Mother wasn’t one of them.  Tithren grasped with grudge and guilt the truth about Kiri’s comment.  Indeed, the young forager in the forest had been killed for nothing.  
After the feast, groups of plurans formed circles in the field and enjoyed a traditional dance, while Tithren and her family joined the spectators on the benches.  The bruise on her face from her sister’s punch was painful to touch, and she, like Kiri, blamed her injury on the allegedly slippery slopes on which she fell during mushroom collection.  Lethlan, the eldest, dandling her five-year-old daughter Avli on her lap, eyed her sisters intently as they related the story of their foraging excursion. 
“Did you encounter any humans in the forest?” Lethlan asked.
“A few,” replied Kiri in a casual tone.  “But our disguise worked.”
Next to her, Tithren bared a hint of teeth.  Mother gave her an affectionate squeeze and a kiss while Kiri glanced from the corner of her eyes.
“Thank you, my sweethearts,” said Mother to the two of them, patting Kiri on the back.
Avli, who got her dark skin from being a child of The Small One, hopped down from her mother’s lap and embraced Tithren.  “Auntie Tithren, take me with you to Wetikki, will ya?”
The child’s imploring gaze brought new warmth to her smile.  She stroked her cheeks and said, “When you’re older, sure.”
“I get older every day.  We’ll go tomorrow.”
Tithren chuckled.  “Come.  Let’s dance.”
They joined the nearest circle of a dozen dancers who spread out to let them in.  Tithren skipped and turned, skipped and turned, then lifted her arms and moved to the centre with her fellow dancers, managing to leave the afternoon’s debacle behind.  But something behind the glowing trees on the southern slopes made her glance up. 
Changing her position in the dance circle did not distract her from the shifting shadows.  Ears perked, she could hear the faint rustle of branches accompanying every movement of the suspicious figures.  There should be no more than two to three trespassers hiding on the dark slopes.  Casually, she dropped out of the dance and approached Kiri on a bench.    
“Bring Evory and come with me,” she whispered.  “We’ve got either thieves or spies in our midst.”
Quietly, the pluran sisters slipped behind the teary willows bordering the open terrace, their previous conflicts forgotten during this emergency.  Still without a weapon to claim her own, Tithren took Kiri’s dagger and skulked up the opposing slope, avoiding the well-lit stone stairways by choosing the unpaved paths that meandered between non-glowing trees.  As she adapted to the low light, she quickly distinguished two strangers.  They appeared smaller and stockier than the average lucerian, about her height, but their long hooded cloaks kept their identity hidden.  Revealing the careful stride of trained militants, they skulked from tree to tree, apparently selecting a route enabling visibility of the celebration in the valley below.  Tithren gave in to a quick, satisfying grin.  Mother’s birthday had been an inadvertent distraction that had held the strangers captivated.  Without the party, they could have slipped away undetected.
Drawn to the laughter and dancing, the hooded figures ventured out of the trees onto a vantage point guarded by a parapet against which they hunched forward for a clearer view.  One of them, the smaller of the two, let his guard down, let his tail show.  Kiri’s hair-snakes stood up.  
The elder sister leapt out and brandished her weapon, a black and white sword called Evory, bladed on both sides.  At once, the strangers’ cloaks were shredded, revealing the battleskin underneath.  Tithren joined in and charged the smaller one with her dagger.  The figure turned around, his flat amphibian head and thin line of a mouth stretching across his face telling her that he was a wetskin from Pongoon, possibly one of the two questioned by Kiri in Red Creek earlier that day.  Even though she had not earned her weapon, a prerequisite for becoming a Rend or a warrior, Tithren’s sword skills were impressive.  The lucerian battleskin, a flexible, skintight armour made with metal and the spell of a weapon master, is soft like silk, tough like steel.  It hardens on impact.  To pierce the magical body shield, she skimmed it with fast, steady strikes.  Then she thrust and stabbed at the resulting slits, staying close to her opponent, never giving him a chance to swing his sickle and chain.
The clash of the din travelled fast to the terrace below, and soon a dozen more plurans rushed up the slopes.  Quickly outnumbered, the wetskins were forced to drop their weapons and raise their webbed palms, their dark claws slick with their own blood.
*     *     *
Lines on Mother’s face, etched by the forty-six winters she had endured in Gash Valley, deepened at the sight of the wetskins tied and kneeling in front of her, their spotted glistening skin crusted with dried veins of blood.  Obviously, no one wanted their birthday party to be ruined.  Being the Arc of Tarr, Mother was the highest ranked lucerian in the gathering, most fit to question the intruders.
Wikkenclaw fitted over her left hand, she asked, “Who are you and what are you doing here?”
“Salmu Lung…” the stocky one mumbled.
“… and Keraji Lung from Pongoon,” added the slightly built one who had fought against Tithren.  “We got lost on our way to the north.”
“When I questioned you earlier today at Red Creek, you didn’t mention the north,” said Kiri. 
“There is nothing in the north but the Shadowlands, and it’s the last place lucerians want to be in.”  Mother flexed her fingers, her Wikkenclaw clacking.  “The area is hot and dry with not a single drop of water.  Then there are the Ophidians, whom no lucerian wishes to encounter, except for us plurans, who as bound by the covenant, must seek them out for the perpetuation of our kind.  You travel with full suits of battleskin and weapons, so you cannot be merely careless trespassers.  You are on a mission.  What is it?”  
The wetskins tensed and looked to the ground, sweat from their foreheads dripping onto the soil.
Kiri pointed the tip of her sword at Salmu’s posterior and said, “Come clean or we’ll chop off your tail, then your limbs and your head.”
The wetskins remained defiant.  Seconds later, Salmu’s face reddened and strained, as if with intense pain.  Hands tied behind his back, he bent forward, shoulders hitting the ground.  The thin line of his mouth thickened with blood as he convulsed in agony.  
Tithren pried open his lips and gasped.  “He has bitten off his tongue and has choked himself with it.”   She pounded his chest, forcing him to cough out the severed muscle.
Mother squeezed open the mouth of Keraji Lung and stuck in her Wikkenclaw.  She chanted,
Whatever secrets held still by this tongue,
Let them loose, and be the hero unsung.	
Mercy and judgement will be on your side,
If you are shown to have nothing to hide.
Blue sparks burst in the air, sprouting light streamers that crawled between Mother’s lips and her Wikkenclaw.  The strands of lightning slithered through the overlapping plates of her metal glove into Keraji’s mouth.  Mother removed her hand, and the wetskin’s tongue danced and wiggled as if with a will of its own.  Keraji sputtered intermittent gargling sounds while he struggled to free himself, but several plurans held him still.
“On reconnaissance… to claim Pya.  Get ownership of birds…”  
“The kobakyas.”  Mother frowned.  “Why?”
“No seat… at Circle.  Birds give… power.”
“The Circle has a seat for Pongoon, but the feuding clans in your district cannot agree on a representative to occupy that chair.  How dare you plan to claim sole ownership of the kobakyas?  We all need those birds for travelling long distance.”  After a pause, Mother asked, “How would Pongoon expect to win against the rest of us in Matikki?” 
Keraji’s face contorted into a tortured grin.  “Allies…  Many of us want Pya.”  The wetskin foamed at the mouth and lost consciousness, dropping to the ground next to his partner.
Kiri swung Evory towards Keraji’s neck, but was intercepted by Tithren’s dagger.  Kiri tensed, her auburn hair-snakes more voluminous amid their wild dance and extended tongues.  
Tithren also boiled with rage.  Rage towards Kiri’s recklessness.  Rage against her own rage that made her no better than her sister.  
A voice inside said, “Calm down, Tithren.  Remember: it’s Mother’s birthday.”  
She took a deep breath and composed herself.  “What should we do with them, Mother?” 
At Mother’s instructions, Kiri and a group of kin sisters took the wetskins to their local patrol post, where they would be locked up, thus bringing Mother’s birthday party to a dull depressing end.  After the guests had left, Tithren stayed behind with Mother and massaged her neck, covered with scales that had lost their youthful sheen.  Relaxed, the aging matriarch leaned back against the bench and sighed.
“As if the swampmob and their bane beasts in The Evergreeds aren’t enough trouble already, we’re now on the brink of a civil war.  I should call for a meeting at The Circle tomorrow.  We need to keep Matikki united and prevent this war at all costs.”
Tithren slid her hands down to Mother’s shoulders and kneaded them, a bit too fervently.  “A civil war may not be such a bad thing for us, Mother…”
She hissed.  “Tithren, that’s a horrible thing to say.”  
“To the rest of Matikki, we’re still the outsiders.  They don’t like our single-sex community.  They turn a blind eye to our dark covenant with the Ophidians out of pity for our… misfortune and a loathed necessity to rely on us for our battle skills.  The strength of the Ophidians is in our blood, and we are better warriors than most of them, and they know it.  We thrive in war, not in peace, Mother.  Plurans have no place in a united Matikki.”
Tithren felt Mother’s pulse quickening and removed her hands.  Her heart was pounding with conviction about her clan’s status in the land.  Still, it might not have been the tactful thing to say, given Mother’s preference for mediation over confrontation.  Mother’s approach had won her a seat at The Circle.  Although negotiation was not Tithren’s strong suit, she could not deny that peaceful means had their advantages.  She sat down beside Mother and awaited the usual lecture on kindness and compassion.
Mother looked tense.  She rested an elbow on the back of the bench, propping her forearm upright.  She flexed it.  Under the glow of the teary willows, the scales partially covering her skin shone like a half-formed piece of armour.  Tithren pursed her lips, wanting the impending reprimand to be over.
Mother gestured for her to sit closer.  She caressed Tithren’s hair-snakes and said, “Tell Kiri to kill the wetskins.”
Tithren pulled back, eyes wide.  The fear coursing through her veins morphed into excitement.  She placed a cautious hand on Mother’s lap.  “You… you agree with me.”
Gaze firm with resolution, Mother replied, “I’ll tell all our kin sisters to keep quiet about tonight’s incident.  If anyone asks, we never met the wetskins.  We have no knowledge of their plan.  More importantly, we need to hone our combat skills.  Tithren, you need to earn your weapon fast.  The time is now for plurans to rise.” 



5

Tithren woke early the next day, her bearing alert, her hair-snakes swaying with delight.  In addition to her nefarious excitement about the secret trouble brewing in Pongoon, which opened opportunities for the pluran clan to gain power in Matikki, today was the much-anticipated field trip to Victory Hill Foundry for a demonstration of how weapons were made.
After a quick breakfast of porridge with cured meat, she put on her battleskin.  Being in a delightful mood, she chose her favourite regal blue robe to wear over it and on a hair-snake at her right temple, she placed an ornamental cuff bracelet.  Then she left the pahoehoe hut that she shared with Mother and Kiri and hiked up the usual path to a landing pad carved into the slope of the Gash Valley gorge, where she waited for the kobakya to pick her up.  At this higher altitude, the slit of sky opened up and appeared more welcoming with its feathered clouds and pastel glow.  The fresh air and the brightening morning prompted her to snap a branch from a tree and practise sword-fighting against the trunk.  Twigs trembled, and she smirked.  At sixteen, she felt ready to conquer the world.
Two other kin sisters around her age showed up and gasped.  Tithren had swung her branch sword, pointing inches away from them.  Groggy, they weren’t impressed.  Above them, a pale blue bird with a wingspan wide enough to shade a tree cast a brief shadow before landing next to them, its feathers darkening to blend with the brown-grey soil of the cliff.  A kobakya from the Pya archipelago, the pelican-like creature stood as tall as a pahoehoe hut, with a corona crest curving like waves rising from its slender neck, and a yellow beak as long as a sword.  Bray-bray, cluck-luck-luck-luck-luck, cheep-cheep-chirp, it cried, showing a mouth full of tiny, sharp teeth.  Tithren hopped on and her kin sisters sat behind her, wind whipping their hair-snakes backwards as they took off to the west.
Tithren had always enjoyed the daily flights to Pikwik, which routed her over the different districts of Matikki.  She always knew when they flew past the River Rend, where the air was hot and the ground below looked like a sliced blood vessel.  Once she became cooler, she peered through the misty clouds for a view of the white alps of the Mercy Mountain Range.  The ashen basins of the Mile of Mend, reserved for cleansing baths given to warriors after a battle, looked captivating with their terraced blue pools.  The wind blew cooler still when they reached the Serenity Sea, where upon its west coast stood Pikwik.
The kobakya descended and pushed its legs forward on approach to the West Field, where others of its kind gathered to deliver students.  Tithren stayed seated while her kin sisters jumped down, then the kobakya took off again.  They headed northwest to Victory Hill, the last peak of the Champion Mountain Range, with views of Koby Strait and Hook Canal.  On its summit perched one of the few weapon foundries in Matikki, the pahoehoe structure a giant black and glittery bulb with hot-air vent tunnels sprouting from the roof like truncated stalks.
They landed in the open courtyard in front of the foundry, its constant clang of metal resembling heartbeats, and Tithren found herself the first to arrive.  Under the watchful eyes of a pair of four-legged hotfeets guarding the entrance, she settled on a stone bench and tilted her face like a sunflower to the morning rays.  The district of Keza, the tongue of western Matikki jutting out into the Serenity Sea, protected on all sides and open only to the blue sky above, would make a comfortable place to live, she imagined.  The air was refreshing.  In the distance, the sparkling sea hypnotized her.  If indeed civil war did break out and her kin sisters could be promoted to become Rend Vigors, their new prestige could bring them increased acceptance from the other lucerians and enable them to establish a secondary residence in this better part of the land.
As the sun scaled higher, her fellow students drifted towards her.  While her class was a menagerie of adolescent stoutans, skyriders, tailwalkers, hotfeets and wetskins, she was the only pluran there.  A tailwalker called Junpo from the underwater district of Moopot swam with a serpent tail and if she had to make a comparison, would seem closest to her kind in terms of physical resemblance.
“You look different today.  You’re glowing.”  Junpo smiled and sat down next to her.  He tugged up his breeches, his bare land-feet webbed and black as tar.  As a tailwalker, he saw little use for shoes when his land-legs would morph back into a serpent tail every time he returned to water.  “I like your robe.”  He trailed with his finger the red embroidery hemming the blue fabric.
Briefly, her gaze lingered on his dark sculpted arms.  Unlike her, he had only sleeveless battleskin to cover his torso, a dagger hanging handsomely on his right hip.  His defined biceps were mostly covered in shiny black scales.  Unlike humans, who grew calluses for protection, the lucerian skin evolved into different forms of biological armour as the body weathered physical trials and battles.  Features like scales and feathers were signs of strength and power.  Tithren grinned with quiet admiration.  She also had lines of scales in flesh and salmon tones sprawling all over her, some of which he had undoubtedly seen when they swam together.
From a distance, she spotted her classmates Sellen Gale and Simyan Windsong approaching.  Like all skyriders, they had wings, but Sellen cut a humanoid silhouette while Simyan had an avian bust, his arms and legs partially covered in feathers.  They were laughing, his beak letting out bizarre clucks as they landed in the courtyard holding hands, happily oblivious to the world around them.  That strange bliss between lovers made her curious and even a bit jealous.
She inched towards Junpo, touching his shoulder with hers.  “How was Rest Day?”  
He leered flirtatiously at her and grinned.  “Don’t know why, but our house was full of girls visiting from the neighbourhood, so my brother and I decided to escape and hunt some giant squids.  We caught one.”  He winked.
“Girls, huh?  Found anyone you like?” she teased him.
“Nope.”  He looked away.
“Why not?  You’re seventeen, old enough to start looking for a wife.  I’m sure you’ll have no problem finding one.”
He turned towards her and rested his gaze on the striking purple discs of her eyes and the pink of her sun-bronzed cheeks, a hint of blush suffusing his face and deepening his scant facial scales.  As he pulled away, she felt a tinge of sorrow.  Being a child of an Ophidian, she did not have any genuine desire for other lucerians, not even an attractive specimen like Junpo.  At times she fancied being a tailwalker and imagined what it would be like to couple with a male counterpart, but those moments were brief.  She was a pluran through and through.  When the urge for procreation became strong enough, she would feel compelled to seek the Ophidians for a dance.  She wondered if Junpo’s inexplicable affection was just a tease.
Her black hair-snakes, iridescently blue under the sun, untangled themselves to bathe in a rush of breeze from the east.  Tithren looked up.  A kobakya swept in, carrying a wetskin with a frog-like head.
“Instructor Beio,” Tithren and the others greeted the wetskin as she alighted from the bird.
The instructor wore a belted knee-length over-robe with a hint of battleskin peeking from the neckline.  She gathered the young lucerians at the centre of the courtyard and said, “Students, you have heard about darts that can freeze or melt a target upon contact, or a whistle that can disorient an enemy.  Our weapons have been incredible tools in our wars against the swampmob, and today you will see a demonstration of how they are made.  Follow me.”
Tithren stood, Junpo’s hand squeezing her palm.  In the absence of close friends in her group, this tailwalker’s affection was at least flattering.  She let him pull her along.  Some of their classmates glanced over, as if their holding hands was edging beyond the boundaries of social acceptance.  Since inter-species romance never bore fruit, they were literally flirting with disaster.  Tithren knew that, as did Junpo, she presumed.  Being an outsider in Matikki, she really didn’t care.  At least, not at the moment.  
They, along with their classmates, waited behind Instructor Beio while she requested entry from the four-legged guards who turned out to be handsome twins.  Once inside, they found themselves in the lobby, where more than a dozen show pieces of weaponry were on display.  On the walls, bronze and silver murals illustrated the sword-making process and related how the weapons became tools of victory against the swampmob, depicted with limbs severed, bodies impaled and dismembered.  Statuesque guards patrolled, ensuring no one strayed into restricted areas.  
At the far end of the lobby, Instructor Beio led them down a spiral staircase and into one of the basement chambers.  A cast-iron banister separated the swordsmiths from the visitors, who could view the process without disturbing the work in progress.
The heat inside the room was stifling, and the weapon master and his assistants were toiling hard in front of the furnace.  One kept the fire going while the master, a large stoutan with a bovine bust, withdrew a skinny block of glowing alloy from the flames with a pair of metal tongs.  He rested the alloy on the anvil and tilted it at an angle while the other assistant hammered it.  Sometimes the master took turns with the assistant in the hammering, and soon, this flattening and folding process turned the block of alloy into an elongated sheet.  Tithren took her hand from Junpo.  Her clammy palm was bothering her. 
After more hammering, the stoutan assessed the glowing sheet of steel, adjusted the fire and inserted the flattened alloy sheet before he reached deeper into the furnace for a mysterious pot of what appeared to be boiling lava.  How could that be?  No furnace could be hot enough to keep lava in its liquid form.
The master took two small pouches from hidden pockets in his breeches and like a chef, sprinkled the mysterious powder into the cup of angry lava while he chanted,
Moon of the ocean: opulent.
Bones of the earth: magnificent.
Blood of the Mountain, red with rage,
And fury blends well with courage.
Moon and blood and bones become one,
In accord with sword, my work is done.
The powder seemed to further agitate the lava.  At the master’s instruction, one of the assistants turned up the fire and took out the flattened alloy.  The swordsmith, with his steady hands, drizzled the blistering lava onto the glowing strip of steel.  The lava sizzled and popped, like sauce reducing in a frying pan, and with his hammer he folded the steel in half, incorporating the lava mixture into the metal.  Repeatedly, he folded and flattened, folded and flattened the metal strip.  His body was raining sweat.  Amidst the endless pounding, a sword blade began to take shape.  Finally, he submerged the glowing blade into a trough of water.  When he lifted it, a distinctive set of sanguine lines meandered down the blade.  More hammering, sharpening and sanding would be required before the weapon would be battle-ready.  He rested the blade beside the furnace and lowered the fire before wiping his forehead with relief.  Instructor Beio initiated a round of applause, and the stoutan grinned.
“Students, this is Kut Harihill.  One of the weapon masters at Victory Hill Foundry,” said Instructor Beio. 
After a short break, the master swordsmith met with the students in an auditorium to answer their questions.  As expected, they were most curious about the lava mixture and the chant.
Kut explained, “Moon of the ocean, Bones of the earth and Blood of the Mountain are all ingredients that give magical power to the weapon, and they must be added to the alloy before the blade takes its final shape.  The spell unleashes the power of the ingredients and seals it in the blade.”
“Is Blood of the Mountain lava from Foul Mountain?” Junpo asked.
The stoutan nodded.  “Clever lad.  It’s lava collected from the crater of Foul Mountain.  Lava from downstream doesn’t have the same magical properties.  It’s something you learn from experience.”
Eyes widened.  Although lucerians had tough skin and could withstand considerable heat from the River Rend, climbing to the crater of Foul Mountain was still a painful task, not to mention having to fend off the roaming Ophidians.  Tithren had never imagined that being a weapon master could be such a hazardous calling.
“What about the rest of the ingredients?  What are they?” another student asked.
Master Harihill turned introspective.  “Moon of the ocean is… a special type of pearl, and Bones of the earth are skeletal remains of a particular type of animal.  These ingredients are sacred and difficult to obtain, the knowledge of which belongs to the weapon maker.  The better the craftsman, the more ingredients he can find and the more powerful his weapons will be.  Weapon-making is not just metalwork.  It requires a combination of physical stamina, wisdom in the search of magical ingredients and strong spell-chanting skills.”
“What happens to the weapon after it’s finished?” Tithren asked.  “How do we find our own weapons?” 
“By earning them.”  Kut sighed.  “We don’t necessarily know where they are.  After a weapon is finished, a spell is used to spirit it away to an unknown location within Matikki.  We do this in accordance with the instructions handed to us by the first Mend Superior.  When you are ready, fate will lead you to your weapon.  Each has a name, which will only appear in the hands of its rightful owner.  Be patient and work hard.  There is a weapon for everyone.”
“Master Harihill, is it true that a most powerful weapon has been made recently at this foundry?” Instructor Beio asked.
The stoutan chuckled.  “Yes, one of us has recently finished a bow and arrows containing five sacred ingredients.  In addition to the three that you saw today, this particular set of archery tools is also blessed with a Mile of Mercy and the Pulse of the Heart.  The Mile of Mercy prevents the arrows from wounding the innocent.  The Pulse of the Heart is so difficult to find it might as well not exist.  The arrows are believed to be able to fly across impossible distances and once one hits its target, it cannot be removed until the target completely melts.”  He ambled closer and gazed hard at the students.  “One of you could be the owner of this legendary bow and arrows.  Good luck.”
*     *     *
That afternoon, knowledge of the legendary bow and arrows prompted Tithren to focus on her archery skills.  When the day’s training was over she, along with Junpo and many of her classmates, vied for a spot at an open field in Pikwik to prove their potential as future owner of that sought-after weapon.  She nocked an arrow to her bow and pulled.  Her fingers were firm, her arms steady, but her aim wasn’t the best.  Almost everyone could hit a stationary target.  She let her arrow fly, and as expected, it hit the red bull’s-eye with a thud.  Before she could ready her next shot, another arrow had pierced past her first.  She turned, gazing with wide-eyed indignation at the delightful Simyan Windsong stomping next to her.  The skyrider’s cawing was raucous as his girlfriend Sellen cheered him on.  How annoying.  
Junpo put a hand on her shoulder but she shrugged it off.  Hands trembling, Tithren placed her second arrow on the bow and aimed instead at a far-distant tree behind the practice target.  Determined to prove that she could earn the prestigious weapon, she focused and focused, waited until her pulse settled and her hands steadied.  Her eyes rested on a gnarl on the tree trunk, and she felt she could see it so clearly that the target appeared like a mirage hovering where the woods began.  Feeling calm and confident, she pulled the bow as taut as possible and let the arrow fly.  It even squealed as it soared through the air, landing deep in the targeted spot on the trunk.  She jumped and jumped.  Yes!  She had never shot better in her life.  Even her lukewarm associates were complimenting her with oohs and ahhs.
Next to her, Simyan took his aim.  His falcon eyes bulged with concentration.  Tithren crossed her arms on her chest and stood facing him, intimidating him with her steely stare.  In the distance a majestic cliferan, a creature resembling an oversized raven with lupine hindquarters, perching atop a pahoehoe structure seemed to focus on Simyan, and that apparent gesture of approval from one of the Sacred Seven worried her.  Simyan gave her a sidelong glance and averted his focus to the faraway tree trunk.  When he was about to shoot she debated making a noise to distract him, but the cliferan was watching.  With bated breath, she waited, confident that her aim could not be outdone.  Finally, Simyan released his arrow.  It spun as it arched across the sky, and Tithren’s heart thumped and thumped.  When it hit the trunk, the result was unclear.  She took to her feet and the others followed.  
She reached the tree and gasped.  Simyan’s arrow had shredded hers, now splayed and curled like petals around a pistil.  She yanked out that evil stalk of an arrow, snapped it into two and flounced off.
“You’re a sore loser, aren’t you?” Simyan said.
Tithren faced him, her hair-snakes wild and hissing.  How she wished she could punch his beak off his face. 
“Don’t listen to him,” said Junpo.  “We are all good at different things, and no one could beat you in pole arms.” 
Tithren stared at the tailwalker with disbelief.  Who cares about pole arms when the legendary weapon is an archery set?  She reached into her right boot and took out a hunting knife.  “Skyrider, try to beat me now.”
Others wanted to stop her, but Simyan assured them, “Don’t worry.  I’m not afraid of her.”  
“Well, you should be.”  She charged forward and slashed, cutting in half the bow that Simyan used to block her.  He swung his broken bow towards her, hoping to gain distance between them, but she bent and spun around for a leg sweep.  Simyan leapt, his wings flapping. 
Tithren reached up and pulled him down by the foot, lacerating his calves as he kicked.  Clamping the knife with her jaws, she dragged him to the ground with both arms.  At once, she nailed her knees on his thighs and pressed his shoulders down with one hand.  She took her knife from her mouth and raised it.  Her heart fluttered.
“Why so angry?” the voice inside said.  “He is not the enemy.”
Simyan’s gaze was tense, and the sight of his bulged eyes and bird beak fuelled her anger.  More importantly, how dare he embarrass her like that, in front of everyone?  She needed to instil fear and respect in this arrogant fool, break his wings or something.  She raised the knife again, tip pointing at his chest, but her arm seemed locked in position, as if shackled by an invisible chain.  Sellen snatched the blade from her.  
“Mercy Lucerie, you didn’t stab him.”  Junpo pulled her away, so others could tend to the injured Simyan. 
“I didn’t beat you, Tithren Hollow,” said Simyan.  “But you didn’t win either.  You’re not a warrior.  You’re just trying hard to look like one.”
Tithren yanked herself from Junpo’s grip and took a few steps back, as if she’d been punched in the stomach.  She couldn’t stop her tears from spilling.  Not wanting to embarrass herself further, she ran into the woods while others took Simyan back to Pikwik.  




6

Tithren found her way to a familiar cave in the woods and hid in there while she wailed.  That voice inside, that sound of conscience that prevented her from plunging into rage and recklessness turned out to be the voice of weakness, of indecision.  More than ever, she felt cursed with it.  Ahead of her was a future in the battlefield.  How could she expect to lead if she had such apprehension towards violence?  This troubling “kindness” might also cast doubts among others on plurans’ abilities to maintain peace for Matikki.  For the sake of her clan’s reputation, her kin sisters might have to ostracize her, even kill her.  
The sky had turned lilac with twilight approaching, but she didn’t want to go home.  Grudgingly, she stepped outside the cave to look for fire kindling and wood.  Trees rustled.  A dark figure approached.
“Tithren.”
“Junpo.”  She turned away from him and wiped her face of all traces of tears.  His palms felt warm on her arms.
“Simyan is going to be fine.  You’ll be glad to know that he didn’t give your name to the medicine woman at Pikwik who treated him.  I came back to make sure you are safe,” he said.
She turned to face him, eyes to the ground.  “I’m a loser, Junpo, but I can take care of myself.  Go home.”  She nudged him away.  He resisted.
“I’m not leaving without you.”  He placed her hunting knife in her hand.  “I took it back from Sellen.  Let’s find a couple rabbits before it gets dark.”
They traversed the woodland slopes and searched for burrows, her hair-snakes curling into tight rings to minimize unnecessary movement.  Rabbits bred ferociously almost all year round, forming large colonies that were easy to find.  Dagger and knife in hand, they watched from behind shrubs their prey nibbling grass.  She hadn’t eaten since lunch.  After a long day of touring the foundry, sparring practice, archery and that rage-infused brawl, Tithren’s hunger kept her mind sharp on these critters as they hopped leisurely nearby.  She zeroed in on a fat one feeding in mid-field.  Her shot would have to be strong and swift.  She positioned her fingers on her hunting knife, preparing to throw it.
The rabbits took turns to eat and watch, eat and watch.  If alarmed, they would thump their hind legs and send their companions scurrying for cover.  Next to her, Junpo emanated tension, ready to take down one of the rabbits closest to them.  If they wanted to kill two, they would have to attack in tandem.  She gestured discreetly for him to give her his dagger, which he handed over reluctantly.
Her gnawing hunger was indeed a mind-clearing agent.  With a quick flourish, both knives arched into the air.  One blade took the fat one in the neck, the other in the chest, mid-dash.  Inside the cave, they skinned and roasted the rabbits, Junpo picking slivers of meat from the bones while Tithren took her time with the rabbit’s leg.
“I thought you were hungry,” he said.
“Hunger makes me stronger…”
He chuckled.  “Hunger has made you lose your mind.”
“On the contrary, hunger has kept my mind uncluttered, so I can kill without hesitation.”  Her countenance showed firm resolve in the light of the crackling fire.
After a long pause, he said, “It’s bad karma to discard leftovers.  We should finish all the meat.”
“I’ll take the rest of it home, but…”  She stared at the darkness outside.  “I guess it’s too late to summon a kobakya.”  
“Why don’t you rest here?  I’ll keep the night’s watch and the fire going, make sure you stay warm.  Let me make a pillow for you.”  
She watched as he carved an oval depression in a block of wood, his muscles rippling, his dark scales glinting as he flexed them.  The flickering fire caressed him with fingers of warm glow, and inspired, she rested a soft scaly hand on his cheek.  He turned.  The black pools of his eyes reflected flames warm and alluring.  She was transfixed.
He kissed her.  Deep and forthright, he kissed her.  Hungry still, with only the meagre meat of a rabbit’s leg in her stomach, she felt a ferocious hunger rising and overtaking her.  Her mind was a mad tangle of emotions, and amidst the chaos, she was enjoying the mess.  Like rain and thunder on a hot sunny day.  Her dark hair-snakes reached over and drew his head tighter against hers.  Hands unsure and eager, they felt the contours of each other’s body.  He loosened her belt, and then her regal blue robe.
The air felt cooler now.  They pressed against each other, their battleskin hardening on impact, bumping and clacking.  Tithren threw her head back and laughed.  
Junpo chuckled and rested his lips on her neck.  The muscular tailwalker had the softest tongue.  Her body was reaching temperatures she had never known, and her hair-snakes, wild with pleasure, became a frightening crown.  They zigzagged in the air, inching ever so closely towards Junpo, their tongues vibrating with urgency while Tithren gave in to the most bizarre feelings her mind had experienced.  Tremors spread throughout her, shaking the foundation of her beliefs and principles, and finally, she was convinced.  She would have his child.  She fumbled her way to the hidden buttons on the back of his battleskin suit and pried them open.  Sight of the masculine contours of his chest made her smile with admiration.  She drew his arms to her back and grimaced while he struggled through the laces of her protective gear.  Hurry up. 
Her hair-snakes were feeling their way through his hair, their forked tongues tasting the salt on his face.  One after another, they bared their fangs and sank them deep into his skin.  
He screamed and pulled away, his face and neck bloodied.
Tithren sat up, heaving and disturbed.  “What happened?”
“Your hair-snakes bit me.”
“They… they love you… we all do.”  She pulled him back towards her.  
He balked, the hair-snakes and their fangs drooling with desire.  “Can you tell them to stop, or cover them up or something?”
Face blank, she blinked and blinked.  “No.  They are called hair-snakes, but they aren’t really hair.  They are a part of me, and my response to your affection.  Junpo…”
His hand remained firm against her.  “Tithren, their venom will kill me.”  
“But you knew this all along.  I’m not a tailwalker.  I am a pluran.  This is what all the silly grins and holding hands are all about, right?”
He turned away from her, frowning with regret and disappointment.  “It was a mistake.  Friends have told me that a pluran’s love is deadly, and I never believed them.  I like you, Tithren.  You’re beautiful and a skilled fighter, but I’m not a pluran.  I’m not immune to the hazards of loving you.  I’m sorry.”  He picked up his battleskin and the belt holding his dagger and rose to his feet.
“Where are you going?”
“I don’t think it’s right for us to be in the same room together.”
“Come back here, Junpo.  At least spend the night with me.”
“I can’t.  Not after these…”  He probed the swelling snake bites on his neck.  “I should go back to Pikwik and get some help.”
She leapt up and pinned him to the cave wall.  “You’re a lucerian, a strong and perfect one, might I add.  You can walk through fire, and you’re worried about these little snake bites.  Come on.  Stay.”
His sweat was clammy under her fingertips.  “My face and neck are burning from the venom.  Let me go.”
“And leave me alone in the dark to fend for myself?  Didn’t you say you wouldn’t leave if I didn’t?”  Her mind was raging lightning and hail across a white-hot desert.
He pushed her away.  She pulled his dagger from his belt and pointed it at his heart.
His chest palpitated, but his breathing remained steady.  “Tithren, I know you.  You won’t hurt a friend.”
Her hair-snakes leaned close to him, fangs dripping.  “You don’t know me when I’m hungry.”
She pierced his heart with the dagger — that moment when the sharp point went through his hard flesh and into the soft layers beneath felt particularly gratifying.  Hand still on the hilt, she could feel his pulse through the length of the dagger, and she pushed it deeper, burying the blade in his heart.  Fangs dripped dry, her body temperature started to cool.  Her writhing hair-snakes returned to their relaxed state, and a series of flashbacks came to her.  In her mind, she saw him struggling, choking, even trying to push her away and run, but she was so focussed on what she needed to do, she had blacked out his pain.
“Oh no… no, no, no.”  She held him as he slid down the wall.  “I am sorry, Junpo.  Oh dear Lucerie, what should I do?”
Confused and careless, she pulled the dagger out.  Blood poured from the wound like a waterskin punctured.  Unable to speak, Junpo stared at her with a mixture of shock, anger and immense pain.  For the first time, he appeared pale, the black scales sprawling over his body turning dull.
“Junpo!  Junpo!”  
She shook him, put a hand to his wound, but nothing could stop his life from draining away.  Next to the dying fire, she gazed hard into his eyes, but those familiar dark pools had turned opaque, reflecting nothing.  In tears, she held and rocked him until all that muscle became a mass of dead weight in her arms.
*     *     *
With Junpo gone, she felt frightfully alone.  Murder was punishable by death, and she hadn’t even lived, so she was not ready to die.  The cave, once a shelter, became a maw that was to swallow her life whole.  Quickly, she fixed her battleskin and put her blue robe back on.  She hid him and his belongings in a nook at the back of the cave and in spite of the darkness, she ran into the woods, her face streaked with quiet tears.  Shirking from tree to tree, she blundered across the forest, staying close to the tinkle of a creek that wound past Pikwik, giving her an idea where she was.  Under the moonless sky, the occasional teary willow gave minimal illumination.  She mooched along the slopes gnarled with tree roots until a faint shape at the bottom of the valley caught her attention.  She crouched and crawled towards the creek, straining for a better look.  When she came close enough, she crawled up a tree and along a bough overhanging the creek.  Below her, a wolf seemed to be drinking.  
The wolf stopped and turned towards sounds coming from the slope behind him, revealing his sharp raven head and slick, feathered chest.  Tithren widened her eyes.  A cliferan, possibly the one that had witnessed Simyan’s victory over her at the archery showdown earlier that day.  Needing a quick ride away from Pikwik’s territory, she dived from the bough onto the cliferan’s back.  The animal pranced and flapped his wings, even twisted his neck around and pecked her.  Her hair-snakes retaliated with sprays of venom.  Her mount kicked and kicked, but Tithren wrapped her legs tight around his belly.  Annoyed, the cliferan took off.  
In the dark, it was impossible to tell where the creature was heading, and his continual efforts to throw her off his back by somersaulting in the air further disoriented her.  Repeatedly, he flew past trees and glided along slopes and cliffs, hoping she would crash against them and fall, but the more he tried, the more determined she was to stay in position.  On and on, they flew and struggled.  Not until she was slapped by waves of hot air did she stop and check her surroundings.  In the distance, the frothy mouth of Foul Mountain glowed as it roared in the dark.
The cliferan descended in a swift downward glide, as if wanting to crash-land.  She was barely able to hang on as they swept lower, smashing through a corridor of bare branches until finally, one of these sylvan forks unhooked her.  At once, the creature glided up into the sky, swung around and flew away, cawing with triumph as she fell through the layers of branches onto the floor.  She groped around.  No undergrowth, not even a single dead leaf on the hard ropey ground, and she trembled.  In spite of the unusually warm volcanic environment, her teeth chattered as in the depth of winter.  If she was not mistaken, the cliferan had thrown her off onto Blackwoods Mountain, territory of the Ophidians.


7

Tithren scampered and crawled over the smooth yet fissured surface of lava that had flowed and cooled on the dead slope of Blackwoods Mountain.  Eventually a boulder with a horizontal crevice enabled her to squeeze in and lie absolutely flat and still.  Being in the Shadowlands, she needed only to worry about the Ophidians, though that itself was terrifying enough.  If she died there, the giant vultures that circled the area would pick her bones clean.  If she made it through the night, she would flee from this ghastly slope by daybreak.
Legends said that the skeletal forest branches belonged to trees blackened and burnt during the birth of the Shadowlands.  Dead, they continued to weather the elements without fully breaking down or rotting away.  The dark magic in these fearsome alps had kept these dried stems standing, their crooked, mummified limbs rustling in the warm wind.  With the roof of the crevice pressing against the bridge of her nose, she couldn’t even cover her face with her hands while she sniffled with guilt and heartbreak.  Who would have killed the one she loved?  And with such cold, blind cruelty that she never knew she was capable of?  She wished she could have directed her murderous instinct towards Simyan and killed him instead.  At least then he wouldn’t be able to accuse her of not having the guts to carry out an attack on an opponent.  If not for that skyrider and how he had ruined her day, Junpo would still be alive, and she would be back home in her warm bed.  Instead, her kindness and cruelty, both misdirected, had each claimed the wrong recipient.  Her mind must be wired all wrong.
The warm wind howled.  The bare claws of the forest waved and shook as if in silent applause for its own haunting songs.  She edged deeper into the crevice, forced by the narrowing gap to turn her face sideways.  Some of her hair-snakes were crushed during the manoeuvre, but like lizard tails, they would grow back.  Exhaustion soon overcame her, and her vision narrowed and blurred.  Through her lowering eyelids, she thought she saw bright orange rivulets dripping down the slopes.  They looked beautiful, reminding her of the boiling lava poured onto the glowing strip of steel by the weapon forger.  The drips thickened on the slope, and the crevice soon felt as stifling as the foundry.  She blinked with alarm.  Outside, lava flowed like glowing slime and some of the black branches burst into flames.  She jerked with horror and hissed when her temples and knees knocked against the low roof of her shelter.  As a lucerian, her skin could withstand the heat from brief exposure to lava, but an avalanche of magma would kill her.  If an eruption was about to occur, she would rather die by leaping off the slopes than by being buried and roasted alive.  She slid out of the crevice and froze.  Slithering down from the slope above was a giant snake.
Excess lava dripped from its body, the rest cooling and crusting on its dark scaled skin.  The serpent spotted Tithren and slid at speed towards her, its sheer size telling her that it was an Ophidian.  She plucked from the ground what appeared to be the bare trunk of a dead sapling as a makeshift weapon, its roots seemingly singed by previous lava flow.  Trembling, she jumped on top of the boulder and sang,
Dazzle me now with your skin glowing bright,
Ophidian please, a child by daylight.
The Ophidian slowed, raised his head and stuck out his tongue.  The long fuchsia fork flexed as he zigzagged towards her, narrowing his elongated green eyes.  The surrounding flaming trees cast a warm light on his pale chest when he rose up in front of her.  
Tithren mentally recited the infamous mnemonic rhyme about the Ophidians, and still she could not tell which one of them she was facing.  Would he be faster than lightning?  Would he be quick to fury?  Or hunger?  Should she watch out for his tail or his tongue?  She started to sweat.  The Ophidian had remained inexplicably quiet, his gaze upon her stern and intimidating.  Was she doing the dance all wrong?  Did he not like her song?  She continued,
Why hesitate?  We have only this night,
Don’t you like me dear, for being so forthright?
The Ophidian leaned close, glanced at the ornate cuff bracelet on one of her hair-snakes.  He then brushed his tongue against its sibilant counterparts and said, “I can’t dance with you.”
She shivered.  “Why not?”	 
He turned away and agitated his trunk against the corrugated slope, rubbing the crusted lava from his skin.  Under the trees’ glowing flames, his black scales revealed a sapphire sheen.  
“The scent of my blood oozes from your skin, so I must have danced with your mother,” he said.  
Tithren winced.  In front of her was The Cunning One.
“Dancing with you will yield a deformed or stillborn child.”  He twisted his neck around, leering at her with new curiosity, and lunged towards her.  She thrust her weapon, the desiccated sapling, and from the end of the gnarled pole burst a crescent flame blade like a scythe.  The point grazed the Ophidian in the chest and opened a wound wet with silver blood dripping down his scaly underside.  The gash healed almost immediately.
“Ophidian, I’m your progeny.  What are you doing?”
He sneered.  “We don’t dance with our progenies, but we are not above eating them.” 
Back and forth, she slashed with her flame scythe, but The Cunning One kept snapping.  From the boulder she somersaulted onto his back and sank the fire blade into his trunk.  He turned and skewered her in the chest, his long iron fangs piercing her right ribs, the impact lifting her from his back.  He tossed her up in the air, from where she could see his bloody wound and his molten insides closing.  Airborne, she twisted around, aiming the flaming blade at his gaping maw, hitting his throat at an angle.  He gagged and spat out her weapon, throwing her back into the air to be caught by the bough of a sturdy tree.  The Cunning One closed in on her.
She pointed the fire blade at him.  “Wait!  How do I know you danced with my mother, as you claim?  If you did not, then according to the covenant, you must dance with me.”
The Cunning One snatched the sapling-scythe from her and threw it away, the fire blade extinguishing as soon as it hit the ground.  Pursuing her, he slithered up the tree trunk, Tithren scrambling from branch to branch until finally, she screamed.  His fangs bit deep in her right calf.  From the punctured wounds, streams of scalding cold spread to her thigh and the rest of her body.  In spite of her efforts to wrap herself tightly around the branch, she was slipping backwards as the jaws of The Cunning One swallowed more of her leg.  Her body grew numbingly cold, and her lips were white against her greying face.  One by one, her writhing hair-snakes became limp.
“You are not The Cunning One.  Admit it: you are The Hungry One, breaching the covenant for a meal,” she yelled.  “You despicable beast, abomination ejected from the bowels of the earth.  Go back to where you came from…”
His wet jaws loosened, freeing her limb.  She faced the giant serpent, the branch against her back creaking.  Her bitten calf was marbled black and felt piercingly cold.  He slid up on top of her, his weight bearing down on her chest.  His snout against her nose, his long green eyes, mesmerizing as they were frightening, schemed and narrowed.
He said, “First of all, your song was the worst I’ve heard, and I’ve heard a great number of songs.  Even if you weren’t my progeny, I wouldn’t have danced with you to such crude expressions of desire.  I eat you as a favour to prevent you from embarrassing yourself in front of my brothers.  Second, your name is Wriven.  I know it because I named you thus.  I am The Cunning One.  I gave you life, and I shall take it…”  He opened his jaws.
“You are mistaken.  My name is Tithren.”
He snapped his mouth shut, leaned back and touched her face with his tongue.  Slowly, he evinced a knowing smirk.  “You’re lucky to have met me tonight, or you might never know your true name.  Let’s see…  Your mother was a daughter of The Pale One, she had fang marks on her left hand, the marks she bore for having you.  She was… wary of me, and you, being the fruit of our feisty encounter, were aptly named Wriven, meaning ‘fierce’.  She has denied you your true nature and strength by naming you Tithren.”
“Meaning victory,” she retorted.  The dark poison had spread to her torso and her other leg.
“How can victory be achieved without fierceness?”  He lifted lazily a corner of his mouth.  “Now you know why you’ve been an underachiever, why you have the ambition but never the confidence to succeed.  To bear the wrong name means assuming a mistaken identity.  You are never quite yourself, unable to manifest your true potential, which is why you are being crushed and killed by me.  The world rewards the weak by allowing them to be food for the strong.  Had you been Wriven, you might have figured out a way to save yourself…”  The branch supporting them cracked.
“Liar.  Wriven or not, no one can defeat an Ophidian.  I did not lose this fight because of my name.  Against you, I never had a chance.”  
He tutted.  “We all have our weakness, and you almost made me pity you.  Not bad, for being one of my own.  Goodbye, child.  You know what happens when you meet your maker…”  
The Ophidian opened his mouth, his fuchsia tongue licking her all over.  Agitated, she grabbed it and pulled.  The branch snapped.  As they fell, the horned serpent twisted around her in a constricting throttle.  Manically, he tossed his head, hoping to shake loose her grip on his tongue, but she would not let go of it.  Finally, she had him where it hurt.  His fangs sprayed burning venom, but she didn’t care.  If she was to die, she wanted to ensure he met the same fate.  His eyes bulged red with anger and pain.  
The force of the plunge tore the twisted pair apart, and Tithren landed next to the gnarled pole, clutching The Cunning One’s tongue in her hand.  A short distance away, he struggled to rise, as if the fall had broken his bones.  Her legs were black and numb.  She sat up, picked up the dark pole, and the fire blade self-ignited.  With a loud cry, she threw it — hard.  It spun across the distance and lopped the head off The Cunning One. 
Tithren waited, expecting him to somehow heal himself, but he never did.  Silver blood draining from his severed trunk gleamed with a golden tint under the glow of the still flaming trees.  She stared in disbelief at the sight in front of her, as well as at the long limp tongue that hung from her hand.  The strength of The Cunning One was also his weakness, and the world rewarded the weak by allowing them to be food for the strong.  She grunted a chuckle in spite of the piercing cold that had penetrated her upper body, her arms.  Fiercely, she devoured the tongue. 
Her eyes rolled back.  As her limbs stretched and tensed as if in a seizure, she was struck with a split-second image of a giant crystal spearing across the sky.  When the vision disappeared, she relaxed and blinked.  Seconds later, she retched.  Out poured a foamy puddle like a mother’s milk that she couldn’t digest, and to her surprise, she heaved with relief, feeling much better.  Above her, vultures circled in the air, shrieking with excitement.  They gyrated downward and gathered around the carcass and severed head.  Fighting the numbness of her limbs, Tithren crawled towards the scavengers and located the reaping fire blade that had ended her night’s terror.  As soon as she reclaimed it, she noticed that the top of the staff had blistered and formed letters spelling the scythe’s name: Thraxrath.  
Having earned her weapon, she could now die a warrior.  She grinned and kissed it.  
While the avian hunchbacks were feasting, she sneaked up behind the biggest one among them, as tall as she was, and leapfrogged onto its back.  The bird protested with its manic wings, and she threatened it with her fire scythe.
“Take me to Gash Valley.” 
Unlike the kobakyas, the vulture, though giant for its kind, was barely strong enough to carry her into the air, and it struggled to fly the distance over the fiery River Rend to Gash Valley.  Heaving with exhaustion and her deadly wounds, she hung on in spite of the possibility that she could die before her journey ended.  Harsh winds cutting through her stripped the skin off her remaining hair-snakes, making them bleed. 
Approaching Siamese Peaks, her mount flew dangerously close to the top of the forest canopy, but she kept its adrenaline pumping by pressing Thraxrath against its neck.  On and on, the vulture flapped and glided, until the illuminated teary willows and pahoehoe huts came into view.  The exhausted bird crashed into one of the glowing trees, causing an explosion of shining blooms, and died.  Its body had fortunately cushioned the fall for her.  Her hair-snakes yanked and pulled from one another in a tangle, and she ran her hands through them.  Instead of debris, she held strips of dead snake skin in her palms.  Inexplicably, they had moulted during the flight.  Using Thraxrath as a walking staff, she hobbled towards her house, lit with candles at this darkest hour of night, and entered.  
“Tithren.”  The ghastly shock on Mother’s face made her balk.  Indeed, her blue robe and leather boots were shredded, and her body, from head to toe, was marbled with black venom and smeared with blood.  
Mother rose from a bench by the window and reached for her.  
“Stay there,” Tithren commanded with her staff.  Her eyes, baleful, appeared longer and sharper.  Her hair-snakes joined her in a collective scrutinizing gaze at Mother.  
“Kiri is still out looking for you…  I can see that you’ve earned your weapon.”  Mother ventured towards her.  “What happened, Tithren?  Your hair-snakes look different.  Their eyes… they used to be brown, and now, they are narrow and green…”  She appeared tense with worry and fear.
“Why did you name me Tithren?”
Mother rubbed her palms slowly and firmly against one another.  Her fawn hair-snakes crept close to her scalp.  “Because I love you, Tithren.”
Teetering against her fire scythe, she heaved a sigh.  “You denied me my true nature, Mother.  And you planted this little voice in my head that made me doubt myself.  ‘Wriven’ was in my blood, but you removed it from my name.  How could I achieve victory without fierceness?”  
Mother’s pale face dulled, turning ashen.  “I fear for the ‘Wriven’ in your blood.  That’s exactly why I called you Tithren.  I only wanted you to be safe.”
“And I only want to be the great warrior that I was born to be.”  She spat blood.
“Tithren—” 
“My name is Writhren Hollow.  I am as fierce as I will be triumphant.”  She stomped her staff and slid to the floor, finally succumbing to her injuries.











PART III
END OF THE COVENANT










8

The slit in the gorge forming Gash Valley was barely detectable through the distant, hazy clouds and Writhren Hollow tensed, tightening her grip around the gnarly pole of Thraxrath.  Scales on her knuckles peeled apart, revealing a glimpse of pale skin.  The kobakya she was riding seemed particularly efficient in speeding her across the crisp, autumn sky toward a destination that filled her with apprehension.  
For nine years, she had not been back to the obscure valley of her childhood, which had ended the night she escaped from Blackwoods Mountain.  Venom from The Cunning One, which should have killed her, did not, thanks to his tongue that she had ingested.  She did not remember losing consciousness after confronting Mother about her birth name, but the decision she made upon waking the next morning remained clear.  She was to start a new life under her new identity, far from home.  With her newly earned weapon, Thraxrath, she became a Rend at Meheeba, then war had broken out.  Although she and the rest of the pluran clan had been prepared for the Pongoon-led rebellion to seize the Pya archipelago where the valuable kobakyas nested, no one expected the war to last nine years.  When an uprising in the northwest drew most of the Rends to that area, the wetskins in Pongoon, secretly allied with the greedy denizens in Gow, Yakki, Judan and Deep, had devised a way to bring the swampmob and their bane beasts across Ghost Canyon, thus forcing the Rend Apex to spread troops in different directions.  A quick victory became impossible and after nine years the death toll numbered in the hundreds of thousands, including three successive Rend Apexes, the last of whom had been her eldest sister, Lethlan Hollow.
The gusty autumn wind caused the kobakya to dip as it glided, and Writhren felt nauseated.  She tilted downward and squinted below at the white alps of the Mercy Mountain Range.  Its limestone basins, usually filled with blue water from underground hot springs, swirled red and murky, stained from the baths she and her fellow Rends had taken at the Homecoming Ceremony yesterday.  She spotted the basin near Centenarian Peak, one of the loftier pools reserved for Rend Vigors like herself, where she had bathed to mark war’s end thanks to her decapitation of rebel leader Ipsing Lung.  That pool, replenished with fresh water, gleamed like a slab of opal.
The kobakya followed the terraced curve of the Mercy Mountains northwards, smoke from the upper River Rend veiling that slash in the land that she had once called home.  She would have returned to Meheeba if not for Lethlan’s funeral yesterday.  Many had been present at the Mountain of Heroes to pay respect to the deceased Rend Apex, her sister, as she crossed into the Land of Permanent Night.  Concealed within the crowd, swathed in a turban and a veil, she felt safe to cry.
After Lethlan’s body had been cremated, she had skulked up the hill behind Pikwik to the cave where Junpo still rested.  To laymen’s eyes, the cave entrance looked and felt like part of the slope, which assured her that the disguise spell she had placed there before she left for Meheeba was still working after all these years.  Indeed, Mother had taught her well.  On the conjured slope a pair of origami paper wings caught in a vine flapped incessantly.  Those folded letters, called kobies for their resemblance to the kobakyas in shape and function, always delivered their message.  This particular origami missive turned out to be from Mother, asking for her soonest return.  Her sapphire-tinged black hair-snakes, which had grown thick and long since they had moulted after her escape from Blackwoods Mountain, slithered cunningly as she deduced the reason for Mother’s request.  On Lethlan’s death, the position of Rend Apex had become vacant.  Could this finally be her turn?
Writhren had spent last night in the cave next to the only lover she had known, reduced to bones.  Junpo had never received a funeral.  He had never crossed into the Land of Permanent Night, and so she wished, as she slept, that his ghost would forgive her and remain there by her side.
Finally, the gorge widened and the kobakya began its descent.  Her body, mostly covered in scales after years of battle, did not feel the burn of the whipping wind.  The giant bird swooped in from the west, and Gash Valley opened like butter spread with a hot knife.  Her heart pumped, her eyes widened with unfamiliar terror at the sight of the terraced vale that resembled a ghost village.  Where were the kin sisters who had toiled under the sun on the upper slopes gathering their fruit and vegetables, the mothers who had washed their clothes in Snake Creek, the smoke from the chimneys, the yelping of children?  Many of the huts were in disrepair, their black roofs cracked, some collapsed.  Anxiety rushing through her veins lent a dark red tinge to where her bare skin was visible: her face.  When the kobakya arrived at the landing pad on the upper slope of the northern cliff, she jumped down at once. 
 Briefly, she checked Thraxrath to make sure the binding covering the fire blade was still secured.  The rune-inscribed, yellow fabric wrap she had obtained from a Mend in Meheeba kept the flaming blade discreet.  Staff in hand, Writhren raced down the steep meandering steps lining the gorge to her hut on the lower slopes, the same route she always took when she was a student at Pikwik.  At the sight of her home, she halted.  Quickly, she wiped sweat from her face and calmed her breathing.  She took a gulp of air and knocked on the door.
A teenage pluran with ebony hair-snakes answered and stared at her.  The swarthy girl was short, shorter than she herself had been when she lived in Gash Valley.  The chocolate discs of her eyes seemed permanently glazed with sorrow, and Writhren’s steely weathered countenance softened.
“Avli.”  She grinned at Lethlan’s daughter.
The teen’s eyes brightened, but she remained silent as she turned aside into a less confrontational pose.  Behind her, an old woman with ivory hair-snakes appeared and swept a protective arm across Avli’s chest.  Like the adolescent pluran, she rested a long hard gaze on Writhren.  A crack developed in the firm line of her lips.
Writhren drew her brows together.  The old woman that she towered over looked emaciated with age.  “Mother.”
“Tithren.  It’s really you.”  She opened her arms to her.
Behind Mother and Avli, she finally saw a familiar and amicable face.  Her elder sister, the only sister she had left.  “Kiri.”
“Tithren!  Come on in.”  
Once inside, she rested Thraxrath against the wall while her family pinned her with eager and bewildered gazes.  It was uncomfortable, and she knew it was inevitable.  Her appearance had changed much since she had left home.  How much?  She could not tell.  She did not remember much about her younger self. 
“Auntie Tithren,” Avli ventured.
“Call me Writhren.  My name is Writhren now.”  She sat astride, her sinewy limbs extruding like poles from which the sleeves of her brown over-robe appeared to be hanging to dry.  At once, she assumed a less aggressive stance.
Mother nudged the teenager and said, “Avli, come and help me fetch some goat’s milk and water.”
The two went outside and Kiri approached with a scrutinizing squint.  “What happened to your hair-snakes?  I don’t remember them being so massive, their eyes so green.”  
Writhren shrugged and mumbled something about the diet and the sun in the south.  She did not know if the death of The Cunning One had been known, but ever since she had killed him and eaten his tongue, part of him seemed to have become part of her.  The appearance of her hair-snakes was a more obvious change.
Kiri sat down next to her and continued to stare.  
Writhren leaned away from her.  “What?”
“You… you’ve changed so much, you’re hardly you anymore.  Your eyes, your cheeks…  You look like you haven’t slept or eaten in years.”  She leaned closer then pulled back, seemingly with a renewed sense of courtesy.  “You could use some food in your belly.  You’re very thin.” 
“I’m also super-strong.”  Writhren stood, rolled up the wide sleeves of her over-robe and flexed her stringy arms, variegated with scales in nude to salmon tones, her sunken eyes glinting with pride.  For the first time, she was the same height as her elder sister, and somehow Kiri appeared smaller to her.  
“I eat enough.”  She sat back down.  “Too much food makes me too slow.”
“I missed you,” Kiri muttered.  “We all do.”
Writhren mumbled, “I missed you too.”
Kiri turned and stared, but not directly at her.  The emerald in her irises glowed like long-burning embers.  “Nine years ago, when you came back from Blackwoods Mountain, you almost died, and the next day, you just vanished.  You didn’t tell us why.  You didn’t even tell me why.  I had to do a lot of asking around to find out where you were and if you were alive.  I kept sending you kobies but I received nothing back.  I wanted to go see you but I had patrol duties and then the war broke out.  If you’ve missed us, Tithren, you sure know how to show it.”  She stood up and walked away.
Kiri’s hair-snakes fixed stern gazes at her.  She stared back and seethed, but for old time’s sake, she had remained quiet despite being addressed by her former name again and again.  The old name made her feel like a girl, an identity like skin she had long shed.  She straightened her spine, pushed her palms against her parted knees and waited until the fury subsided. 
“What happened to you, Tithren?”  Kiri turned back with tears in her eyes.  “You look and act so different from the sister I grew up with.  To be honest, I can hardly tell if you are Tithren.  Tell me, why did you… abandon us?”
Writhren heaved a huff of exasperation.  “Kiri, please call me Writhren.  My name is Writhren.”
“Oh yes, that too… is different.”  Kiri looked away, tears streaming down cheeks that had lost their youthful rosiness to the sallowing effects of time.  
Writhren sighed, remembering the joy of their younger years, buried in the battlefields of the recent past, lost in a war that she felt she had indirectly helped brew.  With the exhalation came a sadness, a sense of being so emptied out.  The hunger that had been strangely invigorating during her days of self-induced exile gnawed at her, making her acutely aware of a piquant aroma wafting from the kitchen.  She followed the scent into the pantry and found a blue block of cheese next to a dish of fresh wrinkly buds that brought back memories of a forgotten adventure.  Behind her came the slow steps of her sister, halting in the doorway.
“Remember what they are?”  Kiri crossed her arms on her chest.
She turned back and gave her a cunning look.  “Trouble.  A big heap of trouble.”  
Kiri gradually relaxed with a grin.  “You’re really back, sister.”
“Like I’d never left.”  
“Where d’you learn to be such a smooth talker?”  Kiri embraced her. “I’ve persuaded Mother to love these mushrooms by roasting them and adding cheese.  D’you want to try?”
“Sure.  Like you said, I could use some food in my belly.”  
Kiri crumbled the blue cheese and started a fire in the kitchen’s hearth.  She melted some lard and drizzled the oil onto the mushrooms and stuck them into the fire with a roasting fork.  When they were sizzling hot, she transferred the morels onto a plate and sprinkled the crumbled cheese on top, which fizzed instantly, releasing a fragrance both pungent and appetizing.  Writhren sat on a stool, her back to the door.  No sooner had she picked up a mushroom and dropped it into her mouth did she spit it out and hiss.  Kiri laughed aloud, apparently enjoying her sister acting the way she remembered.  Her laughter subsided when her attention turned to the doorway.  
“Mother.”  Kiri stood.
Writhren also turned and scrambled to her feet.  The dim room emphasized the bags under Mother’s eyes and the crevasses bracketing her lips.  After some hesitation, Writhren approached her, touching with apprehension her shoulder, surprised to feel the bones underneath.  Her fingers tensed.  “Mother.” 
“Child.  My love.”  Mother grabbed her wrist and smiled. 
They all sat at the table, Writhren’s eyes travelling from the glistening dish to the window overlooking the strip of land barely wide enough for the lone teary willow, whose leaves were yellowing though the hardy blooms remained.
Mother said, “Now that Lethlan has crossed, Avli will be living with us until she has her own family.  Given our situation, she will have to dance with the Ophidians in two, three years at most.  She won’t have a choice.”  She sighed and covered her face with palms crinkled with age.
Writhren sent Kiri a puzzled look.
“This is why Mother sent you the koby asking you to come back.  Our population is dwindling,” said the sister with auburn hair-snakes.  “The war has taken the lives of many of our kin sisters.  During that time, we didn’t have much opportunity to dance with the Ophidians.  Those who went to do so often didn’t return.  
The war lasted much longer than we expected, and with more and more of our kin sisters joining the fight, we slackened in fulfilling our duty to the Ophidians, and they were not fed.  Instead of dancing with our kin sisters, they ate them.”
Heat emanated from Writhren’s cheeks.  She had not been summoned to discuss her chances of becoming the next Rend Apex.  That said, their sparse population was an equally burning issue and if she could help solve it, she might impress Mother, who as Arc of Tarr had a vote in choosing the next Rend Apex.  Cunningly, her hair-snakes lay low and curled meekly, close to the scalp.  Writhren wrung her hands.
Mother said, “Now that the war is over, our priority is to rebuild our clan.  In the past, Lethlan organized the procurement.  As with any dirty business, details of the arrangement were kept secret.  The less others know, the better.  Kiri went with Lethlan once, so she knows the procedure.  Since the Ophidians haven’t been fed for a long time, we’ll need a sizable procurement, and Kiri will need help to achieve that.”  Mother gulped.  “Writhren, we hope for your assistance.”
“Of course, Mother. I’ll do what I can to aid our kin sisters.”  She squeezed Mother’s wrists so hard she could have broken them.
9

The Hollow sisters started early the next morning on a trip to Siamese Peaks.  In spite of the cooler weather, they travelled light with thin wool attire over their battleskin, carrying a little food and waterskins on their hips.  Writhren had convinced Mother to let Avli go with them to gain some preliminary exposure to the procurement details, as she would need to take over the arrangement one day.  Following Snake Creek, they hiked towards the hill, the last glimpse of vegetation before the parched black landscape of the Shadowlands.  As Gash Valley fell behind them, the road along the river, less used since the war, was overgrown with trees and shrubs. 
“Damn it!  Why didn’t I anticipate this?  If we’re late, Shark will be gone.”  Kiri bared her teeth in frustration as she hacked and sliced her way through the obstacles with her sword Evory.  
Behind her, Avli chopped off the branches with her short sword.  “Why can’t we use the kobakyas to take us there?”
“We need to keep our trip discreet and the location secret,” explained Kiri.
“Is that why we’re all wearing clothes the colour of crap?”  Avli tugged at her brown woollen over-robe and sneered.
“Watch your mouth, child.”  Writhren sent her niece a frosty stare.  “We do what is necessary to stay alive.  This is not a casual outing.  Do you understand?”  
The young pluran nodded sheepishly and resumed clearing their route.
“Allow me.”  Writhren made a broad sweep with Thraxrath, fire scything through the undergrowth.  Several more swings of her blazing weapon and a path opened before them.
Kiri stared in amazement.  “Tell me again: how did you get that mean reaper of yours?”  
Writhren responded with a sly tilt of her lips, protuberant against the stern angular face that seemed to startle her sister still.  “The same way you found Evory: fate.”
“Fate took you to Blackwoods Mountain, to the Shadowlands in the middle of the night,” Kiri commented in a questioning way.  
“That’s where Thraxrath was found.”  Writhren kept slicing with her fire blade.
“The weapon had to be earned.  What exactly happened on the mountain that night?”  
The sudden silence told Writhren that her companions had stopped walking.  She tilted backward to glance at Kiri.  “Mother never told you?”
“She assumed you fell off a kobakya by accident on your way back from Pikwik, and you caught a giant vulture to fly home.”
Writhren turned to face them.  “Before I found the vulture, I encountered an Ophidian and fought with him.  Desperate for a weapon, I pulled this dried sapling trunk from the ground and it turned into Thraxrath.  There was a commotion and the Ophidian was distracted.  A group of vultures swept by and I leapt onto one and escaped.”
Kiri stared at her intently.  “Why did you leave without a word the next day?”
Writhren composed herself and met her sister’s gaze with calculated vulnerability.  “The Shadowlands is a scary place, and I wasn’t much older than Avli then.  I was traumatized by the Ophidian’s attack and had to run as far away from the north as I could.  Forgive me for not writing.  I was not myself for a very long time.  I did think of you and everyone at home.”  
She touched Kiri’s arm, feeling it gradually relaxing when suddenly, her sister jerked and shrieked, then twisted her shoulders, revealing a black spider the length of a thumbnail with two silver dots on its back resembling eyes.  Writhren flicked it away.
“What is it?” Kiri hissed, rubbing her neck.
“A spider.”  Writhren wrinkled her forehead.
“That’s obvious.  What kind?”
“It looks like the Moon Weaver, Auntie Kiri.  It’s got those silver dots on its back.”  Avli grimaced.
“No, it didn’t.  It’s just a regular spider,” Writhren insisted.
Her sister eyed them back and forth before fixing her gaze on Writhren, who nodded for additional assurance.  Kiri twisted her lips, apparently dismissing the belief that it was bad luck to be bitten by the Moon Weaver, the ambassador of the Land of Permanent Night.  One of the auburn hair-snakes at the back of her head sucked and squeezed the puncture wounds to extract any remaining venom, making her wince.
Writhren quickly checked to make sure Avli was spider-free.  “Come on.  We still have a long way to go.”
The fire scythe cauterized what it severed, leaving a corridor of charred stumps lining the slope along Snake Creek.  At the foothill of Siamese Peaks they rested for a late lunch before continuing.  When they reached the leeward side of the hill the sky was pink and salmon red, illuminating a grove of tapus trees, their ancient appearance due to their long flaxen air roots, some resembling skinny goatees, others wide like soft curtains billowing in the wind.  Some of the silken strands brushed past Writhren, turning momentarily black like a shadow.
Avli ran a hand through one of the root screens.  “They’re softer than foals’ manes.”  Her wide-eyed delight reminded Writhren of her pubescent self, who had fallen for the lure of the quietly cunning tree.
Kiri pulled their young niece away from the curtain.  “The image keeps you fixated, so the roots can breathe in your dreams and desires.  Stand here for too long and you’ll be poisoned with idleness.”
Avli’s gaze never wavered.  “Auntie Kiri, I see mom on the screen,” she murmured.
Kiri moved to block her view.  “Your mom is in the Land of Permanent Night, and she certainly wouldn’t want you to waste your time here.  You came with us so you could remember the route to this forest.  We need to find the portal to Wetikki.”  
They checked each section of air roots, suppressing the temptation to dwell on those alluring images.  Each time Writhren glanced at the screen of fine golden strands, she saw herself with a red strip painted on her forehead down to her nose, standing with pride and unease in the giant shadow of The Cunning One.  Although she did not want to admit it, a part of her missed that paternal Ophidian, and to suppress that cursed yearning, she reminded herself that he had never hesitated to try and kill her.  With mounting impatience, she swatted each flaxen strip until she came across a particularly tall tree in the form of an old man hunched over, one extended arm reaching out for help.  Under that arm dangled the fringe of silken roots that made her heart hurl at her ribs.  There, The Cunning One rose, his green eyes twinkling with deceit and vengeance.  She whirled around and almost knocked Kiri over.
“Mercy Lucerie, are you alright?”  Writhren reached for her sister before she lost her balance.
“I should be asking you that question.  What happened?”  Kiri brushed dirt off her sleeves.  
Before Writhren could answer, her sister was staring past her shoulders.  Kiri’s eyes widened, her gestures apprehensive yet filled with curiosity.
“Blind me Lucerie, the mirror screen,” she muttered.
The Cunning One had vanished.  In his place on the screen was Writhren’s stunned expression.  Rarely had she encountered her reflection, and the gaunt, sinewy pluran she saw shocked her.  Did she really look like that, so tough and weathered and yet so scared?  Her sister and niece had shifted their focus to her, and she looked away, her cheeks flushed with embarrassment.
Kiri produced gloves and scarves from hidden coat pockets and handed them to Writhren and Avli.  They wrapped the scarves around their hair-snakes like turbans and covered their scaled hands with the gloves.  “This mirror portal shifts around, so we need to enter it now.  If we lose it, we’ll have to search the grove all over again.  Avli, are you ready?”  
The dark-skinned teenager took a step back, her purple lips a flat line of hesitation.  In her fourteen years as a lucerian she probably had never ventured outside Matikki.
Writhren covered her fire blade with the yellow fabric.  Seeing her niece’s apprehension, she patted her on the shoulders and said, “Avli, you don’t have to come any further.  We’ve shown you this grove and how to find the portal.  Summon a kobakya to take you home before the sun sets.  It’s not safe for you to travel alone in the dark.” 
“Tell Granny that the procurement will be made tonight,” added Kiri.
The Hollow sisters approached their reflections and disappeared behind the fringe screen.
*     *     *
Unlike the secret corridors that connected Matikki to Wetikki, the mirror portal instantly took Writhren and Kiri to the land of the humans, where they reappeared through a string curtain onto a wooden balcony above a tavern.  Dust and smoke swirled around the vaulted room lit by candelabras and a giant chandelier blazing against the darkening blue sky.  Two scruffy men brushing by as they passed through the curtain drew stern glances from Writhren.  Fearing that they had escaped into Matikki, she followed them and found herself inside a smaller chamber clacking with rolling dices.  The gamblers stared back, apparently puzzled by the appearance of a six-foot woman wearing a turban and carrying a staff like a sideshow wizard.  Their sneers revealed gaps in their teeth.
Writhren exited the room.  Back on the balcony, she studied the string curtain, seeing only herself and Kiri reflected on the left half of the fringed screen.  A mirror portal, appearing as one only to those who could access Matikki.  To humans, it was a string curtain leading to a gambling room on the right.  Below, the tavern patrons were boisterous with alcohol.  Since she had never arranged such a procurement, she glanced at Kiri for direction.  Her sister’s profile bore a deceptive serenity.
“There he is.”  Kiri jutted with her jaw.
Writhren peered to a table in the far corner.  A lone figure in a hooded robe was consuming a small meal and a glass of red wine.  “You’ve met him, I presume?” 
“I recognize his pendant,” Kiri said.
Around his neck hung something resembling the black spearhead of an arrow.  
“That’s a fossilized shark’s tooth dipped in the blood of the Ophidians to ensure the loyalty of the procurer, a loyalty that also demands the procurer to pass the pendant to his successor before he retires or dies.  Otherwise, he won’t be allowed into the Land of Permanent Night.  Whoever the procurer is, we call him Shark.  I sent him a koby asking him to meet us here.”  Kiri walked down the stairs, Writhren following.
Like them, the procurer disguised his appearance, wearing a hooded robe beneath an animal-hide coat, his collar open to reveal the important pendant.  Repeatedly, he clacked the plate with his fork, scooping up heaps of morel mushrooms mixed with mashed potatoes and emptying them into his mouth.  As Writhren and Kiri approached, Shark put down his utensil.  His coat was too large for him and his suede cuffs were darkened with dirt and grease.  In spite of his full beard, Writhren deduced from his sharp jawline and smooth cheeks that the procurer was a young man.  In her opinion, too young.
Kiri said, “Sir, may I borrow this seat?”
He lifted his hood slightly, his dark eyes barely showing.  “Seat is for taking.  Only money is for borrowing.”
Kiri smiled and sat down next to him.  “Bearer of the shark’s tooth, let’s hear the Shark’s Oath.”
“Gold to give, freedom to take, fealty bound by the iron snakes.”  Shark squeezed his hands, his fists disappearing into his sleeves like turtles into their shells.  The silver tip of the tooth pendant glowed red and like a talon, it curved and dug into his flesh, letting out a ribbon of blood.  Writhren grimaced.  The silver chain was a bulge underneath Shark’s skin around the base of his neck, making removal impossible.  Only the links holding the pendant were visible.
With its sinister power refreshed and firmly established over its human slave, the pendant claw returned to its original tooth shape, its glowing tip cooling to the shade of mercury.  Shark took a moment to recover from the apparent pain, then pulled his hood back, showing a head of dark dishevelled hair.  “G’evening, Collectors.”
“I have never seen you before,” Kiri said.
“There hasn’t been a single collection in the past three years.  My Master was killed over a year ago.  Debt dispute.”
“You’re very young to be in this line of business.”  Writhren, sitting opposite him, tightened her fingers around her staff.
Shark paused, his grin firm.  “All the more reason you should be impressed by me, as my Master was.  I’m the biggest and the only black-market lender between Fire Mountain and Envy Lake.”
Kiri reached out but stopped short of touching Writhren.  To the young man, she said,  “That’s great.  How’s business been?”
“Booming.  Almost every inn has a gambling room now.  Lots of transactions these past few years… about half the gamblers unable to repay the loan.  They begged; they ran.  As usual, some threatened to kill.  It comes with the territory, as does the gold you’ve paid me.  I like the gold, so don’t worry.  I’m managing the job just fine.  Countless people owe me money, and I keep the pressure on them.  They know the deal.  They pay up, or they become slaves in Matikki.”
“Well, we have a huge shortage of slaves and are ready to take some back.  How many do you have?”
“I can easily get you a group of a hundred, but taking that many people all at once may be problematic, so I’ve rounded up thirty of them in the cellar.  If you need more, we can meet again in a few days.”
Writhren spotted the bald innkeeper poking his head into the bar from the lobby, his greedy eyes scrutinizing the commotion.  
Shark gave a dismissive wave.  “Don’t worry, he’s been paid.  As usual, the cellar is ours.”  
“After all the lending and bribing and monthly withdrawals for you and your crew, how much gold do you have left?” Kiri asked.
“Less than twenty nuggets.”  He sipped his wine and produced from inside his robe a parchment roll of transaction records.
“We’ll bring you replenishment on our next trip.”  Kiri perused the accounts and sent Writhren a glance.  Even though she had never been involved in the procurement process, Writhren figured that they would have to create these gold nuggets with spells in Matikki.
She scanned the busy passage to the string curtain portal and asked, “Does it get quiet in here?”  
“After the dinner rush, Collector.” 
The sisters ordered beef stews and wine.  To pass the time, they initiated casual conversation with Shark, Kiri telling him about her fondness for the morel mushrooms.  The young procurer remained polite but reserved, unwilling to divulge much about his past other than that he was a street urchin who had caught the attention and pity of his Master.  At times, Writhren pretended to focus on eating while her hair-snakes, remaining as still as they could, peered through her turban and studied him.  Although she could not see what they saw, what they knew became for her a premonition or subconscious knowledge.  Through the hair-snakes, she intuited that Shark had been discreetly studying her and Kiri.  She had her doubts about the man, but being a lucerian and protected by Thraxrath, she felt she had nothing to fear.
After about a candle-hour the patrons became full and sleepily intoxicated.  Shark summoned the server and pressed a gold nugget the size of a tiny pebble into the lad’s hand.  “Can you clear this room and make sure no one is around by the time that candle has burned out?”  He pointed to the dimming flame on a spilled stump of wax.
Eyes wide at the unexpected fortune, the server hurried to wake the snoring guests.  Shark stood and said, “It’s time, Collectors.”
The sisters followed him along a corridor that led to the kitchen on one side and to a flight of stairs on the other.  He picked up a candelabra, trod down the steps and unlocked a door to the basement.  The cold dark space flanked with shelves of flour, root crops and non-perishables was unexpectedly quiet, and Writhren stomped with her staff.  “Where are the captives?”
“In the next room right there.”  He pointed.  In the flickering pool of light, the outline of a doorframe was barely distinguishable.
Kiri rested a hand on Writhren’s shoulders.  “It’s alright.  That’s where they were kept last time, although… I don’t remember them being this silent.”  
Shark chuckled.  “They made too much noise and the innkeeper didn’t like it.  Under my direction, they are to stay quiet or I’ll hurt their families.”
Candelabra in his left hand, he opened the door to be greeted by a clanking of chains.  He entered, followed by Kiri, but Writhren remained in the doorway.  Slowly, she unveiled the fire blade of her scythe, drawing careful stares from the shackled prisoners.  Shark turned, the corner of his right eye sparkling in the blade’s flickering light.  The lone candelabra he carried did not provide enough luminance for her to see clearly the captives, who expected to spend their remaining years as slaves in the magic land as a result of their unpaid debts.  In reality, they would be fed to the Ophidians, who craved sentient beings with thoughts and dreams.  Lacking such prey in the Shadowlands, the plurans had to secure such a food source for the Ophidians as part of the covenant.  In the past, the barbaric swampmob, with their short attention spans, jumbled thoughts and cruel dreams, had been the convenient choice.  Fear of the Shadowlands had been the main reason they stayed in the noxious lands of The Evergreeds.  With the swampmob becoming inaccessible, the plurans resorted to capturing humans, as coaxing fellow lucerians to their deaths in the Shadowlands would spell dire consequences for the snake-haired clan in Matikki.
Still standing at the doorway, Writhren studied the captives.  They were unkempt, their gloomy faces shrouded by thick tufts of brows and beards.  This menagerie of apparent lowlifes appeared remarkably well built.
Kiri strutted around the cell and beamed at the selection.  She smiled at Shark.  “Very good.  Our customers would be very happy…”
“Shark, do you only lend to big, strong men or do they happen to be the only ones who can’t pay their debts?  Your debtors look more like soldiers than slaves,” Writhren said.
Eyes to the floor, the procurer bowed.  “Muscular men make valuable slaves, Collector, and I have retained the strongest ones for you.”
“You’ve done a great job, Shark,” said Kiri.  “Your Master taught you well.  I assume the tavern is empty by now, and we can begin the transportation.  We’ll start with ten men, then another ten and so on.  We’ll likely need to meet again very soon for a second collection—”  
Shark hissed.  Liquid wax was dripping from the candelabra, burning his hand.  He shook loose the molten globs and yanked up the coat’s sleeve to pick off the hot lumps.
Writhren narrowed her eyes.  The tear-shaped mark beneath his left thumb looked disturbingly familiar, and from his young chiselled face, his reticence, to his mysterious past and that heap of morels on his dinner plate, she came to a frightening conclusion.  A gap developed and widened between her lips, and she seized him by his wrist.  
“Are you… hurt?” she asked.    
He evinced a nervous smile.  “It’s just wax.  I’m fine.”  He jerked his arm in a failed attempt to free himself.  “Gold to give, freedom to take, fealty bound by the iron snakes.  Let me unchain the men so we can begin the transportation.”
Seeing the pendant’s tip glowing red and sinking itself into his skin, Writhren released him but kept her fire blade close to his neck.  She eyed Kiri, her gaze conveying danger, but her sister seemed perplexed by the sudden animosity.  The tooth claw’s glow, however, assured her of its power over Shark.  If he dared to betray them, the pendant would unleash its death curse on him.  Mindful of the need to deliver the much-needed procurement, she let him proceed.
Carefully, he turned, and following him with her blade pressed against his neck, she stepped inside, recalling his strange lack of reaction to the pendant piercing his neck.  Her nostrils flared.  From the corner of the room an object flew towards her, and she raised Thraxrath, intercepting the dart.  The captives roared and rose, producing their hidden swords and weapons.  Their shackles and chains had been a hoax. 
10

Seldom had Writhren encountered such a fierce group of humans.  Despite having lesser blood in their veins, these men were clearly experienced mercenaries.  Teeth bared, she swung her fire scythe and maimed the first three who charged at her, then gasped.  Someone behind her had slipped a metal chain over her neck and was pulling it tight.  She twisted and turned, tensing against the throttling chain while swinging Thraxrath backwards, but her assailant had dragged her into a corner and her scythe could not reach to harm him.  In the tight space, the long pole of Thraxrath was a disadvantage.  Opposite her, Kiri managed to kill half a dozen men before she was outnumbered.  Their captors stripped them of their weapons and bound them with shackles.  The brute holding the chain around Writhren’s neck continued to choke her with it.
“Shark, your loyalty is bound by the Shark’s Oath.  This is impossible.”  Kiri writhed.
“Anything is possible when you want it bad enough.”  He bared and ground his teeth.  “Trade between humans and lucerians goes both ways, and every spell can be undone by another.”
“Not this time,” Kiri said.  “You’ll pay with your life for breaking a spell sealed with the blood of the Ophidians.”
Shark leaned beside the door and huffed, as if either seething or suppressing nausea.  He dug something out of his coat pocket and put it into his mouth.  Men turned away from him.  What he ate smelled foul.  Still struggling with the throttling chain, Writhren could not speak. 
“We’ve paid you well.  Why?”  Kiri bent, almost managed to sit up, her neck bulging and veined with anger.
Carrying the candelabra, Shark knelt next to her.  In the plain view of his face her pupils opened and wavered, but her lingering silence turned soft his sharp-eyed expression.  He stood.  
“Too bad you missed me twice… three times counting tonight.”  He sighed, revealing a glimpse of his newly stained black teeth.  He sat in the corner and gave a dismissive wave.  “Seal their mouths, or they’ll kill us with spells.”
At once, the men descended like a pack of hungry lions.  They stuffed their mouths with rags and bound cloths around their jaws.  Using the candles, they set their turbans on fire.  Writhren gave a muffled scream, her hair-snakes hissing and thrashing in the flames.  Some sprayed venom, blinding the assailants.  A bald man rushed to hack at the serpents, while others ripped the coats from the sisters.
“Fellas, leave that one alone.”  Shark pointed at Writhren and ate more of the foul-smelling mystery.
She lifted her shoulders and stared at him while the men around her retreated with hesitation and reluctance.  In the flickering candlelight, Shark’s gaze on her was mild, his sneer carrying hints of disgust and regret.  Writhren relaxed.  He recognized her, perhaps because she had recognized him first from the teardrop mark on his left hand.  She was the one who had saved him, twice, when he was just a boy returning home with his elder brother, brutally killed by Kiri for a bag of morel mushrooms.  
Next to her, Kiri had been stripped naked and bound by chains.  The men grabbed a bucket and poured its pasty contents onto her while she writhed in vain to free herself.  With paste layered thick all over her body, her scaled skin began to sizzle.  When they emptied the bucket onto her face, she jerked in anguish.  Her screams, though muffled, were hard to bear.  Fighting the shackles that bound her limbs, Writhren wiggled her way towards Shark.  When she came close enough, men stopped her.  She grunted and twisted, all the while fixing her gaze on the young procurer, whose burrows between his brows seemed to have thickened with agony.  His face turned pale, and suppressing the urge to retch, he spilled a rivulet of black slime from the corner of his mouth.  
He signalled for the men to ungag her.  “If I hear anything resembling a spell, I’ll kill you,” he warned.
“You’re eating Corpse Berries to deal with the pain for breaking the oath, but the berries are poisonous.  They lessen the pain temporarily, but they will kill you.  My spells work better than the berries.  Stop what they are doing to my sister and free us.”
He turned pensive.  “We never buried my brother, you know.  When I returned with my uncle the next day, his body was gone.  The animals had probably dismembered him, dragged his parts away.  We never found his remains.  For a long time, I didn’t think I would ever be able to avenge his death.  Thankfully, rumours travel like the wind.  As soon as I heard that plurans came here to smuggle men back to Matikki, I found the butcher who worked with them and became his apprentice.  Three years ago, I followed him to a meeting and saw her.”  He jabbed a finger towards Kiri, whose muffled scream brought Writhren to tears.
”I learned what I needed to know about the procurement from the butcher.  Went to trade towns to seek an antidote to the consequence of breaking the oath.  Apparently, Corpse Berries are my best bet.”  He smiled, showing all his black teeth.  His subsequent chuckle was disrupted by coughs and another bout of nausea.
“Your body is trying to rid itself of the berries.  Let me help you.”  Writhren sat up.  Her woollen over-robe was partially pulled open, revealing the dark battleskin underneath, snug against her body like an undergarment.  Behind her, Kiri had stopped struggling, blood seeping through the pasty crust.
Shark shoved another handful of the dull red berries into his mouth.  “Death is upon me, Collector.  No spell will reverse that, not even yours.  You won’t save my life this time, but you’ll watch your sibling, as I did then, while she suffers and dies a gruesome death.  Sneaky, odourless Witchfire Weed.  One touch, and your skin burns for days.  Took me a long time and a pile of gold nuggets to gather enough to cover the whole body.  She is being burned to death, only without the fire and the glory.”
“No!  No-no-no, no.”  Writhren rattled her chains and the men pulled her away from Shark.  The stain of Kiri’s blood pooling on the floor made her smoulder with rage.  She mumbled, 
Fire in my heart, in my words, unleashes this curse;
While my sister burns, your suffering will be worse—
Shark forced a bunch of berries into her mouth and gagged her with rags.  The foul stench of the dark fruit made her eyes tear.  She thrashed and at times, wept while Kiri’s lifeless body continued to bleed.  Her sister was right.  Kindness never pays.  Saving the boy back then had brought only betrayal and vengeance.  These humans could be so patient, so steadfast in their perseverance of revenge that they would readily sacrifice their life to achieve it.  Apparently, mercy conferred had not done them any good.  They were no better than beasts hunted and freed.  She had never thought much of these low-bloods, and now they were truly irredeemable. 
Gradually, the poisonous berries slowed her breathing, her thoughts.  She stared with glassy eyes at the men standing around her sister, kicking and laughing at her paste-encrusted body.  Her eyes were too dry to close properly when she blacked out.
*     *     *
A sharp pain to her feet sent Writhren yelping as she jerked awake in pitch-black darkness.  The fabric that bound her jaws seemed to have loosened, and she spat out the foul rag and pulped Corpse Berries that Shark had jammed into her mouth.  Luckily for her, not enough to kill her, and she kicked her feet to rid them of the swarm of teeth attacking them.  She was as good as blind, and the chains that kept her captive made her panic.  
“Thraxrath, show yourself,” she commanded.
The fire scythe appeared like a giant crescent horn on the floor next to her, rats squealing and scattering.  In the corner by the door, Shark slumped, his face streaked and crusted with dried blood from every orifice.  Into his parted jaws, a rat ventured and feasted on his tongue, seemingly unaware of its counterparts stiff at Shark’s feet.  His clothes were dishevelled, pockets turned inside out.  Those brutish low-bloods had stolen his gold after the wrath of the Shark’s Oath had finally killed him.  
Next to Shark was a pile of dead bodies, accomplices she and Kiri had slaughtered before both of them had been subdued.  She focused on the burly lumps, afraid to face that crusted corpse to her right.  But here was not a place where she could tarry.
Grimacing, she darted her eyes right and wept.  The Witchfire Weed paste had dried and cracked all over Kiri’s body, making her look like the charred remains of a volcanic eruption.  The dried weed, having lost its deadly properties, invited the vermin to feast on the flesh underneath, evident from exposed wedges of flesh chewed and torn.  Surrounding her, dried ponds of blood buzzed with flies.  A deep gash opened her neck, as if the low-bloods had slit her throat in fear of her ability to survive the deadly herbal wrap.  In spite of her immense suffering, never once had her sister begged for help.  A true Rend, Kiri had never surrendered.
Using Thraxrath, Writhren broke her chains and freed herself.  Kiri’s battleskin and her black-and-white sword Evory were gone.  The poisonous weed had likely eroded her sister’s skin, and so she wrapped her body, dried crust and all, in a tarp she found nearby.
She strode over to Shark.  The scar around the base of his neck had dried and cracked, releasing the silver chain underneath, which she yanked off with a grunt.  To cover her hair stumps, she tore sections from his shirt and breeches to make a turban.  Carrying Kiri would require both hands, so she slipped the pole of her fire scythe diagonally across her back.  Next, she hid underneath her battleskin Shark’s tooth pendant and the roll of loan transactions that the savage killers had tossed aside.  At last, she hefted her sister into her arms and let loose a trickle of tears.  
The fire blade on her back lighted the way out of the cellar and along the corridor, where she balked at the stretched remains of the bald innkeeper, who had probably encountered the mercenaries at the wrong time.  Her steps turned soft and prudent.  Around the corner, the furniture in the tavern was in disarray, draped with bodies.  Once boisterous with life, the building had become a mausoleum for the slain.  
Outside, the night was deep and still.  She made her way up the stairs to the wooden balcony, the left side of the fringe curtain swinging wildly despite the absence of wind.  Writhren inhaled deeply.  She could almost smell the crushed grass on the slopes of Siamese Peaks.  Without hesitation, she strode through the beaded partition.

11

The wind was whistling like chimes through the flaxen roots of the tapus trees when Writhren stepped from their billowing curtain.  The portal had shifted to the lower fringe of the grove and having been away from the district of Tarr for almost a decade, she had to dig deep in her memories to locate a nook that could keep her safe until dawn.  As she trudged along beneath the three-quarter moon, she felt inexplicably hungry, her sinewy arms striated and weak.  How long had she been in that basement of horror?  
After finding the sheltered clearing and setting a fire, she examined Kiri’s scalded remains.  Her heart was broken but never stilled.
*     *     *
At the first glimpse of light, Writhren summoned a kobakya.  Seldom had she felt such a deep craving for food and water so she ate a handful of grass, savouring the dew on the blades and to a much lesser extent, the bitter juice.  In spite of the night’s chill, the condition of Kiri’s body had worsened, the bloodied tarp now a magnet for flies.  Fiercely, she drove the insects off with her fire scythe and then carried her dead sister onto the giant bird for the flight home, a speedy glide down the hill along Snake Creek.  The cold morning air made her teeth chatter and her eyes water but she held Kiri securely and soon the steep walls of Gash Valley drew near.  Night had not left the glen when the kobakya descended near Mother’s house.
Before she reached the front entrance, Writhren laid Kiri down underneath the teary willow.  In time, she would avenge her sister’s death.  For now, she had to endure the disappointment of failing to make the procurement.  Hopefully, Mother would not change her mind about nominating her for the Rend Apex position.  Haphazardly she adjusted her over-robe and breeches and was approaching the entrance when the door opened.
“Mother,” she mumbled, feeling the phantom grinding of her severed hair-snakes against her scalp.  By reflex, she patted her turban. 
Mother slowly awoke from her sleepiness, her back straightening with apparent fear.  “Where is Kiri?”  She took a step outside.  
“We were betrayed and ambushed.”  Writhren moved aside and gestured at the black tarp behind her.
Mother frowned, her ivory hair-snakes extending for a clearer view.  At the sight of the body on the ground she gulped, her jowls shaking.  Writhren held her in a tight embrace.
“Not a full moon has passed and I have lost two of my children.  Kiri…” Mother wept.  
Writhren grabbed her firmly by the shoulders.  “The low-bloods responsible for her death will be punished, I promise.  For now, for Kiri, you must stay strong, Mother.  Kiri must have a funeral immediately.  Her body cannot wait.  I’ll devise a way to make the procurement.”
“But… child, all the fertile ones have left.  Every kin sister of child-bearing age has gone to the Shadowlands.”
Writhren’s gaunt cheeks turned pallid.
“Avli said the procurement would be made the same day you left.  I told everyone the next morning.  The war has claimed many of our young and strong, leaving less than a hundred of us in the valley, with only about twenty of our kin sisters fit to dance with the Ophidians.  They knew their duty to our clan.  If you and Kiri were not needed for the procurement, I would have asked you both to join them…”
“How long ago did they leave?”
“Two days ago.  You’ve been gone for three.”
Writhren loosened her grip on Mother and took a moment to compose herself.  Her scalp itched, signalling the growth of new hair-snakes.  “Send kobies to them, all who have left.  Tell them the procurement has failed and they must leave the Shadowlands immediately.  I’ll bring back as many of them as I can…”  She removed the shark tooth pendant from underneath her battleskin and handed it to Mother.  “Keep it for now until we find a new procurer.”  She strode towards the hut in search of supplies for her journey.
“Wait.  Let me gather the others to join you.  You can’t fight the Ophidians alone.”
“Mother, the last thing we need is more of us in those barren hills.  I have less fear for the Ophidians than most.  I’ll manage.”  
“How about Rends from your section during the war?  I know the business with the Ophidians needs to be kept secret, but the survival of our kind is at stake.”
Writhren sighed, her gaze heavy and downcast.  “We are on our own, Mother.  Always have been, always will be.  If the secrets of the covenant are revealed, we might be driven out to live in The Evergreeds with the swampmob, unable to return to this side of Matikki, to the Shadowlands.  Dead or alive, we will keep our name clean, our honour intact.  Like I’ve said, I’ll bring back as many of our kin sisters as I can.”
She filled a waterskin and put some bread and cured meat inside a rucksack, then donned one of Kiri’s battle robes, made from the non-flammable skin of the fire leopard, over her battleskin, and added a matching ebony head wrap to cover the stumps on her scalp.  In hidden compartments of her leather belt, she placed darts and several small knives.  On her hips hung a sword.  From Kiri’s bedroom, she took a fierce-looking chain whip with a heavy bladed tip that her sibling had used against the bane beasts during the war.
Before leaving her sister’s room she smoothed her sunken cheeks and the long neck that had not lost all its elegance.  In Kiri’s looser clothes, she was again made aware of her gangly build.  More food in her stomach might have made her more appealing, but to whom?  She sneered.  In her current form, her mind was sharp, her moves deadly.  She did not need more food to slow her down.  She needed to be the next Rend Apex of Matikki.
Thraxrath in hand, sheathed by the yellow cloth, she bade Mother farewell and climbed to the landing pad on the upper level of the gorge.  The black velvety hide of the fire leopard felt luxurious against her skin, and she wished desperately to return victorious this time.  Amid the haze of the rising mists, she summoned a kobakya and by the time the bird was flapping its giant wings against the pale blue sky, she had finished her first meal in three days.  
Usually, Siamese Peaks was as far north as the kobakyas would go.  Beyond, the stench of death from the volcanic alps kept most creatures away.  Yet it was a place of fecundity for the plurans, a sign of their superiority over the other lucerian clans.  
When the bird began its descent towards the higher of the two peaks, Writhren urged, “Keep going… please.”  She knew better than to threaten a kobakya.  One bird mistreated and none of them would heed her summons.  
The kobakya cawed and swooped around, wanting to head south.  “Please,” Writhren begged, “many of my kin sisters are in grave danger.  As soon as I spot them, you can leave me.  I will not ask you to battle the Ophidians with me.”
The bird shook its head with agitation before it spun around the summit and headed into the volcanic territory, where the autumn chill did little to cool the land.  Heat and smoke from the molten vents forced the kobakya to climb to a higher altitude.  Below, the endless stretch of blackness gave Writhren the chills.  White gullies filled with the bones of the eaten meant the Ophidians would be less prone to kill, whereas black valleys meant trouble.  She strained her ears for the sound of singing.  With twenty of her kin sisters in the area, their voices should be echoing through the mountains, and yet all she could hear was the roaring of the molten mouths.
Heading west behind the Five Tines of the Shadowlands, past the southern monolithic wall of Black Beacon, The Cauldron, Foul Mountain, Dead End Peak and Smoky Top, Writhren spotted a group of vultures circling above The Molars, upside-down hills formed by ancient eruptions.  Hurled upwards by the explosive lava, the peaks had descended with their bottoms facing the sky.  Upon her order, the kobakya flew towards them.
In the valley below, barely perceptible from the sky, the remains of plurans were scattered around four feasting Ophidians.  Preparing to jump, she directed the kobakya to descend toward The Molars and it pointed its wings backwards for speed, dispersing the vultures.  Its wide wingspan could not easily avoid notice so she was not surprised when one Ophidian, fat with a black band around its slick brown trunk, looked up as the kobakya swooped down.  Writhren, crouching flat on the feathered back, hid between its shoulder and wing.  As it made their final descent over the flat summit of the second Molar, it spun and she dropped and rolled like a pebble.  Like an arrow, the kobakya shot back into the sky and flew south, leaving her hidden, clutching the sheathed Thraxrath.
“A kobakya,” she overheard one of the Ophidians say, his sonorous voice making her jerk.
“Something fell off it.  A pluran perhaps,” a raspy one added.  “A pluran coming here by way of a kobakya.  Ooh, she must be in a hurry for a baby.”  
“Dance with me, I’m so pretty…” one of them hummed.
“I would, if I wasn’t so darn hungry.”  
They broke into boisterous laughter, the embattled plurans screaming and pleading for rescue.
“We should go check out the new arrival,” an Ophidian suggested.
“You can if you want.  I’d rather enjoy these scampering morsels here,” the sonorous one boomed.
One of the plurans squealed and Writhren peeped over the edge of the plateau.  The Pale One, identifiable from his dirty, off-white skin, held one of her kin sisters in a constricting throttle.  The young pluran screamed again, her green hair-snakes hissing most fiercely.  Against her face, The Pale One blew puffs of black smoke.  She turned her head away, her face strained and reddened in her desperate attempt to avoid the noxious fumes.  Soon, her eyes watered and rivulets of foam flowed from her nose and mouth.  As the bubbles, resplendent with strands of twirling gold, spilled out in increased abundance, The Pale One gorged on them, clicking his tongue in delight.  His victim, losing consciousness, slackened her jaws, letting loose a river of bubbles for the hungry Ophidian.  He drank and drank until her kin sister’s soul, encased like royal jelly in this honeycombed wave of effervescence, was emptied.  The Pale One tossed the body aside, and the brown Ophidian with the black band across his abdomen seized it, sinking his silver fangs into the corpse.  Writhren sagged to the ground, fighting the fear that kept her shaking.  
How to stop this massacre?  The Pale One was pursuing another pluran, who defended herself with a sword.  She, like many who had come to dance with the Ophidians, was too young to have earned her weapon, to have been fully trained at Pikwik.  Too young to go to war, they would suffer such meaningless deaths.
Another commotion roused Writhren.  Where the dale widened, four plurans struggled to escape what appeared to be a fast-moving serpent.  She would have mistaken the creature for a regular snake, if not for his tremendous speed, seemingly powered by his glowing tail that never stopped vibrating as he tunnelled through the ground faster than a lucerian could run.  The Small One.  Regardless of the direction in which her kin sisters scattered, he kept them rounded up, then tortured them with flicks of his hot tail, apparently keeping them alive and mobile for his amusement.  Writhren could not unglue her gaze from the horrors unfolding in the valley below, until with her eyes darting back and forth, she realized… Where is the fourth one? 
“Cunning One, is that you?”
She whirled around.  Hovering above the rim of the plateau was the giant head of an Ophidian who resembled a slithering tube of pahoehoe that never completely cooled.  He pressed forward and rose, his crusty but flexible skin suffused with migrating veins issuing from a molten layer of flesh.  His eyes were roaring balls of fire.  
Writhren slowly stood, sand scraping under her feet.  She was unsheathing her fire blade when the Ophidian tilted his snout upward and smelled the air.
“Cunning One?” he mumbled with hesitation.
Writhren put a hand to her nose and sniffed.  Apparently, the blind Ophidian had mistaken her as The Cunning One.  She knew she carried the scent of The Cunning One, more strongly since she had eaten his tongue.  To mimic an Ophidian’s slither, she found the largest rock she could move and pushed it, making sand grate.
“Talk to me, Cunning One.  None of us has seen you in years.  You move funny.  Someone with you?”  The Ophidian blew out a breath of fire.
Writhren ducked, barely escaping the unexpected blaze.  She scraped with her boots while assuming a raspy voice.  “I’ve been injured and I’m no longer the brother you know.  It’s been a long time since we all fed, so leave me alone with this one.  Plenty await you in the valley.”
His fiery eyes flared and he stuck out his dull burgundy tongue, frantically searching for the speaker, but the scents seemed to have confused him.  Over and over, he jerked forward and checked himself, apparently unclear whether friend or food was at the summit with him.
Suddenly, he narrowed the fireballs of his eyes.  “Injured.  How were you injured?”
Writhren whispered, “In ways that could not be healed.”
The Ophidian retreated and started to huff.  Following the scent, he inched towards her, jaws parted to reveal racks of fangs and a knot of fire at the back of his throat.  She inhaled.  His breath smelled noxious.  If she was not mistaken, that ball of fire turned his breath into flames each time he breathed through his mouth.  Her heart thumped.
When his tongue touched the rock she was using, he stilled.  “Cunning One, I would leave you alone if you could tell me one thing,” he said.  “How did we get our pair of iron fangs?”
She somersaulted to his side.  “Ophidian, my sisters have come to dance with you and your brothers.  Eat us all and we’ll become extinct.  There won’t be any plurans left to bring you food, and unless you can leave the Shadowlands, an eternity of hunger awaits you.”
He pointed his nostrils in her direction and inhaled.  “You stink of The Cunning One.”
“I’m his daughter.”
“His killer.”  
He shot her a tunnel of fire, and she rolled away.  With his proclivity for blowing deadly tongues of flame, he was clearly The Fiery One.  Manically, he whipped his tail, as if intending to flick her over the summit’s edge or trap her for ease of torching.  Wielding Thraxrath, she severed his thrashing pahoehoe torso.  As expected, the tail regenerated and reformed, severed scraps rejoining his body like mercury.  Fortunately, her combat skills as a Rend Vigor and her relative lack of fear of him made her a surprisingly strong opponent, and her resilience frustrated him. 
“I curse you, witch pluran.  You who killed The Cunning One, who conferred you your life, your clan their longevity, will die a most undignified death.  You and your witch power can rot on the Five Tines of the Shadowlands.” 
Fuelled with rage, the body of The Fiery One became fully ablaze.  Having fought The Cunning One, Writhren knew that the only moves that counted were those that led to the seizing of the body part where his strength lay.  Brandishing her scythe, she focused on the fire he blew and counted: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.  When the fire extinguished, she counted again: one, two.  Another blazing blast speared toward her.
Facing him, she said, “Come on, Ophidian.  Kill me, or you can rot on this Molar.”
The Fiery One bared his fangs and yanked his mouth wide, emitting a roaring column of flames.  Deftly, she leapt above it.  One, two, three… she landed on his head.  Four, five six…  She jumped to the ground while he whipped his head around, the tongues of his fire dragging in the air.  She sped towards him, loosening Kiri’s chain whip with the bladed tip.  Seven, eight, nine.  She threw the whip into his mouth, embedding the blade into his uvula, that dangling knot of fire, and ripped it from his throat.
Thrashing and groaning, he hurled himself forward but overshot his aim, half of his flaming body tipping over the edge of the plateau.  Having rolled to the side, she again sank her fire blade into his torso.  The Fiery One writhed as he fell.  “My name is Trishor, one of the seven from the Seventh Realm.  May anger be the only emotion you will experience until your death.  Never shall you love and be loved in return.  My name sets this curse.  My death shall bind it.” 
Fire in his infernal body gradually extinguished as his severed trunk descended from the height of the Molar.  When it hit the ground, his head burst, releasing a splatter of mercurial blood and goo.  Down in the dale, shrieks were silenced.  Amid a scattering of body parts, four of her kin sisters lay motionless, their eyes open, their throats missing.  The three Ophidians were slithering to investigate their fallen counterpart, gathering around the bloodied fragments of The Fiery One. 
The sight made her sweat, and his uvula, resting heavy and charred in her palm, almost slid from her grasp.  At once, she devoured the prized spoil.  Fear, and that lingering sense of hunger, which had kept her body lean and her mind sharp, made that fire-roasted ball of meat easier to swallow.  When she had finished, a seizure ensued, her mind bombarded with the same vision that had struck her after she had devoured the tongue of The Cunning One: the crystal spearing through the sky.  As it entered the atmosphere, it turned ablaze.  Glowing fissures sprawled on its glassy surface until it broke into seven pieces and hit the ground, the impact creating giant craters.  Instead of bouncing off the grassy field, the rock fragments penetrated the earth like arrows, like seeds from the stars.  
When she regained consciousness, her throat felt sore and burned.  The strange vision of the crystal intrigued her, but she did not have time to dwell on it.  She flexed her sinewy muscles, re-energized, as if possessing twice her former strength.  Her scalp itched, and she grinned at the familiar sensation of tiny hair-snakes wriggling to break out of their epidermis shell.  Next to her, vultures had gathered to peck the remaining half of The Fiery One.
The other Ophidians were making their way up the hill toward her.  Quickly, she seized Thraxrath and adjusted the straps of her rucksack.  Lacking other options, she used the old trick of sneaking behind the largest of the feasting fowls and forcing the vulture to carry her away from the summit of The Molars.
12

The noonday sun hid behind a veil of clouds as the vulture transporting Writhren flew east from The Molars.  She had failed to rescue her kin sisters.  Even if she could have claimed victory over the Ophidians, she would have needed to keep her conquest secret, for these serpentine creatures, vile that they were, were vital to the perpetuation of the Hollows clan.  Having already failed the procurement in Wetikki, returning to Gash Valley empty-handed again would destroy her chance of becoming the next Rend Apex.  Doggedly, she scanned below, searching for signs of plurans in the mountains. 
Wing-shaped strips of paper flew by, and with renewed hope, she commanded the vulture to follow them.  These kobies, likely the ones that Mother had sent at her request to order her kin sisters to leave the Shadowlands, flapped in a purposeful manner eastwards, where vultures were circling behind Mount Eerie over an obscure area known as Grim Peaks.  Like arrows, the kobies descended at speed towards the quiet valleys, where into a cave they flew.  The last koby hurled into the chest of an adolescent pluran with brown hair-snakes who came rushing outside as Writhren alighted.
The voluptuous pluran, wearing a pair of green breeches and a pink robe, looked ridiculously like a flower awkwardly planted in this parched deserted land.  She gripped Writhren’s gangly arms and begged, “Oh merciful Lucerie, please take me away from here.  We need to leave before The Beautiful One comes out.”
“How many of you are in there?”
The pluran shook her head with agitation.  “Six maybe, but it doesn’t matter.  They’re all dead.  We must go.”
From the yawning mouth of the cavern came shrieks that made Writhren stare.  She led her terrified kin sister up the adjacent slope to gain a better view of the entrance, the paper missive following faithfully behind.
“I’m going in there.  Stay here and only come down when I give you a signal.”  Writhren hid her behind a boulder.  “Take the koby or it’ll keep following you.”  
The pluran grabbed the origami letter and read the warning message from Mother about the now-evident failed procurement.  “The cave is completely dark, and his eyes are the only thing you’ll see.  You look at them, and you’ll melt.  I’m lucky to be still alive.  We need to go.”
“How did you escape?”
“I stood facing the wall and I didn’t turn around.  Luckily, the tunnel was not complicated.  I groped my way along toward the daylight.”
“How big is The Beautiful One?”
She frowned and outstretched her arms.  “This large, maybe.  I only saw a glimpse of him.  He is green with a soft webbing of gold lines running throughout his body that just makes you want to look at him.  I stared for only a second, but he is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.  Sister, we can’t defeat an Ophidian.  None of us can.  Just take me back home, please.”  
Writhren shook off the hand that grabbed her.  “I’m given the task of bringing back as many of you as possible.  I can’t leave our kin sisters in the cave if they’re still alive.”
As she approached the entrance, Writhren removed her ebony fire leopard turban and let loose a full head of new hair-snakes, extra pairs of eyes in the dimness of the cavern apparently favoured by the Ophidians as a dining den.  In spite of her soft, careful steps, every crack of the bones littered on the floor seemed amplified in the vacant halls.  Following the screams and their echoes took her ever deeper into the tunnel, and she quickened her pace.  Before long, she heard steps fast approaching her.
Holding Thraxrath high, she declared, “Ophidian, I implore you to stop feeding on my kin sisters.  I understand that you and your kind have not fed for a long time.  Many of my kin sisters have since been consumed.  Please let the rest return to Gash Valley.  A proper procurement will be made very soon.  You have to keep us alive to secure your ongoing food supply.”
More footsteps were hurrying in her direction.  The yellow glow of Thraxrath travelled across the chamber, revealing two figures running towards her.  
“Help us, please.”
Coming into view were the wild eyes of a well-developed young pluran with a frightening nest of ivory hair-snakes, her outstretched palms eager for the light.  Behind her a smaller pluran remained shrouded in darkness.  Walking towards them, Writhren glanced up.  Gliding along the ceiling between them was an increasingly distinct serpentine shape.  She balked, took a step back.  The adolescent pluran ran into her arms but the petite one froze, her rare golden hair-snakes swaying as if hypnotized.  The serpentine shape had descended directly in front of her.
The air was filled with a sweet alluring scent, and the pluran’s eyes and mouth grew round with awe.  Writhren could not help but follow her gaze.  Dangling from the ceiling, the sleek pale underbelly of The Beautiful One was dusted with gold, sparkling in the fire blade’s gleam.  When she averted her eyes to the hypnotized youngster, her brows drew up in horror.  
The pluran’s hair-snakes became distended at the roots, their golden scales peeling away from the skin.  Her face, her arms lengthened to freakish proportions.  The slits of her eyes opened like mouths yawning and exposed the undersides of her eyeballs.  Her leather boots squeaked as they stretched and burst.  Her swelling feet spread like wet dough.  Without a sound, the poor girl was sinking into a puddle of herself, spellbound by The Beautiful One’s bewitching gaze.  When his victim had completely melted, the green Ophidian dropped from the ceiling to drink the red goo with his elegant snout.
Writhren and the surviving pluran fled, but their feet constantly sank into the bone heaps.  They might as well be running in sand dunes.  Hurrying and floundering, they scrambled onward, their eyes on the faint wash of light around the bend in the tunnel, the breeze taunting them with the stench of blood, rot, and an unnatural scent of caramel.  This artificial smell soon dominated the other scents and Writhren turned pale with fear.  She could no longer ignore the familiar, swift grating sound coming from the ceiling.  
“Run.”  She pushed her teenage companion with the blunt tip of her scythe.
The Beautiful One descended in front of her, and she looked away and slashed, slicing him in half.  She shut her eyes tight, relying on her black hair-snakes to direct her moves.  In the event that her hair-snakes became hypnotized, she would chop them off.
After the initial thumps from the Ophidian’s severed sections hitting the ground, she heard the chafing of bones against bones, followed by a shriek from the surviving pluran.
“Help, sister, the tail of The Beautiful One has captured me,” she yelled.
Writhren established her stance, fire blade poised to strike again.  The syrupy scent was piquant, and she almost choked.  Bones grated all around her.  The Beautiful One had to be circling closer.  Occasionally, the tapered tip of his tail brushed her feet.  If she had to guess, the severed top half of The Beautiful One had grown back its length, while the bottom half of his original trunk was keeping her kin sister bound.
“Ophidian, I ask that you remember your covenant with the plurans.  My kin sisters came here to dance with you and your kind.  The long civil war has taken the lives of many of us.  I’d like to think that our needs are tied.  If we flourish, so will you.  Eating us to extinction will cut off your food supply.  Since you have already eaten, please let us go, or if it suits you, dance with my kin sister, so she can start a new generation of plurans, ensuring future procurement for you and your fellow Ophidians.”  
Through her eyelids a shadow closed in, darkening the glow of her fire blade.
“If the past decade has been any indication, you plurans are not to be trusted.  If anyone has breached the covenant, it is you and your kind.  For ten years we waited, starved in the Shadowlands, our sole claim in this abundant expanse of Matikki, while you squabbled between yourselves.  Now that you are done with your senseless brawl, you come back here and remind us of the covenant.  For all we care, you can all become extinct.”
Writhren reluctantly bowed.  “We are very sorry for what happened, and we have learned our lesson.  A procurement was planned, but there have been… unexpected complications.  After I deliver my kin sisters to Gash Valley, I will return to Wetikki and bring in the promised feast.  Please give us a second chance.  Killing all of us will not benefit you.”
“You make it sound as if we need you.  Let me remind you that we have been in the Shadowlands long before the lucerians arrived.  A good lightning show, I recall.  I’ll admit: our diet has changed since the covenant.  We have grown to love the taste of thinking, sentient creatures.  They are smarter, taste better.  They are more a delicacy than a staple for sustenance.  We don’t need you.  If necessary we’ll return to our old diet.  Our needs and survival are not tied to one another, whereas you do need us.  You’re lucky we let you live.”
“True.  Thank you for your wise words.  My kin sister and I will take them to heart.  Please let us go.”
“Hmm, all this talking has put me in the mood for a dance.”  He nudged against her and sang, “The truth of our longing is thus: our lonely days are behind us.”
A chill cooled her spine.  “Ophidian, I don’t dance… not today.”
“Playing hard to get, hey.”  The Beautiful One wound around her, constricting her breath.  “What tickles your fancy then?  A foe or a fae?”
She squirmed.  The Cunning One was right.  She had never been good at this game.  Any interest in romance had receded into the deep past since that tragic night she had shared with Junpo.  Her grasp on Thraxrath remained firm, her arm quivering with frustration.
His tongue was prying open her eyelids.  Head averted, she squeezed them as tight as a clam within its shell.  The odd, unwanted affection made her body tense, her throat burn.  Any word escaping her mouth would be of anger, not desire.  Yet, not saying anything would be dangerous, especially with him wrapping around her, his caramel breath on her neck.  His soft, silky trunk trapping her chest could probably feel the manic palpitations of her heart, and he tightened his stranglehold with apparent delight.  Her hair-snakes were hissing, uncertain and afraid.
Seething, she murmured, 
Chance and circumstance determine the parts we play,
When duty calls, who am I to say yay or nay?  
We trust our instinct.  Let the chips fall where they may.
“Indeed,” said The Beautiful One.  His hold on her relaxed.  
Since fate has brought us here,
You and I have reason to cheer.
Reveal to me your violet eyes,
Let me see if they mesmerize.
“But Ophidian, whoever meets you eye-to-eye dies,” said Writhren.
The Beautiful One chuckled.  “Aggression is often desire in disguise.”  
All the innuendos and doubletalk made her want to slash the silky green thing apart, if only that would not result in many more pieces of him wiggling around and causing more hazards for her.  She wished she could tell him that the last time she danced with an Ophidian, she ended up killing him.  Had he known what she could do, he would have left her alone.  Instead, his forked tongue kept brushing her eyelids with slurpy wetness.  Was this a sign of desire or hunger?  Her hair-snakes hissed in high-pitched tones, their nervous wiggling gradually slowing, their movements becoming more cautious and calculating.  She lifted a corner of her mouth ever so coyly. 
“Ophidian,” she finally said.  “Have you considered that seeing my eyes might make you blind?”
“With love?  I can’t wait.”  His lips made smacking sounds.
“Your eyes, striking and powerful that they are, are too close and overwhelming.  I’m not sure if I’d survive even a glance.  Ophidian, a little space please.”
He unwound and moved away from her.  She pretended to be adjusting her outfit and ruffling her hair-snakes, all the while mumbling with her burning throat like a ventriloquist but keeping her lips sealed, as if trapping the words in her mouth.  As she opened her eyes, she reached into her robe for her yellow fire-blade cover.  Quickly she blew on the fabric, and the air flickered with blue sparks.  Her breath, charged with the secret spell trapped in her mouth, released the runes from the cloth like pepper into the air.  She had learned from the Mend in Meheeba that these ancient runes were much more powerful than contemporary words, often bastardized versions or derivatives of their older forms.  Abused and misused, many words in the common vernacular became clichés and lost their meaning, their power.  Not these runes, whose form and function had remained undefiled through the ages, proving powerful enough to enable the ordinary piece of yellow fabric to shield the fire blade.  She hoped that these same olden characters would protect her from the dangerous gaze of The Beautiful One.
The archaic symbols flew and attached themselves to the Ophidian’s eyes, covering them like leeches.  The Beautiful One screamed.  His eyeballs, the size of small cantaloupes, sizzled and turned teary.  He whipped his tail around her and dragged her to him.
 “Witches’ words be damned.  Remove them, pluran, if you want to live.”  His breath hit her face, smelling like burnt sugar.
“I remove them, I die.”  She returned the yellow cloth to her robe, feet pushing against the bone heaps on the floor while the Ophidian drew her forward.
“You wouldn’t, not if we were dancing, you ill-born idiot.”  He writhed and hissed.
Apparently, dancing was about trusting, but how was she to know when to trust?  She would rather fight and kill or be killed.  The rules were simpler, the process and outcome more straightforward.  
“Let me and my kin sister go and I’ll remove the pepper from your eyes.”  The weight of her hair-snakes against her scalp suggested that many were of full-grown length.  She handed them Thraxrath to hold, freeing her hands to push against his throttling trunk.
Tears in his eyes had turned to mercury.  Still, he smirked and said, “You are not in a position to threaten or negotiate, you ungrateful worm.  Die.”  
The Beautiful One bared his iron fangs, foot-long silver stalactites, and sank them into her neck.  Veined in black, they injected a rush of liquid frost, coursing through her body.  She grabbed the fangs still pumping death into her, and using all her strength, she pulled at them.  Amid her war cries and a loud snap, the fangs broke off, and she sank those spikes into his eyes.  
His eyeballs bled, and she pushed the fangs deeper, burying them into his skull.  He threw his head back.  Silver blood burbling forth from his mouth, he gurgled, “My name is Westith, one of the seven from the Seventh Realm.  May you crave what you see and spend your days wallowing in greed and discontent.  May you be blind to the dangers around you.  To ambushes and trickery shall you fall.  My name sets this curse.  My death shall bind it.”
Gradually, the green trunk slackened around her and dropped like a coil of dead vine amidst the bone heaps.  The gold webbing dazzled before it faded into a net of rusty bronze.  
Nearby, the pluran freed herself from the Ophidian’s severed trunk, now no more threatening than a coiled rope.  Writhren retrieved Thraxrath from her hair-snakes.  Her lips and neck were turning black from the Ophidian’s poison, and her body shivered.  Familiar with these harbingers of death, she set her scythe next to the carcass’s head and commanded it to stay ablaze so she could search for the prizes of her victory, the cures for her demise.
Meticulously, she removed a fang from one of the punctured eyeballs, almost too large for her hand to hold.  Did she have to eat them both?  A soft light shone through the pierced iris, and she peeled to enlarge the opening.  Half of the grey liquid inside seeped away, revealing a transparent globe the shape and size of a quail’s egg: the lens of The Beautiful One, emanating a neon pink glow.  Without hesitation, she plucked it out and placed it in her mouth.  If she was not careful, the hard, slimy lens slipping down her throat could choke her.  She shuddered with the invasive cold, and time was running out.  She spat out the lens and stomped on it, flattening it, then chewed it hard and fast until it was fit for swallowing. 
Exhausted, she lay on her side and breathed, indulging in the return of warmth to her body.  She closed her eyes and saw fragmented visions of the mysterious crystal falling from the sky, broken into seven pieces, but the images were disjointed.  Her body jerked.  The heat flooding her arteries gradually healed and strengthened her.  At last, she managed a rare grin.  
When she pushed herself upright her muscles remained sore.  Time to ingest the other lens and move on.  She reached for it and gasped.  The teenage pluran she had saved had crushed the remaining pink lens.
“What are you doing?” she challenged her.
“Eating it.”  She rubbed dirt from the flattened sphere.
“Stop.  Give it to me.”  
“Why?”  She put the still glowing lens into her mouth.
Using the blunt end of Thraxrath, Writhren stabbed at her chest and out came the lens, but before Writhren could seize it the ivory-crowned teenager caught it, swallowed it and ran.  Fury spread like hot lava in Writhren’s veins.  She threw Thraxrath forward.  Like an axe, the fire blade anchored itself on the back of the pluran, whose hair-snakes gave a collective hiss.  The surprisingly resolute teenager struggled on, crawling towards the light marking the cave’s exit.
Writhren caught up and yanked the scythe from the teenager’s back.  Repeatedly, she knocked her victim with her staff.
“Cough the lens out, and I’ll spare your life,” she demanded.
The teenager heaved and spat, spraying blood onto the bone-carpeted stone floor.  “I saw how the lens healed you.  Why can’t I be as strong as you?”
“I saved you from the Ophidian.  Everything that was his belongs to me.”  She kicked to swivel the teenager’s shoulder, making her lie on her back.  “Retch out the lens or I’ll slash open your stomach to retrieve it.”
“You came here to save me.  You can’t kill me.  Killing an Ophidian is bad enough.  Killing a kin sister is treason punishable by death.  The Arc of Tarr will toss you into a volcano.”
Writhren envisioned her throat like a volcanic vent, burning with anger.  Her eyes almost became blind with it.  Lips scrunched and curling, she threatened her unrelenting kin sister with the fire blade above her belly.  
“For all you know, the lens has been digested, gone.  Please, forgive me and let me be.”  The teary-eyed pluran held her in a firm, earnest gaze.
Writhren’s face and scaled neck turned a deep red, her head roiling with a crown of furious hair-snakes.  “Traitor!”  
Down went the blade into the young pluran’s chest, and she drew it quick and soft as with a paintbrush, producing a crimson stroke down the fledgling’s abdomen that looked almost calligraphic.  Ignoring her victim’s whimpering, she ripped the belly open, her eyes turning wild and greedy.  The teenager did not take long to succumb to the immense pain and loss of blood, but her body continued to shake spastically as if in protest against the relentless assault.  Fingers wiggling in the wish-wash slime of her stomach’s contents, Writhren caught the contested lens, almost besotted by its hypnotic fuchsia glow.   
Unlike the adolescent pluran, she took her time chewing the lens.  From the rucksack, she took out the waterskin.  Once swallowed, the lens conferred a new wave of soothing warmth down her throat, all the way through her torso to her extremities.  Her mouth salivated; her heart pulsed as if in anticipation of what was to follow.  She lay down, eyes rolling.  This seizure-induced vision was vivid with coherence.  The crystal falling from the sky, shattering into seven pieces, hit the field and created seven craters.  The shards buried themselves deep beneath their points of impact and soon, the craters rose and became summits.  Vegetation was singed from the inside out, as if eternally afflicted with malignant embers.  For a long time, the slopes were covered with smoke and haze.  When the air cleared, all that was green shrivelled and died, sending the once lush landscape into a permanent state of mystery shrouded in black, while the mountain range grew higher and spread like bulged veins, forming a formidable wall north of Matikki.  That, Writhren realized, was how the Shadowlands had been born.
She opened her eyes, revelling in the rush of power that came with her victory over The Beautiful One and the knowledge bestowed from the subsequent vision.  She coughed to check her throat: no more burns and swelling.  Was that a good thing?  The effects of killing the Ophidians and consuming their body parts had yet to be fully understood, but one thing was clear.  Each kill made her stronger.  With The Beautiful One dead, a new boost of power and confidence surging from the inside out made her skin feel electrically charged.  As if recovering from a shock, she shuffled to collect her belongings and staggered towards the cave’s exit, staring half-stunned with the wide-eyed gaze of a child.  Only with the breeze brushing her face did she sense moisture running down her cheeks.  She wiped them with the back of her palms and balked.  Her eyes were crying blood, and she had never seen more sharply.
In spite of the open sky outside beckoning, she stopped short of exiting the cavern.  The task of saving her kin sisters interested her less and less.  Why should she risk her life for them if none would reciprocate her kindness?  In comparison, the rewards for hunting the Ophidians were certain and much more satisfying.  With each Ophidian killed, she gained more of their strength and their secrets, which could enable her to negotiate a better future in Matikki.  She planted Thraxrath in the bone heaps, leaned against it and considered her options.  Should she continue the rescue mission with questionable gains?  Or should she destroy all the Ophidians, and with that, the future of her clan, becoming the most powerful lucerian in Matikki?
Against the mounting urge for selfish gains, there remained a last tug of loyalty for Mother and an innate reluctance to disappoint her.  Writhren was not ready to blatantly defy Mother’s wishes.  She also had to consider the Ophidian curses that came with the killings, easy to ignore during the dire confrontations.  Now that the dreadful deeds were done, should she worry about these curses of the dead? 
Light outside had faded.  Amidst the fears and shadows of regret, the undying wish to please Mother remained, and with that came the resolve to tend to the kin sister still concealed on the hillside.  Yanking her trusty staff from the ground, she hurried towards the weakening light.  

13

Above, the cloudy sky had the greyish tone of dead tissues.  One more candle-hour of light left, Writhren thought.  With night approaching, the cave might be the safest place until tomorrow.  She gazed uphill toward the boulder where she had secreted the voluptuous pluran and gave a sharp whistle.  The kin sister with brown hair-snakes was nowhere in sight.
Heart racing, she surveyed her surroundings.  Too bad she had never asked the youngster her name.  Failing to spot her, she hiked up to the boulder mindful of ambush, expecting to find her remains.  Had the girl run away, or been swallowed whole by an Ophidian?
Beneath her came a series of tremors.  Stones rolled and fell.  She slipped and leaned against the boulder but it too began to somersault down the slope.  Her feet trundled backwards while she struggled in vain to regain her balance.  Soon she was sliding downhill head first when suddenly, the ground stopped shaking and she stilled, pinioned by five talons. 
Toes of the clawed foot curled inwards, and she was lifted off the ground, raised high towards the creature’s head.  His eyes appeared wise and sharp, his pinhole irises as dark and deep as oceans.  With his claws clamped around her, holding her buoyant like some strange flotation device, she saw herself helpless and alone, drifting in these fathomless seas.  His long snout was flat and he had a mane of iron quills running from the top of his head to the tip of his tail.  Webbed leathery wings fanned out from his shoulder blades.  Yes, shoulder blades.  For an Ophidian, if he was one, he was more draconic than serpentine.
His claws tightened around her, and she heaved with fear at his magnificence, his glittery purplish skin almost black.  Even the fire scythe in her hand seemed insufficient for severing the smallest of his quills.  She could never kill him.  What else could she do?
“Ophidian,” she ventured.
He tilted his head with a glimmer of interest.  Unlike the others of his kind, this Ophidian seemed more intellectual than savage, his movements careful, even gentle for a creature of his stature and strength.  Had she been clutched by a lesser Ophidian, by now she would have been reduced to pulp inside his fang-rimmed mouth.  His manners gave her reprieve from her grave anxieties.
“I gather from the disappearance of my kin sister that you must have fed.  Please, dance with me instead.”  She glanced away, as coyly as she could.
“You speak out of fear, not desire, pluran.  If you dance with me under such circumstances, you will produce a coward, not the kind of offspring I’d claim as mine.”  He set her down.  “For the same reason, I have released the other pluran.  As much as I crave the taste of procured delicacies, I do not feed on those with whom I have the covenant.  Join your kin sister now, or find another Ophidian to dance with.”
She stood motionless.  With his two legs extended he was as tall as a tree, and one whip from that tail could send her halfway back to Gash Valley.  His nobility was also uncharacteristic of an Ophidian.  This must be The Mighty One.  Stories had been told about how strong he was, but nothing had been said about his capacity for reasoning and kindness.
“Ophidian, are you aware that since my kin sisters came to the Shadowlands several days ago for a dance, your brothers have been eating them?”
The Mighty One leaned back, his stare steely.
“Due to a civil war that ended only recently, we were unable to make procurement for much of the past decade.  A long overdue tribute was planned prior to my kin sisters’ arrival, but it was beset by complications.  As a result of your brothers’ indiscriminate feasting, I’m not sure if there are even a handful of us left to perpetuate our kind.”
His frown locked, his gaze painful and fixed on her for a long time before he looked away with sadness.  
“I was the one who initiated the covenant,” he confessed.  “The first pluran… I still remember her, her bronze skin and fiery hair-snakes, her lips fierier still, and her voice was beautiful, her songs heart-wrenching.  Tragic it would have been if she were the only and last of her kind.  So I convinced my brothers to join me in an arrangement with the lone pluran.  But they are savages, all of them.  Let me find them, and make sure they cease this barbaric frenzy.”  
He spread his wings against the clouds, now shaded in purple and grey.  
“Take me with you,” she pleaded.
After a pause, he said, “No.  Where Ophidians gather is no place for a pluran.”
“And until all your brothers are appeased, the Shadowlands is no place for a pluran.  Please, if any of my kin sisters is still alive, I need to take her back home safely, so the covenant and the survival of the plurans can continue.  Travelling with you is the safest and fastest way for me to fulfil this mission entrusted with me.  Ophidian, please.”  She knelt.
The Mighty One huffed and shifted.  In the shadow of his spread wings, she could hardly distinguish the land darkening around her.  Eyes fixed on the ground, she stared at his giant talons, white like tusks against his darkly specked and glittering skin.  He was an animated rock of minerals and she was awed by his majestic beauty.  This Ophidian she would dance with.  She was about to look up at him when she was seized and lifted into the sky.
Never would she have imagined being carried like prey in the firm grip of his claws, cutting through brisk winds in the moonless night, but how else could The Mighty One have carried her?  Like a kobakya?  She sneered.  There was no dignified way to travel with an Ophidian.
They flew low and circled often.  With the sun completely set, Grim Peaks resembled an inky abyss, and The Mighty One had to have night vision to discern the details below.  At times, the wind blasted her face with sand and made her eyes tear, her lungs choke.  All the while, The Mighty One seemed confident in his search, gliding and dipping with apparent purpose and intent.  His gaze appeared keen and even frightening as he scrutinized the imperceptible slopes.  As they neared the southern edge of Grim Peaks, a sudden jerk of his claws made her glance down. 
She winced.  In a barren dale next to a burning tar pit was the kin sister who had run out of the cave, the one who was to wait for her behind the boulder and was later set free by The Mighty One.  How had she ended up here?  Between the tar pit and the bone-strewn lair of The Beautiful One were several hills, an incredibly long distance to cover by foot in a couple of candle-hours.  Could that plump young thing have run so fast?
The Mighty One descended.  The kin sister looked lifeless, her heavy-lidded gaze insentient, but otherwise she did not appear wounded.  Had she fallen off the back of a giant vulture and died from unseen injuries?  
The Mighty One batted his wings until he landed near the unconscious pluran.  His eyes drooped with apparent disappointment and grief as Writhren approached the supine adolescent.
“Pluran, stay,” he said.  “Don’t take a step further towards the dead.”
She balked.  The teenager’s eyes appeared locked in a frightful gaze, her mouth gaping in an unnatural way.  Somehow her pudgy body seemed deflated.  Against his advice, she advanced, noticing undulations in her kin sister’s belly.  Using the blunt end of Thraxrath, she lifted the pink robe.  Her heart jumped.  The Mighty One had whipped his tail around her waist and was pulling her far away from the lifeless body.  
“Quick.  You need to hide.”  He nudged her into the folds of his wings and winced.  “Drop your weapon, or I won’t be able to protect you.”
Writhren laid down the fire blade, which extinguished at once.  From underneath his leathery web of skin, she saw the belly of the apparently deceased continue to rise and fall with such ferocity that the body appeared to be wriggling.  Soon, a point rose from her lower abdomen, as if something inside was piercing outward.  The green breeches ripped, the pink robe tore.  From the deflowered remains emerged the bloodied trunk of what appeared to be a black snake, moving with contented leisure.  Only when Writhren saw his bright vibrating tail did she realize the creature was The Small One.  His eyes were black like beads, indistinguishable if not for their wavy white streaks.  Slowly he licked his lipless mouth, cleansing it of blood.
“That’s a pluran you’ve just devoured,” The Mighty One said.
The Small One stared at the body.  “Just the insides.  I’ll leave the shell to the others.  This one still has a lot of meat on it—”
The Mighty One pounced, sinking his claws into his counterpart.  Baring his iron fangs, he said, “We don’t eat them, remember?”
The Small One writhed and squealed; the weight of the enormous talons flattened his midsection.  “Please… stop, stop… I’ll stop.  No more eating.”
The Mighty One released him.  Heaving, The Small One said, “Before you devote yourself to saving the plurans, you need to hear this: one of them has killed at least one of us.”
The Mighty One paused, then shook his head, his iron quills swaying in a wave of discord.  “That’s nonsense.  Utter nonsense.”
“Go to The Molars and see for yourself.  Fiery One’s severed head is still there.  We all saw it hurling down like giant timber, Pale One, Hungry One, and I.  Before he went up that upside-down hill, we saw a kobakya dropping off a pluran at the top.”  He gestured at his victim.  “If they’re going to kill us, why should we dance with them?  I’d say we eat them all, and no one leaves the Shadowlands alive lest word should travel about our mortal nature—”
“Enough.”  The Mighty One stepped back, hiding Writhren deeper in his wings.  “The plurans have no reason to use violence against us unless their lives are at stake.  All the more reason for us to resume dancing with them.”
A thick, off-white trunk slid into view next to the roaring pit of fire.  The Pale One flicked his mottled tongue.  “Since when do we have to resort to dancing to stay alive?  Mighty One, you can serve these plurans all you want.  I’m done with these circus tricks that you’ve had us perform since the lucerians arrived.  Any more plurans crossing my path will see me dancing drunk with their soul in my cold blue veins.”  He belched.
“You will not.”  The Mighty One huffed.
From behind the Pale One slid the sprawling brown trunk of The Hungry One, whose mouth gaped even wider with a hateful sneer.  “You may be bigger than us, but you are not above us.  You don’t tell us what to do.”
“We are brothers, are we not?  We came as one, a diamond from the sky.  Together we must stand, or we will all perish like a teardrop shed and evaporated.  We have all stood behind the covenant.  We must uphold our promise.  What good will it do us to eat all the plurans?”
“One of them has killed The Fiery One,” The Hungry One reasserted with his sonorous voice.
“No one has seen The Cunning One for years.  Did you ever care to find out what happened to him?” The Pale One rasped.
“What about The Beautiful One?  I don’t see him anywhere,” added The Small One.
The Pale One approached his glittery counterpart, his breathing audible, pungent and intimidating.  “Your beloved pets have not fulfilled their role in the covenant, and our brothers are disappearing one after another.  We would be stupid to dance with them.  If anything, we should lure them all into the Shadowlands, from the oldest to the newborns.  We create them.  We should finish them, to avenge our brothers’ deaths and bring this covenant to a rightful end.”
The Mighty One strutted, towering over his pale-skinned brother.  “We have grown solitary over the centuries, crossing paths on rare occasions.  It is possible for us to spend decades without seeing each other.  That said, I understand your concern, and we shall seek those we haven’t seen for years.  Until their deaths are confirmed and their murderers identified, I will not tolerate any impulsive act of violence, not from you, you, or you.”  He pointed to each of them.  
“Ooh, look at those giant claws.  I’m scared.”  The Small One sashayed a shiver. 
“They must really impress those pets of yours,” sneered The Hungry One.  “Have you told them how you became so uniquely endowed?”
The Mighty One roared and swatted his fat counterpart, his scimitar claws shredding the slick skin of his bloated, black-banded midsection.  Before the wounds closed, he sank his talons into the silvery gashes and seized The Hungry One by the stomach.  Tugged inside his wings, Writhren gawked with horror.  The exposed cavity resembled an enormous internal boil.  The obese creature curled around the clawed fist and quivered in pain, his wounds pouring silver blood.  From the ever-salivating mouth came a splatter of green slime, which sent the eyes of The Mighty One sizzling.  While he groaned, his eyes bleeding molten lava, The Hungry One wiggled free.  
“Three are bigger than one.  You don’t win.”  The Small One leapt into The Mighty One’s yawning mouth.  He hunched over and gagged, trying to expel The Small One.  Meanwhile, the Pale One blew puffs of black smoke into the nostrils of his giant brother.
“You arrogant worm.  We’re done listening to your nonsense.  It’s time you listened to us.”  
The Mighty One moaned.  Foam formed and gathered at the corners of his mouth, which he struggled to swallow.  With his paws, he scudded backwards to avoid the smoke, jostling Writhren in his folded wings.  She tilted to one side, him leaning at an awkward angle, so she took a peep.  The Mighty One had stuck his right paw into his guts, and after several messy manoeuvres, he pulled out The Small One by his glowing tail.  Firmly, he gripped that vibrating end while his counterpart twisted in pain.  Rising and using his tail as balance, The Mighty One heaved and wiped the slime off his eyes.  Still drooling foam, and with a wrecked gut, he trembled, smoke rising from his fist, snuffing out the fire in The Small One’s tail.   
The ebony-skinned Ophidian hung limp, and The Mighty One flung him aside like an old rope.  Still heaving with internal injuries and the loss of his life force dissipated with the foam, he sank his left paw into his ghostly kin.  The Pale One feigned to the right but one talon nailed him in the lower abdomen.  He whipped around, stirring a dust storm.  Stone shards flew like darts and grazed his opponent.  Like judgement without mercy, the other paw came down on his neck, pressing the alabaster body to the ground.  The Pale One turned blue and could not breathe.  Tendrils of black smoke crept from his bruised-pink nostrils.
“When the fume clears, I’ll let you breathe your last, when you’ll breathe into me.”  The Mighty One strained to rise and declared, “Stop killing the plurans, or next time we fight, I will destroy you, all of you.”
Plumes of soot from The Pale One grew wispy.  His listless body, swelling and blue, made it hard for Writhren to tell if he was alive.  She looked up to check The Mighty One, who tilted his head back and groaned like thunder, his face creasing with pain.  Slowly, he lowered himself, his paws like fallen timber atop The Pale One.  By the time The Mighty One lay down, he had succumbed to his multiple injuries. 
Resting by a boulder a short distance away, The Hungry One glared with contempt.  His midsection remained horrifically swollen but the slashed wounds seemed to have closed.  Hissing, he rose to lift his stomach off the ground, perhaps too painful for him to glide on, and inched towards his assailant.  With the Mighty One unconscious, unable to protect himself and her, Writhren slipped out from beneath his leathery wings, keeping her hand within reach of the gnarled pole on the ground.
In front of his enormous adversary, The Hungry One hunched and gagged, his lipless mouth pursed into a circle dripping with green slime.  He tilted his head back and prepared to spray.
“Stop, or I’ll cut your belly open.”  Writhren positioned her fire blade on his swollen middle.
His eyes lit up.  “A pluran protecting an Ophidian.  Oh my.  Guess you must have really liked the way he danced with you.  A pluran with child?  That’s two plurans in one.  Delicious…”  He sprayed her with a splatter of green slime.  
Writhren shrieked.  The erosive muck burned through Kiri’s tough fire leopard robe and made her arms sizzle, her face and hair-snakes covered with blisters and blood.  The Hungry One hunched over, his fanged mouth wide over her head, raining green acid.  Fiercely, she gave his belly a huge upward slash.  From inside her ravaged robe, she removed the yellow cloth, now devoid of the rune spell, and lit it with her fire blade.  Before his belly closed, she threw the blazing rag inside.  His midsection exploded, acid-dripping stomach shreds plastering on rocks.  Writhren was covered with them.  
The Hungry One roared.  “My name is Fromor, one of the seven from the Seventh Realm.  May food never satisfy you and hunger be your downfall.  My name sets this curse.  My death will bind it.”  He thumped to the ground and collapsed.
Wincing with pain and disgust, Writhren picked his stomach from her clothes and swallowed as much of the slimy tissue as she could.  Thankfully, her surviving hair-snakes joined the repulsive consumption and ingested a good amount of the blasted organ.  Soon, her skin healed, her wounds sealed.
Another vision.  The Shadowlands, formed by the seven splinters of the giant crystal from the sky, had lava boiling on many of its volcanic summits.  Among them, the molten seas in the craters of Black Beacon, The Cauldron, Foul Mountain, Dead End Peak, Smoky Top, Eye of Fury and Blackwoods Mountain seemed particularly rough, as if these alps were about to give birth.  The liquid swirled and roiled, and from the mouths of these dire peaks came the flaming trunks of the Ophidians.  The last among them emerged from Foul Mountain.  Although he was somewhat larger than the others and bore a thin mane of iron spikes, he had neither paws nor wings…
Her eyes blinked open, and she shielded them from the blinding glare and heat from the tar pit.  Satiated with the return of strength, she stood.  Her gaunt limbs were scarred from the acidic slime, but at least they were healed.  As she strode away from the chasm of fire, she noticed movement.
“You are the murderer,” came a voice from the dark valley, distant from the inferno.  “You were the pluran at the top of The Molars who severed the head of The Fiery One.”  A shiny ribbon of a tongue danced in the flickering glow of the tar fire.  The rest of his body was indistinguishable from the surrounding darkness, except for the luminance in his tail that began to pulsate and intensify.
Writhren balked, wanting to retreat, but she could not outrun The Small One once he had fully recovered.  She stomped with Thraxrath and said, “He attacked me.  It was self-defence.  What do you want?”
The Small One remained silent.  The glow in his tail brightened, and when it reached full strength, it would strike, and she would be dead.  She launched her fire blade like a boomerang.  The Small One jerked but remained still while the blazing scythe spun in a loop.  She reached into her belt, and The Small One hissed.  His tail was pinioned by three diamond-shaped darts.  
Recapturing Thraxrath, she ran towards him before he could remove the darts.  Like an anchor, she sank the fire blade into the glowing tail.  Picking up the severed spoil, she said, “You will kill me after you’ve recovered.  I can’t take the risk.  You can go—” 
The Small One leapt into her mouth.  She caught him, his fangs in her tongue, her throat.  Tears wetting her cheeks, she painstakingly pulled him out.  His snout was marred with her teeth marks.
“You don’t have to die.  I don’t want to kill you.  Why can’t you leave me alone?”  
“You have removed my power, my identity as an Ophidian.  Do you expect me to creep around like a snake?  My death will release the only weapon I have left against you…”  
Writhren raised her fire blade. 
“My name is Raelith.  May your haste always make waste.  My name sets this curse.  My death will bind it.” 
She sank Thraxrath into his neck.  Her mouth and throat hurt, and she was full from eating so many Ophidian parts.  She stuffed the severed tail inside her leather belt for later ingestion.
“The tail will rot if you don’t eat it right away.”
Writhren turned in the direction of the frail, raspy voice.  Underneath the giant paws of The Mighty One, The Pale One heaved imperceptibly, his skin a patchwork of blue and purple.  
“Wha-zhu y’care?  Ah’ve just killed y’r brotha,” she uttered with her swollen tongue.
“You should know by now about the special body part in each of us.  It’s called the keane.  The keane holds our power, our memory, our history.  Eating the keane will enable you to know what we saw and knew.  You’ve killed a number of us.  You should have some idea of what we are, where we came from…”
“A da-mond in za ska—”
“A teardrop from Asha from the Seventh Realm.  We are misery, not gods, as this colossal one here would have you believe…”  He sent a lazy sidelong glance at the claws that continued to flatten him.  
Writhren took a step forward, her brows locked with a mindful of thoughts.  “Za Mighty Wung looked a lo’ zmalla.  Why?”
The suffocating Ophidian gave a sly grin.  “The answer is in the tail.”
She took the severed tail from her belt.  “Ow do ah nau you wung attack me?”
“You’re right.  I’ll kill you in a heartbeat.”  He glowered at her.
His skin appeared more bruised than before, and he sagged, weakened.  She ran and hid before she ate the Small One’s tail, feeding as much to her hair-snakes as they would accept.  As the swelling of her tongue and throat calmed, the anticipated vision appeared. 
A night sky torn by lightning, thick bolts in a variety of exotic tones, striking the erupting volcanoes all over Matikki.  As the red veins of lava flowed, they gathered dirt and stones, and the mixture churned, forming whirlpools until the molten rivers separated themselves into ever-spinning mounds of crimson mud, the outer layer thickening into a membrane.  One of these mud mixtures stopped spinning, and beneath the translucent membrane was a full-grown stoutan, asleep and all curled up, his horns tugged behind his knees.  One after another, the mud mixtures transformed into lucerians, all kinds of them, male and female, but none of her kind.  Then the vision took her north, where the volcanoes were still spewing lava and the lightning bolts still shredding the sky.
Among the newly formed whirlpools was a shape that looked pleasantly familiar.  A developing lucerian.  As the gory mixture inside the membrane congealed, mud morphing into flesh, serpentine shapes emerged from the head of the inchoate being.  Her heart fluttered with excitement.  Shadows loomed over the half-formed lucerian, and her smile faded.
Writhren awoke with a gasp, her heartbeat racing.  At once, she dashed back to The Pale One.  
“I saw the eldritch lightning, the night the lucerians were created.  I saw one of us… forming, and I saw shadows like mountains looming over her.  What happened next?” 
He threw her a glare, appearing more dead than his deceased counterparts nearby.  “The answer you seek will come with a curse.  Leave now if you want the covenant to continue.”
“You can just tell me, Ophidian.  I don’t have to kill you…”
He heaved.  “If I weren’t crushed to near death, I would be drinking your soul.  Cursing you is the only way I can avenge my brothers’ demise.  If you want to know the truth of the covenant, accept the curse.  If I live to see you again, I’ll kill you.”
Writhren bit her lips, her hands trembling with the urge to know.  Her mind, overwhelmed with curiosity, could not think clearly.  “I’m riddled with curses already.  What’s another one?”
The gaze of The Pale One pulsed vengeance.  “Come closer then.  Be sure you catch my last breath.” 
14

Writhren crouched and inched next to The Pale One.  Out of his scaly lips wafted black smoke and she scudded backwards, threatening him with her fire blade.  The sooty trail thinned, and he sighed. 
“My name is Escaire, one of the seven from the Seventh Realm…”
She squatted in front of him.
“May you be enslaved by the keanes you seize.  May the land of the living wither under your feet.  May the Land of Permanent Night never allow you entrance.  My name sets the curse.  My death will bind it.”  The Ophidian’s countenance settled until it froze.  From his nostrils emanated wisps of white smoke.
With caution, she leaned forward and breathed in what appeared to be the keane of The Pale One.  Like a drug, it sent her into an ecstatic daze.  Her hair-snakes twisted against each other as if possessed by demons.  She convulsed, her eyes rolling backward, her mind bursting with new visions.
She saw the lucerian with the promising crown of lava-red snakes, fully developed and resting in a foetal position inside the membrane shield.  As the translucent layer dried and shrank around her body, shadows towered over her.
“Doesn’t she look delicious?  They all look delicious.  Lots of meat on their bones.”  The Hungry One’s eyes gleamed with greed.
The Pale One said, “Eat them now.  Once they’ve left the Shadowlands, there is nothing here to lure them back…”
“They are children of lightning.  Eating them may draw vengeance from these lightning bolts that brought them life and could strike us dead,” said The Small One.  
“Three hundred years of eating mole rats, vultures and bumgrubs are enough.  We are overdue for some delicacies,” The Fiery One countered.
The Cunning One narrowed his emerald eyes.  “Eat them all and we’ll be back to eating the bumgrubs.  I want more than just one big meal from them…”
The Mighty One gestured to the slumbering lucerian.  “I like this one.  Her hair gives a beguiling sense of kinship with us.”  The iron spikes on his head cast sharp shadows over her.
The Beautiful One surveyed with his superior eyesight and said, “As far as I can see, she’s the only one of her kind.”  
“Then let us make this kinship official.  Let’s give her a reason to come to the Shadowlands, to need us, to serve us.”  The Mighty One rose and roared.
Balancing on the tip of his tail, he stood almost upright and chanted,
The night bleeds with might and light, makes
New breeds from tar and lava lakes.
Dire and bizarre needs we have none,
But siring the young? That’s different.
How far we’d go, how well we’d fare
As fathers old with tender care?
Marry me thus with pow’r divine,
Dance we will with her and her kind.
His spell charged the air with energy, bursting with blue sparks.  As he had wished, the sky turned into an endless sheet of pewter.  After a pause, the gnarled bolts of eldritch light returned and converged into thick braided strands before striking him, his scaly body pulsing with strobes of cyan.  He dropped down, his serpentine trunk thrashing and riddled with new growths.  Most striking were the iron spikes, graduating into rods and spreading like weeds along his spine.  His chest broadened and shoulders emerged, from which stumps developed into limbs, toes and claws.  From his back rose pyramids that burst into wings.  Eyes widened and jaws ajar, his fellow Ophidians slithered away from him, The Mighty One transforming into a giant.
After the lightning had reshaped him, he pushed himself up with his new front limbs and bellowed with triumph.  Upon his urging, the Ophidians hid and watched while newly formed lucerians awoke across the parched slopes and plains, their protective membranes shrunken and dissolved into their skin.  With apparent eagerness and curiosity, they took in their surroundings and each other.  Language came to them naturally.  They bowed to the lightning that had created them and gave the life-giving force a name: Lucerie.  Drawn by their physical similarities, they gathered and formed groups, gave themselves names.  A clique existed for every lucerian, except the one with a head full of snakes.  Soon after she awoke, she stumbled from crowd to crowd.  Stoutans, skyriders, hotfeets, wetskins and tailwalkers.  All became curious about her unique appearance.  
“Do the snakes have individual thoughts?”
“How do you process all their different thoughts at the same time?”
The lone lucerian looked around, eyes reddened with grief.  How could she explain how it felt to be her?  No one else shared her multiplicity of beings.  
“You know what we are.  Tell us about yourself.  What shall we call you?” a stoutan asked. 
Her fiery lips quivered.  “A pluran…  I am a pluran…  I’m many and one.”  
Lying prone, Writhren jerked awake, tilting her head upward.  Her wet cheeks were brown with dirt, her lips pressed sideways, teeth glinting.  Engulfed with misery and rage, she was barely able to kneel.  Her throat swelled with an angry heat that spread to the rest of her internal organs so intensely she could have breathed fire.  The misfortune of her clan had never been a tragic accident, but the result of the Ophidians’ greed manifested in the nefarious spell of The Mighty One.  Had nature been allowed to run its course, there would not have been any covenant, any need for the shady procurement.  Kiri would still be alive, as would Junpo.  Their clan would have prospered like the others.  Instead, she and her kin sisters had become outsiders within Matikki, slaves to these mutant worms.
She leaned Thraxrath forward, the curved blade of the fire scythe sinking like a claw towards the unconscious culprit lying in front of her, his paws still heavy on the lifeless body of The Pale One.  As if sensing the sudden danger, The Mighty One stirred, iron spikes swinging and clanging like chimes.  Deep from his throat came a resonant rumble.  His eyelids danced, revealing crescents of white.
Writhren stood, eyes baleful upon the sole surviving Ophidian.  She wanted to kill him and had a good idea where his keane was: his mane of iron spikes extending from the top of his head to his tail that looked a mile long.  How could she sever it with a mere scythe?  Unlike the others of his kind, The Mighty One could fly.  Not only was he not bound to the ground, but a firm squeeze from his clawed feet would end her life.
Ironically, he was the last Ophidian, and she, possibly, the only pluran of childbearing age.  Should she dance with him, or kill him?  Either way would make her a traitor to her clan.  She would be an outcast not only in Matikki but also among the plurans.  This journey had been a cursed one.  All the killings, the injuries, the secrets revealed had left her despondent.  Even the anger brewing inside seemed insufficient to fuel her desire for this battle before her.  Short breath in, long breath out.  Short breath in…  Deflated, she hunched with defeat.  
Let the sleeping monster lie.  She turned her back on The Mighty One and trudged away from the burning tar pit.  Where she was, at the southeastern fringe of Grim Peaks, placed Gash Valley at least a four-day hike away.  This sulphuric hole, surrounded with the carcasses of maimed Ophidians, would soon be filled with vultures that could carry her to Siamese Peaks.  Her strides slowed.  Staying would seem sensible, if not for the threat that The Mighty One would awaken at any moment and condemn her to that inevitable confrontation.  More than anything, she longed for rest, for an escape from this endless emotional and physical turmoil.
She picked up her pace.  Under the moonless sky, the light level fell sharply as she moved away from the tar pit.  Even with her fire scythe she could barely see ahead in the vast darkness of these arid, treacherous hills.  Exhaustion had caught up with her.  Since she had flown to the Shadowlands this morning, she had been slaying Ophidians, one after another.  Now that the day’s trials seemed to be over, her stiff muscles ached.  A mile into her departure she sank down at the foot of the nearest hill.
Water had never tasted so sweet.  In spite of its scarcity, she took a few gulps from her waterskin, a reward rightfully deserved.  From afar, the glowing plain, strewn with remains and seemingly slumbering bodies, looked peaceful and chaotic.  Writhren wanted to feel sorrow for her deceased kin sisters, but the only emotion roiling in her veins was rage.
Since the dawn of lucerian history, plurans had been puppets to these Ophidians, who had turned them into unwitting accomplices in the murders of many to satisfy their greedy appetite.  She fixated on The Mighty One and seethed, frustrated that she had no idea how to kill this enormous mutant.  Would an army of plurans have made a difference?  Even if so, that would necessitate her revealing to her clan her role in the deaths of all the other Ophidians, a confession that would have made her, not The Mighty One, their prime enemy.  After all, because of her successive slayings, only one Ophidian remained, and he could not dance with his own progenies.  The bloodline of the plurans was doomed.
Writhren’s breathing grew heavy.  A century from now, plurans would disappear from Matikki.  Whose fault was it: hers or the Ophidians’?  Perhaps she was not so different from the draconic serpent she resented.  The only Ophidian left, The Mighty One would be useless for the perpetuation of their clan.  They no longer needed him, no longer needed to serve him.  The thought gave her lips a lift of satisfaction.
The wind turned gusty as the night progressed, and the hillside afforded no shelter from the westerly blasts.  The Shadowlands was a cursed place and she could not see herself ever returning if she made it out alive.  With no hope of sympathy or help from her kin sisters to avenge their clan’s tragic fate, she would be the only one facing The Mighty One, if she wanted to face him at all.  She could choose to walk away, return to Meheeba, but likely with no chance of ever becoming Rend Apex.  So much for her motivation behind this harrowing expedition.
If The Mighty One were allowed to live, he could turn her clan against her with his twisted stories.  He might also dance with his own progenies to extend the plurans’ servitude for as long as possible, ignoring the deformities that such malice could produce.  Within several generations, the plurans would be no different from the swampmob.  This monster had to die.  
If she could kill him, she would have full control of the story, of how the Ophidians fought amongst themselves and killed each other over dispute of their role in the plurans’ tragic fate.  She could tell Mother how she had rescued a number of kin sisters, but overwhelmed with fright, thirst and hunger, they gorged on the dead Ophidians against her advice and were all poisoned.  In spite of the tragedies at the Shadowlands, her courageousness, her strength of character and wit should earn her a good chance of becoming the next Rend Apex.  
She left the rucksack on the slope and emptied the contents of the waterskin into her mouth.  Between her and The Mighty One, one of them would not live to see sunrise.  With energy and determination renewed, she flew like a half-crazed moth towards the glowing tar pit.
Once she reached the flat valley her steps turned soft and careful.  From behind a boulder, she studied the Ophidian.  Although he had not moved since she had left him, his eyes appeared sentient, heavy and contemplative.  Beneath her battleskin, her heart palpitated.  She might be able to trick him into falling into the fire pit, but in her visions she had seen the Ophidians emerging from volcanoes.  For the most part, they seemed immune to fire.  Dancing with him might lower his guard, but the conundrum remained: how could she sever all his iron spikes, which she believed were his collective keane?  As long as his keane was intact, any wounds she inflicted on him would heal.  Her body was shaking all over.
Writhren held her breath.  The Mighty One finally blinked, sat up and inexplicably gazed in her direction.
“Child, come on out.  You can’t hide there forever.”  He nudged aside the limp carcass of The Pale One with a sneer.
As if entranced by his words, Writhren came out of hiding.  Fire from her scythe blade wavered in her unsteady hand.  This is it.  She would die tonight.
“You somehow got involved while they fought amongst themselves, didn’t you?”  He gestured at the bodies strewn around him.  “By accident, or through the ill advice of these bird-brained barbarians, you have ingested their body parts most prone to induce hallucinations.  I can see from your eyes that you’ve seen things.  You’ll be wise to dismiss them. 
I’ll fly you to Siamese Peaks.  From there, you can summon a kobakya to take you home.  Good pluran, you’ve tried, but I’m afraid none of your kin sisters survived this ordeal.  I’ll find my other siblings.  We’ll uphold the covenant and do what we can to help continue the bloodline of your clan.”
Writhren found her gait relaxing, her mind surrendering to the allure of rest and reprieve from a hard day of endless combat.  She was a warrior, a mortal nonetheless.  The Ophidian’s words sounded so comforting, his voice so deceptively pacifying.
He rose and approached her, his wings opened like arms beckoning.  She kept her distance, her eyeballs bloodshot with anger and fear.
He sighed.  “Come child, and rest on my back while I take you home.”
“No.  No, I can’t.”  She jabbed her fire scythe at him.  
He crouched.  His friendly demeanour turned guarded.  “I’m not your enemy, pluran.  I shielded you under my wing when these savages turned against me.  Remember?  But you don’t have to leave with me.  Good luck.”  He angled his body skyward.
“Wait.  How about a dance?  I’ve come all this way to save my kin sisters.”  She stared plaintively at the remains of the voluptuous pluran.  “Let me return to Gash Valley with child.  I don’t want to arrive home empty-handed.”
 He broke into a cold laugh.  “My gift is not a consolation prize.”  He turned away from her.
Heaving, she pointed Thraxrath towards him like an extension of her arm, a gnarled limb with a fiery claw.  “The covenant has always been a consolation prize, has it not?”
Slowly, he faced her, his fangs threatening through a crack in his scaled lips.  “You’re dancing with danger, pluran.  Don’t push your luck.”
She paced to her right, forcing him to move opposite her to maintain the necessary distance.  As the adrenaline coursed through her veins, the keanes she had consumed within a short time seemed to have a tertiary effect on her.  In addition to healing her wounds and giving her visions, the keanes were parts of the Ophidians that had become a permanent part of her.  Through the keanes, the dead Ophidians lived on, and every part of her body burned with foreign energy.  She felt their collective distaste for their sibling still breathing, their voices in her head cursing the millennia of oppression he had inflicted upon them.  They would admit their greed when they set eyes on the still-forming lucerians, but the covenant was an abomination that only The Mighty One could have conjured.
No longer did she feel helpless facing The Mighty One.  Alone, she might not be able to defeat the draconic mutant, but with the spirits of the dead Ophidians alive in her, she believed she could.  That faith, no matter how misguided, would see her through this impossible battle.
Her nemesis stopped pacing.  “I’m done dancing with you, pluran.  Too bad you’ve let the hallucinations into your head and you can’t think straight.  Goodbye.”  He launched himself into the air.
Holding Thraxrath by the pole’s end, she lunged forward and anchored the fire blade into his tail.  He groaned and whipped it around, but she hung onto her weapon and was lifted high.  As he continued to ascend, she clambered up the pole and onto his body.  
He stared back at her and hissed.  “You crazy mongrel.  What do you want?”
“I want you to die.  You mud worm, black curse from the sky, bastard from the bowels of the earth.  You stole our dignity, our freedom, and our future…”
Wings batting, he swung his tail, hoping to fling her loose, but having ridden an angry cliferan, not to mention quite a few unfriendly vultures, she had become the expert of never-letting-go.  
Frustrated, The Mighty One roared,
Growl, you proud mighty mouth of old,
The mongrel won’t do what she’s told.
Fearless they are, the new and young, 
Teach them respect, or we are done.
	Crackling travelled across the distance and snapped immediately above her, making her cower.  Sweat slicked her palms and her grip on the scaled tail slipped. 
The Mighty One continued,
Clear and loud, this child you’ll address,
Blast that confidence in excess—
Writhren, with her fired-up tonsils, fervently chanted,  
Ancient powers, most merciful and kind,
Lightning ne’er left the lone pluran behind.
Treachery came not from the stars, but he,
Who purloined our lightning and dignity.
Silence him — this thunder be a blunder,
Let him rot in shame, his pow’r I plunder.
Streamers forked from her tongue, and the sky obliged, the resulting silence broken only by The Mighty One’s mournful shriek.  Like an arrow, he arced back to the plain and dove into the burning tar pit.  With inexplicably fast reflexes, Writhren leapt off his tail just in time and rolled to the side.
As she recovered from the acrobatic manoeuvre, The Mighty One clambered up the edge of the pit, streaks of flaming tar flailing from his glittery skin.  “Mongrel, you dare steal my thunder.”
“To repay you for what you have done.”  She rose into a fighting stance.
He sneered.  “I’ll give you credit for your effort, but I’m done playing battle with you.  There is no match between us.  This so-called fight ends here.”  
“I agree.”  
He aimed his claws at her, and she picked up Thraxrath and ran.
Flapping his wings, he glided forward.  “Not even The Small One could outrun me.  Do you think you can do better than him?”
Writhren zigzagged between the rocks and chanted,
By the power of The Small One, who strikes with deadly speed, 
By the power of The Fiery One, whose anger is fearful indeed,
By the power of The Beautiful One, whose gaze will make you melt,
By the power of The Hungry One, who feeds to stretch his belt,
By the power of The Pale One, also called the Undead…
  Blue sparks burst in the air as The Mighty One clenched her in his claws.  She shrieked.  Her body radiated heat from the dire realization that death was near.  She would not be able to go home, to make Rend Apex, to at least avenge the centuries of her clan’s enslavement at the deceitful claws of this serpentine thief.  Her anger and disappointment were as deep and thick as the tar in the pit, and she felt them rising through her veins and out of her tear ducts, hot and red like lava.  
She cried, “I call to you, the powers of the Seventh Realm, in the names of Trishor, of Westith, of Fromor, of Raelith and Escaire, to sever the keane of this thief with powers undeserving.”
The Mighty One squeezed and cracked her ribs.  “They were right.  You’ve killed all of them.  You… are all of them.”
“I am many and one.”  She spat at him, her gaze fiery enough to burn.
Thunder clapped.  The sky was crawling with light streamers when The Mighty One flew her to the edge of the burning tar pit.  He swung his arm forward, but was unable to complete the motion.  He could not even open his claws, and she realized his joints had become too rigid for him to toss her into the flames.
Above, a curtain of lightning rained on his back, making him mutter in pain.  “Pluran… what have you done?”
His movements became increasingly stiff.  His otherwise shiny skin had taken on a glistening sheen.  Writhren, still clamped in his claws, took a harder look.  The Mighty One was sweating, the iron spikes on his back red hot under the shower of lightning.  Gradually, the skin around his iron mane began to curl and peel off.  His screams were harrowing.
With great effort, he pressed her down on the ground.  Much of his mane, heavy with the iron spikes, fell sideways into the fire pit as it was stripped from his back by the searing heat of the lightning.  Straining to move, he snapped one of his hot glowing spears from his head and heaved it towards her.  
“My name is Zevrhar, one of the seven from the Seventh Realm.  May you never earn what you desire.  You will steal what you want.  My name sets the curse.  My death shall bind it.”
He sank the iron spike into her heart, and through it, pulsing strands of lightning wrapped her like a cocoon.  Deep from her throat emanated a collective shriek, a sound unknown to her, as she writhed in ways more serpentine than lucerian.  The immense pain induced more tears that further bloodied her gaunt cheeks.  Fiercely she glared at him, wanting to make him melt.  
His claws still clutching the spike that pierced her heart, The Mighty One gradually froze, the anguish in his draconic face calming.  During her dying breaths, Writhren found herself witnessing a most unusual sight.  Lit by the flickering glow of the burning tar pit, the Mighty One transformed into a glittery stone statue.
15

“Spiky One, what have you done?”  The Pale One inched towards his oversized sibling, sand rubbing against his dull white belly.
“I have evolved.”  The giant Ophidian stomped the ground, and the land shook.  “I feel stronger than ever.  From now on, call me The Mighty One.  We shall dance with the lone pluran and give her children, and children to her children.”
“We are a teardrop from the Seventh Realm, assuming serpentine shapes formed from the flaming mud of this land.  We have no power to sire offspring,” The Small One protested.
“These creatures of lava and lightning, they are food, not family.  They are no different from the mole rats, the vultures and bumgrubs.  We hunt and eat them.  Any other interactions with them will be unholy,” huffed The Fiery One.  Flames on his pahoehoe skin roared with fury.
“I want nothing to do with it,” added The Beautiful One.
 “Quiet.”  The Mighty One swept a fearful gaze across the gathering, chilling his peers in their mud spines.  “The lightning has empowered me with new abilities from which new life can be created.  Pledge your fealty to me, and I will be happy to share this gift with you.”
The Cunning One was the first to bow, followed by The Hungry One, albeit with reluctance.
The Small One asked, “What’s in it for us?”
“The pluran is the only one of her kind.  With my newly gained divine powers, we are the only ones who can extend her bloodline, and this arrangement will lure her and her descendants back to the Shadowlands as surely as salmon swim upstream every year.  The more plurans we entice, the more food they can bring us.”
“What food?”
“The other lucerians, the stoutans, skyriders and whatever exotic species they can find, morsels that are tasty not just for their meat, but their souls.”
At these words, The Pale One assented, followed grudgingly by The Beautiful One.  The Small One nudged himself between them, and behind them crept The Fiery One, his flames mostly diminished.
All six of them gathered in a circle around The Mighty One, who plucked from his tail a collection of iron spikes.  “My keane, newly enhanced, bears the power to take us to a new era of abundance.  Now repeat after me…”  He held the spikes in his newly formed limbs and raised them to the sky.  “To The Mighty One.  To cornucopia.”  
He approached his siblings and jammed two of his iron spikes into each upper jaw, giving them fangs.  
*     *     *
Writhren sucked in a breath, then another, then a third before awakening with a jolt and a gasp.  Hovering above her were the giant claws of The Mighty One, clenching an invisible spike.  Grimacing, she wiggled out of the claws’ shadow and into the sun-streamed land.  She remained in a reclining position not far from the monolithic statue, trying to understand the strange sight in front of her.
All around the parched dale, vultures were feeding on the carcasses of dead Ophidians, and bit by bit, details of the long night at this cursed valley came back to her.  She still did not know how The Mighty One had turned into stone.  Spells had been cast, she remembered, and endless lightning had struck, powerful enough to sever his long iron mane.  
Also mysterious was the iron spike that he drove into her heart.  Death was certain.  What had changed?  Gingerly, she felt her ribs, almost scared to discover that they had all healed, then probed her left chest for the assurance of her heartbeats.  Since the iron spike was a part of his keane, had the lightning melted it, allowing her to absorb it and heal?  She recalled the vision the iron spike had conferred, a final chapter in the hidden story of the Ophidians’ conspiracy against her clan.  Her ruminations did not yield any answers to the mysteries.  
The sensation of thirst became acute as she eased upright next to the burning tar pit in a land without water.  Even her hair-snakes had curled into themselves in an effort to conserve moisture.  Time to leave.  As she hefted Thraxrath and approached the vultures, the birds became wary of her.  They had finally learned.  Unfortunately, they were her only way out of this barren land.  Without water, she would not survive the four-day hike to Siamese Peaks.  Her gaze, increasingly tense with anxiety, averted the vultures’ attention from the shredded carcasses and they cawed and flapped their wings.  Several of them took flight.
“No.  Don’t.”  
She paced with uncertain steps, scared of being left behind.  More and more birds lifted into the sky, and her heart pounded.  Ironic that she had survived the attacks of all seven Ophidians but might end up perishing in the Shadowlands from thirst.  She gave a sarcastic chuckle and let loose a single tear.  Her sadness did not placate the vultures, and they continued to head skyward, only to return as statues, smashed as they hit the ground.
Writhren blinked and wiped her cheeks.  From the scent and colour of her fingertips, she knew.  Once again, she was crying blood.  Back and forth, she stared at the fallen stone fowls and the statue of The Mighty One behind her.  At random, she selected a vulture and held the creature transfixed with her gaze while willing herself to tears, and within moments, the unfortunate bird turned grey and hardened like granite.  Apparently, killing the Ophidians, and more importantly, ingesting their keanes, had given her powers beyond her imagination.  Vaguely, she recalled moving faster than usual during her battle with The Mighty One, a strength that likely came from The Small One.  Had The Beautiful One bestowed her with his deadly gaze, but with a twist?  Instead of melting her victims, she turned them into stone?
The remaining vultures stayed still, their shoulders hunched, their gazes glued to the ground.  She gave them a warning glance and said, “No harm will come to you if one of you takes me to Siamese Peaks.”
Amid the cacophony of caws emerged the largest bird, hobbling meekly towards her.  She hopped on. 
*     *     *
Aloft, the air turned moist with a chilly bite to it.  It was autumn, after all.  Spending too much time in the Shadowlands made her forget about seasons and time.  The dark dry alps, marred with volcanoes and lava creeks, were always hot.  Even the heaviest snows barely settled. 
Writhren commanded the vulture to descend and as soon as she alighted she dropped her fire scythe and sank most of her upper body into a creek.  Her hair-snakes unfurled with glee.  The water was cold, but very refreshing, and she gulped like a fish until her stomach was full.  Stubborn were the blood and grime on her scaled skin, and she scrubbed it until her face and hands were red and warm.  The anticipated meeting with Mother made her nervous.  Unable to rescue any of her kin sisters, she risked not securing Mother’s vote as the next Rend Apex.  The selection process, open only to those in The Circle, should take place any day.
Urged on by the mid-morning sun, she summoned a kobakya to take her the rest of the way home.  Again, Gash Valley felt alarmingly quiet.  None of the chimneys emitted any smoke and none of the outdoor tools was out of place, as if advance plans had been made for a mass departure.  Had her clan decided to leave Gash Valley once and for all?  The presence of the horses and the goats told her otherwise.  Was it only yesterday that she had set out for the Shadowlands from this very vale?  What had happened?  How long had she been gone?
Near Mother’s hut, she told the kobakya to wait.  As expected, neither Mother nor her niece Avli was home.  There could be only a handful of reasons for such a collective absence.  With mounting fear, she searched Mother’s armoire.
“No… no-no-no.”  Sweat beaded between the scales of her neck. 
After a quick change of clothes, she dashed out of the house and returned to the kobakya, Thraxrath in hand.  “Take me to Mount Valour.”
From the sky, north-eastern Matikki looked deserted, though fleets of kobakyas were swarming in the west and heading south, clustering around the Serenity Sea.  Below, streams of lucerians were converging on the district of Keza, at the Champion Mountain Range, where at the summit of Mount Valour, blessings would be given to the new Rend Apex.
The kobakya dropped her near the ornate tents reserved for the district Arcs.  The ceremonial stage was almost ready.  She slipped in and out of the crowd, and amidst the noise and commotion, she found her way into the tent reserved for the Arc of Tarr.
Wearing a full ceremonial robe from the armoire at home, Mother turned, her wizened face tensed, acquiring a hint of pink at the sight of the unexpected visitor.  Settling on the fire blade, her cognac eyes lit up with caution.  “Tith… Writhren.  You came back.”  
She stiffened in Mother’s embrace.  The gold pin on her left chest, denoting her position as the Arc of Tarr, glinted in the sunlight filtering into the tent.  “Were you able to bring them all back?”
Writhren swallowed a lump in her throat and pushed herself gently away.  “Mother, members of The Circle have chosen a new Rend Apex, have they not?”
The Arc of Tarr adjusted her robe.  “The ceremony will begin in a candle-hour or two.  We’re waiting for everyone to arrive.”
“You didn’t say anything about this to me yesterday.”
“Writhren, you’ve been gone for five days.  The ballots were cast two evenings ago.  Everyone began their trip to Keza yesterday for the celebration.”  Mother took a seat by a table.
Writhren gripped one of the tent poles and strained to keep herself from shaking.  “Who is it?”
After a long pause, Mother said, “The announcement will be made at the ceremony.”
Writhren tensed.  “Is it me?”
Mother exhaled slowly, sighing before she broke into a grin.  She leaned forward to rise but Writhren strode over and pressed her into her seat with a firm hand on her bony shoulder.  Fire blade dipping ever so slightly towards the Arc of Tarr, she said, “Mother, who is it?  Who is the new Apex?”
Mother’s wrinkled gaze was steely.  Her lips remained a thin red line in spite of her strained countenance.
Writhren ground her teeth.  “I don’t want to hurt you, Mother.  Say something.”  
“I have much to share with you as a mother, and nothing as the Arc of Tarr.  Until the ceremony begins, the identity of the new Rend Apex belongs to The Circle.  Take your hand off me, or I’ll have you removed from this tent.”  Mother glanced at Wikkenclaw, the sleeved metal glove resting atop a wooden chest.
Writhren scrunched her nose and heaved.  “Mother, I need to know…  For everything that I’ve done for Matikki, for our clan, did you vouch for me?”   
The urgent desire wiggled inside her like a thousand snakes in her womb, shimmying along her arteries and causing an itch she could not scratch.  As soon as she removed her hand from Mother, she was seized by a rising tide of murderous emotions that elated and frustrated her.  Worse, she had no control over them.  Regardless of Mother’s frailty and her duty as Arc of Tarr, these snakes inside her would not calm until she knew the identity of the new Rend Apex.  A voice in her head reiterated haunting words:
My name is Trishor, one of the seven from the Seventh Realm.  May anger be the only emotion you will experience until your death.  Never shall you love and be loved in return…  
Had the curse of The Fiery One come true?
She dropped her fire scythe and hissed, wanting to dig her nails into her skin to relieve the elusive itch.  Increasingly, the ephemeral snakes swam up her veins and into her hair-snakes, giving her a reprieve from the maddening irritation.  She sighed with relief, startled by a sound from the corner.  She fumbled for the gnarled pole.  
Mother was standing next to the wooden chest.  Over her left hand, she had fitted Wikkenclaw while mumbling a spell.  Writhren hefted Thraxrath and readied herself, intense warmth suffusing her scalp.  From the corner of her eyes, she spotted a black speck floating in the air, then another, until the room was filled with them.  
Mother stopped chanting and pointed, her face contorted with horror.  “Your hair-snakes…”
Her crown of sapphire-tinged black snakes was emitting these black specks like soot from undulating chimneys.  
Mother hissed.  The black dust was landing on her, apparently eating through her clothes and into her skin.  Even her ivory hair-snakes were pockmarked with wounds resembling mosquito bites.  Writhren should rush to her aid but the desire was strangely lacking.  Instead of driving the dust away, she watched, studying in a detached way the bizarre scene unfolding in front of her, while Mother, her face screwed up with horror, resumed chanting with new urgency.  Blue sparks flickered and thin strands of light streamers wove in and out of the joints of Wikkenclaw as Mother moved the glove all over her exposed skin.  The glove, which could hurt as well as heal, evidently managed to soothe some of her pain but there was too much dust for her to fight.  From the multitude of pinholes came small pink bubbles that clustered and drifted towards Writhren.  
She ducked, but her hair-snakes appeared to be gobbling these ethereal grapes with eagerness and soon, her mind was invigorated with sensations and memories, not her own, but apparently Mother’s.  All of a sudden, she felt as if she had been there at The Circle on the night when the ballots were cast, inside the pahoehoe rotunda atop the Mercy Mountains with all fifteen district Arcs.  She recognized the pale wrinkled pair of hands that picked up a charcoal chalk and wrote down a name.
“Jip Hyridge.  You voted for Jip Hyridge,” Writhren accused her.
Mother stopped mumbling.  Her red slash of a mouth sagged and split, but no words came out, as if the black dust had stolen not just her memories, but her speech.  Pink bubbles continued to float from her wounds, leaving nothing but a facial expression of stillness and oblivion.  She stumbled and collapsed to the floor.  Her gloved hand, no longer moving with purpose, was aimless and listless.
Writhren crouched next to her mother, her mind bombarded with the revelation of the moment the votes were counted and the new Rend Apex was chosen, tainting the satisfaction of the knowledge with resentment and envy.  Before she could respond, more memories filled her mind, of the days Mother had shared with her siblings during her years in Meheeba.  Mother seemed happy, but whenever she was alone, she thought of her youngest daughter.  Regularly she visited Mend Zitka for blessings for her runaway child, prayers for her return.  Each bubble bore a shred of Mother’s life, and as it burst in her mind, Writhren delved deeper into Mother’s past, to the moment The Cunning One had named her, and Mother’s dislike.  Later, when Mother held her as a baby in her arms, with heart pounding, she gave her a different name.
The warmth in her scalp dissipated and the dust in the air had cleared.  Apparently, her hair-snakes had been sated.  She blinked and jerked backwards.  Mother was riddled with cauterised pinhole wounds, as if she had been pricked repeatedly with an incense stick.  Her body was limp, and her hand clutched her left chest.  Apparently, a cardiac arrest had taken her life.  Her eyes remained open, evincing defiance in death.  Writhren expected a rush of sadness, but it never came.  Maybe due to decades of being a warrior; maybe because of the Ophidian curses.  She didn’t know; she didn’t care.  In the inexplicit void of emotion, only numbness offered shallow comfort.  Slowly, she stood and distanced herself from the body.
“You should have called me Wriven, and then none of this would have happened.”  Quietly, she slipped out of the tent.
Her fury over being denied Rend Apex consumed her.  Her fellow lucerians needed to learn of the powers she now possessed, and it did not make sense for anyone but her to lead and protect this luscious, tumultuous land.  With the noonday sun oblique in the sky, Writhren, pumped with new energy and fervour, stepped onto the ceremonial stage and stomped the wooden floor with her blazing staff.  
The Mends in their white robes and beaded necklaces sent her stern glares.  Despite the smoking sage held in their hands releasing a strong soothing aroma, her fury remained.  Quickly, she drove them from the stage.  Rends rushed up the steps, but she stopped them and yelled, “Jip Hyridge.  Come on up, Jip Hyridge.”
From the crowd a brown muscular stoutan with an equine bust approached.  As soon as he identified himself, Writhren paced and examined him intently, fuelling hatred for this stoutan she hardly knew.  How dare he steal her title?  Her eyes glazed with tears of vengeance, and Jip, who had kept a cautious distance from her, grew rigid.  His eyes bulged with concern and his face tensed with pain.  His neck and his lips quivered, as if he were trying to say something.  In front of the hundreds of thousands gathered at Mount Valour, Jip Hyridge had turned into stone.
Writhren kicked the statue to the floor.  “Behold, everyone, the presumed Rend Apex chosen by The Circle.  So much for their wisdom…”
The audience buzzed with hope and horror, opinions sharply divided.  Some yelled up at her; others cheered her magnificent power.  Neither the Mends nor the district Arcs could pacify the crowd.  
“I, Writhren Hollow, bestowed with powers from the divine realms, am the only Rend Apex you shall ever need.  Pledge your allegiance to me and I’ll offer you my service, my protection, my life.”
Some raised their fists and cheered, while others voiced the need to respect The Circle’s right to decide.  Seeing that support from the crowd could not be unanimous, she gestured at the stone statue and said, “If you wish to be protected by someone like Jip Hyridge, go ahead.  Your days will be numbered.  For those who prefer to forge a nation strong and powerful, united under my protection, follow me.”
She strode from the stage.  While many remained in their seats, seemingly in shock, an extending line of lucerians began to follow her down from the summit of Mount Valour.  Under her direction, a fleet of kobakyas was summoned to take them northeast to Last Peak, edging Blackwoods Mountain of the Shadowlands.  
The group settled and set up temporary camp, some making mulled wine for warmth during the impending chilly night, others preparing to hunt.  Writhren regarded her fellow dissidents, young and old, numbering in the thousands, and felt a rare tickle of giddiness.  Finally, she had found fellow lucerians who believed in her, acknowledged her right to lead.  
She stepped onto a rock and said, “Lucerians, the time is now for the strong to rule Matikki.  We will use this area as our base, conveniently close to Pya with access to the kobakyas.  We will exert our influence from the north and the east, securing our access to the northern seas, while we fight for control of the Serenity Sea and ultimately, Keza.  Sooner or later, others will rue their failure to recognize my gifts as a warrior.”
The crowd chanted, “Apex.  Apex.  Apex…” 
An elderly tailwalker with peppered scaly limbs handed her a cup of mulled wine, the sweet scents of cinnamon and creeping cloves filling the air.  With his finger pricked, the tailwalker drew with his blood a red line from the centre of Writhren’s forehead down to her nose, the revered symbol of the Rend Apex.  Her face split with a wide smile.  
Raising her cup, she declared, “To power.  To victory.  To glory.”


-  THE END  -
