Damariscove

By Jeremy Cook
The Island
The sun glistened off the sparkling water. The air was crystal clear, as the fog had just lifted off the coast, allowing the bright rays of the sun to shine down on the deep blue ocean water. The cool, crisp May air ruffled through the trees and grasses that lined the coastal islands. The sea salt permeated the cool morning air, giving off a clean, sharp scent. This was the kind of morning when Aran loved to be on the ocean. It was just cool enough not to sweat, but just enough warmth from the sun so that he didn't need to bundle up. It was a beautiful Saturday morning and he was headed for his favorite spot. Aran loved living on the coast of Maine and it was mornings like this that reminded him of why. He had always lived in Maine. He was born in Maine, grew up in the same house and, as far as he was concerned, he was going to die in Maine. The ocean was where he belonged and the Maine coast was the perfect place to for him be.

 As Aran slowly paddled his kayak past lobster pots and seagulls, he relished the thought of navigating the channel and heading into his perfect little cove. Every Saturday, he would load up his kayak with his notepad, a lunch and his phone and paddle out from his house to his favorite island. Aran was an avid writer and he found that the quiet and peace of the island gave him the best outlet for his stories. Sure, he wrote on other days and in other places, but he always felt his work on Damariscove was straight from his soul. The journey took him nearly two hours from his house in East Boothbay, but he didn't care. Once he was on the ocean, time had no meaning. Each paddle stroke was like music to his ears and each rumble of surf pounding on the rocks was symphony written and composed just for him. As he headed past Squirrel Island, he could see Damariscove sitting out in front of him, waiting to greet him as she did each weekend. 
Getting there was part of what he liked about his weekend excursion. The only way to get onto the island was through its one and only cove. The cove was accessible through a single channel that stretched into the open ocean like the neck to a bottle of vintage wine. Aran had navigated the waters countless times, so much so he felt as if he new every rock and every ripple of water. Round the large buoy and head straight down towards the inlet was the only trick, making sure to avoid the razor sharp rocks that lined either side on the channel, waiting to slice open anyone who ventured too far to either side. The only warning they gave is the white foam of breakwater when the tide was low enough. 

This morning was a particularly easy paddle as the weather had been calm for days, keeping the swells of the open waters subdued. Aran paddled down the channel, always looking at the breaking surf on either side serving as a warning against being careless. He liked to remember the time he and his friend Tuck took the SeaRay through the channel on a particularly rough morning. The swells were rolling the boat from side to side and on more than one occasion, the ocean would send the little craft dangerously close to the rocky edges. Tuck had been able to correct it each time, but it made for a harrowing experience. They ended up waiting on the island until it was nearly dark before the swells finally subsided and they could head back out the channel. 
But today the paddling was swift and light and before he knew it, Aran had passed the rocks and into the cove, leaving any trace of rough water behind. The cove was so sheltered from the wind and waves; it was calm even on some of the roughest of Maine days. To say that cove was small would be an understatement as there were two public moorings, and a small, wooden dock for dropping people off or tying up a dinghy. Most days there was at least a sailboat or two in the cove, but today only the caretakers little sailboat and Boston Whaler were tied up on the private moorings reserved for the families that took care of the island in the high season.

The island was donated to the government of Maine many years ago, but the old coast guard station was still privately owned. The owners always invited caretaker families to spend some time on the island in the warm season and look after the old station. The family that had been taking care of the house for the past two summers were from a little ways down the coast.  He looked forward to seeing them each Saturday and they would often invite him to breakfast if he came to the island in time. This morning was no different. As he headed for the small dock, he could see Mrs. Akers waving to him from the porch of the grey guard station. He waved back kindly and paddled the kayak to make a smooth and perfect approach to the dock. He tied up, grabbed his bag and hopped out the boat.

Aran was a tall for his age standing about six feet with brown hair and dark brown eyes. He was a well-built kid for seventeen, with broad shoulders and thick, sturdy legs. He was the kind of kid who the football coaches always begged to play, but could never convince. On the whole he was happy with his life. His parents were easy-going, his home-life was stress free and calm and he lived on the ocean; his favorite place to be. He was not the most popular boy in school, but he was by no means an outcast, and was friends with people from all walks of school life. He liked not being part of a single group, but a bit of a loner who could mix and blend with most anyone. Even though he had many friends in school, Aran still preferred to be alone more often than most teenagers his age. His parents generally left him alone to his writing, although his mom often worried that he spent too much time on his own and not enough time playing and socializing with his friends like a typical teenager. But Aran was not a typical teenager and many people mistook him for much older that he really was, often not believing that he was just a junior in high school. He felt things deeply, but rarely showed his emotions on the outside, instead choosing to keep his feelings private with his writing as his outlet for the pent up thoughts and emotions he experienced. 
He spent his days with his pencil in hand and his writing notebooks in his lap, scrawling down story ideas, character traits and magnificent settings. His stories were incredible, although he rarely allowed anyone to read them. He guarded them like he guarded himself, never really trusting anyone and keeping his characters and plots that graced the vivid stories to himself.
 There had been one time he had shared one of his most prized and sweeping stories with a girl he liked in school only to have her take his story and turn it into the English teacher as her own. He never forgot the standing ovation she got after she read the story in front of the class and how he so wanted to shout out, to call her to the carpet for what she was; a thief. But he never did. He let it go and instead, closed his book of stories to anyone but himself. Not even his parents got to read his stories.
It was during this time of closing off his writing that he discovered his affection for the island. After his trust was betrayed and his story stolen and reused like a cheap tin can, he grabbed his backpack, pencil and notebook and headed out in his kayak. Paddling longer and harder than he had ever paddled before in his life, he found himself on the south side of Damariscove Island, looking at the windswept grasses and rocky shoreline. Paddling down the channel he headed for the harbor and took solace in the quiet of the island and the solemnness of its character. The island itself was like a character in one of his stories. Vivid and lively with its own personality and presence, the island became a central figure in Aran’s life, a second home where he could leave the real world behind and play in his imagination. That fateful day was still cold and the guard station was closed up for the winter, leaving the island calm and deserted. He walked around until he found the perfect spot on the top of a knoll where he just sat and cried. He wasn’t even sure the exact reason he was crying, but regardless, his emotions came pouring out like a faucet, tears streaking down his cheeks and pattering on the bright white lined paper of his journal. 
It was that day he fell in love with the island and from then on, he returned each week no matter the weather or what was happening in his life to that very knoll and spent the day writing and reflecting. His thoughts often wandering in a completely different place than his body.

He pulled up the kayak up onto the wooden dock and stowed the paddles inside the small hull. He shouldered his backpack and headed for the guard station, hoping spend time with the Aker family before heading to his special spot for the day. The large grey building that once served as the coast guard station was a typical Maine coast building with the dominant part of the structure being a tall tower shaped like a lighthouse. The grey wood paneled siding and the white window shutters helped to block the glass from the pounding of the coastal weather that often ravaged the outer island. From the top of the tower you could see all across the island and down the channel towards the endless horizon of the open Atlantic. The coast guard once used the station to keep an eye on the rocky shores for ships that might run aground on the shallow and dangerous waters that surrounded the island. Since the station closed, it had been a private residence and many efforts had been made to turn it into a home where people could be comfortable and enjoy the beauty of its surroundings. As he rounded the house the porch came into view with the familiar faces of the Akers family eating at the wooden table that faced the harbor. 
He met the Aker family last year when they came to the island to take care of the home for the summer months. He always introduced himself to whoever the caretaker family was since he was such a frequent visitor to the island. Mrs. Akers had taken to Aran and often would walk with him around the island, talking about all sorts of things ranging from school to girls, basketball to writing. He was convinced she took such a liking to him because she had two older daughters and no sons. 
"Ready for some breakfast?" she called out to him as he came into view. "French toast and waffles." 
"I’d love some," he answered as he took off his bag and sat down at the long table that was set out on the porch. 
The Akers family were already sitting down drinking juice and waiting for the main course to arrive, enjoying the crisp, salt air. Mr. Akers was a short, thin man with a weathered face that told you he spent his life on the cold Atlantic waters. He was a lobsterman, boating around each day, pulling up traps and emptying their contents. In his older age he started to lessen his workload, taking off large chunks of time in the spring and fall to relax on the island. The work of a lobsterman was grueling and cold. They had to go out on the water regardless of the weather and in Maine, the weather could be brutal and bitter. He would often tell Aran stories of how his fingers would be so cold at the end of the day that they throbbed with a pain that was almost unexplainable. His two daughters were close to Aran's age, Liz being thirteen and Elle being sixteen. Although he liked them both, he had a bit of a crush on Elle. She was shorter than he was with long red hair that hung down her back and swayed two and fro as she walked. She was on of those athletic and sporty girls, which made her even more attractive to Aran. Nothing, however, could match the feeling he got when he looked at her face and into her eyes. In all his life he had never seen someone with such a kind and beautiful face and he often found himself lost in her beauty. Her soft, blue eyes were so warm and inviting he felt as if he could look upon them forever. There was no doubt about it, he was completely crazy about her and spent the whole winter thinking about how he was going to ask her out. 
The two of them had become quite close over the previous summer and he was so excited to discover that the family was returning for another summer in the house. Most of the time, a family would stay for a single year and then move on, but the Akers were good friends of the owners, so they came back for a second season. The girls attended a private school during the week and came to the island on the weekends, so Aran got to see them even though school was still in session. The fact that he could see Elle and enjoy the serenity of the island at the same time was something he felt very grateful for.
Aran sat down at the table, dropped his bag on the ground and pulled out his notebook. 
"What are you working on?" Elle asked as Aran placed the book on the table. 
"I have a few things that I'm working on. None of them are really fleshed out though." 
Aran loved to talk to Elle. She was smart, funny and he loved to listen to her talk about school and anything else that was on her mind. She did seem a bit put off by the fact that Aran wouldn’t let her read his stories even though he explained that he still felt so unsure of sharing his ideas after what had happened in the past. He had been running the idea of letting her read his newly completed story through his mind for weeks and he finally felt it might be the right time to let her see it. If he was going to progress his relationship with her, he was going to have to show her that he trusted her and the first step would be to let her read his story. 
"I have one story that’s nearly complete," he said, trembling a bit as he spoke. "I’d really be honored if you would read it through and let me know what you think." 
As he spoke, he realized what the gesture really meant especially as Elle's face broke into a wide smile.
"I’d love to read your story,” she said softly, “I thought you’d never ask."
Aran smiled weakly. "I haven't shared my writing with anyone for a long time," he replied. "Not even my mom gets to read my work anymore." 
He chuckled a bit and took another bite, but Elle was silent. He knew this was the moment he’d been waiting for. This was the first step in a journey that would hopefully lead to something magical between the two of them. He reached into his bag, took out his blue notebook and handed it to her, brushing her hand as she took it. He felt a surge of feelings as her soft hand touched his. She took the book and placed her hand on the cover, running her fingers down the front and stroking the smooth cardboard binding.
"This means a lot that you would let me read this," she confessed. "I have always wondered what you could be writing about with all with all those hours you spend up on the bluff." 
As if she knew what Aran was thinking, she placed the book on the table without opening it. 
"I’ll read that today," she whispered. "It’ll be nice to have something to read on our sail today."
The Akers owned two boats that they moored in the harbor while they stayed on the island. The thirty-four foot sailboat was their pride and joy and they would always spend one weekend day out on the water, enjoying the beauty of the rocky coast. Aran had joined them several times in a sail around the neighboring islands and he loved being out on the water with Elle.  The other boat was a twenty-foot Boston Whaler that they used mainly to get to town or to go out fishing or cruising.
"Where are you sailing to today?" Aran casually asked as he finished his breakfast.
"We’re going to sail around the point then head to town to do some shopping and have some lunch," Mr. Akers replied. "We haven't had a nice excursion into town this year, so we thought that today would be as good as any." 
Mr. Akers stood up and picked up his plate. "Besides, today is the first day that many of the stores will open for the summer season." 
They finished up their breakfast while chatting about the weather and the approaching summer holidays. Aran was happy to hear that the girls would be finished school and coming to the island full time in just a couple of weeks. This was going to be the summer where he officially asked Elle out on a date. He had been thinking about it all winter long, planning how he would ask and what he would say. He actually had a little notebook where he wrote down lines that he could use if he got stuck. 
When he first saw her earlier in the season, he was so afraid that she had found someone during the winter, making her unavailable. The constant thought of her with someone else had often made his winter days miserable and lonely. He spent the entire fall and winter cursing himself for not getting her phone number, or at least, her email address. He had no way to get in contact with her and it killed him to not see or hear from her for such a long time. 
It took him a few days of beating around the bush and asking round about questions to discover if she had found anyone over the school year. His stomach eased when she told him she was still unattached and that nothing happened over the winter except a few dates and a couple of dances. It made him nervous just thinking about asking her out, but as he looked at her sitting at the table, wind ruffling though her long hair, he knew that he had to muster the courage before someone else did.
They finished breakfast and cleaned up the dishes and remaining clutter on the table. Aran was hoping that Elle would be able to take a walk with him, but the family was heading into town right after breakfast. He thanked Mrs. Akers for the food, said goodbye and started on his way across the island to his favorite spot. He was about half way down the path to the dock when he heard Elle calling out to him.
"Aran, wait up a second." She came running down the grass to catch up. 
Aran turned around, his heart in his throat.
"Do you want to come with us?" she asked, breathless as she caught up. 
Aran thought for a moment. He would love to go with Elle and spend time with her on the boat, but something was holding him back and he was still so nervous about what he wanted to say to her. He was also a bit reluctant because he disliked shopping and strolling and feared the day would be spent with Mr. Akers sitting on a bench waiting for the girls to browse through the town’s boutiques and shops.
"Thanks, but maybe next time" he said softly, regretting the words even as they left his mouth. 
Elle seemed disappointed at hearing his answer and Aran could see it on her face. He hated the look she gave, but for some reason he just couldn’t bring himself to change his answer.
"When you get back, come up to see me. I’d love to have some company out there; someone to talk to"
Elle smiled and looked at the ground, avoiding eye contact and blushing at the same time. Aran knew that he might have just fixed any awkwardness he caused by not accepting her offer. He never asked anyone to join him on the bluff and he could tell that Elle knew it was a special moment, even though it went unspoken. 
"I’d love that," she replied softly, lifting her head and looking into his eyes. She then smiled and before he could even react she leaned in and kissed him on the cheek, her soft lips caressing his cold face. Aran blushed, clearly taken aback by her sudden act of intimacy and she just stood there smiling at him. 
Without thinking, he leaned in himself and kissed her back, but on the lips instead. It was magical and he could feel his blood pump and his heart race as their two lips locked together. He released the kiss slowly and looked back into her sparkling eyes. He could tell that she was caught off guard, but her smile and flushed face told him that she had enjoyed the moment. He was about to say something to her, but before he could form the words she quickly turned around and bounded back up the hill toward the house, leaving him in a frozen state.
"I’ll come up as soon as I get back," she called back to him. "Wait for me, okay?"
"I will. I promise," he called back. 
At the sound of his words, she sauntered up to the house, anxious to get the boat trip started.
The Storm Hits
The walk to the bluff took Aran about a half of an hour as he took his time strolling along thinking about Elle and their kiss. He could think of little else but her since the end of last summer and now his mind was truly racing after what had just happened between the two of them. So many questions were rolling around in his head now that he could barely keep himself from tripping and falling on the uneven ground. This morning had moved up his mental timetable for divulging to her his true feelings, making it obvious that he had to talk to her sooner rather than later. After he kissed her that morning, he couldn’t just leave it sitting out there like and elephant in the room. 
Originally he planned on waiting until June, or at least until he could spend more time with her to get a better idea of how she might be feeling about him, but today he got his answer. But now he had made the decision to tell her as soon as she came back to see him. His stomach felt weak and his heart pounded at the thought of how he was going to start the conversation. Over and over again, he played out the words in his mind as he slowly made his way across the island. 
When she kissed him on the cheek it was like time stood still and world around him came to a sudden halt, freezing the two of them in a single moment. All he could feel was the warmth of her kiss, the soft, moist touch of her lips against his own, connecting them together for the first time. He could hardly think of anything else but Elle as he trudged across the barren island.
Damariscove, due to its location and brutal winter winds, was almost devoid of trees and tall vegetation. Only low shrubs and grasses could survive the harsh Atlantic’s wrath, beating upon the rocky bluff with brute force. Aran picked his way through the grasses and past the inland pond that sat in the center of the southern portion of the island, which, depending on the time of year was often stale and murky. Today, it was filled with fresh rainwater from the storms earlier in the week, giving it a strange, turquoise look to the surface. 
In order to get to his favorite spot, he had to cross a narrow spit of rocks that connected the two parts of the island together and some days, when the surf was rough and the tide was high, Aran was unable to cross, forcing him to stay on the south side of the island. But the tide was low and the sea was calm and gentle, so crossing was a simple matter of balancing on the sharp rocks. He stepped from rock to rock, being careful not to slip until he reached the far side of the neck and stepped out onto the northern part of the island. He enjoyed the trek out to the bluff, taking in the fresh salt air and smelling the familiar and wonderful scent of the sea. When he finally arrived at the top of the small hill that looked out over the mainland and the other neighboring islands, he put his book and pencil down and closed his eyes. The sounds of the surf and the smell of the sea air cleansed his brain and made his thoughts flow more freely. 
Today, however, his mind was aflutter with thoughts and feelings of Elle and he could already tell that it was going to be difficult to concentrate on his writing.  He opened his eyes and looked across the water, taking in the beautiful views and trying to decide how to proceed despite his current mental state. The view was magnificent that day, with the crystal blue sky mingling with the dark blue bay waters, mixing together like a fine work of art. He could see the houses on Squirrel Island sitting on the rocky edge of the sea, facing the open ocean and providing the owners a fantastic vista. He could see Ram Island Lighthouse, sitting on it's own little rock, warning boats of the approaching shallows. Running in and our of the inlets and waterways between them, were dozens of powerboats and sailboats, filled with residents and tourist all trying to take advantage of the miraculous spring weather they were having. 
After a few moments of taking in the view, he opened his notebook and flipped forward to where he left off the last time he came up to the island. He wasn't quite sure whether he was going to continue with a previous story or begin a new one. He sat staring at the final sentence of his story, trying to pull up some source of inspiration to continue what he had started. 
After quite a long time of staring, he finally decided to put his old notebook away and take out a new one, opening its stiff cover and exposing the fresh, bright pages. He had always wanted to try to write a book of poems, but he never really had the inspiration, or the motive to begin one. Now, with his possible relationship with Elle, he wanted to try his hand at writing down feelings and imagery that could explain how he now felt inside. 
He grabbed his pencil and began to scribble down words furiously on the page with almost no sense of order or reason. He felt his pencil moving at a speed that he had never experienced before as the words flowed across the page like split milk, coming faster than his pencil could move, but yet still making sense to him as he wrote. 
Before he realized it, he had written a page of words with both meaning and beauty and they blended themselves together like a beautifully woven tapestry. He shook his hand and looked down at what he wrote, skimming the words and taking in the images that they conjured.
Again he closed his eyes and imagined Elle. He imagined her standing on the bow of the sailboat, wind in her red hair, eyes closed and holding her arms out to her side in the cool sea breeze. She was an angel and he so desperately wanted to see her, to hold her tight in his arms, kiss her cheek and slide his hand into hers. He wanted to sit and talk for hours. His mind was fixated on her, making the image seem so real and wonderful, but it was the sound of his phone that knocked him out of his trance. 
He reached for his bag, unzipped the front pocket and grabbed for his phone, sliding back the lock button and answering the call. Nothing. There was no one on the other end; just dead silence met his ear. He shrugged his shoulders, put the phone down on top of his bag and glanced to the horizon. As he did something caught his eye, giving him reason to pause and focus his attention. He squinted against the bright golden sunlight in complete disbelief at what he was seeing.
  Several lines of black smoke were arching towards the sky, clearly visible on the horizon above the mainland and the town of Boothbay. Some of them were thin and wispy like plumes of smoke from a chimney, but others were thick and heavy as if several people had started brush fires all at once. Not only did the smoke draw his concern, but he swore that he could hear faint sounds of car horns, sirens and rumblings like distant thunderclaps coming from someplace out of his sight. He cupped his hand to his ear to listen, trying to discern the muffled sounds he was hearing, but the wind was gently blowing off the water, pushing the sounds away from the island and over the mainland. After a moment of trying, he gave up and returned looking at the smoke plumes that were increasing in both size and number all across the horizon. 
Again his phone rang, breaking the silence and startling him a bit. He picked it up and squinted in the light to try to see who it was. Although the sunlight made it hard to see, he could make out the words "mom calling."  
“Hey mom,” he answered
"Aran? Aran?" his mom called from the other end, clear panic in her voice.
"Mom, are you there? What do you need?” he said. 
"Oh thank God," she whispered. "You're okay"
Aran was puzzled. Why wouldn’t be okay? He had come out to Damariscove for years now and she had never been worried before. Why today with the weather so calm and tranquil?
"Mom, what's wrong?" he said, trying to stay calm himself.
"Listen, Aran," she said quietly, "Are there any people on the island with you? Anyone?" 
Aran glanced back to the harbor to see if anyone had moored or docked up since he was last there with the Akers, but there were no sailboat masts in the harbor and he could see no visible signs of anyone else around.
"I don’t think so. The Akers left for town a while back." He replied, “I can’t be positive though. Why does it matter?”
"Good," she sighed, "Listen to me. You have to stay on the island. DO NOT come back here. I don't care what you hear or see, you have to stay there." 
"What’s going on Mom?" he said nervously "What’s happening? I see smoke over the mainland." 
The phone was silent for a moment, not a word from his mother until he realized that she was quietly crying on the other end of the line. In the memories of his childhood, he could remember only a handful of times that his mother cried and they were when something really terrible had happened. 
He remembered her crying at his grandfather’s funeral, sobbing into his father’s shoulder as they brought the casket down to rest for the viewing. He had died suddenly in the night, without any warning and she had taken that really hard. For the most part his mother was a strong and confident woman who always took change and acted in control, so hearing her crying on the other end of the phone, so meek and quiet gave him a horrible feeling in the pit of his stomach.
"I love you Aran,” she whispered in a barely audible voice. “Please don't leave that island and don't tell anyone where you are. If anyone comes on the island, you hide. Okay."
"Mom, what is happening?" he cried into the phone.
The other end of the line was silent. There wasn’t a sound. The call had ended and he was left with nothing but questions; questions laced with sheer terror. He tried to call back, but the connection wouldn’t go through. Panicking, he tried over and over again with the same result. With tears streaming down his face he dropped to his knees, unable to grasp what was happening, his head swimming and his heart racing in his chest. 
Aran's face was pale and afraid, his mind churning with so many questions and no answers to satisfy them. He opened his phone app and re-dialed his mother one more time, just to make sure. This time the call connected and hope rose within his mind, but to his dismay the phone rang and rang with no answer. Frustrated, he tried his father's cell phone and got the same response. The fear was continuing to build inside him and his mind continued to race in circles trying to make sense of his mother’s cryptic and bizarre phone call. With each passing second, the fear and panic kept building, reaching near fever pitch. He tried to focus his mind and think clearly before he went completely out of control and lost rational function. 
He dialed 911, hoping that someone could at least go and check in on his mother, he didn’t care if he got in trouble, this was an emergency for him. The first attempt was unsuccessful, the call not connecting. He tried again and got the same result. He tried several times after that, with nothing but a lost connection. He opened his address book and started dialing numbers from his contact list, trying desperately to get a human voice that could help him explain what was happening, to make sense of it all. 
Down the list he went, dialing his friends and family, all with the same result, either no answer or no connection. When he reached his friend Tuck, he could barely keep his hands still enough to hit the call button, shaking with fear and anticipation. With each passing ring, his heart tightened as he fought the urge to scream into the ringing phone, scream for help that he wasn’t receiving. All he could hear was his mothers voice over and over in his head telling him to stay on the island and her nearly silent tears of fear coming through the receiver. As the phone continued to ring, trying to connect with Tuck, Aran was silently counting the rings to keep his mind from going completely haywire. Then just as he was about to give up hope, a click on the other end and the familiar voice of Tuck answered.
"Tuck, Tuck," he yelled into the phone. "What the hell is happening?"
He heard nothing for a second, nothing but dead silence on the other end and then Tuck's voice came across the line, but quiet and afraid.
"Where are you?" he answered in a low, scared voice. 
"Forget where I am,” Aran blurted, “tell me what the hell is going on" 
"Please, just tell me where you are,” he whimpered, “I don't have time to explain.”
Aran couldn’t think, he couldn’t even move and he remembered how his Mom had been so adamant about not telling anyone where he was. Did she mean anyone or just strangers? Tuck was one of his closest and oldest friends, how could he not tell him where he was? Whatever was happening out there, if his Mom believed the island was a safe place, then Tuck would be safe too and he just couldn’t see what could be bad about that. 
But there was something eating at his mind, tearing apart his thoughts and a deep feeling in his gut told him to just hang up and forget it. But how could he leave Tuck to whatever they were facing on the mainland? How could he just hang up the phone? In a moment of shear impulse he blurted into the phone, completely ignoring his mother’s last words of warning and telling Tuck where he was.
"I'm over on Damariscove, up on the bluff at the end of the island," he said quickly before he changed his mind, "Now what the hell is going on?" 
"I'm gonna try and get over there,” Tuck said between great gasps of air. “I don't know if I can make it." 
Tuck’s voice trailed off and the phone disconnected, leaving Aran with nothing but a dead line for the second time. He tried to call back, but he couldn’t get a connection and as he tried more numbers, he found there was just no connection at all. How he wished he hadn't blown his data plan out of the water, causing his Mom to disconnect his internet service for a month. Without the Internet or phone he couldn't connect to the real world, which seemed to be experiencing some sort of crisis. The smoke was much heavier now, billowing from the shores like giant black curtains. 
He was alone on the island and it was clear that whatever was happening on the mainland was not happening out on Damariscove. He looked all around, his senses now prickled and on edge, looking for any signs of people on this island, for the danger his mom was worried about. Part of him felt relieved that he was safe from whatever was happening, but he had never felt so alone and isolated before. For the first time, he felt trapped on the island, like a rat in a cage and his urge to grab his kayak and paddle back to his house, burst though the back door and hug his mother was overpowering his rational thoughts. He wanted to leave and go to his family, he wanted to know what was happening to them, but instead he was alone and scared on the far end of a tiny island, wondering what terrors the people on the shore were going through. 
Aran quickly gathered his things, shoved them into his backpack and threw it over his shoulders, breaking into a flat run towards the house with so many images running through his head and so many questions spinning around in his mind. He needed to get to the house and get inside; he needed to get out of the open. He suddenly felt so vulnerable outside, so visible, and there was nothing out on the end of the island to give him cover, to hide him from the view of world. He was sure that the Aker's would have a television or internet that he could use to get some answers to what might have happened. There would surely be something on the local news or a story on web. 
He bounded down the grassy path, but as he neared the thin neck of rocks that connected the two parts of the island, he stopped short and his heart began to beat in his chest harder than he'd ever remembered. 
Out on the water, he saw a powerboat speeding toward the island at a great clip and from his vantage point he could tell it was a fairly large vessel. Aran stood fixated on the craft as it barreled toward the island, not slowing down or changing direction. His mother’s words were running through his mind over and over again and he could almost hear her panic. 
“If anyone comes to the island, run and hide. Don't tell anyone where you are.” 
If these people got on the island, what would he do? Where would he go? He focused back on the boat and as it approached. Aran suddenly realized that it was going way to fast to be stopping on the island. The boat sped toward the neck of the island without wavering or turning, like an arrow heading for its target, straight and true. Aran jumped down the large boulders and ran toward the edge of the rocks, waving his arms back and forth and shouting at the top of his lungs. He was determined to get the boat driver's attention before it was too late. What were they thinking? Did they not know that the neck of the island was nothing but razor sharp rocks covered in dark, slippery seaweed? Maybe they didn’t know the waters, but they had to have seen by now, they had to have seen that the neck was a solid wall.
"Stop!" he screamed as the boat continued to hurl itself toward the rocks.
The boat was clearly not stopping. Aran couldn't watch; hiding his eyes from what he knew was now inevitable. The boat, which showing no signs of slowing or any attempts to correct its course, slammed into the rocks on the neck of the island with a sickening crunch. 
The collision was catastrophic. The fiberglass hull shattered against the sharp rocks sending pieces of the boat into the air in every direction and launching the remaining part of the craft up into the neck. The motor roared as the stern rose out of the water, exposing the propellers to the air before smashing back down against the barnacles. The boat landed back down with another lurch and tilted to the side, sinking the shallow waters just below the line of rocks making up the narrow neck of the island. 
Aran dropped down to where the boat was quickly sinking in the freezing ocean waters. The climb down was not easy. The rocks were slippery and covered with seaweed making each step a challenge. The boat was nearly submerged by the time he managed to climb down to where it had crashed. He frantically looked around the wreckage for any signs of survivors, but he couldn't see anyone moving. Then, suddenly, he saw something that made scream and cover his mouth. He turned away from the boat, retching against the seaweed-covered rocks. What he saw was something that he could have only imagined, but there was no doubt, this was not his imagination, this was happening. The windshield of the cabin was smeared with red blood, nearly covering every square inch of the glass as the boat sat nearly submerged in the water. The very thought of the fate that these people must have suffered or what must have been going through their minds in the last seconds before the boat crashed made his stomach turn again. He felt dizzy and his head was screaming from the intense amount of stress he was dealing with. He sat down and stared, comatose, at the boat as the light surf lapped against its battered hull. Why had they not stopped? How could they have not seen the island right in front of them? He could only hope that it was just one person driving the boat, just one death in this horrible accident, but somehow he knew that there was more than more person trapped in that watery tomb, suffering a fate that he couldn’t bear to think of.
Empty House, Empty World
The shock of the boat crash was still fresh in Aran's mind as he made his way across the rocks and headed for the house. With each step he took, a new vision entered his mind and plagued his thoughts with terrible images of death. As the house came into view, he prayed he would see the Aker's unloading their boat with shopping bags and laughing as they walked up from the dock, erasing the memory of the phone call and the boat crash. He imagined seeing Elle running toward him over the green grass and jumping into his arms, hugging him and never letting go. He could hear the squeaky laughter of Liz as she caught sight of her sister in Aran's arms, knowing all along how Elle had felt for Aran. But as he got closer to the house, his dreams came crashing down as the reality of the moment set in. It was deadly silent and still on the island, like a graveyard after midnight. The Akers were nowhere to be seen and the harbor had an eerie calm about it, as if it knew what terrors existed on the mainland. Normally, Aran loved it when the harbor was still and quiet, but today the silence was foreboding and unnerving. 
He made his way up the path and headed for the house, hoping that the Aker's had left the door unlocked. The porch creaked as he walked toward the front door, breaking the silence and echoing against the stark walls. Thankfully the door was left unlocked and he walked into the open living room and looked around. The room was decorated exactly as you would expect a Maine house to be decorated. It had wooden furniture made in that old New England style, an inviting fireplace that sat at the far end of the room and he could make out the small kitchen off to the right. Typical Maine tourist trinkets adorned shelves and tabletops. The sailor in the yellow slicker, birds glued to driftwood and wooden lobster buoys of different colors and shapes adorned the darkened room.
“Mr. Akers? Elle?” he called out. 
He shook his head as he spoke the words, knowing that the house was as empty as the island and that the only response he would get was the slow “tick tock” of the large banjo clock on the mantle. He reached into his pocket, took out his phone and flicked it open. He opened his settings menu and looked for a wireless signal. He moved from room to room, but there was nothing coming up on his phone, no signs that the house had any sort of router transmitting a signal. Aran shoved the phone back in his pocket and went searching for a television. He was sure that there had to be one somewhere in the house. He frantically looked in every room, opening cabinets and closets, but he found nothing at all. Did the Aker’s really live here with no TV and no internet? 
He wandered into the kitchen to think things out and possibly find something that he could eat. He needed to find out out what was happening, but he had no way to access the outside world other than getting in his kayak and paddling back to his house. As Aran fumbled though the cabinets in the kitchen, looking for something to snack on, he came across a CB marine radio stashed in drawer. He snatched it and took it back into the living room. 
When he plugged it in and switched it on, his ears were met with static and he slowly tuned the dial to find a channel with human voices. As he switched into the hundreds, he came across a channel with garbled chatter, some barely audible voices speaking back and forth. His heart raced as he tried to discern what they were saying. 
After what seemed like ages, Aran flopped back onto the sofa, exasperated. He had been through all the channels several times and was met either with static or voices so muffled that he could not make out any words. It was like trying to listen to someone talk underwater. He went back into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator to get something to drink. He grabbed a soda and closed the door, but just as he was about to walk away he caught a glimpse of a note on the door of the refrigerator, stuck on with a lobster magnet. It was a short list of marine channels for the Boothbay harbor region, scribbled in barely legible handwriting. He pulled the note off and ran back into the living room. He switched the dial to 162.400, which was listed at the marine emergency station for the area. As soon as he dialed in the channel, the static disappeared and he was met with silence, something unexpected for an emergency band. He ran his hands though his hair and covered his eyes. 
“Why?” he whispered. “Why is this happening?” 
It was the sudden buzzing sound that brought Aran out of his thoughts and into reality as the familiar sound of Emergency Broadcast System was playing through the marine CB. He bolted upright and leaned in close to make sure he could hear every word. When the buzzer ended, a crackled message began to play. The man who spoke sounded robotic and unemotional.
“This is a national emergency. There has been an outbreak of an unknown, deadly airborne virus across the contiguous United States. The source of the virus is unknown. Outbreaks have been recorded across all regions of the country. All citizens are being advised to remain in their homes. There have been reports of widespread destruction in many major metropolitan areas. If you come into contact with an infected person, you must make any and all attempts to vacate the area. There have been reports of victims attacking healthy persons.  At the current time, hospitals and clinics are overrun and unable to assist, so please remain in your homes. The symptoms of the virus include, rapid heart rate, hallucinations, severe headache, vomiting and death. Initial reports indicate victims die from the virus within an hour of contraction. If you feel the onset of these symptoms, please do not leave your home and potentially infect others. Please stay tuned for more information.”
The CB went quiet after the message ended, leaving Aran sitting alone with nothing but the echo of the man’s emotionless voice rattling around in his head. Since the moment he spoke with his mother, all Aran wanted to know was information about what could be happening. But now all he wanted to do was go back to being in the dark. The idea that a deadly virus was sweeping across the country wasn’t something that Aran was prepared to think about, let alone deal with. This message gave so little information and left even more unanswered questions that Aran felt he would have been better off not knowing anything. 
His mind instantly snapped back to his mother. Had she gotten the virus? Was she speaking to him as she was dying? Where was his father? The thoughts that began to plague his mind were terrible and he paced around the room trying to fight off the panic that was welling up inside his body. 
After what seemed like hours, he felt he had been trapped in the house for too long. He burst through the front door and into the fading afternoon light. He hadn’t realized how much time had passed. It was already almost six and he knew that he had just an hour or so of light before he would be plunged into darkness. He glanced around to see if anyone had come into the harbor or if there was any signs of movement, but he saw the same still scene as he saw hours earlier. 
He raced back into the house and began to turn on the lights running to each room in haste. The very idea of being alone on this island, with the country in utter chaos and in the complete darkness, scared him to death. As he flicked the switch to a small den, he saw a beautiful pair of binoculars sitting on a side table under the window. He snatched them up and headed back out to the living room. He found the door to the tower and climbed the spiral staircase to the very top, ducking his head against the low, cement ceiling. The top of the tower had several, small square windows that allowed for a somewhat panoramic view of the island. Panting from running up the stairs, Aran held the binoculars up to his eyes and glanced out the first of the windows, adjusting the binoculars to fix the blurry scene. He wasn’t even sure what he was looking for or what he was hoping to see, but he felt that he was, at least, doing something. 
Even though the view through each window showed nothing, Aran’s nerves were shot and his mind was ripped open, allowing all sorts of radical thoughts to push through. He was moving now on pure adrenaline, barely able to breathe or concentrate more than a few seconds. With each breath he took, he imagined he was contracting the virus that was floating through the air. 
When he finally determined that he was still alone on the island and that no boats were heading his way, he made his way back down the stairs and into the living room. He sat for a moment on the couch before realizing how hungry he really was. He hadn’t actually eaten anything since the tiny bowl of cereal he ate before rushing out the door that morning. 
He got up and made his way back to the kitchen and pulled out some bread and peanut butter, making himself a sandwich.  He stood in the small kitchen, eating his sandwich and wondering what he was going to do next, where he was supposed to go. His mom had told him never to leave, but was he supposed to stay on the island forever? How would he survive without supplies and food? How could he live here forever on his own with no one else, no one to keep him company? He felt a wrenching in his gut and fought back the instinct to throw up the food he just put in his stomach. He gripped the sink and looked out the window, staring into the cool grey evening. The world seemed so different now, yet nothing had changed on the island. The birds still flew overhead and the sea still crashed against the rocks, but the world beyond had changed and left Aran alone in the process. He tried to look at the positives of his situation, tried to think of the horrors and pain that so many people must be experiencing and how he has been shielded by it, protected by the island he had grown to love. He tried to remind himself that he was in his favorite place in the whole world and that he would be okay there. But no matter how hard he tried; his mind kept going back to his mom crying on the phone and telling him to stay on the island.
The sun finally set and the last rays of light were disappearing quickly from the sky, leaving muted shadows across the barren island. The island was dipping into darkness and Aran made sure that all the windows and doors were closed. All the downstairs windows had latches on them, which made him feel much better. He knew that it would be hard to get to him out on the island in the middle of the night, but he still wanted the comfort of knowing that it wouldn’t be easy to climb right in. He sat on the couch and stared at the blank walls around him and for the first time since he entered the house, his mind wandered to Elle. 
The Aker’s had left just a hour or so before his mother called and now he began to wonder what had happened to them in all this mess. Was Elle okay? Were they safe from all the madness of the mainland, floating aimlessly on the open sea? He closed his eyes and tried to focus his mind on Elle. Unlike before, the thought of Elle now caused a sharp pain in his gut as he agonized over what her fate might be. What he would give to be holding her tight, stroking her hair and listening to her sweet voice. The world had turned on a dime and an instant Aran had gone from complete a dream to an utter nightmare, skipping the steps in-between. He felt angry and frustrated at how things had unfolded. How could he be given such an amazing gift like Elle, only to have it taken away in an instant, before he could even enjoy the gift he’d been given. If only she hadn’t kissed him, maybe he wouldn’t feel such heartache, such longing, but she had given him hope and now that hope was fading fast. 
He pulled his knees tightly to his chest to try to fight away the tears, but try as he could, he couldn’t fight any longer. Aran cried like he’d never cried before, great sobs wracking his body, shaking his soul to the core. He cried for his mother and father and for his friends. He cried for Elle and the love he felt he was robbed of, the bliss that he could have experienced had this whole thing not happened.
 As the tears streamed down his face, he tried to wrestle with the idea of living on the island all by himself for the rest of his life, but it seemed so impossible to fathom. It amazed him that just a day ago, he would have given anything to be all alone on this island without the annoyances of other people, but now, however, he would give just about anything to have other people around him to help shoulder this burden. The wind outside was picking up and with each gust, Aran felt a shudder roll down his spine, the weather a reminder of how cold the world had gotten. Suddenly the CB burst with sound and a man’s voice calling clear as a bell. 
“Will the person on Damariscove please answer if you can hear me!”
A Voice in the Dark
Aran almost fell over backward off the couch. Had he heard the voice right? Was he imagining things? But just as he was about to dismiss the voice as a figment of his imagination,  the CB blared with the man’s voice loud and clear.
“Please,” he said sharply, “will the person on Damariscove please answer if you can hear me.”
Aran wasn’t sure what do. This could be someone who needs help or it could be someone who wants to come and take what he has. His mom had told him not to tell anyone where he was, but he felt he had to answer the call; something inside made him believe that it was the only thing to do. He had to make contact with someone who might be able to help him, or explain what was going on.
“I’m here,” Aran said
“Listen,” the man replied, “you need to shut off your lights right now. Go and do it. Please!.”
Aran felt a surge of fear pulsing through him that rooted him to the seat.
“Why,” he stammered, “Why would I do that?”
“Because you are lit up like a beacon. You don’t want anyone knowing you’re out there. Trust me. Do it now.”
Even though Aran was hesitant, he somehow knew that the man was right. If hundreds of people had died during the daylight hours, then most people would not have had their lights on when the sun went down. With darkness like that, you would be able to see the guardhouse on the island from miles away, like a giant neon sign advertising that someone was alive and well. He sprang to his feet and ran to each room, switching off the lights he turned on earlier. 
He came back into the living room and switched off the last light, cloaking the house in complete darkness lit only by the faint glow on the CB display. He took out his phone and flicked on the screen, using it’s dull light to see the handset.
“There,” he said “They’re all off.”
“Good. You should be okay. No other boats ‘round here that I can see, so I doubt anyone saw you”
“Who and where are you?” Aran asked, “How’d you find me on the CB?”
“Name is Adam. I’m out on my boat about a mile off of the tip of Southport. I found you by calling on all the channels I could. I’ve been at it for over an hour now trying to get your attention”
“Thanks,” he replied “My name is Aran.”
“You don’t sound much older than twenty kid, how’d you get out there?”
“I’m only seventeen and I came out here this morning to do some writing. I come here every weekend. I guess things went down and I was the only person on the island when it happened. The family that takes care of this house went into town this morning and never came back. My mom called and told me to stay out here, so I stayed.”
“That was a good move kid. Do you have any idea what is going on? Do you know what’s actually happened?” 
Aran thought about the emergency message he had heard earlier.
“I don’t know much, “ Aran said, “I heard an emergency broadcast message that said it was a virus that was killing people. That’s really all I know.”
There was a long pause on the other end.
“You don’t know the half of it kid,” he said, “you need to prepare yourself, you hear me?”
Now Aran was afraid. The man’s voice sounded afraid and if there was something worse than a deadly virus outbreak and he couldn’t imagine what that could be.
“What’s going on out there?” Aran asked.
“Yeah, well the virus is only the beginning. People get the virus you see, and within an hour they die; just drop dead of the thing. Whatever that virus does to the body, it does it fast. But that’s not where it ends. After a time, those people come back.”
“Come back?” Aran said, “You mean they don’t actually die?”
The pause on the other end told Aran everything he needed to know. As teenagers, he and his friends had all gotten caught up in the apocalypse stories with zombies, nuclear weapons and that sort of thing. They all liked to talk about what they would do when the apocalypse came, what weapons they would use to kill the zombies and how they would survive by finding some amazing mansion of a dead rich guy. But this was reality and in reality, people didn’t die and come back as zombies, they died and rotted in the ground.
“No kid, they’re dead, but they come back. They wake up and when they wake up they attack.”
Aran couldn’t keep his sandwich in his stomach any longer. He bolted to the kitchen and threw up in the sink; his insides churning. He looked at himself in the dull reflection of the kitchen window and saw a boy that looked like he’d aged ten years in a single day. He shuffled back to the radio and sat down, trying to recompose himself.
“So why aren’t we all dead then?” Aran asked as he spitted out chunks of crunchy peanuts.
“I reckon that some people are immune to the airborne virus, like you and me. But from what I know, no one is immune to the blood-borne strain.”
“Blood-borne?” he asked.
“If you get bitten, you’re dead. End of story,” Adam replied. “The bite transfers the virus to your blood stream.”
Aran’s mind was spinning and he couldn’t breathe. He kept waiting for the punch line, for the joke. This was all just too surreal and he felt as though he was on the verge of losing his mind completely.
“How’d you get away?” Aran asked, trying to re-gain some control of his ever-spiraling mind.
“I was out on the boat when it all went down. My family and I decided to take a cruise around the islands and make a day of it. We had been out a couple of hours when it started to happen.”
“At least you have your family with you,” Aran replied.
He was met with nothing but silence on the other end.
“Are you still there?” he asked.
“Barely kid. Barely.” Adam’s voice sounded on the edge of cracking. 
“Thing is,” he paused letting out a gut wrenching sigh, “my wife wasn’t immune to the virus like I was.” 
Aran felt like he’d had the wind knocked out of him. He couldn’t imagine what that must feel like; couldn’t imagine seeing a person you love, your family, die of such horrible circumstances.
“I’m so sorry, I had no idea,” he said. 
Aran desperately trying to hold it together.
“Yeah, I didn’t realize until it was too late. She attacked my boys first and I had to…”
Adams voice trailed off, unable to finish his sentence.
“What did you do?” Aran replied.
“I had to put all three of them down.” Adam cried.
 The full picture was now complete in Aran’s mind and it overwhelmed him to the point where he broke down and wept on the couch. This man had to kill his own wife and children. He had to do it himself, with his own hands. Even though they were dead already, he still had to put them down and out of their misery. He couldn’t imagine having to do that. He couldn’t imagine how you could go on living knowing that you had to end the misery of your own family. How could anyone kill the people they love? How could life even allow that choice to be possible? The CB crackled again and Aran heard Adam’s voice. 
“Listen kid, you need to stay on that island as long as you can, you hear me?” 
“Okay,” Aran replied, barely able to control his tears.
“You get yourself a weapon. Get a gun if you can, but you need something. You protect that island.” 
“Why don’t you come over here? We could help each other take care of this place,” Aran asked. 
He hoped that Adam would agree because he needed someone who knew what to do, someone who could take charge and tell him exactly what needed to be done. All his life he was waiting until he could be the one in charge; the adult who could make all the decisions. He wanted all the adults in his life to just leave him alone, to let him be. But now, more than ever, he wanted an adult to protect him, to help him and tell him that things were going to be okay. He didn’t want to have to go through this alone.
“I’m sorry kid but I have got to try to find my daughter. She’s away at college in Boston and she’s all I have left. I’ve got to try.”
Aran’s heart sank. He understood why Adam needed to go, but it didn’t make it any easier. Adam was the first person he had talked to since this nightmare had started and now he was leaving. He wanted to tell Adam the he would go with him, that he could help him find his daughter, but he knew that wasn’t the right thing to do. He needed to stay on the island and protect himself. He needed to survive.
“I understand,” Aran replied. “I hope you find her, I really do.”
“Me too kid. You take care of yourself out there, okay?”
Aran’s eyes welled with tears again. He felt so sad that Adam was leaving and even though he had never met him, he felt some sort of a connection to him.
“What do I do about supplies?” Aran asked quickly.
“You need to see what you got out there first. See how long you can live on what’s in that place there. Remember you have thousands of lobster pots to pull from if you’re able to get out on the water. Just don’t try to go for supplies on the mainland until it is life or death, so stay away from any areas that had load of people. You may have one of the only safe places left, kid and you need to understand that. You have a chance and that’s more than most people right now.”
“I will protect this place,“ Aran replied. 
“All the best to you kid. If I find my daughter I’ll get back here and I’ll take you up on your offer as long as you don’t mind two of us imposing.”
“I hope you do come back,” Aran said through his tears, “I could use the company.”
“One last thing kid,” Adam said, “If you run into anyone who looks at all injured, you take them out, understand. You can’t take any chances.”
“I will.”
“You take care of yourself kid, okay?”
“Yeah, you too.”
With that, the CB went silent and Adam’s voice no longer filled the living room with the comforting sound of human companionship. The only sounds Aran could hear were his own tears mixed with the rattling of the wind and pounding of the surf. It was going to be a long night and Aran knew that getting to sleep would be difficult with the images that were floating around in his head. He slowly walked upstairs, found the closest bedroom and put his phone down on the night table. He climbed into bed, closed his eyes and tried to get himself to sleep. The windows rattled and the wind made howling sounds as it whipped around the old guardhouse. The images of attacking corpses ripped through his conscious mind, but after a while he was able to drift off into an uncomfortable sleep.
Devils Hand
Despite the horrible dreams that plagued his night, Aran found that he was able to get a few hours sleep and woke up to the rising sun streaming into his small bedroom. He slowly got out of bed and walked over to the window, glancing across the harbor and out to the open sea. Somewhere out there, Adam and his boat were heading south toward Boston, making a desperate attempt to find his daughter. But if the disease had really struck the entire country, Boston would be a disaster zone. How could Adam ever think he was going to find his daughter in a big city full of those things, all trying to attack him? 
He looked back at the harbor and imagined Adams boat slowly motoring up the inlet toward the harbor and he could almost see his daughter standing on the bow, ready to cast the line through the mooring that lay in the center of the small cove. He imagined running down to them and helping them off the boat on onto the hard ground. But he knew deep down inside that he would never see or hear from Adam again nor would he ever meet his daughter. 
As he headed for the stairs he suddenly realized that he had been wearing the same clothes since he woke up yesterday morning and he was starting to stink. He rummaged though the dresser in the bedroom that he slept in the night before, but found nothing but sheets and some towels. He found the master bedroom where Mr. and Mrs. Akers slept and in the closets and dresser he found some clothes that fit. He and Mr. Akers did not share the same taste in clothes, but they were close in size at least. He also managed to find a drawer with plain white undershirts and underwear that worked as well, but the thought of wearing someone else’s underwear freaked him out. He put on the best pair of jeans he could find with his white shirt and the cleanest looking pair of underwear in the drawer, which was the best he could hope for in such desperate times. 
After his clothing excursion and a quick breakfast, he set out at his first task on the island; taking a needed inventory of what he had in the house and the surrounding grounds that he could use to survive. He wanted to gather everything from food to outdoor gear and assess what he had to work with and what he might need to find. 
He found a notepad in the kitchen and began to scribble down all the things he found in the house as he went from room to room, searching every inch for anything useful. The basement was stocked with quite a lot of food and supplies and Aran guessed that since the Akers had only been back on he island for a couple of weeks, their supplies hadn’t had a chance to run low yet. In a small, unlocked cabinet in the basement he found something that he had hoped he would come across, something that would help him feel safer. Sitting upright it its case was a riffle. Aran knew nothing about guns, but he figured he would have to learn fast. The riffle looked almost new, dark black in color and sported a scope and a long barrel. It was obvious that this gun was meant for hunting, especially at a distance and Aran wondered why Mr. Akers even had it out on this island since there were no animals except the occasional seagull. It also meant he could hit targets from a distance away, which made him feel much better. Beside the gun were several unopened boxes of ammunition and after his discovery, he felt a bit better and began the arduous task of bringing everything he deemed of value into the living room to sort through.
It wasn’t until afternoon that he finally finished with what he had set out to do and he had quite a bit of supplies and food that would certainly help him live in the house without having to venture to the mainland anytime soon. With Adam’s suggestion of going out in the boat and pulling lobster traps; he felt he could last several weeks with what he had and possibly even longer. 
Both a generator and solar panels powered the electricity for the house in case the main power was shut off from the mainland. From what Aran could tell, the main power was still on and running but he had no idea if the backup worked or how to turn it on. He knew that he would have to figure out how to turn the power over to the panels and the generator because the electricity from the mainland would surly fail in the coming weeks. 
In the storage room next to the old boat ramp he found a few barrels of marine fuel plus plenty of fishing gear and outdoor equipment. He also had the luxury of finding the keys to the Aker’s twenty-foot Boston Whaler that was bobbing up and down in the little harbor. The main thing he worried about was the supply of fresh water because he had no idea if the house’s water was pumped from the mainland or whether it had it’s own well. 
Most people who lived on islands or right on the coast had either city water pumped in or wells that pumped partial salt water into the house. Aran was afraid that if the house was only on city water that he would lose that luxury when the pumps on the mainland finally lost power and stopped. He did find about sixty large bottles of water in the basement in case that day arrived sooner rather than later and even though the ocean water was cold, he could always use it to clean himself if he needed. 
With the supplies organized and put either in the kitchen or the living room he decided to take a walk around the island and clear his thoughts. Now that he completed what he set out to do, he could feel the terrible thoughts and images creeping back into his head. He was hoping that a walk around the island would help keep those thoughts at bay. He also decided he was going to bring the riffle and try to take a few shots to see how it felt. He slung it over his shoulder and headed out in the afternoon sun, a sense of determination in his stride. Nothing had changed since he last walked over the barren landscape just a day ago, but everything in the world had certainly changed, including himself.
He walked along the coast of the island, as near to the rocky shore as he could get, watching the sea crash against the jagged, seaweed covered rocks that jutted out of the water. He constantly scanned the water, looking for other boats or signs of life. The smoke was still billowing from the mainland, but instead of single trails of black smoke, it was just a solid wall of smoky haze. He tried not to think about everything that must have happened once people started to die and then come back or about parents turning on their own children, husbands attacking their wives and friends destroying each other in the blink of an eye. 
At times, he felt so ashamed that he was safe and shielded from the horror that they faced, but he also felt grateful at the same time that he didn’t have to see or experience any of it.  He had been spared the terror of what those long hours must have been like. He didn’t have to see it. He may be one of the only people still alive and certainly one of the only people that saw nothing of what happened when the virus struck. 
His scan of the ocean had produced nothing so far as there wasn’t a single boat to be seen in any direction. He’d half hoped to see someone on the water, some sign that life might go on after this mess, but all he saw were seagulls and whitecaps as he looked across the water at the smaller islands to the north. He had been so focused on scanning the water; he hadn’t realized that he had already made it to the neck of the island and up ahead in the water he could still see the submerged outline of the boat that had crashed there the day before. Just yesterday he couldn’t fathom how the driver had just plowed into the rocks like that, but after what he had learned from Adam, he wondered what might have happened on that boat before its terrible demise. He looked back over the sunken shell and decided he needed to see for himself.
His heart was pounding as he climbed back down the rocks to the wreck, which had sunken a bit further since the day before. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting to see, but he felt he needed to at least take a look. The day before he had stayed quite a bit away from the wrecked boat, but this time he edged as close as he could on the rocks. Looking down through the water he could clearly make out the windshield of the boat now sitting about two feet below the surface of the water. The glass was still covered in red blood, just as it was when he left it the day before, the water only diluting the mess that was splattered on the inside. The boat had now completely filled up with water and some of the blood was washing away from the glass. Aran looked around him and grabbed a stick that was floating amongst some shallow rocks. 
Taking the stick in his hand he jabbed at the windshield of the boat through the water, thumping it against the pane. He still wasn’t sure what poking at the boat would accomplish, but he kept doing anyway as if enticing something to come out. After a few more stabs, Aran gave up and tossed the stick as hard as he could in the ocean, watching it float on the water until he could no longer see it past the waves. He was just about turn to leave when something moving in the boat caught his eye. He looked again at the windshield and saw nothing at first but just to make sure, he leaned in as close as he could. Out of the gloom of the water a hand slammed against the inside of the boats window, smearing the blood back and forth like a windshield wiper, struggling to get out. Aran was so startled that he lost his balance and fell headfirst into the cold Maine water. 
The instant he hit the water, he was scrambling and in a full panic. He was acutely aware how close he was to the boat and whatever was banging on the inside. He screamed and struggled in the cold water, trying to find a rock to grab that would help get out and away from the boat. In his mind he could feel the hand grabbing his shoe and pulling him toward the watery grave of the crashed speedboat. He could almost feel sharp teeth biting into his shoes, puncturing his flesh and turning him into the same monster that was attacking him. 
He snatched hold of a rock and pulled himself up and out of the water, his breath so heavy it caused his vision to blur. His pulse was racing and he coughed and sputtered on the salt water that forced its way into his mouth. Added to the utter fear of seeing the hand and falling in was the icy cold water that now soaked his clothes and began to freeze his skin. He knew he had to get back to the guardhouse and change before hypothermia set in. The Maine water was cold, even during the warm summer months, but early the early May sun wasn’t strong enough to heat the water back up from the icy depths of the winter. 
With his heart pounding, he gazed down again at the window of the boat and sure enough the hand was still pushing and sliding back and forth across the inside of the window, smearing the blood around like a deranged finger painting. It was too dark to tell what condition the hand or arm was in, but Aran knew that no one could have survived being underwater for that long and certainly not in that cold. He jumped up the rocks as quick as he could, making sure not to slip and fall back down again. He sprinted across the island towards the house, tripping numerous times, but still keeping his balance. He felt like he was being chased, like the corpse from inside the boat had gotten loose and was lumbering after him, relentlessly hunting him down. He bolted up the steps, burst into the living room and ran for the stairs. He half expected to see people in there and he almost yelled out what he had just seen, but just like yesterday, the house was empty and solemn. 
He tore off the wet clothes and grabbed some new ones from the pile he had made of somewhat acceptable clothes from Mr. Aker’s wardrobe. He slipped into some dry cargo pants and a wool sweater that had seen better days. He flopped down on the bed, shivering from both the cold and sheer fright from what he had seen. 
Feeling warmer he grabbed the binoculars and headed for the windows in the top of the tower. In the moments since he saw the hand in the boat, many thoughts kept entering his mind. If the corpse got out, could it climb up on the island? Could other corpses do that? What were they actually capable of? He was kicking himself for not asking Adam these questions on the CB last night and he began to feel so clueless again. All the knowledge he gained last night, now seemed so feeble and superficial. All he knew was that people who died of the virus came back and attacked the living, but he had no idea what the dead were like. In the movies and books, the dead who rose were usually slow and dumb, but that was fiction and this was the new reality and in the new reality, he had no idea what they were capable of. 
Once at the top of the tower, he moved from window to window, looking for anything that moved on the horizon and on the island itself. He could see nothing out of the ordinary and his pulse began to slow as he realized that, for now, the island seemed as empty and desolate as before. It wasn’t until he got to the last window, the one that looked over Cape Newagen, that he froze in his tracks. A small zodiac boat was slowly motoring along the coast of the island, a tiny speck amongst the swells and whitecaps of the churning sea. With the sound of the engine completely obscured by the din of the wind and water, the boat silently made its way toward the large buoy that marked the turning point to the Damariscove channel. Aran stood fixated on the little craft as it meandered about on its slow path towards the marker. He closed his eyes tight and pulled down his binoculars.
“Oh Tuck,” he said in a whisper, “You made it.”
Impossible Choice
Aran bolted down the stairs two at a time, his riffle slung over his shoulder and his binoculars bouncing up and down around his neck. He burst out the front door and into the light of the afternoon, squinting from the sun that was peeking though the clouds. He couldn't believe it. Tuck was making his way to the island in his little zodiac boat. He had completely put the idea of Tuck coming to the island out of his mind because so much had gone on since he answered the phone call the day before that he had completely forgotten about Tuck. The thought of having someone else on the island to talk to was exhilarating and the fact that it was his good friend was just icing on the cake. 
He bounded across the rocks, heading for the coast by the entrance to the small harbor of the island, trying to get there before Tuck made his way down the channel. The sea was a bit rough, but nothing that Tuck couldn't handle and the wind seemed to be blowing from a favorable direction, which made it easier to keep straight through the narrow path. He stopped at the edge of the water and watched the little boat round the large ocean buoy. His stomach was churning with anticipation thinking about all he wanted to ask when he got on shore. Tuck had been on the mainland when everything happened, so he must know things. As Tuck awkwardly turned the boat around the buoy, Aran pulled the binoculars up to his eyes to have a look. He could barely see Tuck sitting behind the small steering wheel of the little grey zodiac raft. He strained his eyes, but could only catch a glimpse of the very top of his head from the angle he was looking. He put down the binoculars and waved his hands in the air, trying to get Tuck's attention, cupping his hands to his mouth and shouting.
"Hey Tuck, you made it!" 
He looked back through binoculars and saw the little boat was weaving back and forth, almost as if Tuck couldn’t keep the craft in a straight line. The waves were forcing the boat towards the rocks and Tuck wasn't correcting the movements like he should be. Something was wrong.
"What the hell is he doing?" Aran cursed.
Suddenly a tall swell turned the boat to the side, pointing it toward the rocky shallows. Frantic, Aran tried to see what Tuck was doing and as the boat moved again he was suddenly able to see the problem. Aran looked intently for a second and then lowered the binoculars from his face, tears beginning to well in in his eyes and stream down his cheek. 
"Please God why?" he whispered to himself.
Tuck's neck and left shoulder were covered with blood and although it was hard to make out, Aran saw what looked like huge gash marks. His torn shirt revealed more tears in the skin along his shoulder as well. Aran dropped to his knees. He could hear Adam's voice echoing in his head.
"If anyone comes near the island and looks at all injured, you take them out, understand. You can’t take any chances.”
He could barely take a breath.
"Take them out," he whispered, "Take them out."
He began to sob, his whole body going into convulsions. How could this be happening? How could he be faced with this? He closed his eyes and pictured Elle. He pictured her smile and her hair blowing in the wind and he could hear her soft voice and see her supple lips curling into a smile as she gazed back into his eyes. He could feel the touch of her hand on his shoulder. 
"Please help me, Elle. Tell me what to do." he whispered.
Elle smiled back and kissed him on the cheek. Then she moved slightly away from his face and looked directly into his eyes. Her bight, beautiful smile had given way to a deep sadness and she gripped his shoulders with both hands. With tears building in her eyes, she looked at the riffle slung over Aran's shoulder.
"You know what you have to do," she said. "You have to be brave. You have to be brave for me."
Aran opened his eyes. Elle was gone, but he felt as if her presence was still with him, wrapping him up like a warm blanket. Choking back his tears, he unslung the riffle and placed the sight up to his eyes. The image in the crosshairs was shaking violently as he tried to control himself and his balance through the tears. Taking a deep breath, he aimed the sight directly at Tuck's head. He lowered the gun, gasping for air and crying uncontrollably. He closed his eyes and held his breath, trying to control himself.
"You can do this," Elle's soft voice said in his head. "This is better for him. You need to release him before he turns into one of them" 
He raised the gun against his shoulder and again he could feel the tears building, making it hard to aim. He focused as best he could and squeezed the trigger. His aim was good, Tuck lurching backwards in his seat. Aran's tears began to pour down his cheeks, dripping against his hand and dampening his shirt. He raised the sight again to look. 
"Oh please No!" he cried.
Tuck was still moving, struggling to regain control of himself as the boat motored aimlessly out of control. 
"Please forgive me," Aran said as he placed his finger on the trigger and pulled. Tuck's head slung back with the force of the bullet striking his temple, sending him careening against the side of the small boat, disappearing out of sight. Aran stood with his eyes transfixed on the scene through the lens of the scope, watching to see if Tuck would get up again. 
The boat, without a driver, had run itself into the shallows on the edge of the channel and was jammed between two rocks jutting out of the water. The motor was still running, pushing against them, wedging it in tighter.
Aran dropped the gun to the ground and collapsed in a heap. He curled himself into a ball and cried until his eyes burned and his stomach hurt. 
"I'm sorry Tuck," he screamed out between sobs. "I'm so sorry."
He tried to find the strength to get up and walk back to the house, but all he could do was lay and weep. 
Last night he had felt such empathy for what Adam had gone though and it hurt to think of a person having to take the life of someone they care about. Never in a million years did he think his time would come so soon. He and Tuck had been friends since the third grade and although they had their arguments, they remained good friends throughout their school days. He could remember so clearly the day they headed out past Damariscove and gotten fogged in. It took them hours of slow motoring to get back home, trying not to run aground or get tangled in a lobster trap. Now Tuck was gone forever and Aran was the one who ended it, shooting him in the head and leaving him in a rubber boat to float aimlessly in the sea. What was Tuck thinking as the first bullet struck him? What went through his mind? 
The worst part of it was that Aran didn't even know what caused Tuck’s wound. Was it possible he tore his neck and arm on a fence trying to escape the mainland? Maybe Aran was supposed to save him and nurse him back to health. All he could think of was Adam. Adam and his crazy quest to find his daughter in Boston and that if they ever did come back, he wanted this island to be a haven for both of them. He knew he needed to protect it. He knew he needed to keep it safe from the dead and Tuck could have threatened that.
"What now?" he whispered and he lay the hard ground. 
He could feel the soft touch of Elle's hand on his face as she lay down beside him.
"You keep going. You survive. You live to see the dawn that so many people will never see." she murmured. "You are strong and you must fight. Fight for me!"
Aran slowly got up and dusted himself off. He looked toward the water and saw Tuck's boat struggling to free itself from the rocks. 
"Goodbye Tuck," he said as he turned and faced the open ocean. "I truly am sorry."
With that he slowly turned his back and headed back to the house with the sweet sound of Elle's voice still resonating through his mind.
"You did the right thing," he heard her say. "I promise it will get better."
Desperation
Aran stumbled into the house and threw himself on the couch with the shock of what just happened beginning to wear off and the true realization of what he had done beginning to set in. He had just killed Tuck, killed his good friend with no way to spin or twist it. No matter what happened to him, he would have to live with the choice he made and it would haunt him for the rest of his life. He would have to suffer the consequences of making a judgment call, saving himself and the island instead of possibly saving Tuck. 
He sat on the couch and stared at the wall until the light faded from the late afternoon sky and night fell across the island. On the coffee table in front of him sat a tall, nearly full bottle of whiskey that he had found in the cupboard in the kitchen. He had been staring at it for hours now, either too lazy or too gutted to sit up and grab it. 
Groaning, he reached for it and took a giant swig of the brown liquid. He could feel it burn as it poured down his throat and he nearly spit half of it up the second it hit his mouth. The somewhat revolting punch of liquid a bit too much for his palette. It didn’t take long before one swig became five and soon he began to feel the effects of the alcohol flowing thorough his system, clouding his judgment. He thought that it would make him feel better, that it would actually make him forget what had happened. Maybe it would allow him a few moments of inner peace, but what Aran discovered was all the hidden pain he had been masking was coming to the surface. 
For the first time since everything had happened he thought about his parents and realized how much he missed them. The thought of his mother, maybe slowly dying, but still able to call and warn him tore at the very fabric of his heart. Did she know what had happened to her, or was she so selfless that she wanted to make sure that her son was safe first? The true realization was beginning to set it and he realized that he was probably never going to see his parents again. He would never give his mom a hug or play a game of basketball with his dad. He was an orphan, stuck on an island surrounded by nothing but water and silence. 
He suddenly had an urge to run, to hop in his kayak and go home and he imagined that everything was just a dream, a living nightmare that was playing in his head. He could see himself bursting through the front door and seeing his family there, sitting in the living room as if nothing was wrong; like a normal evening. 
They would ask him where he had been and he would tell them about his horrible nightmare and how sorry he was for all the terrible things he had ever said. He would throw his arms around his mother and kiss her on the cheek. He would turn to his father and wrap his arms around his thick chest, squeezing him as tight as he could. They would all sit around the living room and he would tell them how vivid his dream had been. His mother would look at him with her kind smile while he talked and his dad would stare at the ceiling, making the mental picture in his head.  He was trying to convince himself that everything was a dream, one big nightmare and if he could just get himself home, he would wake up and it would all be over. 
Stumbling to his feet, he lurched into the kitchen and swiped the Boston Whaler keys from the peg he had put them on earlier that day. Swaying from the effects of the whiskey, he flung open the front door and ran down the steps of the porch into the night. The air was cold, but clear and the moon cast a bright silvery light over the island, giving it an eerie, washed-out look. 
He tripped and fumbled his way to the dock where his kayak still lay overturned on the wooden boards, left there from the day he arrived. Somehow, Aran managed to get the kayak in the water, get in and paddle his way out to the moored Boston Whaler that belonged to the Akers family. He pulled himself into the boat with some effort and then hauled the kayak in behind him, tossing it on the deck at the back. He spun around with the keys in hand, ready to fire up the boat and head for home. 
As he moved toward the steering wheel, the boat slowly swayed underneath him causing Aran to lose his balance and lurch forward. He fell hard, his head slamming against the console while his legs buckled under him, sending him tumbling to the floor. His vision blurred and he couldn’t focus on any single point in front of him, his head a swirl of pain and drunkenness. Just as he was about to try to lift himself up, he heard a soft voice calling out to him in the still night breeze.
“Aran, where are you going?” the voice spoke.
Aran knew the voice well, he heard her in his dreams every night.
“I was just trying to go home. Just going home,” he whispered.
“You are home, she replied, “This is where you belong now.”
“But I want to go home, I don’t want to be alone through this, alone on this island.”
“You aren’t alone, Aran,” she said calmly, “I am here with you. Always.”
“Stay with me, hold me,” he said as his eyes became heavy.
“I won’t leave you Aran, I promise.”
As Aran’s eyes slowly closed he could feel Elle’s touch on his face. He could feel her warmth as she embraced him tightly, protecting him from the cold night air. 
“Are you an angel?” he whispered
“I’m your angel, Aran. I will always be by your side.”
Aran’s world went black as he lay unconscious on the floor of the Boston Whaler. Only the occasional nightmare caused him to stir though the cold Maine night, the memory of Elle keeping him safe and warm. 
The List
Aran woke up the next morning, shivering and miserable, his head feeling like someone was hammering his temples and his clothes damp and cold. He sat up, grimacing as every muscle in his body rejected the idea of moving after such a long cold night. Looking around he realized where he was, although he could hardly remember why he was there. He pulled himself up, wincing in pain as he got to his feet. He was not looking forward to getting back into the kayak and paddling back across the harbor, especially with how he felt. The combination of a hangover with aching muscles from sleeping on the hard boat deck was going to make for a painful trip to shore. With a bit of effort and a lot of struggle, he managed to slowly make his way to the dock and haul himself up and onto the shore. He lay on the hard, wood surface for a few moments, staring up at the sky and cursing himself for how he felt.  
The fog that often enveloped the Maine coast was as thick as could be, making it hard to see across the small harbor. It masked the contours of the island in a blanket of white. 
Aran spent the day either napping or reading from the small library of books that was left on the shelf in the living room. It was nice to just laze around, although there was always the dread in the back of his mind. No matter what he did and no matter how hard he tried to feel normal, he was always aware of what going on all around him. Even though his day consisted of doing next to nothing useful, the time actually went by quickly and before he realized it, the sun's light was fading from the foggy sky. His quiet day was highlighted by his discovery of a phone charger stuffed in a nightstand. His battery had run out and he had been unable to use the phone in any capacity, but simply plugging it in and seeing the small white apple logo made him feel just a bit better. He knew that once the phone recharged it wouldn't connect to any kind of cell service, but he was excited to be able to play games as a distraction and have some much needed music to keep his mind off things. 
Once the phone had charged, he plugged into the small stereo he found on the dining room table and turned on some much needed music. He spent remainder of the evening trying to think of things that he could do around the island to better protect himself while at the same time, giving him something to do each day to occupy his time. He scribbled down some notes on a piece of paper, trying to come up with as many chores and tasks as he could think of. 
He decided that a top priority was to construct some type of a wall or fence around the unprotected part of the house to deter anyone who might get on the island from getting to the house easily. He knew that if people got onto the island, that they could get through the fence easy enough, but it might hold them up long enough to give him some time to escape. 
He also needed to get the Whaler moving and head out to start pulling lobster traps. He knew that if he could pull about a dozen or so traps, empty the lobsters, bait them and set them back, he could have a constant supply of fresh lobster for quite a long time. Some other ideas on his list included going to some other deserted islands around the area and finding small tress that he could replant on Damariscove. He didn't really know how it would help or if it would work, but he felt it could give him many days of busy work not to mention sprucing up the area around the house and giving it some needed protection from the wind. 
A few of the ideas were a bit dangerous and far-fetched, but he wanted put everything he could think of down on the list, perhaps triggering some better ideas at the same time. 
One idea he had was to find an abandoned sailboat that he could use to cruise around and enjoy the ocean on. He didn't want to waste the fuel in the Whaler for anything but pulling lobster pots or other important tasks that could arise, but he wanted to be out on the water, enjoying the ocean during the warm, pleasant summer months. 
Aran knew that since it was still early May, many of the sailboats in the harbors had not been occupied or used yet since many of the owners were seasonal residents. These boats were possibly free of any dangers and if he was able to get to a small harbor and get onto one, he could sail it back to the island with ease. The trouble was getting there. He didn't relish in the idea of kayaking that far without knowing exactly what he was looking for and he also needed to find a sailboat with a motor so he could navigate the channel into the island. He had seen some people do it by sail before, but it wasn't easy and he wasn’t a confident enough sailor to try it.
He also thought about finding another small island that he could start setting up a second shelter on in case something happened to Damariscove. If he could find an island that had some sort of an empty structure on it, maybe he could start supplying it for emergencies. It could also serve as a vacation spot away from his own home where he could go for a few days at a time for a change of scenery. This idea seemed a bit like a waste of time, but he was looking for anything that could help pass the days by. 
The last thing on his list he put a star next to and it was the one that scared him the most. He put it last because he knew it was not urgent, but of all the things on his list, he knew the last one would have to be done at some point. He looked down at the words "mainland supplies" and shuddered. The lobster could sustain him for a while, but he would still need other supplies and items as the time passed. Until the last item, none of his ideas, no matter how trivial they were, involved coming into direct contact with the dead. Getting supplies would require him to go to a populated place and in populated places there would be lots of dead bodies walking around. But no mater how he looked at it, he knew that eventually he would have no choice but to face them head on. 
He scanned the list again and again, trying to think of more ideas and crossing out ones that were either too dangerous or not worth the effort. He kept passing "find other survivors," not sure whether to cross it out or not. He would love to find other people out there like him, but he knew that if he did anything to reveal his position, he might attract people who would only want to take what he had.  
In times of unimaginable horror, even the most kind and sane person was capable of terrible and desperate acts. He had to remember what Adam had said about how lucky he was and how ideal his setup on Damariscove was. He had food, shelter, warmth, water and electricity, which was not that far away from the modern conveniences he was used to. He thought about the situations some people might be in on the mainland. He couldn’t imagine sitting in a dark, cold house with no electricity, surrounded by dead bodies pounding on the outside trying to get in. He had it pretty damn good considering everything and he needed to make sure he protected that at all costs. 
After quite a lot of thought, he decided he was going to combine his idea of finding a new island with finding people who may have survived like him. If he could set up shelter on another small island and stock it with enough supplies to make it seem like he lived there, he could try to attract any surviving people to his new island. If they ended up being good people, he could take them back to Damariscove and if they ended up the bad sort, he could afford lose the island and the small amount of supplies he would stock it with. The risk would be worth it as long as Damariscove stayed protected and he stayed as safe as possible.
Scouting
Aran woke up the next morning with new determination about trying to better his life and make a new start on the island. He had woken earlier in the night after a vivid dream of finding other survivors and eventually bringing them to Damariscove to set up a little community. It was so clear in his mind; unlike any dream he had before and he could feel a glimmer of hope welling up in him. 
With a renewed purpose, he decided to put the task of finding a second island and trying to attract the attention of potential survivors on the top of the list. He re-checked the barrels of marine fuel in the boathouse to make sure he had enough fuel to use the whaler to scout and still have enough for emergencies and lobster fishing. Pulling off the caps to the drums, he determined that three barrels were full and one was just a few gallons short. The Aker’s must have just refilled their marine fuel supply when they got to the island just a week or so earlier. He wasn't positive, but he was pretty certain that each barrel held about fifty-five gallons of marine fuel, giving him quite a lot of fuel for the time being. The Boston Whaler had a seventy-five-horse power motor, so he figured that he could use the boat quite extensively before he would run out of fuel, especially if he was conservative with his speed and acceleration. He was hoping that the Whaler had a full tank onboard, which would add to his stock of fuel and give him precious time on the water. 
Hanging on the wall in the den was an old, but still usable map of the Boothbay harbor region and it's surrounding islands. He took it down and laid it on the coffee table, examining the extensive rocky coast that made up central Maine. He found Damariscove on the map and began to look around the area to find a suitable island or island chain to explore. He needed to make sure that whatever island he found was far enough away from Damariscove because he didn't want people discovering his own island on the way to his decoy. 
He found that there were quite a few islands very close to him, but he was not comfortable being in sight of Damariscove. He looked beyond Pemaquid point and saw clusters of islands in Muscungus Bay. The bay was far enough from Damariscove that he could easily set up another shelter without ever bringing attention to his current position. By looking at the map he guessed it would take about a half an hour to get out into the bay, making it a bit farther then he would have liked. He couldn't tell from the map whether the islands were uninhabited or not, but he made the decision to go and at least have a look.  He could also pull lobster pots on the way back.
He boarded the whaler a couple of hours later, turned the key in the ignition and the motor roared to life after just a few turns. Aran looked at the gas gauge in relief because the needle was sitting just below the full line. Even though he had plenty of gas, he wanted to be careful because he had no clue how long he would actually be out on his own and he viewed the use of a powerboat as one of the most important resources he had. 
He could be on his own on the island for weeks, months or possibly forever and much like his food stores, he knew that eventually he would have to go and get more fuel which he knew would not be an easy assignment. 
He maneuvered the boat around and untied its rope from the mooring buoy. The day was beautiful and the sky was free of clouds, making it perfect for exploring the coast. The waters were calm and the trip out of the channel was easy. Aran kept looking around the channel for Tuck's boat which seemed to be nowhere in sight. Aran assumed that the boat either broke free from the rocks and sped off aimlessly into the open water, or that the motor died and the boat floated away with the tide. Regardless, he was just glad that he didn't have to look at the effect of the decision he made.
Once he left the channel, he sped up allowing the wind to blow in his face and his hair to slick back in the breeze. It had been a while since he'd been out on the water in a powerboat and he let the speed of the boat and warmth of the sun begin to melt his fear. For the first time since everything started, he actually felt good, like things might eventually be okay. 
He kept to the southern end of the islands trying to avoid going to close to inhabited areas and the mainland. The sun was bright and beautiful and Aran could almost imagine that he was living in a normal world where people were going about their daily activities, fretting about bills and work instead of worrying about the walking dead. 
It was hard to think that on such a beautiful day, nothing but horror and death awaited anyone who stepped foot on the mainland, which was still clouded a haze of black smoke. Off to his left he could see the black and white tower of Pemaquid Point lighthouse sitting on a rocky outcropping as it guided ships away from the jagged coast of the point. Just beyond the point lay Muscongus Bay; a huge open expanse of water dotted with little islands and shoals. 
Aran was hoping that one of those islands could serve as a place to setup a shelter and try to attract anyone who might have survived. The more he thought about his plan, the more confident he was that he was doing the right thing and that what he had on Damariscove should be shared with others like himself. What good was surviving if he was alone for the rest of his life, miserable and trapped on his island?
Steering the boat into the bay, he began to look through his binoculars at the islands that were scattered around the interior of the bay. He passed by some that were just too small and barren to set up as a shelter and for nearly an hour, he sped around the little shoals, looking for something suitable. 
Finally he came across a small round island with a large clump of pine tress in the center that looked big enough to shelter, but small enough to easily protect. He circled it several times and discovered, to his delight, that there was a run down shack barely visible through the trees. There were no boats on the shore and no signs that anyone had stepped foot on the island for quite a long time.
"This is it," he said to himself, "Perfect!" 
Aran dropped his anchor as close to the shore of the island as he could and tossed his kayak into the water. He paddled to the shore, finding some shallow rocks to pull up to and haul the boat on shore. 
All he brought with him was his riffle and a large kitchen knife he found in a drawer. He planned to bring back supplies once he found the perfect place. His plan was to scour the island, make sure that it was completely empty and then make a list of things to bring back on his return. 
The island was very small and rocky with no easily accessible place for any kind of a large boat to pull up and it was well hidden from the open expanse of the bay. He felt comfortable with the idea that anyone in a boat would have to anchor and either swim or take a smaller craft to get on island.  
He circled the perimeter of the little island before he got up the nerve to move into the forested area that covered the center like a tuft of hair on a balding head. The island was sheltered from the open ocean just by being in the large bay, but also because of the other little shoals and islands around it blocked the wind and waves along and obscured it from view. The coast all around the island was nothing more than rocks and the occasional tide pool making a quick entry and exit a difficult process. There was no trash littering the rocks nor were there any signs of camping or fires along the shore. There were no signs of people, no boats tied up and the shack that was barely visible through the trees looked liked no one had touched it in a decade. 
Even still, he didn’t like the feeling that place gave him. It was a silent and foreboding feeling, like a hundred unseen eyes were boring through him. On Damariscove, he could see everything around him and nothing could sneak up on. 
Aran turned and faced the center of the island. In front of him stood a large grove of tall pine trees surrounded by thick undergrowth that gave the patch of forest a dark and shadowy look. The island was sheltered enough to support this grove of trees which was little more than the size of a football field, forming a rough circle. 
Moving towards the small shack, Aran drew his riffle just as a precaution in case he came across anything. The woods seemed so silent and still that each footstep he took sounded loud and intrusive, echoing against the thick trunks. He walked slowly, trying to keep his calm, but feeling the butterflies in his stomach. He knew the place had to be empty, but somehow it seemed so frightening and full of danger. 
The tiny porch of the cabin was nearly collapsed and the floorboards were rotten beyond repair, making a trip to the front door like an obstacle course. The front door  itself was half smashed and hung at an odd angle, barely holding onto a single rusted hinge. The roof looked intact, but many of the shingles had fallen off, exposing the beams that lay below them and giving small animals a perfect place to burrow and make their home. 
He circled around the back of the small place, trying to get a good look in one of the windows. The side window of the shack was small, but Aran was able to stretch up look in. As he peered through the glass, a black crow that had been sitting on the ledge, burst into flight sending Aran falling backwards onto the ground. 
Panic rose inside him and his urge to run took over as he scrambled to his feet. He ran around the back on the house and as he rounded the corner, he slammed right into a canoe that had been propped up against the back wall. He fell to the ground with a thud, the canoe falling right behind, hitting a small tree as it fell and making a loud clattering sound. Aran sat on the ground a moment, taking in deep breaths and trying to regain control before getting to his feet. He had just run like a madman from a silly crow and he was still letting his nerves get the best of him. He looked over at the canoe, chuckled and kicked at it with his foot.
“Damn thing,” he cursed as he stood up, brushing off the leaves and dirt from his pants.
He was just walking back around to the front of the shack when he stopped dead in his tracks. He listened closely and in the quiet of the forest he could hear a sound that seemed like it was coming from inside the shack. 
It was a soft sound, like a large animal lumbering across the old, wooden floor. As he turned around he again saw the canoe lying on the needle-covered ground. He looked at it, trying to make sense of what he was seeing. The boat was a dark green color, but the paint looked new and the stainless steel interior wasn’t rusted or dirty. The canoe was fairly new and that newness did not fit the condition of the shack or the surrounding area. Aran began to put the pieces together. Panic began to well up inside him. He stood frozen to the spot, too afraid to run. He listened acutely but couldn’t hear the shuffling noise anymore and as he looked at the small back window, his blood froze in his veins. 
Staring back at him from the window was the sunken, grey face of old man slightly visible in the shadows of the small room. He was wearing a fisherman’s hat on his head that was covering a clump of matted hair, his eyes were a solid grey color and sunken into his skull. His teeth were barred and his lips were drawn back, revealing colorless gums and chunks of missing flesh. His mouth was moving up and down slightly and his face was scarred and tattered, his skin drooping from his face like an old sack. 
His eyes locked onto Aran and he let out a horrific wail that pierced the silent of the woods. The man raised his hands and pounded on the glass, trying to get to Aran. Aran stood fixated on the man, unable to move and transfixed in horror. The man just kept pounding the glass from the inside and wailing until one of his fists shattered a section of the mullioned window, sending shards of glass to the ground. But he kept pounding and tearing his hands on the already shattered shards of window glass, numb to the fact that his hand were being shredded by the razor sharp pieces of window left in the frame. 
At that moment, Aran broke free of his trance and began to run, everything a blur as he bolted past the side of the shack, heading for the waters edge. The fear gave him strength and speed like he had never felt before and he dashed across the ground and over the rocks faster than he ever could have imagined. He grabbed the kayak, threw it into the water and jumped in. He paddled like a maniac and didn’t stop or look back until he was able to grab onto the Whaler and hoist himself up and into the boat. 
He hauled in the small kayak and began pulling up the anchor that kept the boat secured just off shore. It seemed to take ages to haul it up and each pull seemed to last an eternity as the slimy rope slid through his hands. When he finally stowed the metal anchor, he leapt to the console, started the engine and slammed down the throttle, launching the boat forward.
As soon as he was clear he dropped the boat out of gear and fell to his knees, throwing up over the side of the boat. Half in tears, half glad he escaped, he flopped into the seat of the small boat, wiping his face with his shirtsleeve.
“So much for deserted island,” he said exasperated.
White Flag
Aran must have woken up a dozen times that night in a cold sweat, his nightmares particularly horrible after his encounter with the man in the cabin. He couldn’t shake the image of his sunken face out of his head, especially the way his pupils had gone gray. The thought of his cold, lifeless fists slamming on the window until it shattered was an image that he was failing to remove from his subconscious. 
Since his return to Damariscove, he decided to scrap the idea of finding a new island, at least for the time being. He had a great setup where he was and he was determined to make sure it stayed that way. 
He did feel sad and he was still desperate to find a way to contact survivors that might be around the area and bring them to the island. He kept thinking about how great it would be to have other people around to talk to and spend time with, to share the burden of life in this new place. Being alone was a luxury Aran enjoyed in the past because he knew that at anytime he wanted he could break the solitude and spend time with his family or friends. Now, he had the luxury of ample alone time, but no way to end the solitude.
He lay in the bed, staring up at the ceiling and thinking about Elle. He had been through so much over the past few days; he hadn’t really had time to just lay and think about her. He could feel the emptiness that he absence left in the pit of his stomach, eating at his insides like a virus. He missed her. He missed her like he couldn’t even fathom. The simple thought that he would never see her again brought a flow of silent tears to his eyes. 
“I miss you,” he whispered, wiping away the tears from his cheeks. “I should have told you to stay. I should kept you with me ”
Aran could feel the guilt of his decision weighing on his mind. She had asked him to come with him, but he had said no because he needed time to write. Aran had no idea if she would have stayed on the island that day if he had asked, but the guilt of not making the offer was killing him.
“It’s my fault you left,” he said, “I should have asked you to stay.”
The tears that streamed from his eyes were distorting the ceiling pattern as he tried to focus on the directions of cracks that ran through the light blue paint. It seemed that each time he felt he was able to get past a painful memory or reality, another one was right behind it ready to pounce and thrust him back into misery. The past few days had been such a whirlwind of emotions and events, that he hadn’t had a chance to let the pain of losing Elle seep into his conscious. 
Maybe it was just such a painful fact for him to accept that his brain had fought back the memory and kept it from entering into his conscious thoughts. Now, it seemed, that reality was beginning to hit home and he ached just thinking of her. 
After what seemed like an eternity, Aran finally rolled out of bed, got changed and made his way downstairs. He meandered into the kitchen and fixed himself a plate of scrambled eggs, using some of the eggs that the Akers had left in the pantry. He knew the eggs would go bad pretty quickly, so he ate them as often as he could. He would delve into the canned stuff later on when the fresh food was exhausted. 
After the events of the previous day, Aran really felt like sitting around and doing nothing, but he knew that would just lead to wallowing and self-pity, which was the last thing he wanted. He picked up his list of ideas and scratched out the one about the new island. Glancing at the paper he knew the next logical task to complete would be to go out in the Whaler and pull up the lobster pots that were closest to the island and empty their contents. Although he loved eating lobster, he was not looking forward to hauling up each pot by hand and pulling out the lobsters.  The water was freezing cold, the lobsters pinched and the traps were heavy and cumbersome for one person to haul without power winch. 
Nonetheless, he dressed himself up in warm clothes that he knew would get wet and filthy and headed out to the Whaler.
The day was cloudy, but free of fog and mist, making it decent to attempt the job. He loaded the Whaler up with buckets for the lobsters and brought some gloves and tongs that he found in the kitchen. The lobsters were going to be difficult to handle because he had no rubber bands to bind their claws closed, which could make for a painful pinch if he wasn’t careful. 
His plan was to circle the island first to see how many traps were nearby and easy to reach. Afterwards, he planned on heading back between Squirrel and Ram islands, where he knew he would find plenty of pots in the deep waters between the shores. In the boat shed he found a can of green spray-paint that he brought along to paint the top of the lobster buoys so he would know which ones he had already pulled. This way he would be able to pull up all the pots in the area first and then start the process of baiting the ones he’d emptied and putting them back down to catch more. He thought that if he could just pull, bait and set ten to fifteen pots, he would be set with lobster meat for a good long time.
The day before had been such a shocking turn of events that it made him feel even more connected to the island and the life he was going to make there. This small piece of rocky land was his home now and the more time he spent on it, the more a part of it he felt. He turned around and looked at his small island home and felt a sense of pride. He had always loved the island, but today that love went deeper than before. He knew that it was the only friend he had in the world and that friend could protect and shelter him in these horrific times. 
As he passed by the ocean buoy, he headed left and around the east side of the island, looking for the first signs of lobster buoys. Because Damariscove faced the open ocean, there weren’t the abundance of lobster pots around. He motored around the island before he came to his first buoy, a red and white pot that reminded him of the Swiss flag.
He slowed the motor and pulled up alongside the buoy, grabbing it with his hands and tugging on the rope. He could feel the trap below him moving slightly, but he had to put in a huge amount of effort to dislodge it from the sea floor and get it moving upwards. What had seemed like an easy plan was turning out to be much more challenging that he’d thought. The rope was slippery and the trap was heavy, making it very slow going to get the trap up to the boat. 
After fighting for almost ten minutes, he could see the trap just under the surface of the water, it’s seaweed covered grill coming into view. He latched his fingers around the metal wiring of the trap and hauled it onto on the deck, soaking himself in the process. Looking at the trap he found seven decent sized lobsters inside, struggling to get back to the ocean. Undoing the latches, he reached in and tried to pull out the writhing crustaceans as they snapped and flailed around. The seven of those lobsters put up a hell of a fight and by the time he tossed the empty trap back in the water, his hands were sore and he was soaked with cold seawater. 
He looked down into the bucket at his catch, smiling a little. Those seven lobsters would give him meat for at least five days of meals if he kept the meat frozen and thawed it out each day. He could boil them, shell them, take the meat out and put it in the freezer bags he found in the Akers kitchen. Fresh lobster was the best kind, but he felt that under the circumstances, just having food was quite the luxury. 
He spent the remainder of the morning hours pulling traps, emptying their catch and tossing them back in. Each time he would spray the buoy so he knew which ones to come and bait later. Some of the pots had decent catches and some were lacking, having just a few baby lobsters trapped inside. 
All in all after pulling his last pot for the day, he found that he had thirty-one good-sized lobsters to bring back to the island and cook. Their meat alone would be enough to keep him fed for a few weeks, which gave him a comforting feeling. As he dropped the last trap into the water, he breathed a sigh of relief. It had been a tiresome day, but he felt accomplished and satisfied. He felt like he did something positive and nothing had gone wrong in the process, which seemed to be a first for him. Each of the preceding days had been met with a major dilemma or problem that tainted anything good that could have come out of the task. 
Today, however, everything had gone pretty much as planned and besides it being tough and cold work, it went smoothly. Aran pulled off his gloves, sat down behind the wheel of the Whaler and headed off towards home. He pushed the motor into full throttle and opened her up, the speed and the wind in his hair felt great after working so hard. 
He decided to take the boat for a spin before heading back to the island, enjoying the fresh air and the speed. He hadn’t just gone for a cruise yet and he felt it could be a great ending to the day. 
He wanted to head around Outer Heron Island and then back home, taking a long way back to enjoy the sea and the air. Speeding around the backside of Outer Heron, he kept watch on the shore for any signs of movement, as he was now fully aware of the dangers that any of the islands posed after his encounter the day before. He couldn’t make out any bodies or people along the southern shore so he turned the corner toward the far side of the island. As he rounded the back and came around the rocky shore, he slammed the boat into neutral. 
Just near the end of the island, floating in the water was a small boat and on the back was a boy waving a white towel madly in the air as he saw Aran’s Whaler come into view. 
Aran couldn’t believe what he was seeing and he tried to stop for a second and think before making a quick decision. This was a situation that he knew could change everything, this could be the chance he had been waiting for to find other survivors and bring them to Damariscove. This could be the start of making a valuable life on the island instead of a lonely, miserable existence. He couldn’t tell from a distance whether or not the boy was injured or not, but he knew that it probably wasn’t a trap. There wasn’t any boat traffic on the water; so sitting out beyond Outer Heron waiting for an unsuspecting passerby would be a useless ploy and a waste of time. 
“What should I do?” he whispered to himself. He closed his eyes and tried to visualize the image of Elle sitting next to him on the bench, her hand in his.
“You need to help him,” he heard a soft voice in his head say. “Don’t be afraid.”
Aran opened his eyes and made up his mind in that instant, thrust the boat into gear and sped towards the boy as his boat bobbed up and down on the water. Aran reached down under his seat, grabbed hold of the riffle and slung it over his shoulder. He knew exactly what he would have to do if he saw any signs of open wounds on the boy and he knew that he had to be the aggressor in this case; he had to be the one in control. 
He pulled the boat up close and dropped out of gear, letting it glide to a stop about ten feet from the stern of the boy’s small craft. Aran raised his riffle slowly, taking aim at his head and making it obvious that he was doing it. The boy looked back in alarm and panic at the sight of the riffle. He was a tall, thin kid with longer brown hair and very boyish face. His eyes seemed to sparkle in the dull sunlight and he had a kind, gentle demeanor about him. It was easy to tell that he was an athlete just by looking at him. He was into basketball, maybe soccer, but definitely an athlete. From the looks of him he was a few years younger than Aran. At the sight of the gun, the boy raised both hands over his head, clearly shaking with fear.
“Have you been bitten?” Aran yelled.
“No, my boat died and I have a girl here who needs help. Please,” the boy pleaded.
“Is the girl bit?” Aran yelled back, not lowering the gun or changing his stance.
“No, No, she’s unconscious and she needs water and food. My boat ran out of gas a while ago and we’ve just been floating out here. You’re the first boat we’ve seen.”
Aran thought for a second. The boy seemed to be telling the truth, but it was impossible to tell. By the looks of the boat, no more than two fully-grown people could fit in the small cabin in the bow so it didn’t seem plausible for him to have people stashed down there waiting to ambush when he boarded. 
“How do I know I can trust you?” Aran said.
“Trust, me?” the boy shouted, “Look, my name is Ellis. I was up here visiting relatives for a few days when this went down. I was out on the water fishing when I saw hell breaking loose on the mainland. I’ve been out here for days with almost nothing to eat or drink so if you can’t help me, then pull the damn trigger because I’m dead anyway if you leave me here” 
Aran slowly lowered the gun. This kid wasn’t trying to trap him or trick him. He was a scared teenager, just like himself, trying to survive in this place and he needed help; help that Aran could provide. He lowered the gun, slung it back over his shoulder and motored the boat up close to Ellis’ stern. He tossed out a rope and Ellis tied it on to a cleat on the boat and pulled it tight, connecting the two boats together. Aran climbed onto the bow of the Whaler, took Ellis’ hand and hopped aboard the small boat. 
“Thanks,” he said.
Aran just nodded and looked around the boat. There was a bag full of garbage sitting underneath the steering column that looked like it consisted of some chip bags and a bottle of Gatorade.
“How’d you survive with nothing to drink out here this long?” Aran asked.
“I had two small bottles of water that I brought in that bag,” he said, pointing to the trash. “Luckily I hadn’t drunk them yet when things started happening. I’ve been having sips here and there and trying to get some down the girl’s throat.” He pointed to the closed door to the small cabin.
“Who is she?” Aran asked, curious why he hadn’t used her name.
“I don’t know,” he said, sitting down on the back seat. “Towards the end of the first day, I came across a sailboat floating about on the other side of Pemiquid Point. I pulled up to see if it was like; See if it is was just a floating coffin full of those things. 
Aran shifted in his seat, trying not to think about the face in the window, trying not to allow that image to break though his mind.
“Anyway,” he continued, “When I got around to the stern, I saw this girl waving her arms wildly and screaming for help so I pulled up close and asked her what was wrong. She started crying and babbling about her family and she begged me to take her on board, practically jumped into the boat. When she got on, she fell in a heap in the seat there, babbling and shaking.”
Aran listened as Ellis’ told the story, fighting the urge to smile at the fact that he actually was hearing a real person’s voice and even though he was telling a horrific story, he felt elated for the first time since everything started.
“So I asked her where her family was and she just bawls and sobs and points to the boat. So I jump aboard the little sailboat to find them,” he said.
“Damn, not a good plan. Didn’t you think first?” Aran asked.
“Freak, how was I supposed to know?” he replied, “My mind was moving so fast, I didn’t have time to think, I just acted.”
“So what happened?” 
“So I go towards the cabin doors and I see a fist banging on the glass and I just wasn’t thinking man, so I opened the freaking door.”
“Holy God,” Aran gasped, imagining the scene unfolding in his mind.
“Damn,” Ellis cursed, “As soon as those doors opened these corpses come lunging out at me, arms stretched and screaming like some horrible banshee. A woman, a man and a young girl come tearing out, all of them torn to hell. They had flesh hanging off of wounds and bloody faces; real scary stuff.” 
Ellis was clearly having a hard time retelling his ordeal and Aran could see the fear in his face and the tears in the corner of his eyes as he relived the incident. Aran had been through a lot in the past few days, but this kid had a much worse encounter than he ever could imagine. 
“So I just turned and ran,” he blurted, “I jumped over the side and hit the water.”
“I would’ve done the same thing,” Aran said
“Yeah, I just found the nearest edge and jumped,” he sighed, “Freaking cold water let me tell you. Anyway, I swam for my boat, imagining those freaks jumping in after me, but they just stayed on the boat screaming and reaching for me, clawing at each other. I climbed back on my boat and I saw the girl just staring at the corpses like she was in a trance. She yelled out to them and then collapsed on the floor and she hasn’t woken up since.”
Aran tried imagining what that must have been like for her. To see your family as corpses trying to kill you must have been a horrific experience. He couldn’t even fathom what he would do if it were his parents were mangled, dead and coming for him. He’d probably pass out too.
“Where is she?” Aran asked.
“She’s laying down in the cabin,” he said walking over to the small sliding door that closed off the front of the boat. He flung the door open and Aran poked his head in for a better look. The girl was lying on her side motionless, but clearly alive: her chest slowly rising and falling. 
"She's been like this for a couple of days?" Aran asked.
"Yeah, she hasn't woken up since she saw her family on the deck and I've been trying to get her to eat or drink."
Aran stooped down and pulled back her hair from her face and as he did he gasped and dropped to his knees, tears welling up in his eyes. He rested his hand on her shoulders and looked into the girl’s beautiful blue eyes. 
“Elle,” he cried in her ear, “I found you.”
Company
Aran and Ellis carried Elle into the house and up the stairs to her bedroom. They lay her down on her bed and Aran covered her with her blankets, trying to make her as comfortable as he could. She looked so peaceful lying there in the bed, but Aran knew that she was far from peaceful in her mind. He sat down next to her and stroked her silky hair, looking into her sad face. Tears began to roll down his cheeks as he thought about all the terrible things she had to see and go through. He thought about the people who didn’t survive this mess and wondered if they had it better. It seemed that everyone who had somehow made it past the virus, had to face unspeakable horrors. 
Looking down at Elle, he didn't even know if his tears were of sadness or joy. He was endlessly happy that he had found her alive, but he was scared at the same time. He was afraid that she might never wake up and with each passing hour she lay unconscious, she was one step closer slipping away. 
The trip back to the island had been simple and uneventful and all Aran wanted to do was sit next to Elle so he could be with her in case she woke up. He couldn’t believe the turn of events; that Elle was alive and somehow they had found each other. He feared that it was all a dream in which he would wake up in his bed covered in sweat and alone of the island once again. 
But so far, it all seemed real enough. He went from being alone to have having Elle and Ellis there with him. The girl he dreamed of all winter and whom he thought he'd lost was alive and back on the island. The only thing left was her condition and all he wanted in the world was to for her to wake up.
Ellis brought in another cloth chair from the main bedroom and put it in Elle's room next to the deep, leather chair that was already there. He sat down and laid his head against the back of the chair, obviously exhausted from his ordeal. Aran got up and headed downstairs to make up some sandwiches and snacks for the two of them. He put them on a tray and brought them back upstairs to Elle's room.
"Have some food," Aran said, putting the tray down on the small nightstand next to the bed.
"Thanks," Ellis said, grabbing the sandwich and trying his hardest not to stuff it down his face.
Aran turned back to Elle and watched her for a moment. She was as beautiful as he remembered and even though it had been only three days since he last saw her, it felt like an eternity. 
"Your gonna stay right?" Aran said.
Ellis nodded, swallowing the mouthful he had already bitten. "If you want me to stay, I’d love to stay," he said, "I've got nowhere else to go anyway." 
Ellis stood up, walked over to the window and pulled back the thin curtains, looking out over the harbor.
"This is a hell of place you got here man,” he said, “How'd you get so lucky?"
Aran sat up on the bed, never letting go of Elle's hand as he told Ellis the entire story of the island and how he ended up in the situation he was in. Ellis sat and listened as Aran told him about Tuck, the man in the cabin on the island and his relationship with Elle. When Aran finished his story, all Ellis could do for a moment was shake his head in disbelief.
"You mean the girl that I found on the boat lived on this island?" he asked. "And you two were close?" 
"The last time I saw her, she kissed me," Aran said quietly, looking down at Elle and squeezing her hand gently.
"That's insane," he said, flopping back down in the chair. "I really thought we were screwed and I kept trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do if no one came by."
"You could’ve tried to paddle to the shore of Outer Heron," Aran said.
"Yeah right," he snorted, "After what happened on the sailboat, there was no way I was going anywhere near the shore. Look what happened to you on that little island." 
Ellis got back up and started pacing around the room. Aran could tell he was anxious because he kept looking out the window scanning the surrounding area.
"Relax," he said, "There are no corpses out there. We're safe here."
Ellis shut the curtains and walked back to the other side of the room. "I know," he said, "it's going to take me a while to settle down."
"I hear ya," Aran replied, "I still can't sleep well and I feel on edge most of the time, but I feel safe here now. You will too."
"So what do we do next?" Ellis asked.
Aran pondered the question for a moment. He never really thought about how other people would feel if they ever came to the island or what they would see as a future. He had an idea of what life could be like on the island, but he was unsure if anyone else would see it the way he did.
"We survive," Aran said. "We make sure the place is secure and we survive."
Ellis nodded, but looked like he was not satisfied with Aran's answer. 
"What about our families?" he said distantly.
"Come on man," Aran said, trying to keep himself composed. "You know they're most likely gone. Besides, what can we do? We would die trying to find them."
Ellis flopped back down in the chair and looked up at the ceiling.
"Who'd you leave behind?" he asked
"Mom and dad," Aran said, "What about you?"
"Mom and Dad, a younger brother and an older sister"
"I'm sorry," Aran whispered. 
The room was silent for what seemed like an hour as both boys' minds were lost in thoughts of their families. Aran had lost his parents, or at least he assumed he did, but Ellis had lost two siblings as well. He was alone out there on that boat, scared out of his mind and this must be the first time he was letting his guard down and his emotions flood in. Aran knew first hand that when you let your guard down, memories and thoughts start to creep in.
"You said you were visiting,” Aran asked, “Where did you live?"
"Virginia Beach."
"Did your whole family come up to Maine?" 
"Just me," he said solemnly, "My sister went visiting colleges with my mom and my brother and my dad went to Boston."
Aran could tell that Ellis was on the verge of a breakdown. He could see it in his eyes. His family was nowhere near Maine and, worst of all, they were all split up. He would never be able to find them, even if he tried. 
"Could you find them?" Aran asked.
"Mom and Elizabeth were at UVA on the day it happened. My dad took my brother to a Celtics playoff game. They were probably in the Garden when it broke out." 
"Damn, I’m truly sorry," Aran said.
Aran thought about what it might have been like inside a basketball arena when it all happened. People would be scrambling to get out, knocking each other to the ground and trampling one another. Then, when the first people turned, it would be total mayhem and chaos. There was no way anyone could have survived that. 
"What about your folks?" Ellis asked, "Have you gone back to see?"
Aran shook his head and fought back the tears.
"No, I just don't want to face it. I know they’re gone"
Ellis jumped to his feet.
"You need to go and check it out. You need to go now," he shouted.
Aran was taken aback by Ellis' sudden outburst. 
"Look man," Ellis continued, "Your parents could be alive. You need to know one way or the other."
"I know they’re gone," Aran said firmly.
"How do you know?" 
"I just know okay.”
"I have no way to check on my family. They could be dead or reanimated or worse. You can at least find out. Wouldn't you rather know the truth? Don't you want to find out?"
"You wanna know the truth," Aran shouted. "The truth is I'm scared to death of going to the mainland. If I go to my parent’s house, I'm going to have fight through the dead and I'm not ready to do that right now!"
There was a long pause and Ellis put his hands on his hips and walked around. 
"I get it," he said calmly, "I know that eventually we’ll need supplies. We’re going to have to face them soon enough. Why not try to find your folks first? You said your house was on the water, so it might not be that hard by boat"
Aran thought for a moment. Ellis had a point; there was no doubt about it. He had, on a few occasions, thought about going home. He thought that maybe his parents were locked up in the house, just waiting for help or waiting for him to come and rescue them. Each time, however, he remembered Adam’s words about staying away from the mainland and how good he had it on Damariscove. 
“You’re right,” Aran finally said, standing up and walking to the window. “I need to go see if my parents are dead. Their house is on the water, I can get close and try to see.”
“When are you going to go?” Ellis asked. 
This was the moment he’d dreaded. There was no way he was going to leave Ellis on the island without him there. Ellis seemed genuine, but he wasn’t going to just leave him by himself, not yet. They both couldn’t go and leave Elle lying in her bed because if she woke up while they were gone, she would freak out and possibly hurt herself. The last thing he wanted to do was to drag Elle out on the Whaler in her condition, especially since the boat had no cabin or soft place for her to lie. 
“I’m not going until she wakes up, or until…” Aran stopped, choking on his words. He couldn’t even fathom what he would do if she died without waking up or how he would handle it. 
“I just can’t leave her. I left her once and I almost lost her. I’m not leaving her side, I just can’t. My parents might be alive, but Elle is alive and I’m going to be with her when she opens her eyes.” 
“Yeah, I get it. If, I mean, when she wakes up you should be here. We can go when she comes around.”
The sun had gone down and the last light of its rays were fading from the windows. Ellis had decided to shower and head for bed. Aran imagined he must be exhausted and that he probably got little to no sleep out there alone on the ocean.
“Goodnight,” Ellis said, sticking his head in the door to Elle’s room, “and thanks.”
“Anytime,” he replied, “just go get some rest.”
Ellis nodded and disappeared from the door. 
“Hey Ellis,” he called.
Ellis popped his head back in the door a second later.
“I never thanked you for saving her.”
“You would have done the same thing. I couldn’t have left her there like that. I couldn’t have lived with myself.”
“I’m glad you’re here Ellis. It’s good to have some company for a change.”
Ellis gave a weak smile.
“I’m glad I’m here,” he said quietly. “I appreciate you taking me in.”
He was just about to turn around and walk down the hall when he paused for a moment. 
“You know you can hear them,” he said quietly.
Aran wasn’t exactly sure what Ellis was talking about.
“Hear who?”
“The dead,” he said, “In the middle of night, when everything’s quiet, you can hear the moans and screams.”
With that, he slowly turned around and lumbered into the bedroom, closing the door behind him and leaving Aran with a horrifying mental image.
After a few moments he could hear the soft noise of Ellis lying down on the bed and tossing in the sheets, trying to get to sleep. Those were the sounds that people took for granted when the world was normal. The small sounds of life and of human company that people never really realized existed until they’re completely alone. 
Awakening
Aran spent the whole night in the room with Elle, sitting by her side and praying that she would wake up. He talked to her, held her hand and stroked her hair, whispering words into her ear in hopes that it would trigger something in her to get her brain working.  He lay down next to her, dozing in and out of sleep for much of the night, only waking to check her pulse and her breathing. Once he swore that she had changed positions while he slept, but, when the morning light came through the bedroom window, there was no change in her condition. 
Aran knew it was just a matter of time before it was too late. He knew a person could only go so long without water and food before they could no longer sustain the needs of their body. He had a bottle of water by the bedside that he kept trying to get her to drink, but most of the time it ended up just spilling down her cheek onto the bed sheets.
He got up, stretched and made his way downstairs to grab some breakfast. It was only half past eight and he knew that Ellis would probably be out for hours with everything he'd been through. The house was silent and still and each step he took down the stairs echoed the faint creaking sound of the old, aging wood. He rummaged around the kitchen, looking for something appealing to eat, Elle occupying his every thought. 
He sat down at the small kitchen table and ate his bowl of cereal, his mind wandering to terrible places.
"Morning," Ellis said popping into the kitchen.
"Never expected you to be up this early." Aran said as Ellis sat down across from him.
"Slept better than any other night, but its lousy sleep," he replied.
"Yeah...I wonder when I’ll actually sleep through the night again," Aran said dimly.
He slid the box of cereal over to Ellis and pointed to the cabinet where the bowls were kept.
"So what's there to do for fun around here?" Ellis asked, smiling.
Aran laughed. "This place is full of stuff to do," he said sarcastically, "You should see the nightlife."
After a short chuckle, the boys sat in silence, eating their breakfast and staring around the dim lit kitchen. Both of them had so much on their minds; it was hard to decide what to share and what to ponder. The sun was trying to break through the heavy layer of fog that shrouded the small island giving the inside of the house a grey, eerie feeling. Usually when fog was this dense, the constant drum of the foghorn rang out in the quiet Maine air, but with no one left to man the station, everything in the world was quiet.
"How are the supplies out here," Ellis asked, breaking the silence.
"Pretty decent I guess," Aran replied, "I figured I was set for a few months, but that was with just me. If Elle wakes up, we have enough to last maybe six weeks."
Ellis nodded and sat back in his chair, letting out a deep sigh.
"Then what?" he asked 
Aran thought for a moment, although he knew the answer already. He knew what they were facing and that it was inevitable that at some point, they were going to have to make a run to the mainland for supplies.
"We’ll have to go and get supplies from the mainland," he said, "Not really a choice. We can keep pulling the lobster pots, but we will need more stuff."
"Have you thought about a plan or anything?" Ellis asked.
"Not really. I've got enough here now, so I never really thought beyond that point honestly. I guess I was a bit delusional in a way."
“How so?” he asked.
“I just kept thinking it was all temporary you know. Like one day everything would just go back to normal. So I never really wanted to think about having to worry about supplies down the road. It’s stupid.”
Ellis nodded and got up. He emptied his milk into the sink and washed out his bowl and as he did, he flipped the faucet on and off, watching the water start and stop.
“It’s not stupid,” he said as he washed his dish in the sink. “I kept thinking the same thing out there. I was scared as hell, but I kept thinking that someone was going to fix it all. This is the United States, how can this happen?”
Aran shrugged his shoulders. “I did happen though and I wonder if it will ever be the same again.”
"Not to change topics, but is this place on well water or is it pumped from the mainland?" he asked as he dried his bowl and put it away.
"Don't know," Aran replied. "I know the electricity comes from the mainland, but there is solar panels and a backup generator as well, but I don't know about the water."
"My dad is..," he paused, "was a plumber. I know a bit about plumbing systems. I'll check out the basement and see if I can figure it out."
He opened a cabinet, grabbed a glass and filled it with water from the tap taking a long drink. 
"The water tastes pretty clean." he said. "If they had a well, it would have a salty taste. I think I remember dad calling it brackish water or something like that"
Aran nodded. It was nice to have someone who could help him figure out all the little things he overlooked. The future was so uncertain that it was hard to think about all the things one would take for granted when the world was normal. How would they continue to find food once all the mainland food went bad? How would they survive the cold, brutal winter that was sure to greet them in November? What if the water shut off? All these questions were too big and complicated to think about, but he knew that at some point he would have to start answering them before it was too late.
"We need to make a plan for getting supplies," Ellis said. 
"Yeah, I know," Aran replied.
The two boys both knew what that meant, but neither one of them said it out loud. It meant that they were going to have to face the dead. Not only were they going to have to face the dead, but they were probably going to have to fight them off in their attempt to push to a place where supplies were. Aran knew by the way the man in the cabin came after him that they were aggressive and the thought of the man's fists smashing the glass and tearing his hands wouldn't leave his mind. He couldn't imagine hundreds, or thousand of those things bearing down on him, all trying to get to him. Those things were probably everywhere and neither of them knew anything about what they were capable of. That made it so hard to plan ahead when it came to confronting them because all they knew was that one bite and you were dead, end of story. 
Aran slumped into the couch in the living room and Ellis sat down beside him, letting out a long sigh. 
Just as they sat back they both heard a sound coming from somewhere in the house; a low moaning sound was coming from upstairs.
"Elle!" Aran shouted, jumping up from the couch. 
Ellis grabbed him by the arm before he had a chance to bolt up the stair to her room.
"Let go of me!" he shouted, "What are you doing." Aran struggled to break free of Ellis' grip, but he held fast.
"Listen," he said calmly, "We need to be careful. If she died up there, she could have turned. Don't do something stupid."
Aran thought for a moment and stopped struggling against Ellis' grip. He nodded and put his arm on his shoulder.
"Yeah," he said, "You're right. I never thought of that."
His mind was racing now. They didn’t even know where the virus came from or how it was spread. He was pretty sure that both he and Ellis were immune because they had both come in close contact with an infected corpse and they were both just fine. But what if someone died of other causes, would that person come back? He felt his stomach tighten as he imagined Elle thrashing about in the bed, trying to get to him and Ellis.  
Aran looked around the room and spotted a long metal fire poker leaning against the brick fireplace. He grabbed the iron rod, looked gravely at Ellis and slowly began the accent up the staircase. As he reached the top he could hear soft moaning sounds coming from the bedroom causing his stomach to wretch. What if Elle had turned? Could he actually beat her down with the poker? Horrible thoughts surged through his head and it took all he could muster to push them aside and open the door.
Ellis was right behind him, on his heels and just as afraid as Aran was. The boys slowly approached the bedroom door, the groaning sounds coming in intermittent spurts from inside the room. Aran reached out his hand and pushed open the door, slowly revealing the room. As he opened the door wide with the poker held firm in his hand, a flood of relief overwhelmed him and he dropped it to the floor.
Elle was sitting up in her bed, looking around and clearly confused. At the sight of Aran, an even more puzzled expression filled her face, followed quickly by a weak smile.
"Aran?" she said, "What are you doing here?" 
Aran wasn't sure exactly how to react, but he ran over to her bed and grabbed hold of her. He threw his arms around her delicate body and hugged her tight as if he intended to never let her go.
"I thought I was going to lose you," he cried, refusing to let her out of his arms. "I can't believe I found you." 
Elle pulled slightly away from Aran with her soft, weak arms and wiped the tears from his eyes. 
"You look so sad," she said softly, "Why would you think you lost me?"
Aran lifted his head and looked at Elle and then over at Ellis who had a blank expression on his face.
"Who are you?" she asked, looking at the tall boy standing in the doorway.
"I’m Ellis," he said. 
Aran took hold of Elle's other hand and held it softly in his own as he was beginning to realize that what she had suffered had been so traumatic that she was not remembering any of it. 
"Do you remember anything that happened on your boat?" Aran asked her.
She tilted her head slightly in thought.
"I can't remember the boat. Did we go out on the boat yesterday?"
At that moment, Aran realized that her memory of the entire day must be gone, erased by the horrific experience she went through. She must be thinking she just woke up from the previous day like any other day. No wonder she was so surprised to see him burst through her bedroom door. She was clearly still a bit groggy and confused, but eventually she was going to have to be told the truth and Aran knew he was the one who would have to deliver the news.
Aran sat up on the bed, holding Elle's hands in his. He sat staring into her beautiful eyes for what seemed like an eternity and she just looked right back at him.  It was that very moment that he knew. He knew that she felt the same way about him that he did for her. He could tell by the way her eyes sparkled with a kindness and affection that felt so comforting. He slowly leaned toward her and kissed her on the lips, feeling his emotions boil over with the first touch of their skin. Without letting go of his hands she kissed him back and the two of them locked into the most wonderful kiss that Aran could have imagined. 
When he released her, he felt his heart pounding and his stomach fluttering making everything was a blur. This was what he'd dreamed over the past year. This was his vision of how his first kiss with Elle would be and it was everything he could have hoped for.
Now that he was floating on air, he knew that he had to tell Elle everything. From what he could tell, Elle had lost all memory of the day it happened and he knew that most of the horrific details would remain locked in her brain for all time. How was he going to tell her that her family was dead? How could he possibly explain that the world was now teeming with hordes of walking corpses? But he knew it was inevitable. This was the new reality and Elle would have to come to grips with. It did her no good to think everything was normal when it wasn’t.
"Listen," he said softly, "I need to tell you some things and they're not going to be easy to hear. You just have to trust me, okay"
"I trust you," she said sadly. "I know something is wrong. I just know it. You’re here in my room and with some strange boy that I don't even know."
"What do you remember?"
Elle scrunched her face, trying hard to think back to the last remaining memory she was able to recall.
"I remember kissing you," she said with a weak smile.
Aran's heart jumped and he could feel his palms sweat a bit as he held her hands tight. He knew that what he was going to have to tell her would nearly destroy her. It had nearly destroyed him and he didn't have to see it in person like she had. He struggled with how to begin. How do you explain to someone you care so much about that her entire world is gone? Everything they once knew is no more and everyone they ever knew or loved is dead or re-animated.  He moved closer to her, the comforting smell of her hair filling his nose.
"You can tell me," she said. "Tell me everything."
"You don't want to know everything," he said sadly, looking away from her face, trying to hide his tears.
"I want to know the truth, Aran."
"Okay," he whispered. "I'll tell you everything. Everything I know."
Aran spent the next fifteen minutes retelling the story of what happened to him on the island and the things he'd learned from Adam and from Ellis. He told her about killing Tuck and about talking to Adam on the radio. He told her about the cabin on the island and how the man inside it was tearing himself apart to get to him. He told her about his parents and the frantic call he got from his mom when it all began. He saved the story about how Ellis rescued her and what he had seen on the boat until last, knowing that it would be the hardest pill for her to swallow. He held out his arms and she fell into them, sobbing uncontrollably at the torrent of information that she had just heard. 
All Aran could was do is hold her and console her and that's all he ever wanted to do. He wanted to be her hero, her savior, her angel. He was all she had left in the world and she was all he had. He was going to make sure that he did anything and everything for her. But as much as he wanted to be her protector, he knew he needed her just as much as she was going to need him. He was miserable without her when the world was normal and in this new world, he needed her more than anything, more than each and every breath he took.
A Ray of Light
The days following Elle’s waking were not the easiest of times for Aran. Every morning seemed to bring new memory issues for Elle and Aran ended up having to retell her some of the most painful stories multiple times, each with the same reaction. She was not taking the deaths of her family well at all and Aran ended up spending half his days holding her as she rocked back and forth, sobbing with distraught tears. The horror of what she saw that day and what she must have gone through obviously had devastating effects on her mind. Aran was worried that she was never going to fully recover.  He and Ellis took turns keeping watch to make sure that she didn’t do anything to harm herself. 
On the third night after she and Ellis had arrived, Elle woke up in the middle of the night screaming at the top of her lungs. It took Aran almost half an hour to get her to stop and calm down. Ellis was so worried about how loud her screams had been, that he went outside with the riffle and watched the harbor to make sure she hadn’t drawn any attention. She spent the rest of the night, shaking and crying on Aran’s shoulder, muttering about her sister and her mother.
Ellis was faring much better, although he had his moments where Aran could see that he was struggling as well. 
Aran was doing his best to hold it all together himself. He was so excited when he first brought Ellis and Elle to the island that he never thought about how much extra work it could be with two grieving people to take care of. At times, he felt it was almost easier being on his own because when it was just himself, he controlled his own life. 
Now he had two other people to think about and he had to take them into account when it came to planning long term and short term decisions that needed to be made.
Aran sat down in the living room on the morning of the fifth day of Elle’s waking. She was upstairs sleeping and he had come down for a bit of alone time and to grab a snack. As much as he loved being there for Elle, it was mentally hard to console her almost every waking moment of her day. It was hard for him to look into her deep, blue eyes and see such sorrow and pain. Her eyes carried so much sadness, he ached to be able to fix it and make it all better. He so desperately wanted her to be her old self again, to be the happy, carefree girl that he had fallen so hard for last summer. The girl upstairs only looked like Elle on the outside and Aran was afraid the person who kissed him on the cheek just a week ago might never come back again.
He grabbed the notepad with his “to do” list and sat back against the couch cushion. The last time he looked at his list was before he found Ellis and Elle and he almost laughed out loud at his entry about finding survivors. 
“What'd you got there?” Ellis said as he walked into the living room. 
“Just a to do list I made a while back,” he replied. “Nothing too exciting.”
“You mind?” he said, gesturing to the notepad.
“Help yourself,” Aran said tossing it over.
Ellis looked over the list and tossed it back.
“We’re going to need supplies,” he said after a while. “I know you have that on the bottom of the list, but it’s got to be at the top. We need medicine, more food and clothes. Luckily Elle lived here, but she told me yesterday that she only has few things because she was only here for the weekend.”
Aran felt the knot building in his stomach. He could feel his neck tense and his heart beat in his chest. He knew Ellis was right, but he didn’t want to face the idea of having to go and do it. Going for supplies meant facing the dead and that was something that he had been dreading since the start of this whole thing. Each night he fell asleep, he had nightmares about seeing them and being attacked, but with the exception of seeing the man in the window of the cabin on the island, he had never actually seen one of them. Ellis had actually come face to face with Elle’s dead family, although he hadn't talked about it since the first time he told the story.
“You’re right,” Aran said tepidly, “We do need to plan a supply run. Any ideas?”
“Well, now that Elle is awake, we can go by your parents house and check it out.”
Aran shuddered at the thought. He was hoping that maybe Ellis had forgotten that he had said he would go and see if his parents were okay. Since the whole mess started, he thought about whether his parents were okay, but the truth was he was too scared to find out. At least now, he could hope and dream that they were safe and unharmed which made him feel better somehow. If he went to his house and found his parents had turned like Elle’s family, he wasn’t sure he could handle it.
“Yeah. I need to,” was all that Aran could muster in response to Ellis’ idea. 
“I’ll go with you,” Ellis said softly, “We’ll do it together.”
Aran instantly felt closer. He had just agreed to put himself in harms way to help him. This boy that he had met only days ago had seemed so distant and withdrawn, but his offer to go with him and risk his own life just to see if his parents were okay was a huge gesture. 
“How much planning do you think we’ll need?” Aran asked.
“Depends on how much ground we have to cover to get you your house,” he replied.
“Not much, our dock extends off the shore at the bottom of the backyard. Maybe twenty-five yards from the dock to the back porch.”
“Do you have a fenced in yard?” Ellis asked.
“Naw, My parents liked to be able to interact with the neighbors. They always said fences made them feel trapped.”
Ellis rubbed the back of his head and started pacing the room. 
“If you have no fence, it means that any number of those things could be wandering around your lawn. We need to just drive by in the boat and see what the lawn looks like and if it’s clear we should dock up and make a run for it.”
“We need weapons,” Aran said as he stood up.
“Besides the riffle, what do you have around here?” Ellis asked.
Aran thought for a moment about all the things he had found on the day he did his inventory. All the tools he found were too small to be effective. The hammer and the big wrench would mean getting way to close to them before striking. Broomstick handles and poles from around the house would be broken after a few hard hits and logs and wood from around the property would be too awkward to wield as a weapon.
"While I'm thinking about it, I'm gonna go down and take a look at the water system in this place and see what type of setup they have," Eliis said. He got up and made his way toward the kitchen. "Try and gather as many things that could be used as a weapon that you can."
"If you need anything, just shout," Aran replied.
He watched Ellis leave and then headed up the stairs to Elle's room. She was sitting up in bed, looking out the window. When Aran walked in the room, she turned to him and smiled.
"I am so tired of being sad," she said softly as Aran sat down next to her on the bed. "I want this feeling to go away, I want to feel normal again." She leaned her head against Aran's shoulder, but managed to keep from crying. Aran understood exactly how she felt because he so desperately wanted to feel normal again too, but every time he tried, he thought about how hopeless it all seemed. 
"We have to try to decide what normal is," he said. "Normal is not what we thought it was and it certainly isn't going to be easy to feel normal again, but we are going to have to try. I fight back tears everyday, but I try to focus on the present and not think about the past or the future."
Elle sighed and lifted her head to look at him. He smiled back, her face filling him with a sudden sense of hope and purpose. Maybe all he needed was Elle. Maybe that was the one thing in his life that was important and he could build the rest of his future up around her. When she looked him the eyes with her soft gaze and loving expression, he felt as if everything could eventually be okay again.
"I don't know what I would do without you here," she said. "You saved me."
Aran smiled back and gave a bit of a laugh at the same time.
"Well, actually, it was Ellis who saved you."
"You know what I mean," she said smiling. "You're the one who was there for me when I woke up and it was you who've tried to comfort me. I've been so useless and you have been so patient. I can’t ever repay you?"
"You don't have to repay me for anything. You don't owe me a thing. Just you being here with me is the greatest repayment I could ask for." 
"You don't have to say that," she said. "I know I haven't be easy to deal with."
Aran knew she was feeling guilty and he was desperate to prove to her that that he was privileged to have her company.
"Listen," he said, "when this whole thing began and the reality started to set in, the very first thing on my mind was you. I was so sure that I had lost you forever, that I couldn't even think straight. I know I should have thought about my family first, but the truth is that you were the first thing I thought of. You kept me going when I had to kill Tuck and you spoke to me when I was frozen and bruised on the Whaler. I was able to wake up each morning on the slim hope that I would see you again. When I saw you in Ellis' boat, I had never been so relieved in all my life."
Elle had tears streaming down her face. She grabbed Aran's face with her hands and locked her lips in a hard and passionate kiss. In that moment, she fell in love with Aran. She knew that he was everything she could ask for and everything that she wanted. With each passing second of their kiss, she felt the sadness of her family begin to slowly melt away and the happiness of her love shine through the darkness. She was going to be okay. She was going to survive and live on and she was going to do it by Aran's side.
The Journey
The next morning dawned bright and beautiful. Aran woke up as the bright sunlight pierced through the windowpane, illuminating his face. His heart was beating rapidly and his face was flushed. 
Today was the day he and Ellis were going to his house to see if his parents were still alive or in need of help. He tried to sleep that night, but he kept waking up in cold sweats and night terrors. For the first time, it had been Elle who comforted him by stroking his hair and whispering words into his ear. His breakthrough with Elle the day before had given him such a high and the feeling of dread and fear about going to his house was in such stark contrast to that. 
He got himself ready and slowly made his way downstairs. Elle had headed down before Aran was even out of bed and by the time he got to the kitchen, she had already made him some breakfast. She was bustling around the kitchen with renewed vigor and purpose. Aran was so happy to see her up and moving around for the first time.
"Are you sure you're going to be okay here on your own?" Aran asked as he took a bite of his toast.
"Of course," she replied, "Just make sure you come back," she said pointing a spoon in his direction.
She sat down next to him and tickled the back of his neck, giving him goose bumps. Aran closed his eyes and let the sensation of her delicate hands tingle though his body. If the world were normal, this would be a perfect moment. This was the type of moment he had been dreaming about over the last year. This was what he wanted. Unfortunately, the world had to crumble around him to get his wish, but he wasn't entirely sure he would trade his current relationship with Elle for a normal world. She sat down next to him and started eating her own breakfast.
"Have you thought about what you guys are going to do if you get into trouble?' she asked, grabbing hold of his hand.
Aran shook his head. It was one thing they hadn't really thought about. What would they do if something bad happened? He shuddered at the thought of being stuck out there with no way out.
"Don't know," he replied with a forced smile, "I guess we'll have to improvise" 
Just then, Ellis came into the kitchen swinging a length of black pipe.
"Mornin you two," he said smiling, "Glad to see you up and about my dear."
"Thanks," Elle replied, "It feels good be outta bed."
"Look what I found down in the basement," he said smiling. 
He gave the length of piping a good baseball swing. It looked to be about three feet long and made of solid iron. It would make a great weapon and Aran felt a bit better knowing that they both would have something to use if they got into trouble.
"So what's deal with the plumbing?" Aran asked.
"Well, the bad news is that we are running on city water right now," Ellis said.
Aran sighed. Running on city water meant that when the power finally went out and the pumps shut down, the water flow would stop.
"Is there any good news?" he asked hopefully.
"There is," Ellis said with a smile. "The people who set this place up dug a well and must use it sparingly or during the winter when the mainland water pipes are turned off. The pipes that run to this island sit above ground, so they must have to shut them off when the temperature drops below freezing or the pipes would freeze solid and burst."
"How does it work?" Elle asked.
"So, there is a separate system for the well. All you do is flip a big handle and turn on the power to the well pump and it’s set to go."
"Can we drink it?" Aran asked.
Ellis just shook his head.
"The water is brackish, which means it has some serious salt in it. If you drank too much, you would dehydrate yourself. Plus it wouldn't taste good either."
"At least we can shower and clean dishes and stuff," Elle said and she started to tidy up the plates from breakfast.
"Don't think it's salty enough to ruin clothes or anything, but when we go for supplies we’ll need a ton of fabric softener so our clothes won't be stiff after we wash them," Ellis replied.
"You're a regular house husband," Elle joked.
"Hey, I had to help my mom out all the time. I know some domestic stuff."
The three of them laughed, taking quite a bit of tension out of the air.
Ellis continued to pace around the kitchen and twirling the pipe in his hands, very anxious to get their day started. Aran wondered if he was looking forward to coming face to face with the corpses by the way he was acting. Aran was certainly not excited about the prospect, even though he felt better with the pipes. If he had the choice of going out to face the dead, or spending the day with Elle, he knew exactly what he would choose.
Aran sat back down at the table and Ellis sat down beside him.
"So," he said, "You ready to get started?"
Aran put his hands on his forehead and pushed hard against his skull. 
"I guess," he said 
"It's gonna be okay," Ellis said reassuringly. 
"You sure about that?"
"Look, we pull up to the dock and if there are a ton of those things, we turn around and come back."
"What if things go bad? Aran asked. "How are we going to get back?"
Ellis just sighed and looked out the kitchen window. 
"We fight," he said softly. "We use our weapons and fight our way back to the boat. I found a couple of these pipes down there, so we both have one along with the rifle."
Elle sat back down next to Aran and pulled his head against her chest. She stroked his hair and smiled at him.
"You'll be fine," she said softly. "Nothing will happen to you because you have to come back to me." 
Aran could feel the tears trickle down his cheeks. He didn't want to leave Elle behind, but the thought of taking her into danger was not something he was willing to do. He lifted his head and kissed her on the lips and without another word he stood up.
"Let's go," he said, grabbing the black pipe that Ellis had laid on the kitchen table.
Ellis hopped up and followed him out the door and into the living room, a certain bounce in his step. Aran had a sudden sense of determination. If he was going to survive this new world, he was going to have to face it. He was going to have to be able to go out into the world with those monsters and face them. He couldn't hide on Damariscove forever and pretend that world around him wasn't dead, rotting and dangerous. He had to protect Elle and to do that he was going to have to be strong. 
"Good luck," Elle said as the boys left through the front door and headed out into the bright sunlight. Aran turned around and ran back into the house scooping Elle up and spinning her around, kissing her over and over.
"I promise I will come back," he said. "I promise."
Elle just smiled at him and touched his cheek.
"I know you will," she said smiling. "Now go!"
Aran ran back out the door to catch up with Ellis who was already at the dock. They had decided to park the Whaler at the dock the day before so that it would be easy to board on the day they left. Ellis immediately began to until the bowline, unwinding the wet rope from the iron cleat.
"Do you think they make noise like in the movies?" Aran asked.
"Yeah," Ellis groaned as he held the Whaler against the dock. "They make a horrible sound."
"What does it sound like?" Aran asked as he jumped into the boat.
Ellis tossed the bowline in the boat and untied the stern. He gave the boat a slight push and jumped in as Aran threw the throttle into gear and slowly motored the boat through the narrow harbor.
"It's a screaming sound," Ellis said as they were underway. "It's not like in the movies. They don't moan and groan. When they see you, they scream this horrible, high-pitched scream. I can still hear it in my head."
Aran cringed at the thought of a dead body lunging at him screaming in a high-pitched wail. He would have preferred a moaning sound like in all the zombie movies he watched.  He tried to shake the image out of his head and think about something else. 
They passed through the channel and out into the open water of the Atlantic. It was a quiet and calm day on the ocean with little more than a few ripples breaking the surface of the blue-grey sea. With each passing minute, his heart pounded harder and harder as he thought about what they might face when they got to his parents boat dock.
"Hopefully today will give us an idea of what these things are like to deal with," Ellis shouted as the boat sped toward the mainland of East Boothbay.
"I hope we don't see a single one of them," Aran yelled back.
Ellis just shook his head. "We need to get an idea of how they act and what attracts them. I know that you want to avoid them, but we need to prepare ourselves for when we have to go for supplies, when we don't have the option to turn back."
Aran knew he was right, but he just couldn't get excited about the idea of coming face to face with a rotting, walking body. He steered the boat around the channel buoy and saw the main strip of land that made up the end of East Boothbay. His parent’s house was just minutes from coming into view and he felt sick to his stomach at the thought of what he might encounter.
"Can you get closer to the land?" Ellis shouted.
"A little, but it's a bit rocky over there, the last thing we want is to run aground."
Aran got the boat as close to the shoreline as he could safely go without the danger of running into the shallows. Ellis pulled out a pair of binoculars that he grabbed from the house and began to scan the shore. 
"I can see some of them wandering around," he said. "Hard to tell how many though."
Aran felt like someone had just slugged him in the gut. He knew that they would see them, but somehow he had this fantasy that it was all just a dream. He imagined opening the door to his parents house to see them sitting in the living room and jumping up when they saw him. His mother would run to him crying and screaming 
"Where have you been Aran, we were so scared." she would say. 
His father would say nothing, but just shake his head and hug him along with his mother.
"Slow down," Ellis yelled as he gripped Aran's shoulder, "Now!"
Aran throttled down and the boat sank down in the water, sending wake towards the rocky shore. 
"They can hear the sound of the boat," Ellis said, "They're following us."
"What! Are you serious?" Aran said as he tried to look for himself.
The boys sat motionless in the boat, silent as a grave. 
After several moments of bobbing up and down in the water, Ellis looked back on shore. 
"They seem to have lost the sound, they are wandering around a bit more but don't go any faster, I don't think they can hear the engine at idle speed."
Ellis came back and stood next to Aran as he navigated the boat around the corner and toward the hub of Boothbay harbor. Ellis clapped a hand on his shoulder and laughed.
"Well, now we know they can hear," he said, "We learned something at least; don't make any damn noise."
"Yeah." 
As they moved down the shoreline he watched the familiar houses pass slowly by. He wondered what happened to his friends and neighbors that he was so accustomed to seeing out and about. He thought about old Mrs. Jackson and her insanely manicured garden and Mr. Page and his oddly painted house that sat on the end of the cul-de-sac. Then he saw it, looming in front of him like a beacon. His parents’ small dock came into view, looking exactly same as it did the day he stepped off it and into his kayak. 
Aran's parents owned a small ocean cottage near the end of East Boothbay that sat on a little bluff just up from the waters edge. It had it's own small boat dock that his parents used for sitting and relaxing. Aran would tie up his kayak there, but he had never been able to own a powerboat and always felt jealous of the kids who sped by on their own boats or jetskis. The dock had a wooden ramp that extended to the edge of the lawn where it was met with a stone pathway that wound it's way through his mother's gardens up to the back porch of the house. 
The little cottage was single story and white with black trim and shutters to close during the harsh winter storms. Even though his house was small, he loved how cozy it felt. His room was a good size, but felt close and comforting. What he liked most about the house was that he could hear all the sounds of an occupied home. When he woke up in the morning, he could hear the clinking sound of his mom eating cereal and the ruffling of his dad reading through the newspaper on a Saturday morning. On top of the familiar sounds from inside, he could also open the window and drown out all the inside sounds with the calming sounds of the ocean. 
"There it is," he said to Ellis as he slowed to idle.
"Wait," Ellis said. "Go out into the water a bit, let's check it out before we tie up."
Aran turned away from the shore and made a big arc before aiming the boat directly at the dock. Ellis jumped up on the bow to get a good look. 
"I can see a couple of them a few houses down, but I don't see any in your parents lawn." He jumped back down. "Let's do this. Pull up to the dock."
Nervously, Aran pulled the Whaler slowly up to the little dock and when the bow bumped the wood, Ellis jumped off and pulled the boat into place, tying off the bow and stern lines to the little cleats on the edge of the dock. Aran cut the motor, shouldered his riffle and grabbed the pipes. He tossed one to Ellis before he jumped out onto the dock.
This was it. His heart was racing and his adrenaline was running high. He actually felt good. He felt alive and ready to take on anything that came their way. It was so strange to feel this way after being so nervous and sick just a few minutes before. 
He followed Ellis up the ramp and into the yard. Ellis turned quickly and put his hand to his lips, signaling Aran to keep quiet as he pointed to the left with his other hand. Aran looked and immediately saw what Ellis was pointing at. 
In the neighbor’s back yard, two bodies were milling about like they were in some sort of a trance. At first it looked as if they were two normal people walking around their lawn, but a closer look told another story. The man, who wore a blue and white checked shirt, was missing his arm from the shoulder down and strands of muscle and tendons were hanging from where his arm used to be attached. He was wearing a Red Sox hat that was slightly tilted and dirty with brown stains. The woman looked a bit better, but it was clear by the huge gash in her neck and the tears in her face that she was not a normal, living human being. The couple seemed unaware that Aran and Ellis were there, but he knew that could change in an instant. 
They were pretty sure that the corpses could hear, but they had no idea what the state of their vision was. The bodies in the lawn next door were not walking with the classic outstretched arms, but more like a slow meandering stroll. Their heads were constantly moving and looking in different directions, but they had not seen or heard the boys yet. Ellis stopped, and turned back to Aran.
"I think we need to make some noise on the other side of their lawn and see how they react," he whispered.
"Are you nuts? You want to DRAW their attention."
"No, I want to throw something over there that will make a sound and see if they follow it." 
Ellis looked around the immediate area and saw a broken piece of edging brick near his mother's vegetable garden. He bent down and picked it up, tossing it lightly in his hand a couple of times. He looked at Aran and he gave him a slight nod. As hard as he could, he threw the piece of brick at the neighbor’s window, shattering the glass with an ear-piercing crash.
"Damn, nice shot. Now get down." Aran whispered.
Ellis dropped to the ground, pulling Aran down at the same time. The couple in the lawn spun around as if on a dime and ran toward the source of the sound at an alarming speed. They started pounding on the remaining broken pieces of glass from the window and although the sound they made from the pounding was loud, Aran didn't hear the screaming that Ellis had mentioned.
"Jesus those things are fast," Ellis said. "Did you see that?"
Aran had seen it and it made him jumpy and nervous. The speed at which the couple had crossed the lawn to the window was astounding, especially given that they were older. They had to have been in their sixties, but they sprinted like they were teenagers. If they all were like that, it would be a major problem if they were discovered and if old people were that quick, how fast would younger corpses be. 
"How the hell could we outrun them if they're that fast?" Aran whispered as they watched the couple continue to mangle their hands trying to tear through the window.
Ellis just shook his head. "Let's keep going," he said. 
Aran followed Ellis as he made his way through the gardens and up to the back porch. The house seemed exactly the same as when he last left it and he could almost envision his parents sitting in the sunroom reading and watching the boats pass by on their way to and from Boothbay. 
"Check the windows first," Ellis said as he slowly approached one that looked into the little house. Aran's fear was now creeping back in and this was the moment he dreaded. Were his parents going to lunge out at him, screaming and running? He peered into the window that looked in the kitchen but everything seemed to be normal. Nothing was strewn across the floor and there were no signs of blood or bodies. He walked over to Ellis and looked in the window attached to the living room. 
"It's seems to be clear," Ellis whispered. "You ready for this?"
"No, but let' go," Aran gasped as he grabbed the porch door and opened it slowly.
The inside of the living room was dark and gloomy and the curtains had been drawn. There was a light smell of dampness that seemed to hang in the air. The house had been closed up for more than a week now and the damp sea air was making the house start to smell funny. 
Both boys moved slowly and cautiously into the room, scanning constantly for any signs of movement. They both knew now how fast the bodies moved and how quickly and easily it would be to be ambushed. 
Neither of them made a sound as they slinked through the room, heading for the kitchen. Aran cautiously opened the door to the kitchen and peeked around the corner. Nothing moved and no sound came from the eerie, dark room. Just as Aran opened the door a bit more, his cat jumped from the top of the refrigerator and leaped towards the door. Aran ducked, but Ellis was unaware of what was happening and in a panic swung his pipe like he was at batting practice. The pipe cut through the air and collided with the doorframe with a deafening crash. Both boys looked at each other in horror. 
Aran moved first. He turned around and bounded up the stairs, two at a time with Ellis close on his heels.
"What the hell are you doing?" Ellis whispered as loud as he could manage. "Have you lost your mind?"
Aran wasn't listening. He dashed down the upstairs hall and flung open the door to his room. Just as before it was empty and untouched, looking the exact same as he left it on that fateful Saturday morning. His books lay on his bed and his clothes were still strewn all over the floor.  He had never been a very organized kid, which was evidenced by the condition he had left his room in. His mother was always nagging him to be more neat and tidy, but it just wasn't something that was important to him.  Now looking at his messy room he felt a bit guilty; Guilty for not listening to his mom and even guiltier for leaving that morning. 
It was in this moment, Aran could feel the silent tears running down his face as he began to realize all that he'd really lost and all that was now sitting on his shoulders. Even though Elle was his own age, he felt responsible for her now and it was his job to keep her alive and to protect her against this new world. He felt an obligation to Ellis too. He knew that Ellis was just as self-sufficient as he was and perhaps even more so, but he was the one who brought Ellis to Damariscove, so he felt as though he needed to keep him safe as well.
Ellis poked his head around the door, looking in the room with a look of worry on his face. 
"Are you mad?" he said, slightly out of breath. "We agreed to do this slowly."
"We also agreed to do it quietly too," Aran replied. "Who knows how many of those things you attracted with that pipe."
"Sorry," Ellis muttered.
"Not your fault," Aran said patting him on the shoulder as he walked past him in the doorway. "You just reacted, that's all." 
Aran moved down the hallway, opening the guestroom first and then moving on to his parents’ room.
"You check the guest room," Aran whispered back to Ellis. "I'll check my parent's room."
Ellis nodded and headed slowly into the small guest room that was adjacent to Aran's bedroom. Aran opened the door to his parent’s room and stepped inside. The room was a mess. The drawers of the dresser were hanging open and the closet was torn apart. It was clear the instant Aran saw the room that his parents had packed and grabbed stuff in a terrible hurry. He closed the door and headed downstairs, passing the guestroom where Ellis was looking around.   At the base of the stairs he turned and made his way through the kitchen to the garage. 
He opened the small door that led from the kitchen and saw exactly what he had thought he would see. His mother’s Mazda Miata was sitting on the far side of the garage, the top still down from her last pleasure trip. His father’s SUV was gone from its usual spot nearest to the house. 
Aran didn’t quite know how to feel. On one hand he was relieved that he didn’t find them dead or returned, but on the other hand, he had no idea where they had gone or what could have happened to them. If they got away safely, why hadn’t they come to the island since they knew he was out there? The questions kept popping in his head and now that he knew they hadn’t died in the house, he wanted even more to know where they had gone. 
A sudden flood of emotion washed over him and he staggered to a kitchen chair, where he struggled to catch his breath. The island and all the dramatic things he had to deal with had suppressed the pain and the loss of his old life, until now. Now that he was in the familiar home that he grew up in, the magnitude of the situation began to bear down on him. There was a very good chance he would never see his mother or father again. So many small pleasures that he had once taken for granted, were never going to happen again. He could almost smell the hot chocolate, hear the kettle on the stove, and his mom bustling around the kitchen. 
“Aran!!” Ellis’ voice suddenly rang out in the silence of the house.
Startled, he bolted from the table and flew up the stairs; cursing under his breath at how much noise Ellis had made yelling his name. He burst through the room to see Ellis standing and staring out the small window that overlooked the little street below.
“What the hell was that?” Aran half whispered and he walked over to the window.
Ellis didn’t answer; he just stood and stared out the glass pane. As Aran moved closer, a deep sense of dread hit him in the pit of his stomach. The way Ellis was standing at the window, silent and stiff was very unlike his usual posture. 
“What’s the matter,” Aran asked, becoming more nervous with each passing second.
Still he said nothing. All he did was lift his arm and point out the window. Aran moved closer and looked out through the textured windowpane to the most horrific sight he had ever seen.
Trapped
“We’re screwed,” Ellis whispered as Aran slowly inched closer to the window. 
The street below was hardly visible due to the massive crowd of bodies that was forming outside the house. There were hundreds of them, a huge mass of mutilated corpses trying to force their way towards the house. Aran’s gaze moved from body to body, watching in horror as they ripped and tore at each other in an effort to get closer to the source of the sound that must have attracted them.
“What do we do?” Aran said quietly.
“I don’t know,” Ellis said, not moving a muscle. It was as if he was rooted to the spot, completely unable to move.  Aran continued to watch them, transfixed on the sea of dead corpses pushing themselves forward and against the house. It was only going to be a matter of time before something gave way and the sea of rotting bodies flooded into the downstairs. 
“We’ve gotta move,” Aran said, “now!”
Ellis seemed to break out of his trance and the boys moved from the window and out into the hallway. They ran down to the small window that looked out over the back of the house. Aran put his hands against the glass to see through the glare of the sunlight.
“Oh God!” he said dejected. “They’re all over the back yard.” 
Ellis pushed to the window to look for himself. The backyard was much clearer than the front street, but there were still at least twenty or thirty bodies all over the back yard. Some of them were just milling around, but others were at the back windows, banging against the glass. They could hear the numbing sound coming from the stairwell as the bodies beat endlessly on the sides of the house.
“How are we going to get past them,” Ellis said. “You saw how fast they are, they’ll swamp us in like two seconds.”
Aran thought for a moment. It would not be much longer before something gave way and those things started getting in. They had to get out. Aran’s mind raced as he tried to think of something. Suddenly he bolted back down the hallway and into his room.
“Hey,” Ellis called behind him, “where are you going?” 
Aran ran to his closet and started rummaging through the boxes that were stacked at the back. 
“What are you looking for?” Ellis said
“Last year we went to South Carolina for a wedding and on the way home we bought a ton of fireworks. I only used some of them last summer. I know the rest are here somewhere.” 
Ellis immediately understood what Aran was doing; he was going to divert their attention.
Ellis jumped in to help. The two boys tore apart the closet as the steady pounding of the dead continued. 
A crash of broken glass rang out and the boys looked at each other in terror. They had broken the window. It would not be long before some of them would get in and once that happened it would be very hard to get out. Aran tipped over a big, cardboard box and out poured what they were looking for. 
“These bottle rockets might work,” Ellis said as he started grabbing handfuls of the moon rockets. “They don’t go far, but they make noise.” 
Aran wasn’t paying attention, though; he was still digging through the box.
“To hell with bottle rockets,” he said. Aran pulled out a backpack and tossed it over to Ellis. "But fill that thing up with everything you can, we might need them later."
Ellis shoved everything he could find that made noise into the bag, forcefully zipped it closed and slung it.
"Now what," he said.
“This thing might do it," Aran said holding up what looked like a really thick paper towel tube attached to a square base. “This mortar shell is pretty big and it’s super loud when it goes off.”
“Yeah, but those things shoot straight up,” Ellis said, “We need the corpses to go away from here.”
Again Aran didn’t respond, he jumped up and ran from the room. Ellis just shook his head and left with him. He bolted down the hall and into his parent’s room. He immediately ran to the dresser and ripped open the top drawer. He grabbed a lighter that he knew his dad kept for his cigars and ran back through the door.
When Aran reached the guest bedroom, he ran for the window.
“This isn’t going to work,” Ellis said as Aran flipped the latch and started pushing up the window.
“It has to or we’re done for,” Aran replied. “Now get over here and help me hold this.”
Ellis just shrugged and walked over to the window. 
“Look,” Aran said, “If we point this thing at an angle it should explode on the other side of the house across the street. Maybe they will hear the noise and start moving away.”
“Worth a shot I guess.” Ellis grabbed hold of the base and they angled it out the window. 
“Won’t it make noise once it goes off,” Ellis asked, awkwardly holding the base.
Aran shook his head. “No, it has a little sound, but the loud noise comes when the shell goes off.” 
Aran lit the fuse and watched as the spark moved quickly up the green wire. Aran and Ellis both held the base tight to make sure that when the mortar fired, it stayed aimed the way they wanted it. When the fuse burnt to the base, the mortar fired with a dull thud.
The tube launched the mortar ball over the street and a few houses down. When it finally exploded the noise was terrific. Not only did the shell explode with a loud crack, but it sent smoke and colorful sparks everywhere. Even in the daylight, it was easy to see. 
The boys dropped the smoking base, stood up and looked out the window. With bated breath, the boys watched in delight as a large group of the corpses began to move quickly in the direction of the explosion.
“I think it’s working,” Aran said breathless.  “Go to the hallway and see what’s going on in backyard.”
Ellis ran back down the hallway and looked out the small window. The crowd of bodies had thinned significantly, leaving just a handful trying to get in the house. 
“There’s still some out there,” Ellis called out in his loudest whisper. 
Aran came down the hallway and looked out for himself. His stomach knotted at the sight. He had really hoped that they would all have gone away. 
Both boys stood at the window, watching the few remaining bodies beat on the back windows. They both knew what had to happen and neither of them wanted to face it. Ellis’ skin had gone pale and the confidence that he showed earlier in the day had faded. He was no different than Aran. They were both scared teenage boys faced with the most terrible situation and nothing that they did could change that reality. 
“We should get out of here,” Aran said as he leaned against the small windowsill.
“Yeah, I know,” Ellis replied, not moving. 
Aran was the first to react. He pushed past Ellis and made for the stairs. Trying to keep his nerve, he went to the kitchen to grab the metal pipes that they had left on the counter. He heard Ellis coming down the stairs behind him. He handed him one of the black pipes and nodded, trying to silently convince himself he was ready. Without a word, Ellis nodded back and the two boys headed for the back of the house.
They crept slowly into the living room, very aware that the infected corpses were still pounding against the large glass windows that looked out over the back lawn, making a drumbeat like some kind of macabre marching band. Aran could feel the fear gripping his mind. He held the pipe up in a batter’s stance as they crept slowly and silently across the room towards the back door of the house. Aran caught a glimpse of one of the bodies in the window out of the corner of his eye. It was a little girl, bight blonde hair to her shoulders and a pretty face that seemed so innocent. Aran stopped and looked at the little girl and she coldly stared back as she thumped against the glass. She looked so sad, but yet so enraged all at the same time. For a split second he actually thought the girl might be a survivor trying to get in and just as he was about to call out to her, she turned her head, revealing a massive chunk torn out of her neck. Aran spun his head and wretched on the floor, gagging on the horrible image that would never leave his mind.
 Ellis moved forward and looked out the small window at the top of the back door, trying to see what else awaited them in the shadows.
“There is one of them right outside the door,” he whispered, with a shaking voice.
“What do you think we should do?” Aran asked.
“We have no choice,” Ellis replied, “we just have to open the door and swing.”
He heard the words exit Ellis’ mouth, but he couldn’t believe what he was saying. Was this the best plan? To just open the door and hope that they could dispatch the thing that lurked on the other side.
“But the others will follow once they hear us,” he whispered back in a panic.
“What other choice do we have?” Ellis said sharply, “This is the only way to the backyard and you know what it looks like out front. There’s no other way.”
Aran knew deep down that he was right, but the idea that they would be fending off multiple corpses was not something he was ready to face. He felt frozen and petrified. Tears began to well up in his eyes and utter panic set in. Aran looked over at Ellis and saw that it was happening to him too and put his hand on his shoulder. He felt bad for Ellis, but even more he felt empathy. He felt the exact same way. 
“It seemed so easy to talk about back on the island,” Ellis said quietly.
“What?” 
“Back on the island. I was so confident that this would be easy; like playing a video game. I was so stupid. What the hell was I thinking?”
Aran could see the guilt and remorse etched on Ellis’ face. For some reason, Ellis believed that it was his idea to come, but Aran wanted to do it. He had to come and see if his parents were still here despite his hesitations to face the dead. He didn’t want Ellis to take the emotional burden of what was happening because it wasn’t his fault.
“It doesn’t matter. What matters is that we have to get the hell out of here. Now! Let’s just do this. I will throw open the door and we’ll take this thing on. You ready?” 
Ellis nodded and gripped his pipe, gritting his teeth and opening his legs in a split. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Aran gripped the doorknob and slowly turned it until he heard the small latch release and the door move slightly in his hand. Counting down in his head, he flung the door open and took his stance. 
The corpse made a horrible screeching sound and advanced on the open doorway as soon as it heard the creak of the door. Aran didn’t hesitate; he took a hard wide swing like he was back in school playing ball on the school field. The blunt end of the pipe made contact with the corpse’s skull with a sickening crunch. The body staged over and fell to the ground, landing at an awkward angle with its legs sprawled across the grass. With all the commotion, the other corpses that were banging on the window turned and began to advance. 
“Run!” Aran yelled as he bolted across the porch and jumped down to the lawn. Ellis followed, narrowly missing a lunge by the same little girl Aran had just seen in the window. Ellis could feel the girl’s hand try to grab the back of his shirt as he ran for his life. He felt the cold hands of a dead woman graze the back of his neck as she tried to take him down and tear his flesh. 
The scene was a blur. Both boys were running as fast as they could across the back lawn, trying to get to the dock and into the safety of the Boston Whaler. Bodies seemed to be coming out of nowhere as they sprinted around the gardens. Ellis saw a particularly fast moving corpse coming at him from the left. He knew there was no way he was going to avoid running into it unless he acted. Still at a full run, he swung the pipe with one hand at the sprinting body trying to hold onto the pipe and keep his balance at the same time.  The pipe nicked the corner of the man’s head, taking a chunk out of his skull. The blow caused the body to stagger and slow for split second but it corrected itself and continued to pursue him. Ellis felt the bile rise in his throat as he stumbled headlong toward the dock. The blow from the pipe slowed the corpse enough for Ellis to run past, but it was still after him and close on his heels. Ellis could no longer control his body as he lurched forward and threw up the building bubble of churned bile and processed food in his stomach. The adrenaline of the situation along with the strain of running and the pain of vomiting made Ellis’ world go hazy. He could barely see in front of him and the world seemed to be moving in slow motion. Every sound was dulled and every motion he made seemed labored and cumbersome. He could see stars in front of his eyes and his vision started to blur as he stumbled down the sloping lawn towards the wooden boat dock. 
Aran got to the dock first, bolting down the narrow ramp toward where they had left the Whaler tied up. He jumped into the boat and turned the key in the ignition. The boat roared to life, flooding Aran with relief. But the relief was short lived. He looked up the dock and saw Ellis struggling down the lawn; two corpses close on his heels. Aran had no time to run back. It was too far and he would never make it. 
Without thinking, he grabbed the riffle and raised the sight to his eye. As best he could, he aimed and pulled the trigger. The riffle report thundered in the air and one of the bodies dropped like a sack to the ground, breaking an arm as landed and rolled across the ground. Aran aimed again and pulled the trigger. The riffle rang out again, but this time his aim wasn’t as true. Ellis let out a gut-wrenching scream that pierced the cool spring air. In that same instant, Ellis fell to the ground, tumbling from his momentum like a rag doll and landing with a thud.
“Oh dear Jesus Ellis,” Aran cried. 
The second corpse was nearly on him. Quickly, Aran aimed for a third time and pulled the trigger. Nothing. The bullet whizzed past and buried itself in a nearby birch tree, splintering the trunk like it was a pencil. The body jumped and grabbed hold of Ellis’ his leg as he was slowly writhing on the ground. As calmly as he could, Aran fixed the scope against his eye for the fourth time. He focused on the head of the woman that was trying to tear into Ellis’ leg. When he was confident he was ready, he squeezed. The riffle kicked back against his chest and the corpse’s head exploded in a torrent of blood and gore. The body fell limp and against the ground. 
Aran jumped from the boat. He could see the hoard of bodies that were tearing around the house, aroused by the sounds of the riffle shots. 
“Ellis! Ellis, get up!” Aran yelled as he ran down the dock to the edge of the grass where Ellis lay in a heap.
“Oh God, please get up.” Aran cried as he bent over Ellis’s body.
Aran could not make out where the bullet had hit him. He grabbed hold of his legs and dragged him down the dock, not caring if he hurt him further or not. The teems of bodies were in the backyard now and moving fast. 
“Come on!” he yelled as he pulled Ellis along the splintery boards towards the idling Whaler. 
The fastest of the corpses was halfway down the lawn and moving like the wind. He was almost to the dock and Aran pulled with all his might. For half a second, he thought of just leaving Ellis on the dock and getting away. He contemplated using Ellis as bait to ensure his own survival. He thought about Elle and how he had to get back to her. He had to see her again and feel her soft touch on his skin. But how could he possibly face her knowing that he’d not only shot Ellis by accident, but left him for dead on the dock. He shook off the idea and kept dragging. 
By the time he got to the Whaler, the corpses were on the dock and closing in. He heaved Ellis’ limp body into the boat and started to push it away. The first of the bodies was suddenly on him. They were faster than he realized and Aran knew that they would swamp the boat if he didn’t do something. Reaching down, he snatched the pipe that was still clutched in Ellis’ hand and swung blindly at the oncoming body. The pipe struck the corpse across the lower torso, disrupting its balance and sending it flailing into the cold water. 
Aran jumped into the boat and threw it into gear. The boat sped ahead leaving behind a crowd of corpses pushing each other into the water, still trying to reach the escaping boat.
As soon as he was clear, Aran put the boat into neutral and bent over to look at Ellis. He rolled him on his back and put his ear to his heart. He could hear a slight heartbeat and feel the pulse slowly beating through his neck. A small pool of blood was forming on the floor of the boat, springing from the wound Aran inflicted trying to save Ellis' life. Aran looked him over, trying to find the source of the blood. After several frantic moments, he saw the wound. 
Just under Ellis' left arm, Aran could see a tear in his shirt and a circular pool of blood that was spreading. He tore off the shirt at the site of the hole, trying to assess the extent of the damage. After wiping away the blood, relief spread over Aran and he sank back on his heels with a sigh. He had only just grazed Ellis, leaving nothing more than a surface wound that could easily patched with a large Band-Aid. 
He used Ellis' torn shirt as a bandage and patched him up the best he could. He lay Ellis down on the floor of the Whaler and quickly made for Damariscove, leaving the hoard of corpses riled and angry on the shores of East Boothbay. Tears rolled down Aran's cheeks as he slowly realized that he would never be able to go home again.
Supply Talk 
The next morning dawned bright and sunny, but the mood in the house on the island was not a happy one. The boys’ trip had been a complete failure. A simple outing to Aran’s house had resulted in a massive hoard of corpses surrounding the place in the matter of minutes, trapping them inside and forcing a dramatic and near-fatal escape. Now the realization of how dangerous the dead world actually was began to seep into the boys’ minds. 
They certainly had their questions about the abilities of the corpses answered and the answers they got where not what they wanted to hear. The bodies were fast and strong, running the boys down like marathon sprinters. Even the corpses of old people and kids showed remarkable speed and agility. Everything they learned to expect from reanimated corpses from movies and television had been dead wrong. These corpses weren't slow moving, ambling creatures that were easily outrun; they were fast, dangerous and very alert to their surroundings. If they had been ambushed on a small street, how would they possibly get to a major grocery store or shopping center that was in the middle of a high population area? 
Elle and the boys sat in the living room, talking and discussing how they were going to proceed and what they were going to do. Each idea seemed as impossible as the next because no matter how they spun it, a supply run involved going back to the mainland.
"We need to hold out as long as we can," Aran said adamantly.
"But if we wait until we are too low, we are going to be forced to make a quick decision. If we plan it now, before the supplies get low, we can go when the conditions are the best."
Aran ran his hands through his hair, remembering the near disaster of the day before. "We nearly got trapped in my parents dinky little neighborhood. If we got to Hannaford's, there's gonna be hundreds of those things."
Elle sat next to Aran, her head resting against his shoulder and stroking his hand as the boys discussed their plans. She was nervous and as they tried to figure out a solution and she tried to push the thought of losing the boys out of her head. She had just started to come to terms with the loss of her life and her family, These two boys were all she had left in the world. Losing either of them would be a devastating blow that she wasn't sure she would be able to handle. 
"What if you found some place right on the water?" Elle said suddenly, lifting her head from Aran's shoulder. "That way you wouldn't have much distance to go."
"I don't think there is any place that will have supplies that's right on the water except restaurants and they won't have enough things to make it worth while." Ellis said.
"What about the Marina?" Elle asked. "When my parents get gas for the Whaler, my sister and I always used to go into the shop and buy stuff. They have a bunch of grocery supplies and lots of bottled water."
The boys looked at each other.
"If it's a marina store, they should have containers and gas and marine supplies. We won't be able to get everything we need, but we should be able to get some stuff." Ellis said excitedly.
Aran felt a bit silly that he was the only permanent resident of Boothbay, but he had never been to the marina. He never had a reason to go because his parents never had the desire to buy or use a powerboat, so there was no need to buy marine fuel. 
"What's the setup at the marina?" Ellis asked. "Is it easy to get in and out?"
Elle nodded her head. "There's a dock where you tie up to fuel and from that dock a long ramp leads up to the store. You don't ever leave the dock, so it might be easier to avoid those things."
"I think that sounds like a good idea," Ellis said. "We should go as soon as possible, that way we can get everything we can from the marina and then we can better figure out our next run."
Aran sat and nodded as he stroked Elle's beautiful brown hair. He was falling deeper and deeper in love with her everyday and sitting there in the quiet and safety of the living room, he actually felt content and happy. He could live this way. He could easily wake up each morning to her beautiful face and her warm smile. He could spend the days wrapped in her arms and stroking her hair. As much as he missed his old life and his family, he felt like he could be happy here as long as Elle was by his side. 
The boys spent the day planning for the Marina run, with Elle helping draw up a rough map of what the marina layout looked like. Neither of them were very keen on going back to the mainland so soon after the near disaster. Even though their last trip nearly killed them, both Aran and Ellis felt as if they had learned a lot about the corpses and how they react. 
From what they had observed, they were very aware of sound and the slightest noise could attract them. Once a crowd started forming, the noise of the crowd attracted the others at an exponential rate. It was also clear that they could see, but it seemed that their sight was much less acute than their hearing, which gave the boys the advantage of being able to walk in closer proximity as long as they stayed quiet.
Later that afternoon while the boys sat in the living room planning out their run and discussing all the possible hiccups that could occur, Elle came into the room and stood firmly next to the coffee table, looking down at the boys as they planned.
"I'm going," she said sternly.
The boys stopped mid sentence and stared up at her.
"What do you mean?" Aran asked.
"I'm going with you to the marina," she replied.
Aran sighed and flopped back on the couch. "I don't want to you to come," he said softly.
Elle did not seem pleased at Aran's reaction. 
"And why not?" she said with a look of disgust on her face.
"Because it's not safe out there," Ellis replied, trying to take some of the heat off of Aran.
"It's not safe for you two either," she snapped, "I can defend myself just as well as you can and I know the marina. Neither of you have ever been there."
"I don't want anything to happen to you," Aran said. "I nearly lost you once. I don't want to go through that again."
Elle just stood there for a second, silent and pondering what he had said. She clearly understood how Aran felt, but at the same time she wanted to help and she hated sitting by herself in the house, hoping they would return.
"Look," she said, "I understand, but I can't just sit here praying you two will come back. You are all I have left in this world. The thought of being out here on my own because you two didn't make it back is worse than dying with you guys out there. We need to stick together. We live in this new world together and we die together. No more separating."
Aran hung his head, completely understanding Elle's point of view. It wasn't fair that he ask her to sit and wait while they possibly got themselves killed. It had almost happened once and he knew that it could easily happen again.
"Alright," he said solemnly, "You can come."

The Marina
The morning of the trip to the marina dawned with a feeling of angst and fear in the house that hung in the air like a wet blanket. The three survivors sat around the kitchen table, eating their cereal and hardly saying a word to each other. 
They had gone over the plans for getting into the marina a hundred times using drawings and sketches, but no matter how much they discussed it, they never felt quite ready. Each day that came, one of them had a reason why that particular day wasn’t going to be a good day to go. 
Two days ago, Ellis claimed that his ankle was sore, making it too risky for him to attempt to run. The previous day, Aran was convinced that the weather and the seas were not favorable and that they would be risking themselves to attempt it. 
The current morning, however, all excuses were off. The sun was shinning brightly and the seas were calm as glass, making for the perfect conditions to tie up to the dock and make for the marina store.  The plan was simple and straightforward. They were going to break into the store, get as many supplies as they could carry out and get back to the boat. If the way was clear, they were going to try multiple trips, stocking the boat as full as they could. If it was dangerous, they had a short list of needed supplies they would grab before making a quick getaway.  
Elle was almost certain that they would have a clear path, since the dock led directly to the marina store, with only a small parking lot near the entrance. The marina store would have a limited supply of food, but it would have a ton of marine supplies that could help them maintain the boat and the house. 
Ellis wanted to try to turn on the fuel pumps and fill the boat’s gas tank along with whatever fuel containers they could locate in the store because marine fuel was going to be the quickest resource they would deplete. 
The boys got up from the table, glanced at each other but neither of them said anything to each other. They gathered the things they needed and headed for the door, both of them tense and apprehensive about the journey. Elle’s mood had dramatically changed since her proclamation to the boys that she was going. What was once such a confident attitude towards going to the marina had turned to fear and doubt. Elle held it in though, not allowing the boys to see that she was scared out of her mind. 
Elle was never the girl who was first in line to try things, but she never shied away from a challenge either. Once when she fourteen, a group of her friends went to the quarry near her neighborhood and dared each other to jump in from the top of the rim. The water was murky and the cliff wall was high and sheer. If there were rocks lurking beneath the surface, it was impossible to see in the gloom. Elle sat back and watched as the first of her friends made the plunge before joining the group and diving in the freezing cod water. Elle was popular in school and intermixed with many different social groups. She was generally kind to other students, but often hung out with the other popular girls. She cold hold her own athletically, but she was no athlete. She was on the cheer squad and attended dance classes throughout the winter months, but she never joined any school teams. Her best friend at school was Tabitha Jones who was the captain of the cheer squad and the most popular girl in school. Even tough the two were friends; they couldn’t have been more opposite. Tabitha had a constant stream of boyfriends in her life, never staying with one for very long and always in need of the next one. Elle had only one boyfriend during high school and it lasted just a few months. She tended to be picky and never really found anyone in her school acceptable. When she wasn’t with her friends, she had ner nose buried in books. She could knock out a book in day and spent many weekends up in her room, reading everything she could. She looked forward all year long to being on Damariscove because she could spend her days reading in peace. It was so strange that the place that she used to consider her freedom from life, had become her prison.
The three kids walked out the front door into the radiant sunlight of the beautiful spring morning, strolling into a near perfect day on the central Maine coast. They prepped the boat and motored away from the island, leaving behind the comfort and safety of their little world and entering into the dangerous and vicious place that they once considered a comfort. 
The ride towards the harbor was uneventful and easy, although none of them looked toward the shore in fear that they would catch a glimpse of a corpse. Squirrel Island passed by on the left. Seagulls flocked around the rocks and the small waves from the open ocean lapped up against the barnacle-incrusted shoreline. No one said a word as the boat sped onward toward the entrance of Boothbay Harbor, the ever-growing fear eating away at their confidence with every passing minute. 
As the small boat passed through the mouth of the harbor, the yellow umbrellas of the marina could be seen on the right shoreline like a signal flare. The harbor itself was quiet and intact. The sailboats and lobster boats that were moored further from shore lightly rocked back and forth, their small bells clanging in the morning air. Boothbay Harbor was normally a bustling port town full of tourists and locals motoring in and out of the wide harbor. It gave Aran a chill to see it lifeless and silent. 
It was Elle that spotted the bodies first. The slow meandering corpses ambled along the shore, milling in abandoned parking lots and shuffling around cramped balconies. It was an unnerving sight to see how many of them there were, dotting the harbor like ants on a dropped piece of food. 
“I thought you said they’re fast,” Elle whispered to Ellis as Aran veered toward the marina dock.
“They’re crazy fast,” he replied, “but they have to be aroused or woken up. I think that maybe they go into hibernation or something.”
“And it’s sound that gets their attention right,” she said.
Ellis shrugged his shoulders. “We think so. That’s what did it last time, but that doesn’t mean that they can’t be stirred by sight too.”
“We need to find out somehow,” Elle said as she scanned the marina.
“Yeah,” Ellis laughed. “And how do you propose we do that?”
Elle just smiled, but her mind was racing with ideas. If the corpses only were stirred by sound, could they walk silently by them without a passing glance? The ability to slip around them unnoticed would be an asset they couldn’t afford to not know about. But how could they test the idea without putting themselves in danger? 
“Here we go,” Aran said as he slowly docked the whaler up where the boats would tie up to get fuel. He killed the engine and Ellis hopped onto the dock and tied the lines to the cleats. Aran stepped out onto the dock and helped Elle down off the side of the boat. They scanned the docks for signs of the dead, but there was no one nearby. 
The setup at the marina was pretty simple. Parallel to the shore about fifty feet out was a long, wooden, floating dock where small and large boats alike could pull up and get gas. A single floating dock ran from the gas docks to a rooted dock and a ramp that could raise and lower with the tides. The ramp led to the front of the store and offices with a small parking lot to the left that was blocked by a line of potted trees. 
“There are a few of them in the parking lot,” Ellis whispered.
Aran looked up and saw the tops of a few heads slowly moving around the small, paved lot. The row of plants seemed to block the corpses’ view of the entrance to the marina store, so the concern seemed minimal.
“What if some of them are in the store?” Elle asked, clearly shaken.
“We just have to take them on,” Ellis said, putting his hand on her shoulder. “We’ll take care of you, don’t worry.”
“Thanks,” she said looking into his face. “We’ll take care each other.”
They slowly and quietly walked down the docks and up the ramp toward the marina store. They could hear the soft sounds of the corpses moving around the parking lot as they made for the glass door with the marina’s logo on it. Ellis reached out and slowly grabbed the handle, giving it a slight pull. The door opened without a sound and they carefully slipped inside, adjusting their eyes to the dim light.
The store was small, with a few rows of shelves housing everything from sea charts to fishing supplies. The register sat at a small counter near the front on the store and was stocked with the usual candy and treats to entice buyers as they checked out. Near the center of the small room, were two shelves that carried food and snacks and a series of refrigerators at the back filled with drinks. The store seemed empty and the three of them stood stock still for several moments before deciding that the coast was clear.
Aran reached for a metal basket that was in a stack near the front counter and headed toward the shelves with food. Ellis was given the task of determining what marine and boat supplies could be useful and Elle was going to get all the useful liquid and refrigerated goods. They split up and took to task as quickly and quietly as they could, making sure that they didn’t create any noise that could arouse the nearby corpses.
Elle stole to the back refrigerator and began to toss all the things she could into the cloth shopping bags she brought. Even though the store was small and lacked a good selection. She found quite a lot of deli meats, cheeses and lunch-type food, which would be great to have around, even though the expiration dates on much of it was fast approaching. 
Aran’s did fairly well in his task too. Most of the food he found were snacks like cookies, candy and chips but he knew that anything was better than nothing. He loaded up his bags with things like Fig Newtons, Lays potato chips and enough Pepperidge Farms cookies to make anyone fat. 
Ellis carefully walked up and down the aisles that housed the marine and boat supplies, looking for anything useful. He found a section containing about eight new five-gallon gas jugs and a ton of marine oil. He also grabbed a bunch of fishing gear and tackle, knowing that eventually they would have to live off of the ocean when all the processed food went bad.
After several minutes, they three met back up with their items, looking over what each had found.
“What now?” Elle asked, putting down her heavy bags.
“We run this stuff down to the boat and then come back and get more,” Aran replied. “We need to make as many trips as we can. Get all of this stuff out of here while the coast is clear.”
The three took a deep breath and made their way outside into the sunshine. Just like before, the scene was deathly quiet. The only audible sound other than the cawing of the seabirds was the slight shuffling sound from the parking lot next door. They stole down the docks and unloaded their find into the whaler, turned around and went straight back up to the store. 
They went back and forth for nearly an hour, loading up the boat with stuff and going back for more. Ellis was particularly excited about the fact that the gas pumps were still on and he was able to fill up all the gas jugs and the forty-gallon tank for the whaler.
Aran cleaned out the food shelves and worked his way to the clothing section, grabbing sweatshirts with Boothbay slogans and marina gear, knowing that clothing would eventually become an issue. Elle quickly emptied the refrigerators and went around the shop looking for anything else that they might have missed. 
Aran and Elle grabbed the last of the useful things from the store and headed for the door, taking one last look to make sure nothing was left behind. Satisfied, they closed the door and made for the boat. Just as they passed the parking lot, Elle stopped.
“I want to test my theory,” she whispered to Aran.
Aran shook his head vigorously. “No way. Too dangerous.”
Elle lowered her shoulders with a pout, but said nothing. They walked back to the boat, dropped the last bags in and got ready to go.
“We need to test the idea,” Elle said again firmly, “We have to know how well they can see.”
“And exactly how do you want to go about doing that?” Ellis asked.
Aran shook his head, clearly not wanting any part of the idea at all.
“Well,” Elle said, “I’ve been thinking about those bodies that are in the parking lot up there. If one of us slowly walks into their line of sight, we will be able to easily run away if they spot us.”
“You have no idea how fast they are,” Aran said firmly. “They will run you down.”
“If the boat is running and ready to go, it should be easy.”
Aran shook his head again and pulled Elle tight to his body. “There is no way I’m letting you walk up to those things, now way!”
Elle rested her head against Aran’s chest. “I’ll be safe, I promise,” she said quietly.
“I’ll do it,” Ellis said, although his voice was shaky.
“Really?” Elle said, letting go of Aran.
“Yeah. I’ll get close enough, but stay far enough away so that I can run back here.”
“Thank you,” Elle said, giving Ellis a hug.
“Besides,” he said with a smug smile, “I’m way faster than you are.”
“I can’t believe I’m agreeing to this,” Aran said.
“It’ll be fine,” Ellis said. “Kinda like throwing rocks as a wasps nest.”
“I’ve done that before,” Aran laughed. “They stung the hell out of me.”
“Let’s hope I fare better than you,” he said, rubbing Aran’s head.
Aran got the boat started and untied the bow and stern lines, leaving Elle at the wheel as he stood on the dock, holding the whaler from drifting away. 
“Alright, you ready?” Aran asked.
Ellis nodded and walked up the dock toward the ramp, trying to act tough and keep the nearly paralyzing fear at bay. He knew he had to be brave. He wanted to be the brave one. Ever since he got to the island, Aran seemed braver and more put together and he was jealous of that. This was his chance to show Elle that he was just as tough as Aran, maybe even tougher. He was going to stare down those corpses and live to tell the tale to Elle, maybe even proving her theory right.
He walked up to the trees that divided the entrance of the marina store from the small parking lot adjacent to the building next door. Taking a deep breath, he peered around one of the trees into the space beyond, trying to assess what he was getting himself into. 
His eyes met a terrible sight on the other side. Milling around the parking lot were several families of corpses, all with small kids who had obviously turned on each other at some point during the mayhem. A small, blonde girl was ambling about with massive chunks torn out of her arms and her leg bent the wrong way with a piece of her bone protruding through her skin. One of the small boys was missing half of his face and a tiny toddler was crawling around, his foot completely missing. It was a scene from hell and Ellis had to concentrate with all his might to keep his composure. 
He took a deep breath and slowly walked through the trees, stepping out into the parking lot and keeping as quiet as possible. He began to walk along the edge of the lot, trying to mimic the movement of the corpses to see if they could see him.
Ellis had always been the brave one amongst his friends. He was always poking fun at his friends and making them feel like chickens for not doing the risky things that he set forth. Ellis was an adventurous boy. He loved climbing trees, hiking along cliffs and sports that walked a bit on the wild side. In school he was a bit of an outsider. He preferred to be on his own most of the time, although he loved bringing his small group of friends on his crazy adventures.  
It was the little blonde girl who noticed Ellis first. She raised her mangled head and let out a blood-curdling scream, fixing her dead eyes on him in a wicked stare. Ellis froze, unable to uproot himself from the spot and run, paralyzed by the sound that emanated from the little girl. The rest of the corpses turned to look as the little girl began to run across the parking lot toward Ellis, sprinting at an alarming rate of speed. 
But Ellis remained frozen. Something inside him was refusing to move, refusing to make his legs work. Within an instant the little girl was almost on him and the rest of the bodies were not far behind. From out of the crisp air, a shot rang out and the little girl’s head split wide-open, splattering Ellis with gore across his chest and face, covering him in a reddish filth. Ellis snapped back to reality, looking down his front in horror before seeing the splattered remains of the five year old girl slumped on the ground at his feet. Before he could process what had happened, he heard the shrieks of the other corpses bearing down on him like a runaway train. 
He turned and ran, bursting through the trees and sprinting down the dock toward the ramp, trying not to look back over his shoulder at the bodies that were surely closing the gap between them. He could feel them though, almost smell them on his heels and at that moment he thought he wasn’t going to make. He was sure he wasn’t fast enough. He felt a hand swipe the back of his shirt and heard the pounding of their feet on the boards as he hurtled himself down the steep ramp which was severely angled due to low tide. 
Again, out of nowhere, a shot rang out and Ellis heard a body crashing to the deck along with the sickening sound of cracking bones. He turned his head to see a corpse wedged against the boards at the edge of the ramp, causing the others to stumble and trip. This was his chance to escape. He had a split second of precious time to get to the boat before the rest of the group got over the barricade and regained their terrifying speed.
He tore around the corner and signaled Aran to get in the boat, waving his hands like a madman. Aran jumped into the boat and helped Ellis in the second he was close enough to grab hold of his hand. 
“Punch it Elle,” Aran yelled as soon as Ellis was over the side. 
Elle slammed the throttle and the boat tore away from the dock, leaving the corpses screaming across the still harbor.
“Guess Elle’s theory was a bit off,” Aran said, trying to lighten the moment.
“Just a bit,” he replied panting.
“Who the hell fired the shots?” Aran asked.
“I have no idea. I thought it was you.” 
Time Passes
May quickly turned to June and the weather began its steady improvement, with more and more days of sunshine and warmth. The boys spent the days building a makeshift fence around the house in an attempt to slow down anyone or anything that made it to the island. They also decided to begin regular patrols around the perimeter of the east end of the island, making sure no boats had tied or washed up along the shore. 
Elle spent the days walking with Ellis or Aran on the patrols, or making her garden outside the house. With the boys help, she scavenged soil from the island and dumped it in a nice gully near the front porch. Elle knew that her mother had planned to make planter gardens that summer and had already purchased a variety of seed packets containing everything they cpuld possibly try to plant. The boys both agreed that the idea of having garden was great, increasing the amount of food they had to eat.
The boys spent every third day pulling lobster traps, baiting them and bringing home the days catch. The three of them would then boil each lobster, pull out the meat and freeze it in one of the two huge chest freezers that were down in the basement. They tried to eat lobster as much as possible, only using the other food they had sparingly. Luckily, right before he left the Marina, Ellis found a freezer full of sandwiches and meats, which he brought to the boat.
On the last day of May, the mainland power finally went dark, forcing Aran and Ellis to switch the house’s power over to the solar panels and the generator. Since they used very little electricity during the day, they always had a nice surplus of power and never really worried about running out. There were several huge batteries down in the basement, which were hooked up to the generator. The batteries stored electricity in case they went several days without sunshine and the ability to generate solar power. 
The water, amazingly, was still on and they were taking full advantage of the fresh water, knowing that it could all be gone at any second. Each time they used a bottle of water they immediately refilled it from the tap, keeping a huge supply of fresh water on hand at all times. 
The mood in the house was generally good, although each of the survivors had their moment of sadness or regret, thinking about all they had lost. Each one took turns helping the other through the hard times and they found that a very strong bond was forming between the three of them. 
Aran loved Elle and he took whatever chances he could to spend time with her. They would spend hours talking about all sorts of things. It was amazing how little they both knew about each other and Aran found that he learned something new and surprising with each conversation. The topic of sex and intimacy had come up numerous times and it was always an uncomfortable subject for each of them. They both wanted to go all the way and spend a wonderful night together, but without protection they were both scared to death about what could happen. Neither of them wanted to contemplate dealing with a pregnancy and a baby in the conditions that they were in and neither of them had any clue of how to take care of a child.  
So they came to the decision that on the next run, they would look for contracewptives so that they could be safe and not take the risk of Elle getting pregnant.
Ellis spent his days thinking of new projects and working around the island. He would often take Aran’s kayak out and just paddle out to the open sea, keeping to himself and trying to hide his sadness. He felt like a third wheel and he hated the fact that Aran had Elle and he had no one. He also had to live with the fact that he too loved Elle. He loved her from the moment he saw he on the boat those many weeks before but Aran came and changed everything. He was so glad for Aran, because he knew that he would never have survived without him, but he hated the fact that he and Elle knew each other and took away his chance of telling Elle how he felt. It was an impossible situation and he felt that no matter what transpired, it was never meant to be. 
Ellis and Aran sat down one evening to go over a growing list of things that both needed to be done and things that they wanted to do. Along with some of the ideas from Aran’s original list, Ellis had compiled some ideas that he thought needed to be done, including some rather intricate and difficult tasks. 
“We’re going to need firewood for the winter,” Ellis said, taping the list. “We can’t survive out here  in the cold and wind.”
“We’ll need a chainsaw for that,” Aran said. “All he have here is a hatchet and that’s not going to work.”
“We can get one on the next run,” Ellis said. “There are tons of uninhabited islands here covered with trees that we can safely cut down.”
Aran nodded his head, not saying another word, just thinking about the inevitable next trip. 
“What else you got?”
“Well, it might be a long shot, but what would you think about finding a bigger boat?”
“How big are you thinking?”
“Big. Like a forty footer. Full cabin, living space and beds.”
Aran thought for a moment. The idea was good and made a lot of sense. It was a last resort; a plan if something ever happened to the island a caused them to desert Damariscove.
“We could stock it with non-perishable stuff just in case we ever have to leave,” Ellis said
“It’s a good plan,” Aran said quietly, “I think we should do that next.”
Ellis nodded his head, sitting back in the chair and letting out a deep sigh. The idea of getting a large boat seemed simple enough, but he knew that it was going to be harder than it seemed. They would need to find a boat with the keys available and one that was clear of corpses. The best place seemed like the marina because it had the best chance of having a boat with keys in it.
“We could try one of those boats at the marina,” Ellis said.
Aran shook his head vigorously. “I don’t like the idea of going back there.” 
“Why not?”
“Look, whoever shot those corpses and let you escape is still there. We have no idea who they are or what they want. I don’t want a problem.”
Ellis had been thinking about the gunshot everyday since the marina, wondering who could have pulled the trigger. Someone shot that little girl in the head, saving Ellis from certain infection and death but had never shown themselves. 
“Maybe they need help,” Ellis said slightly under his breath.
Aran knew what Ellis was thinking, but he wanted no part of it. They had no way of knowing who was out there or how many they were. One person would be okay, but he didn’t want to think about a huge group of people using up their precious resources and crowding their little island.
“We just can’t take the risk,” Aran said. “I understand what you’re feeling, but we can’t take any chances with this place.” 
Ellis nodded. He knew Aran was right even though he hated the idea that someone who saved his life could be suffering. He had risked his life to test Elle’s theory. Even though he knew it wouldn’t work, he did it for her anyway. He wanted to show her that he was just as brave as Aran, maybe even braver.
“So where should be look for a boat then?”
“Christmas Cove maybe,” Aran said. “It’s close to here and usually has quite a few boats tied up there. We are just going to have to find one with the keys in it.”
Ellis thought about Aran’s plan and couldn’t find fault with it. 
“What about a sailboat?” Aran said after thinking a moment.
“Might be a good idea,” Ellis said. “If we found a big one with a decent motor, we could use sail power and save fuel. I never thought of that.”
“Okay, let’s just get it done then,” Aran said. “If it’s nice tomorrow, we’ll head over there and look for one.”
The boys spent the next hour going over the rest of the list, prioritizing the items and eliminating things that seemed either silly or impossible. And as always, the major mainland supply run loomed at the bottom of the page, sitting there like an omen of things to come. They all knew it had to be done eventually, but none of them actually wanted to confront it.
Bella Notte
The next afternoon, the boys returned to the island with a beautiful sailboat complete with everything they could have wanted. They had an easy time of finding it too, making the trip a total success.
After boarding several different boats, they came across the Bella Notte, a huge thirty eight foot sailboat moored in the small harbor of Christmas Cove. It was a magnificent craft, sitting in the water like a giant wooden slipper. The sleep hull was long and narrow with a deck of brilliant cedar wood, contrasting with the deep blue color. It had a tall main mast and a small foremast, complete with sails of brilliant white and all capped off with a beautiful Swiss flag flying atop the tallest mast. 
The boys climbed aboard and carefully checked to make sure that there were no unfavorable guests on board. Once the coast was clear they dropped down into the hull for a better look. The inside was flawless, complete with marble counters in the kitchen, two bedrooms with top of the line furniture and enough space for the three of them to live comfortably if anything went wrong on the island. 
It was obvious by the state of the boat that the owners were extremely wealthy, stocking it with the best trimmings, including a small storeroom full of high end canned and non-perishable food that could easily last several weeks. The kitchen shelves were also stocked full of food, proof that the people who owned the boat must have been about ready to head out for a long journey. 
After thirty minutes of rummaging around, they found a spare set of keys, hidden in a small box in one of the bedroom drawers. This was something they had not been able to find on the other two boats they boarded. The finishing cap on the success of the boat was the fact that the sail and rigging system was completely automatic and run by a computer system next to the captain’s wheelhouse. The system allowed a single person to raise and lower the sails at the press of a button, removing the need for a crew to haul and pull on lines to work the sails.
Ellis, having more experience with larger boats, was the one who took the Bella Notte back to Damariscove, putting her under power as he navigated out of Christmas Cove and down the river towards the island. It took less than twenty minutes to arrive back on the island and Ellis carefully navigated the long, lean sailboat down the channel and into the harbor. 
The boys were met with cheers and squeaks from Elle, who was so excited to see them and home safe. They could have come back with nothing and she still would simply have been ecstatic that they returned safe. They all jumped on board on the sailboat and headed back out for a pleasure cruise, taking advantage of the beautiful weather and stiff breeze that was blowing in from the south. 
It was a marvelous afternoon and the boat was under sail the entire time, keeling over under the power of the wind and driving the boat at a fast clip out into the open blue ocean. 
With Ellis at the wheel, Aran and Elle sat in the bow of the Bella Notte, feeling the wind in their face and enjoying the freedom of the open sea. If they closed their eyes long enough, they could almost imagine that it was just a normal day out on the water. A regular day in June day like any other. They tried to push the thoughts of what happened out of their minds, letting the salt air blow through their hair and the smell of the sea overtake their senses, blocking out all their bad thoughts.
“I wish we didn’t have to go back to the island,” Elle said. “I wish we could just stay out here forever.” She wrapped her arms around Aran and kissed his neck, snuggling into him as the swells rolled under the boat. 
Aran understood what she meant. Even though he knew Damariscove meant safety and comfort, it had memories and it reminded him everyday of what they’d lost. 
But, no matter how bad he felt, he needed the island. He needed Damariscove. The island had become his parent, his mother and father and he knew that it could protect him as long as he made the effort. It was the perfect spot, far away from the mainland, a protected harbor and a hardy house that could withstand the hardest Atlantic storms. Damariscove was home.
After spending several hours out on the water, they lowered the sails and motored back into the harbor, the familiar buildings and shacks of the island greeting them like children on a front lawn. It was a great feeling to have the Bella Notte at their disposal, a beautiful sailboat that could take them across the Atlantic if they needed it to, using the force of the wind to take them anywhere the wanted to go. 
“That boat has duel eighty gallon gas tanks,” Ellis said later that evening. “And they’re both full, which means we could use the boat under power for quit a long time.”
“Doesn’t seem like a big engine,” Aran replied. 
“It’s big enough to push us to twenty knots I think, but it shouldn’t suck very much gas.”
Even though Aran loved the island and planned on making it his home until the rest of the world sorted itself out, it was nice to know that he had a backup plan. He had a way to leave and be safe if the time ever came to go.
Aran fell asleep that night next to Elle, his arm draped over her, holding her tight and feeling good for the first time in a while. They had a backup plan, ample supplies and the summer weather was finally making its appearance. Despite the horrors on the mainland, he actually felt good and slightly hopeful for the future. For the first time since before the virus hit, he actually felt like things were going to be okay.
Island in Peril
Aran and Ellis decided that they would open up the tower that sat on top of the bluff, overlooking the harbor. It gave a complete, three hundred and sixty degree view of the island and the surrounding waters, which was an excellent way to keep a look-out without having to roam around the islands walking trails. 
The old fort tower was bare inside, and the boys brought some chairs and things from the house to spruce it up a bit, making it a nice place to sit and relax. They both agreed that they would each go up to the tower twice a day and keep a look out for anything unusual, especially boats that could be approaching or in the area.
Ellis had the idea of setting barbed wire across the two paths that led from the far side of the island, putting it low to the ground to hopefully catch anyone coming across the island in their direction. They hoped they could easily hear a power boat approaching their end of the island, but it would be much harder to hear a boat if they somehow managed to get ashore on the northern end. 
Getting on the island would be no easy task, most likely damaging a boat beyond repair if anyone attempted to drive it up to the rocks. Sadly, with the state of things, they knew people would be much less concerned about their boats and much more concerned with survival.
 Anyone who read the mock survival guides for the apocalypse knew that the best place to be was an island. They were protected, hard to get to and usually minimally inhabited. The Maine coast was dotted with islands that could serve as a safe haven from the hordes of dead bodies that roamed the mainland. The trouble with the islands of the Maine coast was the access to them. They almost always were completely surrounded by rocky shores and brutal ledges, making it possible to dock with a kayak, but nearly impossible with any other kind of craft. 
The boys were confident that if a boat decided to anchor off shore and use kayaks or some other small boat to paddle ashore, they could see it and head them off before they became a threat.  
July seemingly came and went in a flash. Elle had a great looking garden going; most of her planted crops were coming along nicely. Her corn was getting tall, the tomato plants were showing signs of yielding nice ripe tomatoes and her other vegetables looked good as well. Both the boys were always commenting on how good a gardener she was and she would just smile back and thank her mom for showing her how to garden. 
One bright afternoon, Aran slung his riffle and headed up the tower trail to their makeshift observation station for his second lookout of the day. Even though he often found them annoying, he liked the walk up to the bluff. The narrow path through the high grasses and low bushes, winding up to the top of the bluff high above the harbor was a beautiful walk and Aran loved slowly hiking up, taking in the breezes. 
The afternoon was glorious and the sun was shining off the deep blue water. The cloudless sky was making the scene look like something from a tourist brochure. When Aran reached the top of the bluff, he gazed out across the tiny harbor, slightly smiling to himself. Despite everything, he was happy. He could see Elle down on her knees, working in her garden and Ellis busy cleaning out one of the outer sheds that was used by the caretakers to store equipment. Aran held his hand up to his forehead to shield himself from the light, cursing the fact that he forgot his sunglasses in the house. As he hid the sun behind his hand and looked further west, he felt his heart jump. 
A lobster boat was motoring up the channel, passing the ocean buoy at a high rate of speed. Aran didn’t know what to do. They’d never actually thought about a procedure for sending a warning down to the house if they saw something alarming. 
Even at his best run, he couldn’t get back down the long path to warn them before the boat entered the harbor. He cupped his hands to his mouth and yelled at the top of his lungs, trying to signal one of them, but the wind was blowing in from the southwest, sending his voice in the opposite direction. He knew that he could use the riffle if he had to, but it would be a long shot from that far away, leaving both Ellis and Elle vulnerable if they didn’t see the boat in time. 
The boat moved quickly up the channel and headed into the harbor. Looking through the scope, he could make out two men. One was driving and the other was standing next to the driver, both dressed in typical attire for Maine lobsterman; full length orange jumpers, heavy rubber boots and dirty white tee shirts. The boat was an old and aging with red peeling paint and the name “Betty Lue” painted in white letters across the back and sides. 
Elle still hadn’t noticed the boat and Ellis had ducked back inside the shed and had not seen it either. The brisk breeze was carrying the sound of the boat away from the house, making its motor hard to hear. Aran had no idea what to do. He felt he was too far away to accurately take a shot but he couldn’t get down to warn them either.
He began bounding down the steep, brush covered slope, trying a direct route down to the harbor, but it wasn’t easy going as the branches and brambles tore at his legs. He kept losing footing on the rocky slope, nearly falling several times. He was determined to get closer so he could get a cleaner shot off. 
The two men pulled the boat up, docked and disembarked heading towards the garden where Elle’s back was towards them as she tended her plants. She stood up, her hair glowing in the afternoon sun, clearly startling the men, the first of who drew what looked like a gun. He could hear Elle’s shout of alarm, followed by a loud, deep voice of the man holding the gun. Elle raised her hands up above her head and glanced up at the hill, looking for Aran. 
Aran cursed under his breath, stopping in his tracks and unslinging his riffle. He looked down the barrel of the gun, trying set up a good shot of the man with the gun. He was scared and his nerves were causing him to tremble slightly, which made the small figure of the man in the scope even harder to get a lock on. 
Ellis, clearly alerted by the shouts, tore out of the shed anand r full speed down the path from the far end of the harbor.
“Don’t let them see you,” Aran said under his breath, hoping Ellis would keep low once he realized what was happening. If Ellis came barging up, he would be in the same spot as Elle and unable to help. 
No matter how hard he tried, Aran just couldn’t get a shot from his distance, so he continued down the slope, trying to keep his balance and close the gap. Each second felt like an hour, hoping that the men would give him time to get to a good position. As he tried to steady his decent, he tripped on a jagged outcropping of small rocks and tumbled down the slope, crashing as he slid out of control.
***
Ellis slowed down and slunk below the tall grass, making sure that he was out of sight of the men that had drawn on Elle. He cursed under his breath the fact that he’d been so distracted that he didn’t hear a boat pull up. He looked up the hillside, trying to see if Aran was on his way back, but he couldn’t make anything out at first.
“Where are you?” he whispered against the breeze, focusing on the tower on the hill. Suddenly he caught a glimpse of movement. Something was halfway down the hill and moving quickly. Aran was bounding down through the brush, trying to get down closer. Even though he was trying, Ellis knew he couldn’t get across the harbor. He began to slowly creep closer to the second man, who was at least ten feet behind the gunman, purposely keeping his distance.
***.
Elle was in shock as she stared down the man with the gun, her hands shaking as she prayed that one of the boys would come to her rescue. She raised her hands over her head, a million things running through her mind. She turned her head slightly towards the tower, hoping that Aran had seen the boat and was on his way to save her. 
“Who else is out here with you,” the man said, keeping his distance, but still holding the gun directly at her head.
“Just my dad,” she said quickly. “He’s the caretaker out here.”
“Where’s he at?” the man demanded.
Elle thought for a split second, trying to decide what would be the best thing to say. “He’s in the house I think. He put me in charge of the garden.”
“Take me to him,” the man demanded, using the gun to usher her towards the house. 
Her plan had worked. She thought that if she could get the men to the house, it would give Ellis and Aran time to figure out what to do. Elle nodded, slowly turned and started walking toward the house.
***
“What the hell is happening,” Ellis said as he crept closer, trying to gain ground. He watched as Elle slowly turned around and headed for the house, her hands behind her head as the men followed. He looked back up the slope, but couldn’t see Aran anywhere now; he just had to hope that he was up there somewhere and that he had some sort of plan. 
***
Aran winced in pain as he got up slowly and gingerly from his fall. He tore his legs apart on the rocks and could feel the warm sensation of blood dripping down his shins. He looked up to see Elle walking towards the house, hands on her head being followed by the two men. She was walking slowly, much slower than he would expect her to walk with a gun drawn on her.
“She’s stalling them,” he said out loud. He looked through the scope to get a better view of the scene and as he scanned the shoreline, he saw Ellis slowly following behind the second man, keeping low and out of sight. He knew he had to time his shot just right; he had to be precise with his aim. If he could take down the gunman, Ellis might be able to jump the second man during the chaos and it would be all over. He had one shot at it. If he missed, the men would hear the shots, his cover would be blown and Elle would be a captive, forcing them out him out into the open. 
***
Where are they? Elle thought as she slowly walked toward the house, trying to give the boys enough time to coordinate something. 
“What do you want from us?” she asked, not turning around or lowering her hands.
The man behind her just laughed. “Same as you, darling. Just a safe place.”
“You expect me to believe that?” she said angrily. “If that’s all you wanted, why hold me at gunpoint?”
“Darling, you have no idea what the worlds become. You think the corpses are the monsters? Ha. It’s the survivors you have to worry about.”
“I’m beginning to agree with you,” she said with a snicker.
“The first place we was at,” he continued, “We had it pretty good. We were in a hotel. It was nice and we had supplies and food and a generator. Problem was, other people wanted in. We tried to keep them out cause we didn’t have any more room, but they broke down the fence.”
“Then you were surrounded,” Elle said softly.
“That’s the half of it,” he said, a hint of sadness in his hard voice. “We started out with a little group of nearly thirty survivors. Todd and me are the only ones left.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, but why are you here?” Elle asked.
“This place is safe and protected.”
“So you’re just going to take it?” she said stunned. “What do you plan on doing with my dad and me?”
The man paused for a second, clearly unsure of what his actual plans were. It was obvious he was caught up in the moment and hadn’t expected to come across her.. 
“I hadn’t thought that through,” he said with a sigh. “We thought this place would be empty.”
Elle turned around, her face red with anger and disgust. “Well, it’s not empty and we spent a long time setting this place up. You’re not going to just come here and take it. It seems like you used to be a decent person once. How can you do this?”
“I was a decent person,’ the man growled. “Until the world went to hell and I learned you can’t trust anyone and you have to protect yourself. Sometimes that comes at a cost.”
***
Aran saw Elle turn around, clearly in some sort of conversation or engagement with the man. He was still too far away to hear a word they were saying, but Elle had taken her hands down and was making animated gestures as she spoke. After a few moments, Elle stopped her awkward hand movements and held out her arm, a strange gesture to a man holding her at gunpoint. 
It was time. Aran leaned down and steadied himself against a rock along the hillside. Using the hard surface to place the riffle, he looked through the sight and pulled the trigger. The sound of the shot echoed across the harbor, reverberating against the rocky hill. The man with the gun dropped to the ground like a sack of potatoes, buckling at the knees and falling face first. 
Ellis pounced, running full speed from behind the second man and jumping on his back, wrapping his arms around the man’s neck. It was a struggle, but Ellis managed to pin him while Elle grabbed the gun from the fallen sailor and pointed it at the second man’s head. Aran breathed a sigh of relief, knowing that the situation was diffused and Elle was safe. He made his way back through the rough brush toward the harbor, his heart pounding in his chest and his hands still shaking from nerves.
***
“So instead of being a good person, you turn into a monster?” Elle yelled back. “From what I’ve seen there are very few uninfected people left and you want to threaten the few that you come across? You’re no better than those creature out there.” Elle spat at the ground in front of the man, a gesture of pure disgust and anger. She hated him for putting her in this position, for trying to take what they had worked so hard to create and protect.
“You’re right,” the man said. “Maybe we can work together.”
“How could I ever trust you?” Elle replied.
“Because I’m gonna lower my gun and hand it to you,” he said calmly. “Then you can either work with us or send us on our way. Either way, I’m not gonna do this.”
Elle saw that the man seemed sincere and she gave him a half smile and held out her hand. Just as the man started to lower his gun, he dropped to the ground followed instantly by a sharp report. Elle screamed and ran over to the man, grabbed the gun and tried to turn him on his side. As she looked up she saw Ellis jump on the back of the second man and pull him to the ground.
“Ellis no,” she screamed out, but Ellis couldn’t hear her. She ran over, holding the gun in her hand, trying to explain to him what was about to transpire.
“They were going to give up,” she said to him as he pinned the man down, holding his hands behind his back with one hand and forcing his head to the ground with the other.
“He pulled a gun on you Elle,” Ellis said, “They were going to take this place for themselves.”
Elle shook her head. “He was lowering his gun. He was going to give it to me.”
***
Ellis crouched low in the grass, waiting for something to happen, waiting for Aran to make his move. Elle had turned around and was saying something to the man with gun, and the second man was hanging a distance behind, keeping a lookout. He couldn’t make out their conversation, but Elle seemed to go from upset to calm in a short period of time. The suspense was killing him, waiting for Aran to do something, to take control. He knew that if he tried to jump the second guy, the gunman would either draw on him, or use Elle as a hostage, and neither option sounded like a good one. 
Then, out of the clear blue, Ellis heard a shot and saw the gunman drop to the ground in a heap. He acted instantly, bursting from his hiding place and sprinting toward the second man, who was jogging over to the gunman, shouting. He leapt and grabbed the man around the neck, trying to pull him to the ground. The man was strong, but Ellis had the position and wrestled him to the ground, trying to avoid his fury of back punches. The man clipped Ellis in the jaw, causing him to wince in pain, but he wouldn’t let go. He pulled him down and bound his arms behind his back, using his other hand to force the man’s head into the ground. Elle shouted something and ran over, waving her hands around in the air.
“They were going to give it up,” she said.
Decisions
Aran came down to the harbor to disturbing scene. Ellis, Elle and the second man were sitting on the porch engaged in what seemed like a lively conversation. He approached cautiously, trying to figure out why the two of them seemed to be treating the man like a houseguest. 
“What’s going on?” Aran asked as he stopped short of the porch.
Elle stood up and walked down the steps, meeting Aran and taking his hand. 
“He’s alright,” she said softly.
“He and his friend held you at gunpoint. Please tell me how that makes him alright?”
“The guy he was with was a bit unstable,” she said putting her hand on his shoulder. “He didn’t plan to pull the gun on me, he thought the island was empty and I startled him.”
“Why didn’t this guy try to stop him then?”
“They weren’t friends. They were the only two who survived their group being overrun at some hotel.”
“I don’t like it,” Aran said angrily. “They were going to take this place by force.”
“Please just come and listen. He seems to know a lot about what happened. He’s not a threat anyway; we have a gun and he’s unarmed.”
“Is the other guy dead?” Aran asked. He could tell instantly by the expression on Elle’s face that the answer was yes. Although he knew he had no other choice, Aran hated the idea that he had to take another person’s life. In the course of less than three months, he was responsible for the deaths of two human lives and even though they were both were necessary and justified, it still hung over him. 
“Lead the way,” he said, putting his arm around her.
They walked up and sat down on the porch. Aran was trying to look calm even though he felt on edge and disgusted by the man’s casual presence on the porch. 
“I’m sorry about your friend,” Aran said somewhat coldly. “I had no choice.”
The man just stared back with a blank look on his face. “You did the right thing,” he said. “He wasn’t a friend of mine either. We were simply the only two who survived.”
“What happened?”
The man sighed and looked at the three with obvious pain and remorse in his eyes. There was no question that he must have seen a lot over the past few months.
“First I need to tell you that I am not a fisherman, despite these clothes. I’m a doctor, or at least I was a doctor. I worked at St. Andrews before this all happened. I was an ER doctor.”
“Were you working when this happened?” Elle asked
The man nodded his head. “I sure was,” he continued. “The first person came in the morning. She was a young girl. She was screaming that someone had bit her while she was out jogging. She was pale and her heart rate was incredibly fast. We tried to stabilize her but she just got worse and nothing seemed to ease her symptoms.”
“Was it like in the movies?” Ellis asked. “You know, the fever and all that?”
The man shook his head. “No fever at all. No signs of anything except that she was ghostly white and her heart rate kept accelerating. She died two hours after coming in. Her heart basically beat itself to death. Massive coronary.”
“How long did she wait before coming in?” Ellis asked, “Did she say?”
“She didn’t say, but she told the nurse on duty that she had just gotten bitten while running and she was sweaty and in her running clothes. I imagine she came right in, so less than an hour for sure.”
“What happened to her after that?” Aran asked.
 “After we declared her dead, we left her on the table, pulled the sheet over her head and got ready to inform her family. We generally leave the deceased in the room until the family can come and identify the body. Anyway, after about a half an hour, one of the nurses comes tearing down the hallway and screaming that the girl was alive. Not believing her, I ran down the hallway and looked into the window. Sure enough, she was up and moving.”
“Jesus,” Elle said.
The man nodded, rubbing his hand through his thinning brown hair. “I knew something was off the second I saw her up though. She was dead. There was no question. A wave of panic and fear swept over me, like a punch in the stomach. Then, all of a sudden she turned around with this horrible look on her face. She looked like a demon. She let out a wild scream and ran at the door, slamming her head against the little window and smashing her fists against the door.”
“Did you leave her in there?” Elle asked.
“I locked door, called the police and put in a call to the CDC.”
“What did they say?” Ellis asked.
“The line was busy, I couldn’t get to anyone,” he said. “That’s  just about when things started going downhill fast.”
“Did she get out?” Aran asked.
“No, she’s still in there I’ll bet. As I walked to find my directory to try contacting someone who could deal with serious diseases, I passed by the big board showing all the patients and their conditions. I saw seven people all with the same symptoms as the first girl and that’s when I knew.”
“Knew what?” Elle said.
“Knew that things were about to go to hell. I just had this feeling you know, down in the pit of my stomach. I looked at the times of the patient’s arrivals and most of them were near to the two-hour mark. So I set my watch for thirty minutes.”
“Thirty minutes?” Elle said.
“That was about how long it took for the first girl to wake up, or what ever it’s called,” he signed, fiddling with his fingers. “So, I sat down and called my wife, told her to get in the car and get out of town. We have a small cabin on a lake in central Maine. I told her to go there.”
“Did she listen? “ Ellis asked. “Is she safe?”
Tears began to well up in the man’s eyes as he looked toward the sky. “I pray everyday that she’s okay; that she made it.”
“I’m sorry,” Elle said.
“It’s okay. I just close my eyes and picture her sitting on the front porch of the cabin. That has to do for now.”
“What happened after that?” Ellis asked, trying to steer the conversation away from a topic clearly painful to him.
“Things went crazy fast,” he said. “More and more people kept coming in with bites.”
“I talked to guy on the CB on the first night and he said the virus went airborne,” Aran said.
Again the man nodded his head. “The virus must have mutated fast. The airborne strain is way worse than the one contracted by a bite.”
“Worse?” Aran asked, “How so?”
“The basic timeline for the virus transmitted by a bite is a good four hours or so, but the airborne strain kills you and turns you in minutes.”
Elle shivered at the thought of dying and changing. She wondered if they had any memory of their previous lives after they turned, whether they knew what was happening. She thought of her family and how they must have turned that fast out on the boat. It was a blessing to not remember any of it. She was glad to not have the mental picture of her family turning into those things and trying to attack her. Her last memories of her family were good ones at least.
“Once the virus went airborne, everything went to hell in less than an hour.”
“Do you know anything about other states or countries,” Ellis said. “Is this just around here or is it everywhere?”
“We heard a few reports from the radio before everything went dead. From what we could tell, the airborne strain went global.”
“So this is really the apocalypse,” Elle whispered. “There is no coming back from this.”
“I don’t see how, “ the man said. “One report we listened to talked about the airborne virus having a ninety percent infection rate. That leaves less than a billion people who didn’t turn and most of those people were attacked by the infected. There’s just no one left.”
The entire group sat in silence, pondering the gravity of what the man had told them. Even though they all knew things were bad, they all had some hope deep down inside that everything would eventually be fixed and they could return to normal. Hearing the numbers was startling and trying to imagine nine out of every ten people being one of those things was a lot to take in.
“Why haven’t you tried to get to your wife,” Aran asked. “If she’s alive, wouldn’t you want to be with her?”
 “You have no idea what it’s like out there,” he said.
“We’ve been on the mainland twice, we have some idea,” Ellis said.
“They’re like ants. They swarm and attack in huge numbers. If they surround you, it’s over.”
“We’ve seen them, they surrounded my house in East Boothbay. We just made too much noise.”
“Noise gets them interested, but it’s seeing a non-infected person that gets them swarming.”
“What else do you know about them?” Aran asked. “You’ve been out there with them, you’ve gotta know more than us.” Aran flopped back in the chair, “We’re clueless.”
“Fast is an understatement,” he said. “They can nearly double the speed of their former selves, making the ones who are in good physical shape the worst to encounter. Their hearing is acute, but from what we saw, their vision is actually quite poor.”
“How do you know that?” Ellis asked. “A little girl saw me on our last supply run and came tearing after me. I was silent, but she still saw me.”
“I’ll bet it took a minute right?”
Ellis thought for a moment to the day that he tested Elle’s theory that they might be blind. He had been standing at the edge of the parking lot for a bit of time, watching the corpses wander around before the little blond girl spotted him.
“Now that you mention it,” Ellis said. “It did take a bit of time and it was only the little girl who saw me.”
“Kids seem to have better sight than adults, but none of them can see very well at all.”
The man shrugged his shoulders and looked down at the floor. “That’s really all I know except that they’re damn near impossible to kill. Gun shot to the head seems to work, but that’s a fools errand because the sound will send any one else nearby tearing after you.” He stopped talking for a moment and stood up slowly, walking to the edge of the porch. He looked out over the harbor and the island and sighed. “You all have it good here,” he said. “This is the first time since that morning that I feel comfortable. I actually feel safe out here.” He turned around. “I know I’m asking a lot, but I’d be much obliged if I could stay for a bit, until I figure out how to get up to the lake.”
Aran stood up and walked to the edge of the porch, standing next to the man.
“How do we know we can trust you?” Aran said.
“You don’t and that’s your decision to make,” he said calmly. “If you want me outta here, I’ll get on that boat right now and motor out.”
“How long did you want to stay?”
“I thought about a couple of weeks at the most. I need to get some rest and make a plan to get to my wife.”
Aran closed his eyes, trying to decide what to do. The man seemed genuine, but he couldn’t shake the fact that he had not tried to stop what the other man had. Aran felt like it was his job to protect the island, from the first day forward the island had been put in his hands. It was his safe haven, his fortress, and he would do anything to keep it safe. The island needed him as much as he needed the island. They were connected in a very intimate way, each one needing the other to survive. The island had saved him and, in turn, had saved both Elle and Ellis which brang love and friendship to his shattered world. Could he really let this man possibly ruin everything? But could he really be responsible for sending him back out into the dead world? 
“You say you want to get to your wife?”
The man nodded silently, still looking over the harbor, taking in the cool breeze.
“You can stay on one condition.”
“Name it,” the man said.
“We are going to need a major supply run and we are going to need help. If you help us get things from the mainland to the boat, you can stay here as long as you need. We’ll even help you figure out a way to get you to your wife.”
The man looked up into the light of the evening sun, a look of relief washing over his face. He turned to Aran and held out his hand. “You got a deal,’ he said, shaking Aran’s hand.
“The name’s Todd by the way,” he said as he let his hand go.
“Come on then Todd,” Aran said gesturing, “We’ll show you around.”
Planning the Run
The days slipped by on the island as July quickly turned to August and the summer heat turned up, making some nights hard to sleep and some days to hot to function. Things had been calm since Todd’s arrival and his presence on the island turned out to be a blessing. With his help, they managed to finish the protecting wall around the house, double the size of the garden and clean out the small sheds and buildings around the island. They set up the small house that was used by the government workers who would come out to the island to maintain the walking paths, turning it into a nice home. 
Todd set up the small house as his own and spent most of his time out there, coming to the main house for meals and conversation. Aran had the feeling that he was going to ask them if he could stay after he helped them with their big supply run and he could understand how he felt. It would be an arduous and dangerous job getting all the way into the center of the state and the chances that his wife was not only immune to the airborne strain of the virus, but made it out there on her own was slim to none. He discussed the proposition with Elle and Ellis and both of them were perfectly willing to let him stay as long as he wanted. He was good company and the extra hand was something that they sorely needed.
 The lobster pots were full to the brim each day, giving them plenty of food and with Todd bringing the lobster boat, he made it twice as easy to haul the traps with the special winch onboard. Even though they were all getting a bit tired of lobster, the constant supply of fresh food was comforting. The supplies were beginning to dwindle and the looming run was starting to weigh heavy on everyone’s mind.
They all knew what needed to be done, but none of them had any good ideas about how they were going to go about doing it. The town of Boothbay Harbor had a grocery store a mile or so from the harbor, just outside of town. The Hannaford’s grocery store, would be stocked with shelved food that could help them last for many months, including non-food items like cleaning and health related goods. The trouble was getting everything from the store to the harbor without arousing the massive hordes of dead bodies that would surely hear the noise and come tearing after them. They had to somehow find a way to get in, get all the stuff they needed and get it to the boat. It also meant that they were going to have to locate vehicles that could carry large amounts of stuff. It would be waste to put themselves in danger for a single carload of supplies.
Todd had family friends that lived on Capitol Island, a small private island very near to Damasriscove, who owed a large pickup truck that they used for towing their boat. If they could get the truck, it would be a start, but they needed more than one vehicle because shuttling back and forth was not something they were willing to attempt. Ideas kept coming, but each one seemed to have a snag or a flaw. 
After countless discussions, it was finally decided that they were going to get to Capitol Island and try to get two more trucks from some of the houses there. Since it was early May when the virus struck, the small island would have had considerably less people residing there because not many summer residents had come up yet. Todd was pretty sure the residents that were on the island would have suitable vehicles. The plan seemed like the best choice and with the only access to the island being a narrow wooden bridge, they figured they could block it off with the truck to prevent any wandering bodies from the mainland.
With the plan solidified, they decided that going to the island at night would be the best approach since the bodies can hear much better than they can see. If they could slip under the cover of darkness, they could possibly get what they were looking for and get off the island with little resistance. Elle was learning to drive the boat and she as going to take them to the island’s small marina, wait for them to get the vehicles and then take the boat to the public dock in Boothbay Harbor. The boys were going to drive to Hannafords, get everything they could and bring it down to the town docks on the harbor. Getting the stuff from the trucks to the boat was going to the tricky part, since they assumed the main part of town would be crawling with bodies. Todd had the idea of using the fireworks that Ellis had stuffed in the backpack and setting them off away from the dock before they went down, hopefully attracting the bodies and moving them away from where they needed to unload. If the plan worked, they could use the trucks to make a barricade at the top of the ramp to the public docks and shuttle the supplies down to the boat. It seemed daunting, but it needed to be done and there was simply no point in putting it off any longer. All they needed was a nice, clear night and they would set off.
Capitol Island
Elle sat at the wheel of the whaler, the moon sparkling across the calm waters. It was one of those nights with big clouds floating in front of the moon, going from pitch black to slivery bright, turning shadow to light and back to shadow. Elle had motored around the islands off Damariscove with her family countless times. So many in fact that she felt like she knew where every lobster pot and shallow rock was. She normally loved the ocean at night, but that night there was something eerie and unsettling about it. Maybe it was the fact that all the lights and power had gone out weeks ago, leaving the shoreline dark and sinister like a black wolf, ready to pounce. Perhaps it was the fact that they were trying to accomplish something they knew would be dangerous. 
Whatever the reason, Elle was all nerves and gripped the steering wheel with frightening strength, focusing her eyes on the waters ahead. She could see the dark outline of Squirrel Island on her right and the shadow of Cape Newagen on the left as she motored toward the rocky outcropping of land known as Capitol Island. As the tip of the southern end of the island came into view, she could see the green channel marker, guiding boats away from the deadly cluster of rocks that jutted out of the sea just in front of the island. 
She slowed the boat down, reducing the noise and lowering her speed so she could get a better view of where she was going. There was plenty of space between Capitol and Burnt Island, which sat directly to Capitol’s east, but she wanted to make sure that everything went smoothly. 
With the boat slowing and the motor noise dramatically reduced, Aran, Ellis and Todd sat in quiet conversation, planning their strategy once they stepped off on the dock.
“The house we’re looking for is just past the narrow neck of the island,” Todd said. “Just off the road on the right hand side. I know exactly where the keys are.”
“What about finding other vehicles?” Aran asked, still nervous that they didn’t have a sure way to get two other trucks.
“As we pass by the houses on the way up, we’ll just have to look and see,” he said. “If there is a truck or SUV in the driveway, we go in and see if we can find the keys.”
Neither Ellis nor Aran liked the idea of going into a pitch-black house that could possibly be a prison for any number of corpses, wandering around and waiting for the slightest sound. Todd seemed much more confident, but they also knew part of that was due to how long he’d survived on the mainland. He had seen and done things that they had never even imagined, so this task was much simpler to him.
The boat passed by the second half of the island and rounded the corner to the small marina used by the residents of the island. It was simple with a main floating dock coming down from the ramp that led to the island’s only road. Off the main dock were small fingers used for individual boats. Only about half of the marina docks had boats tied up, proving that what Todd had said about the island was true; most of the residents hadn’t come up full-time for the summer. 
Unlike most islands around the area, Capitol shut off the water and the power for the island for half of the year, making it difficult for anyone to live on the island as a permanent resident. Most houses on the island were second homes, passed down through families from generation to generation, giving it a very close-knit feel. 
Elle slowly pulled the boat up to the end of the main dock, trying to see in the blackness that engulfed the small harbor since the lights went out. The boys jumped out and tied a bowline to one of the cleats. Aran grabbed a hold of Elle and hugged her tight, running his hands through her hair and kissing her hard on the lips.
“You wait right here,” he whispered. 
Aran was about to give further instructions, when Ellis grabbed his arm, giving he a shock of surprise.
“I think we’re gonna change the plan,” he said quietly. 
Aran and Elle climbed off the boat and the four of them huddled together at the end of the dock.
“Look around us,” Todd said. “This place is dead quiet, no corpses. I think we should get the trucks, fill them and bring them back here. We use the same plan of barricading, but just here instead.”
“That’s not a bad idea,” Aran said as he thought about it. “The devil you know is better than the devil you don’t.”
“Exactly,” Todd replied. “We have no idea how many of those bodies are ambling around town, but it sure will be a hell of a lot more than there is here.”
“What should I do?” Elle asked.
Aran didn’t have to think for a single second. “You come with us and help get the trucks. We leave the boat tied, we all go to Hannafords and come back here.”
Aran noticed immediately the smile that formed on Elle’s face. He knew she wasn’t looking forward to going to the town docks on her own, nor was she looking forward to leaving him on Capitol.
Todd was the first to lead the way, but as he started walking down the dock, he stopped short, something catching his eye. 
“This boat has a set of keys in it,” he said softly. “I’m gonna check to see if it starts.”
He stepped onboard the long green Sea Ray, and turned the keys that were left dangling in the ignition. The engine started right up, hardly making much of a sound at all. 
“This thing will be perfect to have,” he said as he stepped of the stern. “You can’t have too many boats in an apocalypse you know.”
They turned and began making their way along the dock, constantly scanning for any signs of movement and being as silent as they possibly could. Aran and Elle took the rear, holding hands and they quietly walked down the planked dock. In any other circumstance, they could have been a love struck couple going for a late night stroll down on the docks, gazing at the brilliant stars and looking into each other’s eyes. But even though the stars shown brightly, a fear hung in the air and romantic thoughts were far from everyone’s mind.
They started up the ramp and passed under the big white sign with the word “Capitol” written across in blue block letters. The ramp ended at the small road that lead from the mainland, across a narrow wooden bridge then up a hill to the interior of the island. Across the road from the dock was the Capitol Island Casino, a place where island residents get their mail and meet for the occasional social gathering. The building once served as a local post office, but had been turned into a game room and social hall years before. The big green front doors were shut tight; eliminating a danger that Todd had perceived to be their first possible encounter with the dead.
“Let’s go,” Todd whispered as they started slowly up the gravel road that ascended into the blackness of the island. Every bird chirp, every creaking tree and every lapping wave made them jump, their thinly frayed nerves being pushed to the breaking point with each step they took.
The darkness was disorientating, making the smallest shadows seem like a corpse lurking in the trees. Even with the faint light of the moon, it was hard to see anything around them, the dark houses barely visible through the gloom of night. They passed what looked like a long slender house that sat right on the road, with a red bowling pin affixed to the front railing, but no vehicles had yet come into view. 
Elle tripped on a yellow, movable speed bump that someone must have put down to keep drivers from speeding past their house. Although she didn’t fall and made no audible sound, it rattled her just enough that she felt a surge of fear build in her stomach. Aran put his arm around her as they walked, trying to calm her down, but with his heart racing like a shot of adrenaline, he didn’t know how much help he could be.
Ellis was the first to spot the SUV sitting in the driveway of the next house on the left, and to their great excitement, a ford pickup truck with Massachusetts plates was parked just behind it. They could only hope that the keys were either in the vehicles, or that they could easily find inside the house. They quietly opened the trucks, looking for the keys wary that a corpse could be trapped inside them. To their dismay, neither vehicle had the keys inside.
The silence was earthshattering as Ellis and Todd quietly walked up the steps of the porch, taking each one as if they were walking on broken glass. Ellis slowly opening the screen door, trying not to make a sound and very aware of how easily a screen door can slam shut. They managed to find a flashlight in the house and although the beam was quite low, it allowed them to see what they were doing to a degree. 
Todd stepped in the inky blackness of what looked like a kitchen, the laminate floor creaking under his feet as he took a few steps into the gloom. He cupped his hand to his ear, trying to make out any sounds and trying to determine if the house was truly empty or not. Holding his breath, he flipped on the flashlight, muting the darkness. 
He began to quietly fumble through the drawers he could see, hoping to find where the owners might have kept the keys and praying that they weren’t in the pockets of the poor owner who inevitably was wandering around somewhere. 
The search of the drawers came up with nothing, but as Todd panned the walls, Ellis noticed a small peg board on the far side of the kitchen, with keys hanging from hooks. He tapped Todd excitedly on the back and pointed across the room. Todd nodded with similar excitement and lit up the board so Ellis could examine the keys. Sure enough, one of the keys was to a Suburban parked in the driveway outside. He held up the key with a grin from ear to ear as he walked back across the room.
“No pickup keys,” he said in a whisper.
“We have to check up stairs,” he replied. “That truck is perfect.”
Ellis just shook his head, silently pleading to leave while they were ahead.
“This might be our only chance,” Todd said under his breath. “There might not even be another house with a truck.”
“Alright,” Ellis agreed reluctantly.
“We check the bedrooms,” Todd said. “Dresser tops and drawers, that’s it. We don’t have time to search the whole house in the dark.”
They headed around the corner and found the carpeted flight of stairs that led to the bedrooms on the second floor. The stairs creaked with each step, echoing though the deafening silence that hung over the house. Ellis tripped slightly on the edge of the top step, his balance wavering                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
The upstairs was a pit of blackness, giving Ellis the chills as he tried to adjust his eyes to the lack of light. Todd followed close behind, carefully using the flashlight to see the way. At the top of the stairs, they moved into the first bedroom, constantly aware that a corpse could be lurking around any corner. One false move would end it all.
Ellis’ nerves were beginning to grab ahold of him, the thoughts and fears piercing his mind. The first bedroom was small and cramped. There was a king sized bed on the far wall and a small dresser and night set on the opposite wall. Ellis slowly walked into the room, making sure each and every footstep was as light and noiseless as possible. After a search of the nightstands and the dresser came up with no keys, they moved on to the next room. 
The second bedroom produced the same results as the first, an empty room with no keys and with each step their nerves were fraying. The last bedroom was at the far end of the hallway, and was the only one with the door closed. Ellis didn’t like the idea of having to open the door that could serve as a cage for a rotting body, but they couldn’t leave it unsearched. 
The first room they entered was clearly the master bedroom with its abundance of personal items and larger size. The second room they came upon was a teenager’s room, covered with posters of Ben Howard and the Twilight movies. If the truck below belonged to someone visiting the family who owned the house, the keys might very well be in the guest bedroom and the last one was a prime candidate to be just that. 
Todd held the flashlight low, giving Ellis just enough light to see the doorknob as he slowly began to open the door. The room had a musty smell, almost like it hadn’t been opened in months. Ellis slowly slid though the opening and into the darkness. The light from the flashlight gave him only enough to see the outlines of the bed and the large dresser to the left of the door. He felt around on the top of the dresser, trying carefully not to make a sound, or knock something to the floor. 
As he felt around, his hand came across what felt like a small, wooden box with smooth sides and hinges on the back. Squinting his eyes to see, he gripped the box and opened it. He felt inside, picking through what felt like cufflinks when his fingers closed around a set of keys. He felt his heart beat fast at the possibility that he had found the keys to the truck. But as he turned to leave the room, he felt a cold chill run down his spine, his eyes fixing on the far side of the room. 
In the gloom of the bedroom, Ellis could barely make out the figure of a person standing near the window with it’s back toward him and the door. Like a punch in the stomach Ellis nearly wretched on the spot, trying his best to keep himself together. As his eyes better adjusted, Ellis could see the figure slowly swaying back and forth as it stood fixated on the window, waiting for the slightest sound to wake it from whatever trance they went in. He knew that if anything woke it up, it would scream and come tearing after him, alerting every other dormant corpse on the island to their presence. 
Slowly he took a single step, watching the corpse and praying that Todd wouldn’t do anything to make a sound. Each step that he took made him sick, scared to death that at any moment the body would turn around and spot him. It seemed to take him hours to slip silently through the door and out of the room. 
Todd could see his pale face and instantly know what was going on. He pointed to the room and Ellis nodded back, his heart still ramming in his chest like a drum, his pulse tearing through his veins. Todd gestured to Ellis to close the door, preventing the body from wandering out. Ellis carefully placed his hand on the knob and pushed the door closed, unsure if he should chance clicking it in place. But before he could make the decision, the hinge on the door let out a quick squeak, a quiet but piercing sound. 
Again Ellis felt the wave of panic surge through him, waiting for the scream from inside the room. He peered through the small crack between the nearly closed door and the frame, trying to see in the room. To his horror, he heard a shuffling noise and saw the silhouette of the body slowly ambling toward the door. 
Ellis backed up quickly, knocking into Todd and nearly falling to the ground. They both slowly inched down the hallway, refusing to take their eyes of the door and hoping they didn’t trip on something unseen behind them. Ellis’ heart was in his throat, his fear gripping him so tight he felt like he was going to pass out. The sweat was pouring down his forehead, stinging his eyes.. 
From inside the room, a hand poked out of the darkness, just visible in the dim light coming from the moon that now shown through the windows, bathing the house in a silvery glow. They could see it reach around the door, feeling for anything in its path. They could hear the door creak open and the scraping sound of the corpse as it dragged its feet through the doorway and into the hall. 
It was as if time had stopped and each footstep toward the stairs took an eternity. They both knew that any sharp sound could potentially wake it up from its state, making every move they made crucial to their survival. 
Todd got to the stairs first, taking the first step and wincing as it slightly creaked under his weight. Ellis watched as the body moved in the darkness, walking slowly down the hallway in their direction. As Todd stepped on the last stair, Ellis began his decent watching the man upstairs coming closer. If he got to the stairs, would he stop or would he tumble down? Ellis did not want to hang around and find out. With nimble feet he started to move quickly down each step, trying to get away without alerting the corpse to his presence. On the last step, he slipped and thudded to the bottom, a reverberating sound shaking the floor. The corpse stopped midway down the hall and moved its head from side to side, trying to locate the source of the sound. With a quicker pace, he moved down the hallway, still limping from whatever damage he sustained during his final hours as a normal person. 
Ellis wasn’t going to wait around for him to reach the stairs, turning and running blind through the kitchen and out the side screen door. He closed it quietly and shut the outer wooden door behind him, hopefully sealing the body inside. With his knees weak and his hands trembling, he walked down the porch stairs where Aran and Elle were standing and waiting for him. 
“So,” Aran asked. “Did you get the keys?”
Ellis could barely utter a word, pulling out the keys from his pocket and dangling them in the air. Elle, seeing that he was clearly shaken gave him a huge hug whispering in his ear.
“Thank you,” she said. 
Ellis nodded and let Elle hold on to him. He’d seen the corpses before, but he was always running from them, scared out of his wits, moving on adrenaline. This time was different. The suspense of holding his composure was much more difficult and he prayed he would never have to do it again.
“Alright,” Todd said, slapping Ellis on the back. “Let’s go get the truck, drive it back here and pick these ones up. Then it’s Hannafords.”
They walked up the moonlit road, keeping a constant watch on either side of the road for any movement. Aran kept hoping he would see a house with lights on, a sign that there were other people out there like them, fighting to survive. But deep down inside he knew he would see only darkness. The staggering statistic that Todd had mentioned the day on the porch was something that stuck with him. The airborne virus had a ninety-five percent infection rate and from everything thing they’d seen, very few people simply died. They all eventually came back.
When Todd got to his friends house, he had everyone stay outside as he slipped into the back of the house and out of sight.
“I hope he decides to stay,” Ellis said. “I feel better when he’s around.”
“Me too,” Elle replied softly.
Aran nodded, but didn’t say a word. He liked having Todd around and in many ways hoped the same as the others. Todd was another human being, another survivor and as they were beginning to learn, survivors were few and far between. 
“I thought people were going beat this thing,” Elle whispered. “I really did.” 
Aran could tell by the way she was talking that she was on the verge of tears. He pulled her in tight and wrapped his arms around her.
“We aren’t going to make it, are we?” she said sniffling.
“Of course we are,” Aran said softly. “We know how to survive, we can do it.”
Elle pulled her head back and looked him in the face, shaking her head. “I don’t mean the four of us,” she said. “I mean people, humanity.”
At that moment Aran knew exactly what she meant and he knew she was right. Ninety-five percent of the world was a walking corpse, hunting and praying on the five percent that survived the sweeping plague. By his rough math, he guessed that across the globe, only about three hundred million people survived the virus, leaving over six and a half billion people who turned into the living dead. Humanity had no chance to survive.
Todd returned a few minutes later, keys in hand with no horror stories to report. Ellis, Elle and Aran jumped in the back of the Ram pickup and Todd started it up. He drove the truck slowly down the road towards the two trucks that were waiting in the driveway. Everyone was feeling much better now that they had nearly accomplished the first half of their task. 
After a simple exchange in the driveway, all three trucks were leaving Capitol as quietly as they could across the wooden bridge and heading for Hannafords, Silence hung over the group as they drove through the blackness toward the unknown.
Hannafords
Hannafords Supermarket was located off route twenty seven, just outside the busy center of Boothbay. The three trucks pulled up slowly into the parking lot, seeing for the first time the damage and destruction that the virus had on the world. Smashed cars, mangled bodies rotting in the summer sun and burnt out fires that created the wall of smoke which floated above the world for the first weeks of the disaster.
Todd pulled ahead and drove a little ways down the road with the small backpack full of the fireworks Ellis had managed to bring back from Aran’s house the day they nearly got themselves killed. The plan was simple. Light of the fireworks a ways down the street and hope that the corpses would be attracted to the sound and light, vacating the supermarket so they could get what they needed. The others pulled the trucks up close to the entrance to the store and got out, waiting for the sound. Aran gave a hard push on the glass door and found that, with some effort, he could open it. 
As carefully as he could he pushed it open and headed for the exit door on the opposite side, trying to give any wandering corpse inside an easy way out when the fireworks sounded. After opening all the doors, he crept back to the truck, slid inside and waited. 
Just a few minutes later, they could see the Ram crest the hill beyond the traffic light, tearing down the hill. Shortly after the truck came into view, they heard an incredible sound that shook the ground. The sky above hill erupted in bright, orange light and a giant wall of flames lept high in the sky. 
“What the hell was that?” Aran whispered.
Then another sound pierced the night like a siren. A chorus of screams tore through the blackness, echoing against the surrounding buildings. And just as quickly, Aran and Elle saw them. Thousands of them. Corpses came from all around them, pushing and shoving each other as they stampeded up the street towards the source of the sound and the light. They covered Todd’s truck, which sat silent in the center of the street. They flowed over it like a rock in a stream.
“Oh my God,” Elle whispered, shaking as she and Aran watched in awe as the bodies covered the streets like a hill of southern fire ants that someone had just poked with their shoe. Dozens of corpses barged out of the open doors of the supermarket, looked around and followed the rest of the group up the hill. Others came from other stores and building around them, gnashing and tearing at each other. 
“I hope Todd’s alright,” Elle said as she watched the crowd of bodies swarm over the black truck, nearly hiding it from sight.
“Yeah,” Aran said. “Me too.” 
He couldn’t believe how many there were and how fast they moved. When they pulled into the parking lot, it seemed so deserted and calm. It was so hard to imagine that there were that many dormant bodies waiting to be aroused.
“I wonder how many of them are just waiting on Capitol?” Elle said.
“I don’t want to think about it,” he said honestly. The thought of one wrong move making a hoard of bodies that size come tearing down the little road on Capitol Island made Aran shiver.
It took about five minutes for the hoard to clear the area and the streets were once again quiet. The moon shown sporadically, giving them extra light to work with. 
Todd sat up and moved the truck into position outside the supermarket, ready to start loading. Ellis hopped out of his truck and met up with Aran and Elle to quickly discuss how to proceed.
“We need to move,” Todd said with urgency in his voice that none of them had ever heard before. “Once those things realize that there is nothing over there, they’re going to start fanning out and hunting.”
“What the hell did you do to cause that noise?” Aran asked. “Those weren’t the fireworks.”
Todd shook his head. “I went down to the gas station right outside of town. It was a mess down there, but I saw the station had been damaged badly, gas everywhere. So I lit up a roman candle and threw it over there. There was just enough left on the pavement to ignite and it traveled to the underground tanks and that’s what you heard.”
“I can’t believe you just stayed in the truck,” Ellis said shocked.
“I told you, I know how they act,” he said gesturing for them to head toward the store. “Once they hear a noise like that, they’re focused on it and they won’t see you unless you’re right in front of them. In their line of sight”
They quietly walked into the store, making sure that they didn’t make too much noise in case there was a stray body or two that didn’t heed the sound of the explosion. They fanned out and checked each aisle, making sure the store was clear before they started moving things. 
Once they were assured the store was empty of any threat, they started moving out all the supplies the needed, using the cloth bags the store sold to fill and move to the trucks. The time went by quickly and without any disturbance as they filled the beds and cabs of the trucks with food, hygiene and medical supplies. Because the virus hit so hard and so fast there was virtually no time for people to loot, leaving the store virtually untouched. It was clear that some people attempted to take things they needed, pulling stuff off shelves and making a general mess in the aisles. 
Aran was feeling pretty good as he hauled the last bag of food he could possibly stuff in the truck. As he passed through the cash registers, he stopped and looked into a sale bin of candy, grabbing a few boxes of Mike and Ike’s. He ripped open the green box, and poured a mouthful of the sweet candy into his mouth, savoring the sugar filled pieces.
Ellis startled him, grabbing a hold of his arm. “We gotta go now,” he said in a panicked voice. “Now!” He let go of Aran’s arm and bolted out the front door toward his truck. 
Aran followed, a bit puzzled to why Ellis was so edgy all of a sudden. When he stepped out into the parking lot, he saw why Ellis was so panicked. The corpses were returning, coming down the road from the town in a slow wave, heading in their direction. Todd had the idea of leaving the trucks running to keep a steady noise going, preventing the harsh sound of starting them up.
Aran ran to his truck, stuffed the bag in the back as best he could and hopped into the front seat. Todd had already started pulling out of the driveway, heading left down route twenty-seven. Ellis followed closely behind Todd, trying to accelerate without making a harsh noise that would bring them any more attention. 
Aran started out of the parking lot, Elle sitting in the front seat, looking out the window and up the street,
“Oh my God,” she whispered.
Aran swung his head to see what Elle was reacting to and in that instant his hand pushed hard enough on the horn for it to blare out in the night. Aran felt the instant panic, knowing that he’d just alerted the hoard to their presence. 
“Go Aran,” Elle yelled. “Hurry.” 
An instant was all it took for the bodies to start their tear down the road toward the source of the sound. Aran pulled onto the road, the mass of corpses filling the rearview mirror and closing fast. Elle and Todd had already made some distance up the street, but the noise of the herd of bodies swarming down the road was alerting other corpses hiding out along the route, all of who joined in the chase. 
“Aran, they’re keeping up with us,” Elle said as she faced backward, looking out of the small window across the full truck bed. 
He looked down at the speedometer, the display reading forty miles per hour. How could they be keeping up? He punched the gas pedal, knowing that he could be dumping precious supplies out the back. He didn’t care. He had to gain some distance or he was going to lead them right back to the docks. The truck was at sixty now and he could see movement all around him. Corpses were coming out of the woods along the side of the road, the roar of the engine arousing them from their trance. 
“Did we lose them?” he asked.
“I don’t see them back there,” she replied, “but I can’t tell.”
He had to slow down to round the statue and head down Lake Street back toward Southport Island and Capitol and as he started down toward the lake he slammed on the brakes on a short straight stretch of road, and jumped out of the truck.
“What are you doing,” Elle said in shock.
“Shhh,” he whispered back, trying to listen.
After just a split second he jumped back in the truck, threw it into drive and punched the gas, the back wheels fishtailing as they tried to grip the road. 
“What was that about?” she asked, looking at the pale expression on his face. “Aran?”
Aran gripped the wheel tight as he could, taking the turns while trying to maintain the fastest speed possible. “They’re coming,” he said stone faced. “The horde is coming this way.”
The Swing Bridge
Aran took the curve at the intersection of Lake drive and Western road as hard as he could, trying not to loose control of the truck, but trying to maintain speed. He felt like he put some distance between the advancing crowd of sprinting bodies, but he knew they would close the gap if he stopped. As he turned, he came up quickly on Ellis and Todd who had slowed their speed waiting for Aran to catch up. 
Aran flew up on Ellis’ tailgate, trying to edge him faster, but Ellis wasn’t getting the hint. Todd was in the lead and with the lights out there was no way he could see how close Aran was to Ellis. 
Elle kept looking out the rear window, waiting for to see if any of the advancing corpses were coming into sight, but she couldn’t see anything in the blackness.
“Maybe they’ll go straight across and down towards the aquarium,” she said.
“Let’s hope you’re right,” Aran said as they sped across the metal swing bridge that spanned the channel. Before the virus struck, the bridge used to swing open, allowing large boats to pass underneath, but now the bridge stood silent, a steel skeleton hulking out of the darkness. As they passed by the guardhouse, a faint glow could be seen coming from the little glass building. The bridge ran on backup generator power, allowing the passage of boats even if the main power was cut off. It caught Aran’s attention as the first light they had seen on the mainland since the world went dark and the power finally went out across the coast. It was almost a comfort to see the glow, a sign of what used to be. 
The truck left the steel grating and crossed onto the pavement, leaving the rusted metal cage behind them. Fifty yards from the bridge, Aran slowed the truck to a stop and quietly got out. Elle opened her door and followed him back towards the channel, heading down the road which they’d just came up. The moon was out in full, illuminating the small harbor that lay in front of them.. 
Aran stopped and listened, a gentle breeze kicking up and rustling the leaves in the nearby trees. They stood for a few moments, hand in hand staring into each other’s eyes. 
“I love you Aran,” she said kissing him on the lips and pulling him tight to her body, feeling his warmth against the cool evening breeze.
She held his hand firmly, feeling a tremble in his fingers. “Aran?” she whispered, “Are you okay?” But before she got an answer, she heard it. Floating on the breeze, a screeching mixed with the sounds of the lapping water of harbor and the rocking of the boats still moored in the water. 
“If they can make it down here,” he said. “They can get to Capitol.”
“What do we do?” 
Without answering, he took off at a full run towards the swing bridge, moving as fast as he could run. The sounds of the dead were getting louder as the monstrous group closed in, like a rising tide of destruction. He tore down the metal gangway along the side of the bridge and yanked open the door to the small room that house the bridge controls.
Ellis, seeing that Aran was no longer behind him, turned around and headed back the way he came, hoping that everything was okay. He stopped next to Elle and jumped out of the car, his heart racing with anticipation. 
“Why’d you stop?” he asked. “What’s wrong?”
But just like before, Ellis didn’t need an answer from Elle, he could hear them for himself.
“They’re coming?” he said. “How? 
“I don’t know,” Elle said. “Aran hit the horn back in Hannaford’s and they chased.”
“Where’s Aran?”
“I think he’s gonna try and open the swing bridge and keep them from crossing,” she replied.
Ellis grabbed ahold of Elle’s hand and they both ran toward the bridge, both thinking the same thing and hoping that Aran would be able to make it back. 
Aran opened the door trying to see from the dull glow of the lights on the panel. He was trying to stay calm while also attempting to figure out how to operate the bridge. He could hear the bodies as they crested the ridge and started to flood down the hill, funneling right to the bridge. He worked fast, trying to find the switch that would enable the bridge and swing it open. 
On the far side of the panel, he found a large lever, just above the dull yellow light that illuminated the small room. He grasped the red ball on top and pulled down, sliding the lever and setting the gears into motion. The yellow light went from solid to blinking and an alarm sounded out, signaling that the bridge was about to open. 
He bolted from the room, running back across the bridge. As he left the guardhouse, the arms that helped stop traffic came closing down on either side of the bridge, giving the advancing bodies a small obstacle before getting to the bridge. He’d made it about halfway across the steel bridge when he felt the ground shaking and the road slowly beginning to move. The the horde of sprinting bodies smashed through the gate and started tearing across the bridge. 
Aran’s heart was smashing in his chest, his legs burning as he ran with all his might to the end of the bridge. He could see the bridge slowly moving and his window of opportunity to get across shrinking. He could feel the first of the corpses hit the bridge, their pounding feet vibrating through the steel latticework. 
Ellis and Elle stood at the very edge of the road where the bridge and the pavement met, watching Aran running full tilt toward them as the bridge swung slowly out.
“He’s not gonna make,” Elle said panicked, watching the gap widen.
“He’ll make it,” Ellis said calmly. Inside he wondered if Aran could span the distance in time. If he didn’t, he’d be trapped out on the bridge with a mass of bodies. 
“Run,” Elle said under breath. “Please run.”
Aran saw the end of the bridge and the space between him and the road beyond and he knew he had no choice but to jump. If he hesitated, he’d be stuck and almost certainly killed. He hit the end of the metal and leapt with all his strength, pushing with his foot and stretching for the other side. 
Elle and Ellis were waiting and as Aran hit the side of the gap. They latched onto his arms, preventing him from tumbling into the black water below. With a bit of effort they heaved him up and lay him flat, his heart racing and his face soaked in sweat.
Across the gap the horde hit the edge and tumbled into the water like a waterfall, screaming and writhing as they hit the cold, salt water below. The three of them sat there on the edge of the bridge watching in awe of the scene in front of them. Thousands of bodies poured over the bridge and disappeared into the water below, sinking like stones tossed into a pond. Their faces gnarled and twisted, devoid of the human life that used to flow through them, nothing left but the virus trying to spread itself. They were mothers, daughters, teachers, doctors and lobstermen but none of it mattered anymore because they were nothing but hosts. These carriers served a single purpose now. They spread the disease to a healthy host, insuring the survival of the virus. As they watched the countless corpses scream and fall, they felt the full impact of it all. The picture had come full circle and they knew that humanity as they knew it was over. The virus had won and there was no way anyone was going to stop it. The few people left that were immune to the airborne strain were just biding their time before being bitten and infected. 
Aran stood up slowly and brushed himself off, looking down at his torn pants. “Let’s go,” he said sadly. “We need to unload this stuff and get the hell outta here.”
They walked back to the truck in silence, none of them feeling much like talking. Even though the night had been a success, despite a few close calls, the gravity of everything was weighing heavy on their minds. As they quietly drove the trucks towards Capitol Island, they knew that their time on the mainland was almost over and wondered if they would ever have the courage to step foot on it again. Their destiny was on Damariscove, the only safe place they knew of in the dead world. It was their home and their protector for as long as they could survive there.
Final Journey
Todd was already at the Capitol docks when Ellis and Aran pulled up in the trucks. He jumped out of the cab, clearly worried. “What the hell happened to you guys,” he asked. 
“We had a little issue at the swing bridge,” Aran said, retelling the story.
“I thought I heard a buzzing sound, but I wasn’t sure what it could be. I was about to come back and look for you all.”
They began to unload the trucks and shuttle goods down to the boat, loading up the Whaler with everything they got from the store. Once Todd’s truck was empty, he drove it across the bridge and parked it on the end, blocking any wandering corpses from coming across to the island. It took some time to get everything down to the boat, but they managed to get it all loaded without arousing any attention, keeping as silent as they could. 
“We should park the trucks back by the casino,” Todd said when everything was loaded. “That way we have working vehicles here when we need to use them again.” 
Ellis nodded and hopped into his truck, backing it slowly alongside the casino, keeping it out of sight. He was tired and ready to head home. The night had been so mentally and physically exhausting, that he was having a hard time mustering the energy to get things done. He looked out the front window, watching Elle and Aran holding hands on the dock, knowing that he’d be a third wheel forever. He desperately wanted what they had. He wanted to be able to share affection with someone, but he knew the chances of that were next to nothing. Everyone was dead and gone. He sighed and opened the door, slowly swinging himself down out of the truck. The suddenly he felt a shooting pain tear up his arm. From out of the darkness a corpse had clamped down on him, piercing his skin. 
He let out an ear-piercing shriek, kicking at the body with his feet, knocking it back on the ground. Full of panic and rage he kicked the body over and over again, stomping on its skull and crushing it like a melon. He bolted across the driveway and ran down the ramp, crying uncontrollably and grasping at his arm. He bent down at the edge of the dock and thrust his arm into the water, instantly feeling the salt sting the open wound, biting at the exposed flesh. 
Aran, Elle and Todd looked on in horror as Ellis ran down the ramp, but before they could react, they heard the screams coming from the island. Ellis’ wail had literally woken the dead, and it was only matter of time before they came tearing out of the darkness, seeking the source of the sound. 
“You two go down to the docks and keep him quiet,” Todd said hurriedly.
“What are you gonna do?” Aran asked.
“I’m gonna drive that truck away and make as much noise as I can. They’ll follow me as long as they don’t see you down there.”
“But where are you going to go?”
Todd put his hand on Aran’s shoulder. “I’m going to go find my wife.”
“You can’t,” Elle said beginning to cry. “The swing bridge is open, there’s no way off Southport.”
“I’ll find a way,” he said sadly. “I have to see if she made it. I’ll take a boat from Newagen if it comes to that.” 
“Please don’t go,” Elle said crying. 
“You always have a place on the island,” Aran said, giving him a hug.
“Thanks, this isn’t goodbye for good ya know.”
With that he ran across the bridge and jumped in the truck. Aran and Elle made their way down the ramp and over to where Ellis was sitting on the dock, holding his left forearm. Moments later, corpses came running down the road, appearing out of nowhere. Todd turned on the ignition, roared the engine and laid on the horn. He moved slowly, making sure that the stream of bodies followed him across the bridge and up the road, away from the docks. 
Aran and Elle huddled next to Ellis, hoping that none of the bodies would decide to head down the dock. They watched as they charged across the bridge and out of sight, leaving the island silent in a matter of minutes. 
Elle tried to lift Ellis’ head to get him to look at her, but he refused to move. 
“What happened?” she said. “Show me.”
Ellis slowly looked up at her, fear in his eyes and dread in his expression. He slowly held up his arm, close enough for Elle to see in the pale moonlight. She grabbed a hold of his wrist and pulled his arm close, examining his wound. When she turned his arm and finally saw what had happened. She couldn’t control the tears as they streamed down her face.
“Oh Ellis,” she said, turning away to hide her face.
Aran couldn’t control his tears either and he sobbed putting his arm around his friend. He knew from the second Ellis screamed what had happened, but it wasn’t until the moment he saw the wound that he really believed it. His friend was gone. He might have been sitting next to him on the dock, but he was as good as dead. 
Aran glanced down at his watch, looking at the time and making a mental note. Todd had told them when they first met that it took about four hours for a bitten person to turn. He looked out over the water, trying to hold it together. Ellis had become his best friend, his only friend left in the world. He’d saved Elle and become a constant in his life, a piece of the past world and a companion. Now that was gone in an instant. It was just another reminder of how fast things could change in the world and how no one was ever really safe. 
Ellis stood up slowly, looking down at his arm and wincing in pain. Elle grabbed hold of him, sobbing into his shoulder. He hugged her back, putting his arm around her as he looked out over the harbor to the dark shadows of the islands across the channel. He breathed a deep sigh of relief, a feeling of peace washing over his mind. For the first time since the virus struck, he wasn’t afraid. He felt calm and at ease. He was going to be sad to say goodbye to his friends, the best friends he’d ever had. In his real life, he had many friends that he knew better and longer than Elle and Aran, but they all paled in comparison to how close he’d become. 
He wasn’t afraid to die and he wasn’t sad to leave the world. In fact, he almost welcomed it. The last few months had been a living nightmare with a few good moments sprinkled in and the thought of having to live like that day in and day out until his final days often kept him up at night. The only thing that hung heavy in his heart was leaving his friends behind, saying goodbye to the people that saved his life. 
“I need to do this on my own,” Ellis said turning around. “I don’t want my blood on either of your hands.”
Elle grabbed Aran and looked away from Ellis’ pale face. 
“What are you gonna do?” Aran said, choking back his own tears.
“Take that boat there and head out into the open ocean.”
 Aran nodded, then held out his hand. Ellis took hold of it and shook hard, trying to control his own emotions. 
“Thanks,” Aran said, looking over at Elle, “I owe you everything.” 
“We kinda saved each other,” he replied, forcing a smile. 
Aran grabbed hold of Ellis’ shoulder and wrapped his arms around his friend, losing control of his tears. “I’m gonna miss you brother.”
“You take care of her,” he said. “She loves you and she needs you.” 
“I will,” he said, pulling back and reaching behind him. He took out the handgun that Todd had given him. “Take this,’ he said handing the gun to Ellis. 
Ellis took hold of the gun and nodded. “Thanks,” he said. 
Elle turned around and faced Ellis.
“I don’t know what would have happened to me without you,” she said, “I never got a chance to repay you.”
“You don’t need to repay me,” he said. “You would have done the same.” 
Elle jumped into his arms, wrapping hers around his neck and looking him in the eyes. “I owe my life to you,” she said sobbing. “You saved me and now I can’t return the favor. I can’t save you.”
“It’s okay,” he said holding her tight, “No one can save me.” He gave her one last hug and let her go, giving her back to Aran as he headed toward the boat that Todd found the keys to. He climbed in and started it up.
“Are you gonna to be okay?” Aran asked.
“Yeah,” he said. “I’m gonna to be okay.”
“Take this,” Aran said, handing Ellis his watch. “You have until about one before you can’t take care of yourself.”
“Thanks,’ he said holding the watch. “You two take care of yourselves okay?”
“We will,” said Aran, tears streaming down his face. 
Aran and Elle held each other as Ellis motored out of the harbor and speed up out of sight. It took only a few minutes before the hum of his motor could no longer be heard and silence returned to Capitol, leaving the two survivors crying in each others arms, the pain of their lost friend too much to bear. They stood holding each other for a long time, neither of them wanting to talk and both of them crying for the loss of their friend. Even though the supply run was a success, it came at a terrible price. Their community had been cut in half in the process, leaving Aran and Elle to return to Damariscove alone. 
“Come on,” Aran said, taking hold of Elle’s hand. “Let’s go home.”
Aran jumped into the boat and held his hand out for Elle. She took hold and lifted herself into the boat. As she did, the boat pulled loose from the dock just enough and she lost her balance, tumbling into the cold salt water. She let out a shriek and Aran couldn’t help but laugh, seeing her splashing in the water. He jumped off the boat and onto the dock. He reached for her hand to pull her out, a wide smile across his face. She looked up at him and started to laugh too. She clasped his hand and tried to lift herself out onto the dock. 
Suddenly she felt something rub her leg, giving her heart a start. 
“Get me out,” she said panicking. “Something just brushed my leg.”
“It was probably just a fish or maybe a seal,” he said reassuring her. “Or it was just your imagination.” 
He grabbed her other hand and started to help her out onto the dock. She’d just about pulled herself up when she lost her grip and slipped back into the water, slapping the surface in frustration. 
“Aran, something just bumped me again,” she said swimming back to the dock. But this time instead up reaching out, she plunged under the water, disappearing from sight. Aran jumped in, diving below the spot where she went under. He felt her hand and yanked on her arm, pulling her up to the surface. 
“It’s okay,” he said pulling the hair out of her face. “You’re okay.”
She didn’t say a word, but Aran could tell that she was scared. He helped her out onto the dock and then pulled himself out. 
“Let’s get back before we freeze to death.”
They both climbed into the boat and made their way back towards Damariscove, leaving the mainland behind them. Aran stood at the helm, letting the wind blow against his face. He looked out into the open ocean, a vast expanse of blackness, lying beneath a brilliant blanket of stars. He thought about Ellis, out there all alone and faced with ending his own life before the virus turned him into one of them. He wondered if Ellis would have the courage to pull the trigger or if he would become one of the masses of walking corpses, milling around his boat forever. He wondered if he’d be able to kill himself if it came to that. Would he be able to pull the trigger? 
Elle sat in the back of the boat, staring off into space, a pale look on her face. 
“Are you okay,” he called back, but he got no response from her as she just sat staring out over the water. He shrugged his shoulders and faced forward, making his way past Squirrel Island and back home. As the boat rounded the tip of Squirrel, he could see the dark shadow of Damariscove hunched on the horizon like a cat ready to pounce. He breathed a slight sigh of relief as he saw the two distinct humps that made up the north and south ends of the island.
As he got closer, he felt Elle’s hand on his shoulder as she stood behind him. He slowed the boat down as he rounded the ocean buoy. He turned and looked into Elle’s eyes, which were now glazed with fear. 
“What’s the matter,” he asked.
She stood motionless for a second, tears pouring down her cheeks.
“I’ve been bit,” she whispered, as she fainted, dropping to the deck of the boat.
Hope Destroyed
The words hit Aran like a punch in the stomach, his head suddenly throbbing with horror. How could she have gotten bit? He was with her almost the whole time and with the exception of the few moments when he was on the bridge, she wasn’t out of his sight. He didn’t want to look her over; he couldn’t bare the thought of searching her body and finding the bite, knowing that it was over. 
He did his best to hold his emotions together as he pulled the boat up to the dock, tied it off and carefully picked Elle up. He could hardly breathe as he brought her in his arms to the house, still not wanting to see the wound, not wanting to believe the words that came out of her mouth before she dropped to the floor of the boat.
The house seemed eerie and cold, the life that it once housed snuffed out, leaving a dark, shadowed shell behind. He brought Elle slowly upstairs and laid her down in her bed, carefully pulling the sheets over her shivering body. He put his hand over her heart, trying to feel for the accelerated heartbeat, the main symptom Todd had told them came with the virus. He leaned his head down and laid it on her chest, feeling the warmth of her body and hearing the thudding of her heart. It sounded normal to him, but he wasn’t a doctor and he had no idea what it was supposed to sound like. He felt his own heart, counting the beats and then felt her hers again. Elle’s actually seemed to be slower than his own, giving him hope that maybe she was mistaken. Maybe she wasn’t bit after all.
Taking a deep breath, he pulled back the sheets and started to examine her for any signs that she had a bite. He slowly worked his way down her beautiful body, making sure the he looked at every part of her that could have been exposed. Her arms, neck and back were fine and as he made his way down her legs, he began to think that she was imagining things. It wasn’t until he got to her ankle that his stomach sank, and the realization that what she had said was true sank in. Just above her shoe on her left foot was a small, but visible bite mark, the teeth marks clear where they had pierced the skin. 
Aran dropped to the floor. In the course of just hours, he’d lost his friend and his love, both taken like everyone else he’d ever know by those horrible things that roamed the world. He didn’t know how to feel anymore, his desperation and anguish too much to bear. He had nothing left to feel, every ounce of what he had was spent, leaving him a cold shell, sitting on the floor and waiting for the girl he loved to turn into the same creature that took her. 
He stood up and put his hand on her face, stroking her cheeks and feeling the warmth of her skin against his hand. He wished that she’d wake up, at least give him the chance to tell her that he loved her and to say goodbye. But she lay there, unconscious and unaware that the virus was taking hold of her, coursing though her veins, killing the Elle he knew and robbing him of everything. 
After a few minutes he stood up and walked out of the room, unable to sit and stare at her any longer. The pain too much to bear. He descended the stairs one at a time, conflicted about whether he should sit by her side like he did all those weeks ago when she first came to the island. You couldn’t have pried him away from her side with the Jaws of Life back then, but this time was different. There was no hope this time, no reason to believe that she could pull through and live on. It was her end and he just didn’t have the heart or the stomach to sit and watch her turn from the beautiful girl he knew and loved to the walking dead that chased him across the bridge.
He lay down on the couch, staring at the ceiling. He glanced over that the digital clock that sat on one of the end tables across the room. He had just under an hour before he had to go back upstairs and take care of Elle before the virus turned her into a raving monster. The thought of having to do it nearly made him wretch, taking all of his will to keep himself together. He stared at the clock, watching the minutes slowly tick by, dreading what needed to be done. He wanted to scream, he wanted to curse and yell and express his feelings, but like the first day there was no one around to listen. With each passing second, he thought about her and how much he was going to miss her. Even though their time was short, he truly cared for Elle and now she was about to be taken from him, wrenched from the world like all the rest. 
The next forty minutes seemed endless, and he knew he should be sitting up next to her, getting every second he could by her side, but he just didn’t have the strength to watch her slowly die, no matter what the circumstances. 
When he could stand it no longer, he got himself up and plodded up the stairs, each step a second closer to killing Elle and ending her suffering. He should have done it the second she told him she was bitten, but he didn’t have the heart. Now the zero hour was upon him and his time had run out. No more excuses and no more procrastinating. 
He opened the door to her room with great trepidation, hoping she hadn’t started the phase of turning, although he had no idea what that looked like. He could see her, lying in the bed just as he left her, motionless and pale. He walked to her side and glanced down at her frail looking body, trying not to lose it. The handgun sat on the nightstand, an ominous reminder of what needed to be done and how easy it was for things to change in this world. 
Aran placed his hand on her heart, ready to either feel the insane pounding of the virus or utter stillness of her lifeless corpse, either one sent chills up his spine. But as he placed his hand over her chest, all he could feel was the slow beating of her heart, nothing like what he expected. Her pulse seemed somewhat normal, he forehead wasn’t burning and her breathing seemed normal, like she was sleeping. A flood of relief spilled over Aran as he sat by her side. Maybe she was immune to both strains of the virus? Maybe she wasn’t bitten by a corpse, but by something else perhaps. 
“Elle,” he whispered in her ear. “Can you hear me?”
Even at the sound of his words, she was out cold and dead to the world. He took hold of her hand and held it tight in his. Elle might be okay. Maybe the virus hadn’t taken her and as he sat there for the next few hours, he was more and more sure that she was safe. Her breathing remained steady, her temperature held fast and the color returned to her face.
 He slumped against the wall, looked up and breathed a sigh of relief. Elle had been spared from the horror of turning into the masses of dead bodies, saved from suffering the fate of billions. He watched her as she lay there on the bed, like an angel. He thought of how close he was to losing her and being the one to take her life before the virus returned her. His eyes began to droop as he fought back his weariness, trying to sit with Elle. He wanted to be there if she woke up. He was so excited to tell her the news, to tell her that she no longer had to be afraid. She was immune; she was like Superman in this world. 
But Aran could no longer battle sleep and his head fell against his chest, fatigue and stress finally getting the better of him. 
Hours later he was torn from his dreams by the deafening sound of an explosion. Panic ripped through his body as he sat bolt upright, searching the room for the source of the sound. He looked up at the bed and stifled a scream.
Elle lay slumped across the bed, face down and covered in blood. The gun that once sat silently on the nightstand was clutched in her hand. 

An Angel Sent
Aran walked slowly across the harbor, heading for the tower path. His heart destroyed and his will to continue shattered. He hung his head as he stumbled over the brambles and the rocks, not caring if he stubbed his toe or tore his skin. He’d made the trip everyday since he lost Elle and everyday he returned to the house, unable to do what he set out to do. He was stuck on the island, stuck in a world with no one else to share it with and no one to love or love him back. He’d kept up with the everyday chores, but doing so in a trance. He didn’t seem to feel much anymore, but something kept him about his daily business on the island. 
He pulled the lobster traps, managed the household chores and made sure the electrical and water systems continued to function. He tried to keep himself as busy as possible, hoping that he could push out his devastation with busy work. Aran even managed to begin several new projects including bringing back timber from a neighboring island that he chopped up into firewood that would be necessary for the winter. He did all theses chores like he had a purpose, but each day he climbed to the tower, hoping it would be his last trip and his last day on the island.
Even though the day was beautiful, his mind was clouded and grey, unable to wipe the sorrow of Elle’s loss away. Just two weeks ago, he’d been on the island with the girl he loved, the boy he’d become great friends with and a man who was helpful and kind. Now the island was empty and so was he. 
He climbed the path out of the harbor, towards the eastern side of the island where the rocky ledge that he visited so many times awaited him. All he carried with him was the gun that ended Elle’s life, loaded and ready to do the same for him. So many times he’d thought about all the ways he could end his own life. He thought about going back to his parent’s house, sitting in his bedroom and waiting for the hordes of bodies to break down the door. He thought about drowning himself or setting himself on fire, both brutal and painful ways to die, but at least he would feel something besides the numbness and heartache that plagued him everyday. He even found some rope and fashioned a makeshift noose in the rafters of the small house where Todd had made his home, but he never had the courage to tie it around his own neck.
In the end, he decided that if he was going to do it, he would go the same way Elle did; a bullet to the head that would end his existence in a microsecond. The one thing weighing on his mind was the thought that he would return anyway and instead of rotting out on the rocks of the island, he would wander the island for eternity. 
He crested the small hill and trotted down the grassy slope toward the ocean and the rocky eastern side of the island. He pushed through the low brush that sat at the edge of the rocks and stepped out onto the ledge, the sun glistening off the crystal blue water. He shielded his eyes from the glare and looked out over the bay, taking in the breeze and inhaling the cool salty air. He’d been up here everyday for the last two weeks at the same time, trying to build the courage to pull the trigger and end his misery and loneliness. But for whatever reasons, he just couldn’t do it. Maybe he feared the pain of the bullet or the possibility of only brutally injuring himself that stopped him. Perhaps, though, he saw some glimmer of hope as he sat and looked over the beauty of the Maine coast that spread in front of him. The dead bodies were like a giant scar on the world, but there was still beauty in it. Did he really want to leave it for good? He remembered the peace and calm that Ellis felt once he knew that his life was over. It was like someone gave him a free pass to die without the responsibility of being the one who ended it. He would often feel jealous of Ellis and the fact that his choice was made for him by the corpse that bit his arm. He wasn’t faced with the terrible choice of living or dying.
But, he was tired of being alone and left with emptiness that ate him like a cancer. He’d seen the movies and read the stories. He knew what total isolation and loneliness could to do to someone. That someday, without and one else around, he would go crazy and lose the ability to make a conscious choice. So each day he made the climb up to the ledge and stood looking over the sea, trying to garner the courage to send himself into the next world. The courage to leave this one behind for good and embrace the fact that he tried and failed to survive. 
Tears rolled down Aran’s face as he thought about Elle and Ellis and how they died so needlessly. He thought about Ellis’ and what his last moments out on the boat must have been like. Was he afraid to pull the trigger or did he do it with ease? He thought about Elle and how easily she had ended her own life, thinking she was doing Aran a favor by doing it herself. The knowledge that if Aran had stayed awake and by her side, that she would have been alive and cuddled in his arms was a cross that was almost to hard for him to bear. The two people whom he thought he would spend the rest of his days with on the island were both able to pull the trigger and leave the world behind and leave him alone at the same time. But just as he would muster the strength to raise the gun to his temple, it was if an invisible hand pulled the gun away at the last minute. 
Today he felt a new sense of urgency. The project of bringing wood to the island served as a reminder that winter on the island would be nearly impossible to survive. So he slowly lifted the gun to his temple, hands shaking with his finger firmly on the trigger. He knew that today was the day. He felt oddly at peace and for the first time a sense of calm washed over him like warm ocean wave. He closed his eyes and imagined seeing Elle again, holding her hand and walking down a starlit beach together. He could hear Ellis’ jovial voice echoing through the mist as he bounded out to see them. The three friends, reunited together in a place with no corpses and nothing to fear. 
“I’m coming Elle,” he whispered into the breeze.
“Are you sure you wanna do that?” a voice said from somewhere behind him.
Aran froze, unsure of whether he was imagining it or not.
“Why don’t you put the gun down and we’ll talk,” the voice spoke gently.
Aran slowly lowered the gun and turned around. When his eyes focused his stomach jumped and his heart raced. Looking back at him was the bright silhouette of a beautiful girl. The setting sun was illuminating her figure, making her look like an angel. 
“Who are you?” he stammered.
“I’m Vanya,” she replied, stepping toward him and allowing him to see her face up close. She was the most beautiful girl Aran had ever seen. She was tall and graceful with long golden hair and grey-blue eyes that looked like they were drawn from the bluest sea. Her faint smile tore through his heart like a jagged knife and her face moved him so much it was as if she had been drawn and created just for Aran. 
He dropped the gun and sank to the ground. 
“You wanna talk about it?” she said, sitting down next to him.
Aran knew he had to be dreaming or that what he was seeing and hearing had to be in his mind. Had he pulled the trigger already and this is what lay beyond? 
“How’d you get out here?” he asked.
Vanya just shrugged her shoulders. “I have no idea. I woke up on that little rocky beach. I wandered around until I saw you up here.”
“How did you get on the beach?”
“I don’t know. All I remember is being on the boat with my dad and the next thing I knew, I was here.”
Aran couldn’t take his eyes off her. She was a vision of beauty. Her voice played in his ears like a symphony, perfectly tuned, giving him goose bumps. 
“I’ve lost everything,” he said softly. “Everyone.”
“Is that why you were gonna use that?” she asked, pointing to the gun.
Aran nodded. “It’s been two weeks today since I lost them.”
“Who’d you lose,” she asked.
“My family, my friends,” he said. “Everyone.”
“I’m so sorry,” she replied.
“Are you an angel?” he asked, looking into her beautiful eyes. 
“I don’t think so,” she smiled. 
“Then why are you here?” he asked
Vanya looked around, her long hair blowing slightly against the breeze. 
“I’m sure there’s a reason,” she said smiling. “Everything happens for a reason I think.”
Aran didn’t know what to think. He was still sure that this was a dream or a hallucination. Just at his final point of desperation, the most beautiful girl he’d ever laid eyes on comes strolling up the island. It was just too surreal. 
But there she was, looking at him with her warm eyes and bright smile, even though her face hid sadness. He could tell that she thought deeply about things and that she had also been though tough times, maybe even seen the death of family and friends. He slowly moved closer to her, sitting right beside her and facing out over the water which was reflecting the rose and red colors of the setting sun.
“Did you lose someone?” he asked her.
“I don’t know,” she said sadly. “I don’t remember much of anything.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay,” she replied. “I remember stuff from before. My mom, my family and friends. But I can’t remember anything after we fled the house.”
Aran was captivated listening to her talk. It was as if her voice was a perfect match for his ears. 
“Did you leave because of the virus?”
She nodded. “Our neighbor warned us. We started seeing stuff on the news and my dad was worried so we got in the car and left. I lay down in the back. I didn’t want to see the things my brothers saw.”
“Where did you go?”
“I don’t know,” she said sadly. “When I woke up, I was here on the rocks”
Aran could feel her confusion and her sadness. It must be so hard to not remember what happened to you, to be completely unaware of things. He suddenly wondered if she knew what the world had become since the virus struck. He remembered back to when Elle finally woke up and the heartbreak is caused her to know what had happened to her family and to the world. 
He watched her sitting with her hands holding her knees, the wind blowing through her hair and he couldn’t imagine a more beautiful girl in the entire world. As much as he cared for Elle and as much as the anguish of her death still ate at him, his immediate connection to Vanya was like a soothing medicine, washing away his pain. Never in his life had anything stirred up so many feelings inside him. Never had he experienced such a deep-rooted longing for someone before. There was something so angelic about her. Everything seemed perfect and inside him a ray of hope began to spring. 
“Do you live out here?” she asked.
“Well,” he stammered. “I kinda do now. This place is safe.”
“It’s beautiful here,” she replied.
Aran looked behind Vanya at the setting sun and the brilliant rose-colored clouds that hung in the sky and realized how right she was. All this time he saw Damariscove as a safe place, a shelter, but he forgot how simply beautiful it was. 
The two sat in near silence for quite a long time, taking in the island and listening to the sounds of the waves crashing against the rocks. Aran didn’t need to talk, he was comfortable just being in her presence, accepting the moment for what he assumed it was; a figment of his inner imagination.
The sun sank below the horizon and the wind blew a chill across the island, rustling the grasses and signaling the coming of night. Aran stood up and looked over at Vanya who was still sitting and looking out over the water. 
“Do you wanna stay here with me?” he asked.
She looked up at him with pain in her eyes. “Of course I would,” she said sadly. “I have no where else to go.”
Aran held out his hand and she took hold of it. When their fingers touched, a tingle ran down Aran’s arm and through his body, making him shiver and his heart beat faster. There was something magical about her, something powerful that Aran couldn’t quite place. It was as if she washed every hurt away, every bad memory. He felt as if everything that happened had vanished from his mind and all he knew was that evening. All the pain that he held in his heart from the loss of his parents, to the death of Elle was being soothed by Vanya’s presence. 
They walked slowly down the worn path back to the house, the stars beginning to shine as they reached the porch.
“How long have you been out here?” she asked as they made their way up the steps to the front door.
“Since the beginning,” he said. “I was out here when it happened.”
“I don’t remember anything,” she said. “My family, my friends. I know something terrible happened, but I don’t know what happened to them.”
“I’m sorry,” he said softly. “I don’t know what happened to my parents either.”
She looked up at him, tears in her eyes. “Did you look for them?” 
Aran nodded. “I went back to my house, but they had gone.”
“Maybe they’re okay,” she said. “Maybe they’re safe somewhere.” 
Aran hung his head; the feelings trying to flood back over him again. “They knew I was out here. If they were okay, they would have come here,” he replied. “They’re gone.”
“You don’t know that though.”
“No, I don’t know that, but I have to accept it. Even if they are alive somewhere, how would I ever find them?”
“I have to have hope,” she said, “I have to find my father and my brothers. They have to be alive.”
Aran could feel the panic in her voice, yet she held it together so well. How awful it must be to not remember anything and to be stranded on an island with a stranger with no clue how you got there. 
He led her into the house and gave her a brief tour. 
“Don’t you get lonely out here?” she asked as they sat down in the living room.
Aran choked back his initial reaction, trying not to think about how nice it was when the four of them all lived out here together.
“Of course,” he said sullenly, “But it wasn’t always like that.”
“There were others?”
Aran nodded. “Yes, there were”
“Tell me about them,” she asked.
Aran took a moment to process her question. In the time he’d been stuck out on the island, he’d never really talked to anyone about how he felt or about what happened to him. When Elle and Ellis came, it was about them and their ordeal and while he talked about his parents, he’d never let his true emotions out. And ever since he lost them both, he had no one to talk to about it, no one to share his feelings with. He’d been utterly alone and wallowing in his own self-pity.
He looked Vanya in the eyes and saw nothing but sincerity, a kind of honest look that he rarely ever saw in other people. He could tell that she truly meant what she said when she asked him to tell her. She really was willing to listen and not for any reason but that she cared. He’d always been hesitant to share his inner feelings, to let people know how he really felt, but for some reason Vanya made him feel at ease.
“So much has happened,” he stammered. “I don’t even know where to begin.”
“Why did you come out here?” she asked. 
Aran started from the beginning and told his story as best he could, trying hard not to leave anything out. He could tell that some of the things he said were news to her, but he kept moving forward as if the end of the world was simply common knowledge. He spent a lot of time talking about Elle and how he felt about her, trying to convey his inner feelings without losing control of his emotions. When he finished, it was like a weight was lifted off his soul and he was finally able to breathe a bit. He had been holding in his pain for so long, he’d forgotten what it was like to release it. 
“I’m sorry,” she said.
“Thanks.”
“Was she the love of your life?”
Aran was taken aback by the question, unsure of exactly how to answer it.
“Of course I loved her,” he said quickly.
“I know you loved her, but was she the love of your life? The one who you can’t live without.”
As Vanya spoke, he looked at her face, the sensation welling up again, like someone filling him with air from a powerful compressor. He thought about her question and about whether Elle was really the love of his life, or just a girl who he cared about very much. He knew he loved Elle, he could feel it, but was she the one he couldn’t live without? Until the moment Vanya walked up onto the bluff, he would have said yes in a heartbeat, but now he wasn’t so sure.
“I don’t know,” he said unsurely.
“I’m sorry for asking,” she said. “It doesn’t matter anyway, what matters is that you cared for her and now she’s gone.”
Aran just nodded, he couldn’t muster the words to respond. He thought back to the first time he laid eyes on Elle and how she made him feel. The feelings were so clear in his mind as if he had just lived them yesterday, but one thing kept swirling around. He never felt the same ache in his heart that he felt when he looked at Vanya. This feeling was very different somehow. It was as if he finally found something he’d lost long ago and he was scared he might lose it again if he wasn’t careful. 
“Tell me about your family,” Aran asked.
Vanya told Aran everything about her family and her past. It was so evident how much of a connection she had to them, especially to her father. He could see her tearing up when she described her father and the relationship they had together. Aran had a good relationship with his parents, but he didn’t have the bond that Vanya seemed to have with father and at that moment he actually was glad for it. It made the loss of his family just a tiny bit easier to bear.
“How long will you stay?” Aran asked, not wanting to hear the answer. 
“I need to find my family,” she said. 
“How are you going to do that?” Aran asked.
She just hung her head, and lightly shrugged her shoulders. “How can I search for them if I can’t remember anything? Where would I start?”
“You couldn’t.”
He could see the tears in her eyes and feel the pain in her demeanor and it broke his own heart to see it. He had no idea why he was so emotionally moved by her, but it was powerful. There was nothing more he wanted than for her to stay with him, to live out on the island together. The thought made his heart skip.
“You could stay here until your memory returns,” he said, sitting close to her and putting his arm around her shoulders. 
“Thanks,” she said. “I don’t have anywhere to go or any way to get there anyway.”
“If you get your memory back, I’ll find your family with you,” he said. 
She raised her heard and looked into his eyes. Her eyes suddenly filled with a kind of puzzled wonder. “You’d do that?” she asked, almost shocked. “Why?”
Aran didn’t even know himself why he offered, but even after hearing the words from his mouth, he still was fully ready to go. He would forgo the safety of Damariscove if it meant helping Vanya and being with her. He had no idea why or how, but deep down he knew that it was the only solution.
“I don’t know,” he said, “But I’d leave tonight if I knew where to go.”
“You don’t have to do that,” she said. 
“I know,” he said with a smile. “I’d be honored to though.”
The rest of the evening was quiet and comfortable. Aran made dinner while Vanya talked about where she grew up, what she liked to do and what she wanted to do when she finished college. As the conversation progressed, he began to realize the gaps in her memory and how much she didn’t know about what was going on. She knew about the virus and how it was causing havoc, but she never mentioned the dead and she kept talking about the future as if she didn’t know that everything was gone and there was no going back to normal. 
He knew he was going to have to explain everything to her, but he didn’t know what the right moment would be. She was in a very fragile state and if he told her about how few people survived, he knew she would immediately worry about her family. He knew that they probably didn’t survive and it wasn’t just a pessimistic view, but sheer reality simply because the infection rate was so staggering.
“You look exhausted,” Aran said as he put away the dishes after dinner. 
“Yeah,” she said, “I really need a shower too.”
“Anything you need,” he said and he led her upstairs and showed her the bathroom and her bedroom, then he left her to get cleaned up. 
Aran lay down on the bed, breathing deeply and staring up at the ceiling. He was trying to make sense of the day, trying to get a grasp on what was happening. He was still convinced that he was either dreaming or dead; he just wasn’t sure which one it was. Down the hall was the most beautiful girl he’d ever laid eyes on, someone had an invisible hold on him. He’d just met her only hours before, but he knew that he’d do anything for her, anything she wanted or needed. 
She was a complete mystery and he kept trying to piece together the events that could have led up to her being on the island. How could she have just washed up on the shore? With each possible scenario bouncing around his head, the more convinced he was that he was dreaming it all, or hallucinating it. It was almost too perfect, like an angel sent down to him in his most desperate hour. Sent to save him from himself and save him from ending his own life. And suddenly he felt a longing for Vanya, a need to simply be in her presence, to experience those feelings that rushed through him when he looked at her. 
A few moments later she tapped on the door to his room and stuck her head through.
“I’m going to go to bed,” she said, the tiredness beginning to take over her.
“Of course,” he said. “You sleep as long as you need.”
“Thank you,” she said. “For everything.”
“I’m the one who owes you the thanks,” he said, looking down at his feet. “I don’t know what would have happened if you hadn’t come along. You saved my life.”
“I don’t think you would have done it,” she said. 
“You don’t know how low I was.”
“You’re too strong to take that road,” she replied. “That road is for cowards, and you’re not a coward.”
“Thanks,” he said as his heart pounded in his chest like thunder.
He reached out his hands and took her in his arms, embracing her for the first time. Every part of his body was alive with sensation almost as if Vanya emitted a kind of electricity that flowed through him. He pulled back and looked her in the face, unable to take his eyes off her.
“Goodnight,” was all he could manage to say, choking on the words.
She gave him a weak smile. “Same to you,” she replied as she turned and walked down the hallway. 
Aran closed his door and got ready for bed and as he lay in the darkness, he could feel a fearful thought welling up in him. If this was all just a dream, what nightmare was he going to wake up to?
The Day After
Aran awoke the next morning much later than he’d expected and although he gave up keeping track of time weeks ago, he could tell by the mid august sun that it was midmorning already. The day was glorious as the warm sun baked the blankets, erasing the cool chill of the evening. 
He got himself dressed and made his way down the hallway, unsure of whether he should open Vanya’s door and check on her or not. His decision was quickly made for him though as the door to her room stood wide open. He poked his head inside, but the room was empty. There wasn’t a single sign that anyone had even been in the room, let alone spent the night there. No clothes on the floor, bed perfectly made and everything just as he remembered it. 
His heart sank, a feeling of sadness washing over him like a flood of muddy water. Had he really dreamt everything from yesterday? Was Vanya just a vision in his head? It felt so real to him. She felt so real that he could still hear her voice in his ears as if she had just spoken to him.
He closed the door and made his way down to the kitchen, unable to shake the sadness that hung over him. He was right back where he started yesterday, the ray of hope that Vanya had given him had been doused, extinguishing the hope of companionship. 
Aran tried to make his breakfast and have a normal morning, but he found it impossible to keep his mind away from his feelings. So he left the dishes on the table and headed outside, hoping to clear his head and decide what he was going to do next. Yesterday he was seconds away from pulling the trigger and ending his life, so how could he go back to living day to day when nothing changed? He was still alone on the island, still wracked with grief from the loss of Elle and Ellis and living is a world taken over by the dead. 
He started slowing walking the island path, not having a particular destination in mind, but just feeling the need to move. His mind was spinning. He’d had so many terrible dreams over the last few months that it was actually a relief to have such a normal, run of the mill dream. He couldn’t quite understand how his feelings seemed to be so tied to the dream, like someone had torn out a piece of who he was, leaving a hole behind. But how could a dream leave such a lasting impression? Maybe he’d met Vanya at some point in his life and without ever realizing it, she had imprinted in his subconscious. It was always possible, but Aran couldn’t help but think that he would have remembered her. There simply wasn’t as way for someone like her to not make a lasting impression.
Aran spent the day wandering the island, picking up trash that had washed ashore and laughing at how silly he was to think that someone like Vanya could just wash up on shore and wander onto the island. As the afternoon approached, he made his way back up to the ledge. He wasn’t exactly sure what he was looking for, but something drew him up there. 
Lying on the ground, exactly where he remembered sitting the day before was the handgun he nearly used to kill himself. Seeing it just laying on soft ground brought new confusion to his already muddled mind. If the previous night was a dream, how did he get back to the house? At first he thought that he may have dreamt the whole incident, but seeing the gun there in plain sight proved he’d been up on the hill. 
He quickly turned and ran down the path, a new vigor in his step. He couldn’t have dreamt everything; the gun was proof of that. Somehow he had gotten back to the house the evening before and something had stopped him from pulling the trigger. His heart was racing and he felt the brambles tear at his legs as he dashed down the un-kept path towards the house. 
She had to be there. He’d never actually considered that maybe she went out for a walk, or took the kayak out for a paddle. From what she’d told him, she tended to be a very private person and someone who enjoys reflective time. She probably got up before him, didn’t want to wake him and headed out on the island to be alone. A wide smile broke across his face as he remembered how he felt when he was around her, the electricity he felt when he hugged her goodnight. 
He burst through the front door and into the house as the last light of the sun gave the living room a dull glow filled with shadows.
“Vanya,” he cried. “Are you okay?’
His voice was met with silence. A silence so stark that it sent a chill down his spine. 
“Vanya,” he shouted again, piercing the stillness.
It was in that moment he knew that it was all in his head. Vanya was about as real as the characters in the stories he written even though for just a few moments, he was so sure that she had been real. The feelings he had for her still resonated through him as if she was standing right there in the room.
He suddenly couldn’t bear another second. All he wanted to do was curl up in his bed and close his eyes, hoping to fall asleep and rejoin Vanya again in whatever dream world he’d first met her. It was his last best hope to be happy again. He desperately wanted to feel something other than the emptiness of the island. 
It took him hours to get his mind to calm itself down enough for sleep to take hold, but he was finally able to close his eyes on a day he wished he could forget.
It was the incessant thumping that woke Aran, ripping him out of his dreams in the dead of the night. He sat bolt upright in bed, heart smashing against his ribs. From the first night he’d spent in the house, he was used to silence. Silence so complete that sometimes that his ears rung with the lack of sound waves pressing on his eardrums. The constant thudding sound that filled his room was a sound so alien to him on the island, but yet so familiar in his mind. 
He crawled over to the window and slowly peered outside, dreading what could be causing such a commotion. As his eyes adjusted to the dull moonlight, horror pierced through him like a stake in the chest, knocking the wind from his lungs. Down below him, surrounding the house on all sides was a horde of corpses beating against the walls, trying to get inside. 
Panic kept Aran frozen to the spot, unable to think or breathe. The hundreds of hands continued to slam against the boards of the house like a drum corps gone berserk. Aran snapped himself out of his trance and flew across the room, heading for the other bedroom. He ran across the moonlit room and looked through the mullioned window. His eyes were met with the same scene as the other window; hundreds of corpses madly bashing themselves against the house. 
So many questions swirled through his mind that he couldn’t even try to answer them. How did they get out to the island in the first place and why in such numbers? What sound could possibly have drawn them to the house with such fervor when the night had been so silent and still? Was it his shouting for Vanya earlier in the night?
As he looked out over the crowd, the corpses began to look up toward the window, their demonic faces beginning to show signs of decay. He could feel the countless eyes fixating on him from below. 
“They know I’m here,” he whispered to himself, “But how is that possible?”
He spun around and dropped to the ground, getting out of the window and slinking his way across the floor to the bedroom door. He leaned against the wall in the hallway, trying to plan his next move. The crashing of glass broke through the thumping and Aran could hear the sounds of the bodies as they tore apart the window frame and thudded against the floor of the downstairs. 
“So this is how it ends,” he said. 
He could hear the moans and the wails of the dead as they filled the downstairs like water fills an empty container. They piled into the living room in an instant, crawling over each other trying to get to the stairs. 
Aran squeezed his fists and pounded the floor, the vibration echoing across the hallway. He slowly stood up and walked toward the stairs, his heart racing. At the top of the stairwell he could hear the clamor from the rooms below and the house bulged with the pressure of the flood of corpses that were flowing through the broken window. It wouldn’t be long before they found the entrance to the lower hallway and then the stairs themselves. He took a deep breath, letting the cool night air fill his lungs. After everything he’d been through and all he’d suffered over the last few months, his life was going to end at the top of the stairs. There was no other choice, no other way around the inevitable. He’d spent the last months avoiding the dead like the plague, trying to find any excuse to stay far away from them. Being bitten seemed a fate worse than death to him, but yet here he was after everything, about to be torn apart by the very creatures he feared the most. 
He looked down the stairs into the blackness below, waiting for the first pair of eyes to look up at him and the first scream to tear through the night.
“Let’s end this!” he shouted down into the blackness as he stood defiantly at the top of the stairs. 
The screams from below were earth shattering as the horde of bodies all surged toward the sound of Aran’s shout. He could see the first of the dead at the base of the stairs. A young woman came screaming up the stairs, followed by a dozen more. He readied himself as the girl came to the last step and closed his eyes, waiti``	 for the pain to sear through him as she clamped down on the closest part of his body she cou	ld reach. 
But instead of a bite, he felt a pair of hands on his shoulders, shaking him violently and the distant sound of a voice calling out to him. 
“Are you okay?” it called, barely audible. 
Aran felt as if he was being sucked out of the house, as if some invisible force was pulling him away. The walls blurred and the room began to spin, ripping him from top of the stairs. Then everything went bright white, blinding his vision.  
His eyes burst open. He was no longer at the top of the stairs, but on the hard floor and the girl looking down on him wasn’t a mangled corpse, it was Vanya.
“Are you okay?” she asked calmly, putting her hand on his head.
“I don’t know,” he said unsurely. “What happened?”
“You tell me,” she said with a bright smile. “You’re the one having a nightmare.”
New Life, New Island
“You’re here!” he said with a start. “Where did you go?”
“I was sleeping,” Vanya said, “I woke up because you were shouting in your sleep. You must have been having a hell of a dream.”
“I guess I was,” he said rubbing his eyes. Aran was confused and a bit disorientated, but things quickly began to make sense. The dream had been so vivid so real that he was having a hard time moving from dream to reality. Could he be dreaming this as well? He slowly stood up and made his way to the window, looking out over the harbor. It was still and calm without a single corpse in sight or the incessant sound of them beating on the sides of the house. 
“You wanna tell me about it?” she asked, standing behind him, her beauty reflected in the dull windowpanes. 
“I dreamt that you weren’t real,” he said. “I woke up and you were gone. Not just gone though, it was more like you never existed.”
“Well I think I exist,” she said smiling.
Aran turned around and looked into her eyes. He could feel the sensation again tugging at him from inside. It was like a magnet, pulling him to her. He knew that some of it was attraction, but this feeling was something different. He’d had crushes before. One time he was head over heels for Maddie in fifth grade and another time he was crazy for a girl who was several grades above him, but this was much more than that. This was way beyond a simple crush or infatuation. He’d only known her for a few hours, but in that span of time he felt a stronger pull toward her than any other person he’d ever met. 
“You should go back to bed,” Aran said. 
Vanya shook her head. “It’s almost dawn and I won’t be able to get back to sleep anyway.”
“I’m not too keen on going back to dreamland right now either,” he replied, sitting down on the bed. 
“You wanna go out and take a walk?” she asked. 
“Yeah, I’d like that.”
Aran and Vanya walked up to the bluff and watched the sunrise, talking about everything from music to life and enjoying the quiet serenity of the island. 
“This part of Maine is so beautiful,” she said. “I’ve been to Boothbay before when I visited a friend. It’s a really cool little town.”
“I have to ask,” Aran said unsurely, “Do you know what’s happened out there?”
Vanya just sat and stared out over the water. “Not really,” she replied. “I mean I know that some kind of virus spread and that people were getting sick really fast.” 
“Do you know what happens to the people who get sick?” he asked.
She just shook her head. “No. My dad wouldn’t tell us anything. He didn’t want us to panic.”
Aran just hung his head. He had a feeling that she was in the dark about the whole situation, but he wasn’t sure how much he should tell her. She seemed strong, but such a huge blow could rattle just about anyone.
“You can tell me the truth,” she said, putting her hand in his shoulder.
Aran sat and thought for a moment, trying to figure out where to start. 
“The infected ones die and then come back,” he said bluntly. “The world is full with billions of living corpses and all they want is to get to the uninfected.” 
Vanya sat in silence, a blank look on her face. “Billions?” she whispered. 
Aran nodded. “Yeah, almost everyone.”
“Why are we alive?”
“A few people, like us, are immune to the airborne strain of the virus.”
“A few?”
“There was a doctor that was living out here with us for a while and he said that he heard that about five percent of people were immune.”
Tears began to stream down Vanya’s face and Aran knew that in that second she had done the math. Just five percent of people were immune, making the likelihood of any of her family surviving very low. He had done the same math with his own family when he heard Todd talk about the immunity rate. 
“We’ll find them,” he said, putting his arm around her. “You can’t give up hope.”
They stayed up on the bluff for a long time, sitting in silence. Aran never took his arm from around her, giving her the comfort he knew she must have needed.
Later that afternoon, they took a long hike around the island and Aran showed Vanya all the places he used to come and write before the world died. He shared some of his stories and told her his version of the apocalypse. It was a wonderful hike for Aran and for the fist time in his life felt like he simply couldn’t run out of things to talk about. 
Day after day they took walks and worked on the house. Aran began to fall deeper and deeper in love with his newfound friend with every passing moment. They would take daily walks together and talk about life as if nothing had happened. Vanya’s memory was still unchanged and Aran was beginning to wonder if her entire memory after the virus would be permanently masked, like Elle’s memory of her parents coming back to life. Maybe she’d seen something as terrible as Elle did and her brain was protecting her from the trauma. 
Aran decided to use the CB radio to make a daily broadcast to see if Vanya’s father was out looking for her. He also decided that it was a good idea to see if anyone else was out there too. He never gave specifics of their location, but let anyone listening know that he had shelter and safety. He was torn and conflicted. Part of him hoped that they would find other survivors and begin to build a community, but the other part loved having Vanya all to himself. Deep down, he hoped that she wouldn’t find her family because he knew that unless they came and stayed on Damariscove, she would choose them over him. 
Regardless, every afternoon at four, he would get on the CB and broadcast a message for anyone listening and each day was met with radio silence. Aran began to wonder if there was anyone left out there at all. 
He and Vanya continued the work that Elle, Ellis and Todd had started before everything fell apart on the night of the supply run. They pulled the lobster traps, foraged the local islands for firewood and kept themselves busy keeping the island looking nice.
Vanya took over the job of the house garden and began harvesting the vegetables that Elle planted when she first dug it. With Aran’s help, she managed to can a lot of tomatoes, harvest corn and pick a bunch of peas. Some of the strawberries became ripe and Vanya stumbled across a patch of wild blueberries on a sheltered part of the island near the small pond. They would spend nights talking, often staying up to all hours of the night. Sometimes they would stay in the same room, which Aran loved because nothing made him happier than waking up next to her beautiful face in the morning. 
The weeks passed with much of the same routine and Aran quickly began to forget his sadness as his feelings for Vanya continued to grow and solidify. He knew that soon he would have to divulge how he felt, but he was hesitant. It had been almost two months since Vanya first appeared on the island and she had never given him any sign that she had feelings toward him at all. He could feel that they had a connection, a friendship, but he didn’t pick up on anything more than that. He was afraid of how she might react if he opened up to her and let his feelings out. 
As the time passed, his feelings came more into focus and Aran was quite sure that he understood what Vanya was. She was his soulmate. She was the missing piece of himself. The one person who could make him complete; make him whole. The more he thought about it, the less he believed it and the more he knew it in his heart. Never had he been so confident, so sure of exactly what he was feeling. He just had to find a way to tell her. 
The arrival of October brought with it much cooler weather as the warm days and cool nights gave way to cool crisp days and cold, clear nights. Aran always loved the fall season in Maine and always looked forward to October. School was in full swing, Halloween was approaching and the holidays were just around the bend. 
But this October brought with it a hint of fear. It would be just a month or so before the weather would turn to winter and the Atlantic storms would rage across the sea, pounding Damariscove with brutal force. He knew the house would stand up to it, but he they would struggle against the cold. 
No one had lived in the house during the winter and Aran was unsure at how it would stand up to the cold and how hard it would be to keep it livable inside when the weather got really bad.
Aran was a child of the twenty-first century, born in the nineties, but used to the modern technology that came along a ten years later. Smart phones with weather apps, the internet providing answers to problems you needed to solve and the ability to connect with people from all over the world if you needed help. Now he had no way to see what was coming. The next day could bring a massive storm or a heat wave and he wouldn’t know about it until it was upon them. 
The fresh water had finally run out, leaving them with the brackish well water, which they used to shower and wash up. By Aran’s count they had more than enough water to last them for the winter, but he still used it with caution. The last thing he wanted to do was to have to make another supply run. 
It was end of October that they woke to the howling of wind and pounding of the sea. Even the normally calm harbor was rolling with swells, tossing the whaler and the sailboat around like toys in a bathtub. Just a few weeks before, Vanya had found the storm windows and they had managed to put them in, giving the house a bit more protection from the wind and weather. But even with the storm windows in, they could hear the earsplitting whistle of the gale as it slammed against the house. 
“I want to go outside and see the waves,” Vanya said as they sat in the living room.
“We should go out and make sure everything out there is secure anyway,” he said. “I’m up for it.”
The wind nearly tore the door off as they opened it, taking all their effort to close it behind them. Outside the wind pushed against them like a thousand invisible hands, forcing them back against the house. 
“Is this a Nor’easter?” Vanya yelled against the sound of the wind. 
Aran shook his head. “I don’t think so,” he yelled. “This wind is coming from the south and it’s got some warmth to it. I think this could be a tropical storm or even a hurricane” Aran hadn’t been through many tropical storms growing up in Maine because they rarely made it up his way. He remembered a few from his childhood and how the people in town ran around like crazy trying to batten everything down. 
“How do you know?” Vanya asked.
“Nor’easter winds blow in from the northeast, not the south.”
If Aran understood one thing well about weather, it was the nor’easter. As a coastal Maine dweller, everyone knew about the deadly force that a nor’easter could bring. 
They circled the house, trying to keep their balance against the wind, checking to make sure that everything was in good order and that nothing had broken loose or looked like it was about to give way. 
Satisfied, they made their way down to the harbor and watched the boats. The sailboat was big enough and tied up tight that Aran didn’t worry that much about it breaking free. The Whaler, however was tossing around like a twig caught in rapids. 
“I’m worried about the Whaler,” he shouted. “Looks like it could give way.” 
“What can you do?”
“Nothing I guess, just hope it makes it.”
They decided that even with the harsh winds, they would make the ascent to the tower and look out over the island. It was hard going, but they made it to the top of the hill and looked down over the whole of the island. The rain had begun to come in sheets, covering much of the island in a haze of water and mist. The shrubs were bending to the force of the wind, making the island look shorter and flat. The southern wind was tearing up the hill from the harbor, and some of the low bushes on the hillside were beginning to break loose from the ground and take to the air. The southern sky was black as night, the clouds seeming to roar with anger as it churned in their direction. 
“This is only the beginning,” Aran shouted. “We better get back.”
They hurried back down as quickly as they could, the winds picking up and the gusts becoming more and more powerful. The house seemed to be groaning on its foundation as the wind picked up speed. There was a small weather station set up in the living room, which gave the temperature and wind speed. He walked over and looked at the LCD readout. His heart nearly skipped a beat as he saw the number. The wind speed was fluctuating between seventy and seventy five miles per hour. He knew from science class that hurricanes were named once they hit seventy-four, so if this wasn’t a hurricane, it was damn close to one. 
“We need to tape the windows, just in case they burst,” he said.
They found a roll of duct tape in the kitchen and made the rounds, taping across the panes which would prevent the glass from bursting all over the room if the wind shattered them. 
After they taped the windows, they ate dinner and lay down in bed, listening to the storm and talking like they usually did. 
Aran had grown to love their evening talks. Each night he looked forward to learning more about Vanya and telling her more about him. He’d never revealed so much about himself to another person in his whole life, but somehow he felt so eager to share his secrets. It was as if he felt like himself for the first time in his life. He was so comfortable around her, so sure of himself as a person that he almost had to look in the mirror to see that it was still him. 
Each night he lay in bed thinking of how he was going to tell her how he felt, how he was going to muster the courage to spill out his very soul to her. He thought long and hard about whether that night was the night he should tell her. He found it fitting that he had such an emotional storm raging inside him at the same time that the hurricane was doing its best to disrupt the outside. In the end he chose to wait until the perfect moment or until he could no longer hold it in, one of which he was sure was right around the corner.
The Storm Passes
The storm hammered the island for the rest of the night and the following day. The rain beat down on the windows and roof with such ferocity it sounded like the house was going to cave in. The wind raged all night long, but started to slow a bit as the morning came, giving a little relief. Between the rain and the tape over the windows, it was impossible to see outside to assess any kind of damage or problems with the surrounding area. Aran hoped that everything outside was relatively safe, but it was impossible to tell. The wind gauge showed that the wind hit a high of just over a hundred miles an hour. In his whole life he’d never seen or felt wind that strong and it just amazed him that a storm like this could batter the coast in the same year that human civilization came to a crashing end. 
Vanya came walking over and looked over Aran’s shoulder at the gauge. “It’s like Mother Nature is trying to wash up after the mess,” she said. 
Aran thought about her words for a moment. Could this all be the Earth’s way of cleansing itself? Was this Mother Nature’s way to mopping up?
“I wonder what effect this storm will have on the corpses?” Aran said. “And the cold and the snow. What will happen when the nights freeze and they are out there roaming around?”
The thoughts gave Aran hope. Hope that maybe the bodies would act like real people who died and begin to rot away. If they could outlast the corpses and hold out, they should just collapse and decay. 
“Vanya, what if the corpses just rot away?”
“What makes you think they will?” she asked stoically. 
“They have to don’t they?” he said. “I mean they’re flesh just like us. When an animal dies, after a while, it rots away.”
“I don’t know if you can apply the normal rules though. I mean normally when an animal dies, it’s dead and gone. It doesn’t get back up and hunt other living animals.”
It was true. Everything she said was exactly true. Mother Nature didn’t have to play by the rules and the fact that a virus came along, killed billions of people and then re-animated them was proof that nothing was for certain anymore. For all they knew, those corpses were destined to walk the earth forever. 
Late in the afternoon the storm began to die down and the rain subsided a bit. The wicked winds eased up, a clear sign that the storm was passing. Aran ventured outside late in the afternoon to try to survey the damage and assess what repairs might be needed once the weather improved. The wind was still strong and the rain was falling hard enough that the gusts were swirling the droplets around, making for a wet and uncomfortable experience. 
After a quick look around the house, Aran discovered that there were going to be more repairs than he’d originally thought. The wind had broken loose quite a few sideboards from the house and debris from around the complex had blown around, causing some damage to the house. The small caretakers quarters where Todd had set himself up was in total shambles with much of the roof and sides caved in. Aran was sad to see it in such bad shape considering the amount of work that Todd had put in during his time on the island. 
Looking at the broken down structure got Aran wondering about Todd and what could have happened to him. He was cut off from the mainland on Southport, with no way off except by boat. Could he have found a way off, or had he suffered the same fate as Ellis and Elle? It made him shudder to think back to the horrific loss he suffered on the supply run. It was a harsh reminder of how quickly things can change and how nothing could be taken for granted.
He discovered the worst loss of all after walking the perimeter. The Whaler had torn loose from it’s mooring and was smashed up against the rocks on the far shore. Although the sailboat was still intact and undamaged, it wasn’t a substitute for the speed and maneuverability of the Whaler and Aran grimaced at the thought of having to use the dirty old lobster boat that Todd had come in on to do anything more than pull up the traps. 
An hour later, soaked and freeing cold, Aran made his way back into the house.
“Well?” Vanya said as he pulled off his soaking jacket. “How bad is it?”
“We lost the Whaler,” he said sighing.
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s okay I guess. Could have been much worse. We still have the lobster boat and the sailboat for longer trips.”
“The house okay?”
“A little damage,” he said. “Nothing that can’t be fixed though. Considering those winds, we got lucky.”
“You should take a hot shower,” she said looking at him dripping wet in the doorway. “Before you catch a cold or something.”
“Yeah, good idea.”
Aran tramped up the stairs, heavy with thoughts. He knew he had to tell her and tell her soon. The suspense was killing him. His feelings had grown so strong it took all his mental energy and restraint to keep himself from blurting out his true feelings at the top of his lungs. No matter how many times he tried to convince himself that he was just being silly and that he was trying to replace the loss of Elle with something else, the more he knew that this girl was the one he was meant to be with. 
He even thought that it was possible that this whole mess was just a way to get two people destined to be together to meet and fall in love. He knew it was ridiculous and completely outlandish, but his feelings were so powerful that he felt anything was possible.
He slid into the shower and let the warm water run over his freezing cold body. He knew it had to be soon, but he wanted it to be special. This could potentially be the turning point in his life and he wanted it to be as perfect as it could be under the circumstances. He’d practiced over and over again what he wanted to say, creating a script in his head of what points he knew he needed to include. He had to make sure he told her everything. 
After a long shower deeply immersed in thought, he decided that he would ask her on the last Thursday in November which was just a couple of weeks away. Thanksgiving seemed like the perfect day to tell her and he was planning a nice dinner, trying to keep some of the past traditions alive. Besides, what could he be more thankful for but her? She had saved his life and brought him love, true love. She showed him what loving someone and being connected to a person truly felt like. It wasn’t this fluttery infatuation that he’d felt in the past; it was a deep and cutting love and one so strong that you didn’t know if you could live without the other person. 
The days following the storm were spent fixing up the house and repairing the damage to the harbor and the surrounding area. After the storm passed, the weather became spectacular. The skies dawned crystal blue and the sir was crisp and clean. They spent most of their days outside, soaking up the sun and taking advantage of the weather before the darkness and cold of winter started to set in.
They spent the mornings working around the island and the afternoons walking and talking. Aran never tired of spending time with Vanya and they had the perfect balance of conversation and silence when they were together. They never ran out of things to talk about, but they also didn’t feel the need to fill every quiet second with talk either. Sometimes it was nice to just enjoy each other’s company. In those days, he learned so much about her. He listened with such intent, a focus that he could never remember giving to anything before. He hung on each word she said, creating the pictures of her past, her family and her life in his head. With each day, each conversation he was positive that he was right about her. She was part of him and she needed to know how he felt.
Heartfelt
Aran could barely sleep the night before Thanksgiving. He’d spent the past two weeks thinking about the moment he was about to live. He’d planned it out in his head and he hoped that everything would go as he envisioned. He was going to take Vanya back up to the rocky ledge where he first met her and saved his life. He was going to take her hand in his, get down on one knee and proclaim his feelings for her. 
Over the months that they had been on the island, he always wondered if she knew how he felt towards her. Could she sense his love and his immense feelings? If she did, she was damn good at hiding it because he had no hints at all that she suspected anything at all.
He was particularly quiet that morning, working out the thoughts in his head. He their usual breakfast and sat down at the table, staring out the small kitchen window. 
“You okay?” she asked, seeing that he was clearly acting slightly off.
“I’m fine,” he lied, “Just a lot on my mind.”
“I’ve been listening to the CB a lot,” she said.
Aran had noticed that she was in front of the CB radio quite often lately, tuning the channels and trying to see if she could pick up some chatter or voices. 
“Anything?” he asked already knowing the answer.
She just shook her head. “I was hoping to hear my dad,” she said with a sigh. 
Aran didn’t know what to say when Vanya talked about finding her dad. He knew deep down inside that the chances of him even being alive was slim to none. It was the world they lived in, a world where there was no happy ending. No one was riding in on a white horse to save the day. The dead had won and the bad guys never got the justice that they always did in the stories. 
“I’ll do my best to help you find him,” Aran said. For a while he almost guaranteed her that she was going to find him, but lately he started to back off that position, taking a more practical approach. He fully planned on doing whatever he could to help her, but he didn’t want to promise things he couldn’t deliver on. 
“Thanks,” she said. 
The two of them spent a wonderful morning in the kitchen, preparing the food for their Thanksgiving meal. Aran had found a frozen chicken in the chest downstairs that they had taken from the marina all those months ago. They had bread stuffing, cranberry sauce and some frozen green beans and peas, all courtesy of the supply run to Hannafords. It was a bittersweet moment for Aran. He was elated to be spending the time with Vanya, making food as if nothing outside was different, but his heart still hurt knowing the price he paid for the food he was preparing. Two friends taken and one missing was steep for the comforts of the old world.
With the chicken in the over and the food nearly ready to be served, Aran and Vanya took their usual walk up to the ledge. For Aran, it was the longest walk of his life. He knew what was at stake at the end and it scared him. He had no idea what her reaction would be to what he was going to tell her. Even in his head, it sounded crazy. Could he really be so sure after just a few months? But no matter how he tried or spun it around in his mind, he kept coming back to the same conclusion. 
The afternoon was beautiful. It was just cold enough to needs jackets, but the sun still felt warm and comfortable against their faces. They sat in silence on the rock, looking out over the water. 
“I wanna tell you something,” he said, his voice shaking. 
“Okay,” she replied, a bit puzzled.
“When I lost Elle, I thought my life was over. I thought that I would never be happy again. I spent everyday for two weeks coming up here with that gun, planning to end my own life. And everyday, I failed at pulling the trigger. The day you came, I really thought I was going to do it. It thought it was truly the end. But you saved me. You saved my life. I can never repay you for that. Ever. But I realized after that this was all meant to be.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“You coming here and saving me,” he said confidently.
“Why was that meant to be?”
“Because I love you,” he said surly. “I love you more than life itself. You are the missing piece of me that I never knew I was missing until I saw you.” He stood up and looked down on her, her beautiful hair blowing in the wind. “You saved my life when I was just seconds from ending it. I would give up my life to save yours. You’re my soulmate. You hold half of my heart; half of my soul and I’m complete with you. You’re my one true love”
Vanya sat in silence for a moment, the seconds she waited to respond ticked by at a snails pace. He couldn’t tell right away what she was thinking, but the butterflies in his stomach were churning like a washing machine. 
“I’m sorry,” she said softly, not looking up at him.
It was at that very second he knew. She didn’t have to say another word. Those two simple words said everything. She didn’t feel the same way. She didn’t have feelings for him. She didn’t share the same connection that he did with her. 
It was like a punch in the stomach knocking the wind from his lungs and leaving him gasping for air. He felt his knees weaken and his legs sway and it took all his concentration to keep himself balanced. He dropped to the ground, letting his weight sink against the rock shelf. 
“It’s okay,” he said. “But I needed to tell you. I needed you to know how I felt.”
“Thank you for telling me.” She said, avoiding his eyes. “I’m sorry I don’t feel the same way.”
“Could that ever change?” he asked. Vanya didn’t immediately respond, instead she gazed out over the water with her hands around her knees. 
“I can’t say anything is impossible.”
Aran didn’t know how to respond. Normally he was a very grounded and realistic person, understanding when things were and were not meant to be. But this was different. 
“I’ll wait for you,” he said.
“But…..,”
“It doesn’t matter,” he said cutting her off. “I’ll wait until the day I die. Until after I die. I’ll always be here for you,” he said.
“Thanks,” she said. “You don’t have to be though.” 
“This is what I’m supposed to do. This is my destiny. You’re my fate.” 
He grabbed hold of her hand and looked into her sad, blue eyes. Even though she’d pronounced that she didn’t have feelings for him, he loved her even more than before. His love for her was undying and unrelenting. He would always love her no matter what her feelings were for him.
“Stay here with me,” he said. “I can keep you safe. We can have a good life out here together.”
“I still need to be with my family,” she said sadly.
“I promised you I’d help you look and if we find them, we can all stay out here.” He stood up, lifting her to her feet. Holding her hands, he kissed her on the cheek. 
“You don’t have to do that,” she said.
“I love you,” he said.
“I need to find them,” she replied. “I just don’t know where to start.” 
“If they’re alive, they’re looking for you,” he said firmly. “We’ll scan the CB and we can take the sailboat out everyday and look.”
She nodded and wrapped her arms around him, holding him tight. It was a feeling of complete joy for Aran as he felt the warmth of her body against his. Inside he was still devastated that she didn’t feel the same way for him, but he was grateful for having her around. It was her he loved and her company that made him content. He could never lie and say that he didn’t long to press his lips against hers and have her kiss him in return.
“I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t been on this island though,” she said. “You sort of saved me in a way.”
Aran smiled at her. “Maybe you’re right,” he said, but you could’ve survived out here without me. I would have been gone for sure.”
“I don’t think you would’ve done it.”
“I know I would have,” he replied, hanging his head. “I’m not proud of it either.”
“Sometimes people just get to the end of their rope.”
“But I shouldn’t have let myself get that way.”
“I don’t blame you,” said with her head against his shoulder, “This world isn’t a happy place anymore. It’s natural to want to leave it.”
Aran pulled back from Vanya’s hug and pushed the hair from her face. “We need to stay together. We could be the last people left.”
“I don’t wanna think like that,” she said, pulling away from him. “I need to believe that my family is out there. Somewhere. Looking for me.”
“And if they are, we’ll find them,” he said, putting his hands on her shoulders. “But we can’t split up. We have to stay together.”
Vanya turned around. She gave him a weak smile and took hold of one of his hands. 
“Of course I’m not going to leave. This place is safe and if we find them, I’m bringing them here. You’re not going to have to say goodbye, I promise.”
Aran felt a warm feeling building inside him. He wasn’t going to lose her, at least not her company. She was going to stay with him no matter what happened and that made him happy. It was a ray of light in what would otherwise have been a bad afternoon. 
“Let’s go eat,” he said, leading her away from the edge. 
They made their way back to the house and enjoyed a warm Thanksgiving meal and even though Aran’s heart was sad, he felt like he could eventually come to terms with it.
They cleaned up the remnants of their meal and tidied up the kitchen. The late afternoon sun was still shining low on the western water. How Aran longed to be watching football, enjoying time with his family and waiting for his mother to bring out the traditional Thanksgiving dessert assortment. But instead of cheering for the Patriots and a house full of loud, overstuffed relatives, all he heard was silence. 
“Let’s go for a sail,” Aran said as they finished cleaning.
“Right now?” 
“No time like a beautiful Thanksgiving afternoon to start looking for your family.”
Vanya’s face lit up and Aran saw a light in her eyes that wasn’t there before.
Sails and Snows
It was a magnificent afternoon on the water and Aran was excited to get the sails up and cruise with the wind. They had only used the Bella Notte a couple of times and only once under sail. Vanya brought the nautical maps from the house and started marking off zones for them to search. Based on where she washed up, they decided to search east of Damariscove. They navigated around the outer islands, looking for signs of a boat that was tied up or people on the small islands. Vanya’s memory was weak, but she remembered the boat that her family’s friends owned and was almost positive that they went out on it. It was a larger boat, by her description, so it couldn’t have been pulled up on shore or easily hidden.
They sailed around the edges of the main harbors and circled the islands, but saw nothing of significance. 
“Can we just sail out into the open ocean for a while?” Vanya asked after an hour of looking. “I just want to feel the wind and forget things for a bit.”
Aran headed out past the island and into the open sea. It had been a long time since he took a boat out for pure pleasure and he was glad that Vanya had suggested the idea. The sun was sitting low over the water and the chill fall air was cold and brisk. The day was so beautiful; Aran could barely remember the horrors of the mainland. He looked at Vanya who was sitting out on the deck, face to the breeze and thought about everything he’d said to her. Even though she didn’t feel the same, he was happy that he got his feelings off his chest and that she understood. 
Aran and Vanya took the Bella Notte out everyday the weather allowed and each day they searched farther out for signs that her family was out there. Each day they were met with nothing but silence. Occasionally they saw glimpses of movement on the shores of the more populated places, a sure sign that the corpses were still walking around hunting for the scattered uninfected people. 
The weather had turned cold and winter was beginning to set in. Somewhere in the middle of December, they woke up to a coating of snow across the island, blanketing the hills and shrubs in a dusting of sparkle that shimmered in the morning sun. The house stayed remarkably warm despite the frigid nights and the biting winds that blew across the cold ocean. Everyday at four, Aran would broadcast his message across all the channels of the CB, hoping that someone, would respond. It had been so long since he’d had contact with another person besides Vanya and he was truly beginning to wonder whether anyone else was left. Vanya was starting to become more and more convinced that her family wasn’t out there and Aran hated the sadness that she felt, but he understood.
Life on the island continued all through the winter, which was long and dark. Despite the cold, if they could sail, they would always go out in hopes that they would find something. Aran spent each morning scanning the horizon with his binoculars, looking for wafts of smoke that might signal that someone out there was trying to survive, but he never saw a wisp. It wasn’t until early March that Vanya came running up the stairs and burst through the bedroom door.
“I heard my father on the CB,” she shouted, “He’s on Monhegan Island.”
Life and Death
“Wait. Are you serious?” Aran replied. 
Vanya just nodded her head. “I heard him calling for help.”
“Did you talk to him?”
“No, but I heard his voice and I know it’s him. We’ve gotta go. Like now!”
Aran’s head was spinning at the news Vanya had just brought him. Her father was alive and in trouble out on Monhegan Island. Could it actually be true? It seemed so far fetched, but yet she seemed so convinced.
“How do you know it was him?” he asked trying to make sure she was positive.
“It was his voice, I know it,” she said confidently. “He said he was trapped and needed help.”
Monhegan was a small island community nearly thirty miles off the coast and out all on it’s own. Almost all of the residents only lived there in the summer because it was too harsh and cold to be out there in the winter. Not to mention that the only way on and off was a nearly ninety minute ferry ride. It was a quaint little island with artsy shops and beautiful hikes out to massive cliffs that faced the rough Atlantic seas. It was plausible that someone could be trapped out there, but it just seemed so crazy. They hadn’t heard anything for months on the CB and suddenly the first voice to break the silence was her father’s? It was a bit too much for Aran, but he’d promised Vanya he would do anything and he was going to follow through. 
“Okay,” he said, “let’s go.”
The day was blustery and cold, but the weather was holding. The trip out to Monhegan was not always the most stable and Aran was a bit afraid of making the journey. Vanya was so dead set on the fact that her father was out on the island; he had no choice but to do it. The Bella Notte cut through the waves like a knife and she rolled up and down with the huge ocean swells. The spray came splashing over the bow and the boat dipped down between the waves, covering the deck in white water. 
Vanya had learned to operate the boat over the winter because Aran felt it necessary for her to have some basic knowledge in case an emergency ever came up during once of their searching missions. She loved standing behind the wheelhouse of the boat, steering it into the wind and feeling the cold against her face. Aran loved watching her standing at the helm, a goddess in the bright sunlight. He never took his eyes off her. She was more wonderful than the endless blue see could ever be and he never wanted to spend a second without her.
As they headed toward the island, Aran began to wonder what they would encounter when the docked. He and Vanya would often discuss what they thought might have happened to the corpses over the winter and how the cold would effect them. Simple logic would say that the bodies would have to eventually rot away from decay, but nothing about what happened followed any kind of logic. Aran had a feeling the corpses would be wandering the earth for a long time, making any kind of human resurgence next to impossible. 
Vanya was much more hopeful about the whole thing. Maybe it was because she was less bitter and jaded than Aran, or maybe it was because she’d never come face to face with the hoards of screaming bodies that roamed every corner of the world. Regardless, she thought that this was something that humanity was destined to overcome and so many times Aran wished he could share her optimism. 
“How long till we get there?” Vanya called from the wheel.
“I have no idea. I’ve only been out here once and it was a while ago,” he yelled across the wind.
Aran looked at the chart that he found on the boat and tried to see where they might be, but with the GPS satellites down, there was no way to tell out in the open ocean exactly where they were. He knew the were heading in the right direction, but he also knew that just veering a little might cause them to miss it completely. On a crystal clear day, they would have been able to see the island already, sitting on the horizon like a giant sea turtle.
Aran walked over and stood behind Vanya, putting his arms around her.
“Are you ready for what you might see out there?” he said.
“I don’t think anyone would ever be ready to see it,” she replied.
“I’ll never get used to seeing them.”
“How fast are they?”
“Too fast,” he replied, remembering the swing bridge and how fast the hoard swallowed up the space between them. “You can’t outrun them.”
“Not like the movies,” she sighed.
“No, nothing like them at all.”
It took them two hours, but they finally saw the island ahead of them, rising out of the mist that had begun to swirl around. Even though Aran remembered Monhegan as a quaint and happy place, it looked so ominous and forbidding as it lay in the water. The island had a small public wharf where boats could pull up, including the large ferry that was used to carry people to and from Boothbay Harbor. Aran was hoping that the dock would be clear so that they could tie up the sailboat and not have to deal with the hassle and danger of using a dinghy. 
They lowered the sails and came around Manana Island, which stood between them and the harbor of Monhegan. With the sails lowered they were under power to make maneuvering easier. When the harbor came into view, it seemed empty and desolate. Just a couple lobster boats were moored out in the water and there was no visible movement on the shore.
“Why so few boats?” Vanya asked as they slowly made their way toward the dock.
“The virus struck in early May and there aren’t that many people out here at that time of year.”
“Maybe there won’t be many of those things out here,” she said
“We can only hope.”
Aran quickly switched on the marine radio and began scanning channels to see if he could hear anything. He wasn’t exactly sure that Vanya had actually heard her father, but what he was totally unsure of was whether she heard anything at all. Was the voice in her mind? Over the course of the last ten months, Aran had often felt like he heard voices talking to him; voices that came from somewhere in his mind, but many times reason sounded so real. He hoped that she was right, that her father was out here somewhere, stranded. He desperately hoped that he could bring him back to Damariscove where he’d be safe with his daughter. But for some reason he felt like it wasn’t going to work out the way he hoped. 
The shores of the small island were dead and quiet as they pulled the Bella Notte up to the wharf where the ferry boat would drop off and pick up it’s passengers. They were as silent as possible tying up to the end of the dock and making sure that she was as secure as possible. Aran dreaded the thought of the boat breaking off its tie ups and floating out into the sea. 
The wharf was a wide concrete slab with a single road that ran up to the island and branched off into other streets that snaked around the small village of Monhegan. Directly in front of them and up the road a bit was an inn. It was a fairly large hotel, constructed in the classical Maine styling with grey and white painted sideboards, quaint windowsills and all the trimmings. 
“Is that an Inn?” Vanya whispered, clearly nervous.
“I have no idea,” Aran said. He was starting to feel nervous. He didn’t like the idea of not having a plan. Every other supply run that he had made was well planned and thought out. Someone always had intimate knowledge of the location they were going to. But this time there was no plan and they both had no idea where to start looking.
“Let’s up there and see,” Aran said. 
They slowly and uneasily walked up the street toward the hotel, scanning every building and street corner for signs of the dead. The island was like a graveyard, silent and eerie. They rounded the corner and walked up the road, passing some small building and houses. As they got closer to the inn, they could see the sign out front clearly. It was the Island Inn, the exact place where Vanya had said that he father was.
“That’s it,” she said with anticipation. “That’s the place!”
Aran had to admit that it could be plausible now. She did get the name of the hotel right. Aran began to actually have hope that her father was in the hotel and that they could help him. 
Aran and Vanya walked up the steps toward the front door. Vanya tried to look in the windows, but there were huge pieces of plywood covering them, blocking out every pane on the ground floor.
“Why are the windows boarded?” she asked.
“Maybe because of the storm,” Aran whispered. “Maybe they haven’t take them down yet.”
But something wasn’t right. Something felt off. But before Aran could even process the thought, Vanya was opening the front door. Just as she did a voice rang out in the silence, startling them both.
“What the hell do you think your doing?” 
Aran turned around and saw a man running across the road toward them in a mad frenzy. 
“Don’t touch that door!! Whatever you do!”
Vanya let go of the handle as the man reached the inn in a huff. He was skinny, exhausted and malnourished. The skin on his body seemed to hang loose on him like he was wearing a droopy undershirt. His face was gaunt and his eyes were sunken in his head, leaving huge gaping chasms in his face that was covered in grime and dirt. It was impossible to tell if the man was forty or seventy because of the way he was dressed and his overall physical condition.
“Do you have any idea what’s in there?” he panted, grabbing hold of the railing.
Aran looked at Vanya and she glanced back at him. Neither of them knew exactly what to say.
“My father,” Vanya said confidently.
“Your father?” he blurted, shaking his head. “You don’t have any idea what’s inside that inn!”
“My father is trapped in there!” she shouted. 
“That inn is filled with hundreds of those walking nightmares. I trapped them in there and boarded up the place.”
“But my father’s in there!” she cried.
“You’re out of your mind. That inn has been filled nothing but dead bodies for three months now. If your dad was in there, he’s one of them.”
“But I know he’s alive in there now!”
“And how do you know that?”
“I heard him on the CB radio,” she said. “He said he was trapped in the Island Inn on Monhegan. I wouldn’t make that up.”
The man’s shoulders sunk and the angst in his manner eased. He put his hands in his face and rubbed them back and forth.
“That wasn’t your dad you heard,” he said. “It was one of them.” He pointed to the inn, his arms shaking.
“One of who?” Aran asked.
“Them. The dead.” 
Aran laughed. “They can’t use their voices or make radio calls.”
“When was the last time you saw them?” he asked.
Aran had to think for second. He suddenly realized it had been since the previous summer since he had any encounters with the dead. The last corpse he clearly saw where the ones chasing after Todd’s truck as he sped away from Capitol Island.
“August I guess.”
“Then you don’t know what happening with them!”
Aran just shook his head. The man sat down on the top step and took off his faded hat, tossing it on the step next to him.
“It in December,” he began. “After the first snows, I noticed that they were acting differently.”
“How can you see them?” Vanya asked.
“I have a section of the window out on the other side of the inn where I can look in and watch what they’re doing.” He cleared his throat. “Anyway, up until then, all they did was slowly wander around in their hibernating state, or whatever it’s called. But after it started to get really cold, some of them started to show signs of curiosity.”
“Like what?” Aran asked.
“Picking up things and looking at them.”
Aran felt a cold shiver running down his spine at the thought of those things starting to inquire and think.
“So the one afternoon I’m sitting in my house and I hear a crackling voice on the radio. I bolted in the kitchen and turned it up, trying to listen to who it could be. I was desperate to hear someone’s voice. I sat and listened for a while until I heard it again. It was an odd moaning sound, but it was calling for help. I tried to respond, but it stopped and I never found the source. Then weeks later the voice was back, but this time it was a bit clearer and I could actually make out the words “Help” and “Island” and” Inn”. I froze in panic. At first I thought what you thought. Someone was trapped in there. So I bolted down and looked through the window. What I saw made me wretch. I could see the Marine radio on the counter by the front desk, and a corpse with the microphone in its hand.”
Aran could barely keep himself standing. It was like some awful campfire story or Stephen King novel only it was real and the thought of it made Aran’s blood turn cold.
“But that’s impossible,” Vanya said, almost under her breath.
“If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I woulda said the same thing.”
Aran was still trying to fathom what the man was actually implying. These corpses that were once just mindless creatures hell bent on infecting the living could now think and reason? He just couldn’t wrap his mind around it.
“If they can use a radio, why can’t they get out?” Vanya asked, nervously looking up at the boarded up windows.
The man just shrugged. “No idea my dear. But I’m guessing they’ll figure that out soon enough.”
Aran paced around the porch, his mind racing with thoughts. If they were evolving, then it wouldn’t be long before they would be able to actively seek out the places where the uninfected were hiding. Survivors hide from a small group of them of them, but if millions upon millions of reanimated and functioning corpses were all trying to find them it would be impossible to hide. He felt like the walls of life were closing in on him quickly and trapping him. 
“How’d you all survive?” The man asked.
“We’re living on Damariscove,” Aran replied, not even caring about giving up his location anymore.
“It’s nice out there.”
“We have to burn this place down,” Aran blurted out. “Like right now.”
The man just looked up at him in disbelief. “Are you serious?” he said almost laughing. “Burn down the inn?”
“Look if those things are starting to think, they’ll get out soon enough and then what?”
“What if they’re turning back into themselves,” Vanya said. “What if the virus dies out over time and people become people again?”
“Once someone dies, they die,” the man said.
Aran stopped pacing and just looked at her. Could she be right? Whether she was right or wrong though, she was so rational and level headed. He was ready to burn the world down and she was trying to find the positive in it. In that moment he knew she was perfect. Maybe not a perfect person, but she was perfect to him. 
“How would we find out?” Aran asked. 
Vanya just shrugged her shoulders.
“Like this,” the man said suddenly on his feet. He walked over to the window and started pulling on the plywood that was fastened to the side of the inn. 
“What exactly are you planning to do?” Aran asked.
“If we rip of this board, they’ll see us. If they’re turning back into real people, we should be able to tell by their reaction to seeing us.”
“We need to give it more time,” Vanya said. “It could take months or years.”
“They’ll get out before then,” the man said. “It’s now or we go with his plan and burn the place down.”
Aran wasn’t so sure it was a good idea. He knew exactly what happened when the corpses caught sight of people who were uninfected. They screamed, beat and pushed on anything that stood in their way. 
With a crack, the man yanked off the plywood panel, exposing a large window with the glass still intact. 
Vanya slid over toward Aran and held his hand tight. He could feel her hands trembling as she squeezed with all of her might.
“We need to run!” Aran whispered. 
“What?” 
“Run. Now,” he said pulling on her hand. 
The two broke out in a flat run as the hideous sound of shattering glass rang out in the air. Aran heard the familiar screams mixed with a collection horrid voices. The dead were not only screaming, but shouting as well and the voices that echoed against the building were muted and gurgling. The virus was somehow mutating and giving them voices and intentions. They were no longer mindless slaves. They were thinking. They were becoming a much more formidable enemy.
They ran down the hill in a flat run toward the Bella Notte with the hoard of bodies shouting behind them getting louder. The distance to the boat was closing, but the corpses were gaining fast. Aran turned slightly and saw how close they were. They both couldn’t make it without the bodies catching them. From somewhere deep within him he could hear that voice again. The voice that he swore was Elle’s when he needed strength to kill Tuck so many months ago. The voice that comforted him when he thought all was lost. 
“You know what you have to do,” it said softly. “You know it’s the only way.”
Aran felt a calm flow through his body as he stopped dead in his tracks halfway down the concrete dock.
“Go!” he yelled to Vanya as she ran towards the boat. “Get out of here.”
Vanya stopped at the boat and whipped around.
“What are you doing?” she yelled. “Hurry up!”
But even Vanya could see that the corpses were too close. 
“Aran!” she cried
Aran just smiled. “I love you Vanya,” he shouted. “I will love you for eternity. It’s my turn to save you!” He turned and faced the horde of corpses tearing across the concrete. He let out a shout and ran full speed into the oncoming crowd with his arms raised above his head. 
Vanya watched with horror as the corpses engulfed Aran, veiling him from sight. She stifled a scream and leapt onto the boat. Before the first of the corpses realized it, the Bella Notte was out of harms way, silently gliding across the harbor, Vanya behind the wheel.
Final Moments
Aran was fading fast, the virus coursing through his weak and frail body. Vanya held him in her arms as the Bella Notte rocked back and forth in the rough seas along the coast of the island. She looked down into his eyes as he fought the infection that instantly entered his bloodstream the moment he was bitten. His eyes still shone brightly with the same fire that she first saw when he confessed his feelings up the ledge on that fateful afternoon. 
Vanya could feel her tears welling up inside as she looked into his tortured face that was so full of fear. He’d saved her. He’d given his very life to insure that she lived to see another day. It was a sacrifice he’d promised since he proclaimed his love for her. Until this moment, she hadn’t felt love in return, at least not the love he so desperately craved and professed over and over again for her. But until that very moment, she had not felt anything in return. 
“How did I get here?” he said coughing. 
“I went back for you,” she said softly, stroking his hair.
“But,” he stammered. “How?”
“Don’t worry about that,” she said tearing up.
Even though she held her feelings back, she knew from the moment they had met on the bluff that he was her savior; that he was brought to the world to protect her. She knew that somehow her life would go on because of him and it had been a comforting feeling. He had the look in is eyes, the look of complete devotion and love. How could she have not felt the same way? How could she have denied him the love he gave her so readily? 
She suddenly was unable control her tears, letting emotion drain from her like a faucet. She began to realize the power of Aran’s love for her and now that he lay dying in her arms, she understood how strongly he felt about her. She thought back to the day when he professed his love to her. The day he got down on one knee and told her everything that was in his heart. She knew from the second she saw him that he had feelings for her, but until he poured his heart out, she had no idea how much he was connected to her and how much he needed her. She was his everything and he would forever be tied to her existence and to her heart. 
She put her hand on his chest, feeling the rage of his heartbeat as the virus began to take hold, stealing the precious time that he had left. He slowly opened his eyes again and looked up at her face and even with the pain and fear he must be feeling, he looked into her eyes with a love so deep and true that it broke her heart.  
“I love you,” he said. “You are my everything, my purpose for being.”  
She stroked his forehead, tears streaming down her face. “You just rest now,” she replied. “Just rest.”  
Aran struggled to gasp for air, his breath becoming short and labored. “It was all for you,” he said. “All of it, everything I’ve done. It was all just a path to you. My whole life has merely been a road to finding you.” 
Aran smiled as he looked into Vanya’s sparkling eyes. Fighting the pain and the heat the virus caused, Aran lifted his head. 
“Just knowing that you will live on, that you will survive is all that I need to know,” he said, choking back his tears. “I’m sorry you didn’t feel the same for me, but it doesn’t matter. I love you. I love you now and for all eternity and I will die knowing that I helped you live.”
He always wondered if people could feel themselves changing or if there was nothing but pain. He knew the answer now. The virus was taking hold of him, clouding his mind and tearing at his insides like an invisible hand. The pain was immense, but against it all he could feel Vanya’s smooth touch and he knew everything would be okay.
 Vanya began to sob as she could feel the connection to him and she finally understood it. Aran would never leave her, now matter what happened. Even in his dying minutes, he was there, protecting her, loving her and making sure that she was okay. When he passed into the void, she knew that he would always be there for her somehow. She knew that he would never leave her.  
“What am I going to do without you?” she whispered as the light in Aran’s eyes began to slowly fade. 
Aran opened his eyes again, barely able to focus on Vanya, his pupils glazed white.  “You will live,” he said. “You will live on. You will survive and I will always be with you right here.” Aran lifted his hand and placed it over her heart and his head fell into her lap, the last of his strength fading. “Thank you,” he said. “For everything.”  
She couldn’t control her tears any longer and she felt the giant heaves of pain and sorrow wrack her body. If she had only known. If she had only realized what his love really meant, she could have prevented all of this. But it took Aran’s act of courage and sacrifice to reveal the truth to her and nothing less would have opened her eyes to the depth of his love and devotion. It was his destiny. It was meant to be. In order for her to understand his love, he had to perform the ultimate sacrifice by giving his own life for hers.
 With his last effort, Aran raised his head and slowly grasped her hand in his own. With his life fading, he struggled to look her in the eyes, trying to keep her face in focus. His grip on her hand was becoming weak and frail.  
“Please don’t forget me,” he rasped.  She could feel the last of his life fading from his fingers as he held her hands in his. She looked into his pale brown eyes.
 “I will never forget you’” she whispered. “How can I ever forget my true love?” 
With her words, a small smile crept over Aran’s face as the last bit of life left his body. Vanya felt the warmth leave him and the remainder of his strength disappear. His body fell limp in her arms and she knew then what she had to do. She knew that in order to prevent him from returning she had to end it for good. 
She reached across the deck and grabbed the pistol that lay on the seat. She pulled his limp body close to hers, holding him as tight as she could. 
“I will always love you,” she whispered into his ear.
She took one last look into his face, trying to hold the gun steady through the sobs that now took over her body. “I promise I will never forget you,” she said.  
She turned her head and squeezed the trigger. The blast rang out in the salt air, piercing the silence. With her arms shaking, Vanya lifted Aran up and brought him to the side of the boat. With all her strength, she slid him over the side and lowered him slowly into the murky water. 
“Goodbye my love,” she cried.
 She let go and watched silently and his body disappeared into the blackness of the sea. As his face vanished below the waves, she fell to her knees and wept. She wept for her father and her family. She wept for her lost life. But most of all she wept for Aran. His undying love had saved her and now his body lay at the bottom of the Atlantic where it would remain for all time. His love for her would endure for forever, filling her heart and her world with a gentle touch. It would live on inside of her as a part of who she was and no matter what lay in her future, she would always feel his presence surrounding her like a warm blanket. His love would forever protect her until the day she could join him in the beyond.



