



Synopsis


When Malin is drawn into the Spirit Walks by his magically gifted cousin, the course of his life is altered forever. From that moment, he abhors and avoids magic, even his own. But in his eighteenth year, Karis comes to live with him, and Karis is haunted by a dark mage. Even worse, more magic is the only way out, and she is female.



Excerpt


Malin looked over at Karis. Around him was a cloud of immense blackness. From it came a voice, speaking words in a tongue that made no sense. Yet Malin knew the words were terrible.
The voice left a weakness upon Malin, a lethargy. Its focus, however, was Karis, who lay unmoving, his eyes blank and staring. The cloud grew, becoming blacker, descending upon Karis.
Malin sat up and thrust his blanket aside. He had to do something. Karis was in real trouble. But what could he do? How do you drive away magical black clouds that want to absorb your cousin?
The cloud over Karis was now dense black. Even Malin, on its edges, could no longer see through it. It was cold, too, almost as cold as the shades in the Spirit Walk. But it was worse, somehow. The shades were willing to share. This entity was not.



“Compelling characters in an enticing tale. This series is definitely not to be missed.”
Melissa Hutchison

“A well developed, layered plot within an intricately detailed landscape that draws you into the narrative. Strong, believable characters with complex personalities (some of the best are not even human) with differing desires and motives, who interact in very natural ways. Imagery so vivid you could easily draw a picture or a map.”
Jay Don Coppersmith

“My sympathies were stirred by the plight of Myrrha among the Jandos and then the loss of her mother. She’s a strong character with exceptional and intriguing abilities.
To make things lively, there’s a satisfying number of baddies who are fortunately, kept in check by the good guys, an altogether satisfactory conclusion.
Compelling story, interesting characters, some lovely lyrical language - a winner.”
Gerri Finney

“Well developed characters and places. I could almost see the places and people.”
Judy Steiner

“I love the character Rilse (a wolf), the fact that Malin’s girlfriend is connected with the enemy, and that Karis has a twin.”
Kieran Cook

“I was led on high adventure along with the characters through artistically painted scenes of a well developed plot with twists and turns that left me guessing.
This novel has all the necessary elements: comedy, adventure, fabulous characters, magic, good versus evil, love and triumph! You won’t be disappointed.”
Celeste Rushforth

“A fast-paced adventure story with well-developed characters and plot. Loved the parts played by the animal characters. A page turner! Can’t wait for the sequel.”
David Sillito






JOLAYNE CALL




DARK MAGE
BY JOLAYNE CALL

Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 by Jolayne Call
Published by Moonlight Publications, LLC

No part of this work may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher.

Published by Moonlight Publications, Salt Lake City

Cover design by Novak Illustrations



To my mother who showed me the magic

and to my father who told me I could.



In a world of gathering darkness,

the call is out for Bearers of Light,

To Lift the Light,

To Love the Light,

To Be the Light.



Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
About the Author
Acknowledgments
Escape From Heath Halls
Chapter 1
Chapter 2



Chapter 1


The loud fist banging on the thick brass studded oak door would have awakened Malin, if the clumping of boots down the stone passageway of the watch tower had not already done the job. The fist banged again. The young man sprang for the door, the white wolf beside him.
“Young sor, young sor!” The voice was husky, almost hoarse. “It’s a message from your father, Lord Lindsey. Urgent, he says.”
Malin hurriedly pulled on his clothes, then opened the door. He recognized the man, thickset and dark-haired, one of his father’s retainers. “Garth. What’s going on?”
“He’s gone, sor. Just like he vanished.”
“Who?”
“A guest, sor, a man from the north of Westra. Said he knew the king, and your cousins.” The man caught a glimpse of Rilse in the background and instinctively stepped back a pace.
Malin caught Garth’s fear of Rilse. “It’s just Rilse.”
Just? Well then. The white wolf’s thoughts were snide and direct in Malin’s mind.
You know what I mean. “Vanished you say? From where?”
Garth continued, but his eyes were on Rilse in spite of himself.
“Roswood, sor. Your Aunt Aila’s. They was havin’ some doin’s there, in the house and out in the gardens. When they was finished, Sir Sedron had disappeared. No one saw him leave, his carriage was still awaitin’, but he were gone, sor.”
“When?”
“About ten o’clock, sor.”
Malin glanced at the clock to the left of the door; it was now well after the midnight hour and into the morning. “That long ago?”
“Yes, sor.” Garth ducked his head. “We looked and looked, but we found nought. So your father, I mean Lord Lindsey, was gettin’ more and more worrit. So he asked me to come. I came just a hustlin’ but this old watch tower is way out here. Shame the garrison couldn’t find someplace closer to watch the seas and train the young men. Anyways, they’re a wantin’ your help.”
“Alert the stable. I’m on my way.”
“Yes, sor.” The man was only too happy to have an errand that took him out of Rilse’s vicinity. “I will sir. I will.”
Rilse poked his head out the door and watched him go. He’s still mumbling.
Malin grinned at Rilse. Can’t be too careful these days. White wolves and all.
Wonder what he’d think of the gytrash.
Malin laughed as he pulled on his sweater, then the man’s news filled his mind. He swept his heavy riding coat around him, for the early spring cold was still on the land, and headed out the door, Rilse behind him. The thick oak door slammed shut behind them, as they clattered over the thick stone, and down the corridor in the opposite direction from Garth. A tall, agile young man, Malin’s long legs ate up distance quickly and quietly. Rilse was a white shape beside him.
It will take us at least two or three hours to get to Godsel and Sir Sedron has already been gone for at least three, maybe four. If he’s been kidnapped he’ll be long gone. Malin ruffled Rilse’s fur as they wound through the corridors towards the main door into the courtyard. It is unfortunate we’re so far away. The trail will be cold by the time we get to it, and they, whoever ‘they’ are, will have a sizeable head start.
But they’ll leave a clear trail for us.
That they will, Rilse, that they will.
They exited the barracks lining the outer wall, their roofs the floor for the sentries on watch. Malin’s boots became muffled by the moss on the cobblestone courtyard and they went almost silently to the grey tower, where they clattered up the outer stairs to the second balcony. The sea wind was brisk in their faces, the smell of sea weed and salt heavy in the air, for rough seas brought the splatter of waves to the tower’s outer walls, staining them white, especially in the winter tides.
Below them the sea dashed determinedly against the rocks lit dimly by a cold moon of early spring. The bare cliffs above had only one lightning struck tree, black against the sky. When they lifted their heads to look north, however, they could see the lights of Godsel shining faintly beyond in the distance.
The watch tower was situated on a promontory that provided an excellent view of both sea and town, as well as the north watch point. In addition, the two towers had signal connection. A perfect watch point for the town, Malin mused. Just not close enough for emergencies.
They entered the tower itself, crossing to a room on the second floor. Is Reben expecting us?
Yes.
Malin raised a fist to rap on the door. Reben had been his mentor out at Blakely, his grandfather’s estate which had become his at his grandfather’s death.
But when war was declared in the north and the town had decided to conscript the young men for training when they reached the age of sixteen, Reben had been selected to oversee that training and Malin had come with him, though he was a year too young. Those trained could be called up to assist the regular guardsmen if needed to protect the southern area of Westra.
The door opened inward, right as Malin leaned forward to knock.
“Hear now. What’s going on here?” Reben shot the words out in a rush. Even though he half expected such an act, Malin was still startled enough to step back. Reben’s dark beard plus his extra height and his stern voice gave him an air of authority. But Reben’s grin belied his rough words.
“My father has sent for me.”
“Has he indeed.”
“He has.
“I know.” Reben’s bluster disappeared. “The guards came by. Will you be long in Godsel?”
“Don’t know, yet. I’ll send word.”
“Best stop by the kitchen. They’ll have a packet ready for you. In the meantime, we’ll try to do without you.”
Malin grinned back. “Yes, do try.”
Reben clapped Malin on the shoulder and the young man was on his way.
The maid in the kitchen took one look at Malin and handed him a satchel of food. This was not his first errand. It was not even a first for the middle of the night. But it was the first time Malin and Rilse had been asked to help with disappearances in town. They were just too far away.
Malin himself had come immediately to the old watchtower with Reben, though he was only fifteen. He had spent the last two years there, in what the townspeople had nicknamed the castle.
Working with the garrison and especially with Reben, Malin had become a skilled tracker in his own right. With the help of Rilse, his wolf companion, he had become very good. The skills of both plus their ability to communicate made them an unbeatable pair.
At the stables, they found Lanier, Malin’s horse, ready and waiting, held by a groom just outside the stable door. Garth was with them.
“I’ll come in t’mornin, as Lord Lindsey said.”
Malin nodded in agreement. “Fine, Garth. Thanks for the message.” Garth’s poor horse was probably winded, and the garrison boasted few extras.
The moon was full, and in its light the road was easily discernible. At least we can see, Malin thought to Rilse, as he settled in for the long ride.
Some of us can see with or without moonlight, Rilse retorted, falling into a steady lope beside him, their destination Roswood, Aunt Aila’s estate.
Aunt Aila’s, Malin mused, where his sister Deirdre had lived since his mother’s death. The lines around Malin’s mouth tightened a little. To have a guest disappear from her premises would not please Aunt Aila. And an unhappy Aunt Aila meant trouble.
They moved swiftly, quietly through the countryside, winding their way downhill to where the town nestled around a sheltered bay. Miles and hours passed and then they were there.
The deep dark of very early morning surrounded Roswood, but there was light spilling out of open doorways and through windows whose drapes had not been drawn for the night. Several guests still milled about, mixed with servants and Lord Lindsey’s guardsmen. The usual rhythm of Roswood had obviously been disrupted.
A servant stepped forward to take Malin’s horse. “Lord Lindsey’s in the back garden, sir,” he volunteered, “still searching the grounds.”
Malin nodded his thanks and, accompanied by Rilse, circled the house to the back gardens.
Avoiding Aunt Aila?
Certainly not, Rilse. Just getting right down to the task.
Indeed.
Malin ignored Rilse and headed towards the voices.
“If he were kidnapped at Roswood, it would likely be in this part of the gardens. It’s the only area secluded enough for such a thing to happen,” Lord Lindsey, still in evening dress, was explaining to Malin’s Uncle Seth and to Aunt Aila, who was seated on a white wrought iron bench. Malin’s sister, Deirdre, was seated beside her, patting her arm. Behind Aunt Aila, the torch fizzled and spat; it had been burning for several hours. The shadows created by the light outlined Lord Lindsey’s features, making him seem more angular than usual.
Aunt Aila’s gaze passed absently over Rilse and then returned in a hurry. She struggled to her feet. “A wolf! What is a wolf doing in my gardens? Get that animal off my estate this instant! Kidnappers who make off with my guests! Savage wolves who trample my grounds and leave steaming piles for the gardeners. What’s the world coming to?”
Rilse turned to face her and the situation suddenly became worse. She sat abruptly, deflated, her knees giving way. Her eyes were caught by the white wolf that had grown to a huge black shape in the shadows, a shape with dripping fangs, with red eyes. “A gytrash,” she gasped. “A gytrash. That’s the last straw, she muttered angrily.”
Rilse, Malin’s low warning voice was edged with laughter. Behave. And as Aunt Aila closed her eyes, the black shape shrunk and lightened. By the time she looked up again, and the others had seen the wolf, he was just a white wolf once more.
Uncle Seth patted her hand. “It’s a tame, real wolf, my dear. Not something out of a nightmare,” he reassured her.
“Malin’s brought his white wolf, to help us track the kidnappers.” Lord Lindsey spoke up, as he strode over to Malin, clapped him on the shoulder, and pulled him into the torchlight.
“Malin? My brother is here?” Deirdre raised her head, shook back her red curls and looked around, seeing only the servant and the wolf. “Where?”
Here it comes, Rilse.
Aunt Aila turned her gaze from Rilse to the young man beside him. Her mouth drew into a severe line, the nostrils of her nose pinched tightly together, both eyebrows lifted almost to the hairline. “That’s Malin?”
Her dark brown hair was a tight knot upon her head and her brown eyes were fairly snapping above her full figure as she looked Malin up and down, from the scuffed boots and worn pants to the rough casual shirt andsweater, the unmatching open riding coat. She was horrified, but at last here was something she understood. Kidnapping was outside her realm of understanding. But improper dress was a known.
“That scruffy lout is my nephew? I knew no good would come of his living in the country with his grandfather. I told you so. But that was nothing compared to this – living with rough, uncouth soldiers, tracking, trailing and roaming the wilderness with wolves.” Her acid tone could have etched metal.
Lord Lindsey intervened. “I sent for him, my dear. He didn’t have time to dress for the occasion. He’s the best tracker I have and I need him now, scruffy or otherwise.”
“Well.” Aunt Aila leaned heavily back on her bench, while Malin stood red-faced in spite of his best efforts, grateful the torches and lamps nearby were dim. “My guest is kidnapped, and my nephew is an uncouth ruffian who hangs out with a wolf. Your poor mother. Thank goodness she has passed over because if she hadn’t such events would have been the death of her. And you’re her only son. Come, Deirdre. At least you will be a young lady your mother would approve of.”
The two women arose and headed towards the house. Deirdre paused a moment as they passed Malin. “Good evening, brother.” She lifted her chin to resemble the angle of Aunt Aila’s, then swept past behind her.
Malin sighed with relief, but his heart was sore. Was Aunt Aila right? Would his mother be ashamed of him?
Mothers always love their own.
Then, before they moved completely out of the torchlight, Aunt Aila turned back to Lord Lindsey. “For his dear, dead mother’s sake, and for the sake of Godsel which he will rule one day, we must have him at Roswood. His upbringing must include manners and appropriate dress. He’s seventeen now, not just a child. He has to learn some couth before he’s any older. Time is not on his side.”
Malin watched her and Deirdre until the darkness swallowed them.
You could learn from her. Just bite back.
Not allowed in humans, Rilse. Malin felt dread creep over him at the thought of living with Aunt Aila.
“Malin, come take a look at this,” Lord Lindsey said, his arm comfortingly around Malin’s shoulder as he drew him down the path a few paces before he stopped. “We don’t know exactly where Sir Sedron was kidnapped; this area is our best guess.” He handed Malin a scarf. “They think this belonged to Sir Sedron. It was left, along with his coat, in the manor.”
Rilse gave the scarf a long sniff, then he and Malin examined the area Lord Lindsey had indicated. A few minutes later, Malin and Rilse found a trampled section of lawn.
The man with the scarf was here, Rilse commented.
The tracks are all spoiled. Too many guardsmen searching the area. But it looks like four others were here with Sir Sedron initially. How long ago?
Several hours. Rilse paused and wrinkled his nose. They smell like southerners. They have not washed recently.
Malin stood up and gazed over the grounds of Roswood towards the wilderness area leading into the southlands.
His father joined him. “What have youlearned?”
“The trail begins here. Several people, Sir Sedron among them, headed south from here, through the back gardens and into the interior wilderness.”
“How many of them were there?”
“We think four men, plus Sir Sedron.”
“Malin, where did they come from?”
“The southlands, I believe.”
“Why would men from the southlands kidnap our citizens? We’re not at war with them; how could they benefit?” Lord Lindsey whistled through his teeth. When that happened, Malin knew he was worried.
“I’ll take Rilse and Lanier and we’ll go after them.” Malin reached out for his horse, projecting the image of riding.
“As soon as it gets light, I’ll send a party after you,” Lord Lindsey assured him. “Be careful.” A few minutes later Malin on Lanier, with Rilse in the lead, was on his way south, following the kidnappers through the woods. Without Rilse’s nose they would have had to wait until daylight.
The moonlight, filtered now by clouds, provided little light and Lanier had to move slowly and carefully until they reached one of the main trails. Furthermore, the tracks were hours old,. But Rilse’s nose was keen and they made progress.
The horse had long ago become accustomed to the wolf that ran by Malin’s side, a normally white wolf that now shifted to a mottled brown to blend into the surroundings.
They reached the interior system of trails, and took the one that ran parallel to the seacoast, threading through Godsel’s wilderness directly south. An hour, then two, passed.
How far away are we, Rilse?
Closer. Rilse was noncommital.
Wonder if they stopped on the way or if they continued through the night.
If they stopped, we should find them soon.
They continued on for some time, with still no sign of those they followed.
The small forest animals are still. There’s no movement, no sound. I catch images of men in their minds, but I can’t reach the minds of the rider’s horses. They are still too far away. How close are we to the sea, Rilse?
Not far.
I feel time running out. Malin paused, thinking. Remember the small bay not too far from here? Can you find us a shortcut?
We’ll have to leave the trail, and your horse will not do well.
I know. That will slow us down initially, but we’ll gain in the long run. Take off straight through the woods, then pick up their tracks again as soon as you can, Rilse.
Stay low. There are branches.
Right. Malin lay low on Lanier’s back, avoiding the branches above them as they left the trail. Since it was early spring, the undergrowth was passable, but the trees blocked the moonlight, what little there was. In the half-light shapes seemed to shift and move and without Rilse’s nose they would have been lost.
Malin wondered who Sir Sedron was. Did he really know his cousins, King Arnon’s sons? Was he a close acquaintance of Aunt Aila’s?
They rode steadily for some time. Suddenly Malin pulled up and stopped behind the trunk of a great tree. Men are close, Rilse. The night birds and small creatures minds are filled with panic about men.
I smell them, the men. Rilse curled up his nose and mouth in disgust. They should wash. Some of them wait for us on the trail we left, just around the next bend. They won’t expect us from this direction.
A small party to delay us? Or is this the main party waiting for dawn?
The latter, I think. Rilse howled, and sprang off the trail.
There was a furor among the men, as they tried to reorient themselves to a shifting enemy, for Rilse was here, there, and everywhere. There were cries, a crackling of branches underfoot, then the whirring of arrows. Seconds later Rilse was howling somewhere else, followed by another volley of arrows. He was no longer a white wolf, but the huge black wolf with slavering jaws and red eyes, a living shadow of destruction, a gytrash. There were quick cries from the men who had seen him, frantic movements, erratic arrows and even a few knives thrown in the melee that followed.
Good thing they have no guns, thought Rilse.
The southerners have not advanced quite that far as yet. Malin was off his horse, crouching beside him. Stay, he thought at Lanier. Then he sent images to the minds of all the nearby small creatures, doubling their levels of panic, of fear. The creatures, in response to Malin’s thoughts, scurried in all directions, chittering in a wave of terror, catching up the men with their movement.
In blind panic, the men in hiding loosed more arrows, then rushed from their hiding places and tore through the underbrush. They ran for their horses with the woods wild behind them and a gytrash on their heels.
We do good work. They flee from us. Or maybe these men are not so brave.
You’re pretty scary, Rilse.
They have Sir Sedron.
Good. We may just be in time, I hope.
Then Malin stopped, his mind with Lanier. His horse was in trouble. There was a knife, and blood; Lanier was wounded. A stray knife had pierced his upper leg. Malin raced back to his horse. He touched Lanier’s mind, calming him, sensing the depth of the wound.
Rilse caught his thoughts. Can you ride him?
No. The wound’s not dangerous, but he can’t be ridden. One stray knife. The riders had delayed them, and they were already out of time. Again Malin sent calming images to Lanier, while he removed the knife. Then he took Sir Sedron’s scarf and bound it around the upper leg, staunching the flow of blood. He was sure Sir Sedon would have been happy to contribute it to the cause.
The men have all left.
Is Sir Sedron with them?
Rilse sniffed. Yes.
We’ll have to leave Lanier here. I’ll come on foot.
Rilse took off, running along the thinning trees, the last trees of the forest circling the base of the broad hill. Then he clambered up and over the scattered rocks that lined the steep way to the top. Behind him, Malin did his best to keep up, wishing he too, had four feet instead of two.
Past the rocks, the wolf gave a last spurt of speed, cresting the hill where the trees died out and fell away. Below was a small bay stretching out to the sea. Malin grasped a large rock and pulled himself to the top. On the trail that wound around the hill they caught glimpses of the kidnapping party through the trees, for the first faint light of dawn was streaking the sky.
The bay was directly below them. If they could cut off the party on the last switchback, they had a chance. Sir Sedron had a chance.
That’s our spot there, Rilse. Directly behind that large rock. We can wait behind it and spring out in front of them.
Did you bring the rifle?
His question caught Malin up short. He had left the rifle on Lanier. They had just received a shipment at the castle and had barely started to use them. It was really their only hope to stop the men, and he had left it behind. No.
Then they will shoot us full of arrows.
Perhaps not, if I give them enough trouble with their horses. Let’s go.
Fortune favored them and they reached the rock they were aiming for ahead of the men, though Malin felt like he had slid and rolled most of the way.
Behind it, Rilse started his wolf calls and Malin reached out for the horses’ minds, enhancing the loudness and frequency of those calls. The men had used their spurs and their reins to lash the poor beasts, and Malin was hard put to reach them at all. Confusion erupted as the men thundered up. Malin sprang onto the trail, his hand reaching for the reins of the foremost horse, Rilse snarling a few feet away.
Another howl, and the foremost two horses were rearing, those behind colliding into them. In the middle of the group was a horse with two riders. Sir Sedron, Malin thought. Instantly he mind reached for that horse, focusing all his energy to calm and direct it to him, leaving the rest to be driven away by Rilse’s growls.
So in spite of the rider’s best efforts, even in spite of the wolf howls before him, the horse came to Malin. But the rider was terrified. He shoved Sir Sedron off behind him, dropping him under Rilse’s nose, trying desperately to force his horse off the trail with the others.
I could take this man back, Malin thought, grabbing for the reins again.
Meanwhile, Sir Sedron was trying to get to his feet as well as avoid the flying hooves of the horses around him. Malin glimpsed him falling again, knocked backwards by one of the horses.
No more howls, Rilse. I think that’s Sir Sedron. He’s about to be trampled.
Rilse vanished and his sounds with him. Those on horseback pushed off the trail and around them. Malin could see them racing for the boat, where sailors on board were making ready to sail.
We can’t reach them in time. They will sail without us.
Do we care?
Malin laughed. Maybe, maybe not.
In the end, in spite of all they could do, the last few men reached the ship and in minutes it was leaving the bay, with both men and horses. The first few rays of the sun lifted just over the horizon, putting a gold sheen on the sails as the ship rounded the edge of the bay and disappeared from view. The southlanders had left, and with them Godsel’s chance to find out what the kidnappings were all about,
Malin looked down at the man that had to be Sir Sedron. His dress gave him away. But he was definitely the worse for wear. He was not well pleased and a great bruise was forming on his forehead.
“Is this any way to treat a guest? I’ve been kidnapped, thrown on a horse, pushed off one, kicked in the head by one, and all because I came to a party in Godsel. If I never see the place again, it will be too soon. ”
He sat up, straightened his jacket, pulled down his cuffs, and tried to stand. Malin reached down a hand. He took it and pulled himself erect. “I sure hope you’ve brought a carriage.”
Malin was astounded. “A carriage on the trail? It would be battered to pieces in no time.”
“I was afraid it was too much to expect. Well, take me to my horse. I’m worn clear through to the bone.”
“I’m afraid there is no horse.”
The man stopped dead in his tracks. “No horse? Then how will you get me home?”
“We walk, I’m afraid. At least until we meet up with the rescue party.”
“After all I’ve been through and you want me to walk?” The man could say no more. He snapped his mouth shut and stumbled after Malin through the undergrowth, back to the trail, and north to Godsel.
He is not glad?
He has been very afraid. That’s how he hides it.
True to his word, Sir Sedron remained silent. He said not a word as they met with the guardsmen, not even a thank you as they placed him on a horse, not even when they finally delivered him to Aunt Aila.
Aunt Aila said enough for both of them, Malin decided, his ears burning.
By mid afternoon, Malin and Rilse sat across from his father in Oldsbury Hall, Malin still recovering from the dizziness of the disappearing stairs they had to use to reach his father’s study. He didn’t mind the trigger rock that moved in the small outside turret, but the spiral stairs that led to the top appeared only as needed for the next step and disappeared as soon as they were used. Magic. It always gives me vertigo, Rilse.
“We were almost too late,” he reported to Lord Lindsey. “Lanier took a knife in the shoulder, and I had to go the last part of the way on foot.”
“Will Lanier be all right?”
“Yes, but I couldn’t ride him.”
“Sir Sedron’s all right?”
“Some bruises and a loss of dignity, but he’ll recover. We tried to bring back one of the men, but we ran out of time.”
Sweeping the hair back from his forehead, his father leaned forward. “Malin, if you had been in town, we would not have come so close to losing Sir Sedron. And we might have a southlander to interrogate.”
Lord Lindsey rubbed his forehead and rose to his feet, crossing to the windows to gaze at the gardens below. Then he turned and looked steadily at Malin. “My son, I need you here in town.”
Malin felt his heart sink. Town. The last time he had lived in town, his mother had died and he had come close.
Last time you were ill with influenza, Rilse reminded him.
Malin looked searchingly at Rilse. You were not with me then. How did you know?
It’s there, in your mind pictures. You were ill, both you and your mother.
In town, and house-locked. My mother was too ill and I was too young to get us outside where the earth could heal us. By the time my grandfather came to our rescue it was too late for my mother and almost too late for me. Malin closed off his thoughts. Then he smiled. I loved my grandfather, and his place, Blakely.
I know. How long were you there, before I came?
Eight years, I guess. Then one more year with you and Reben, before we joined the garrison.
And now your father wants you back in town.
Yes. Malin laughed ruefully, suddenly realizing every muscle was tense. “Town,” Malin repeated aloud.
Rilse nudged him. You were alone then. I was not with you.
Malin looked down at his wolf companion. And will you come with me to town?
To town? Really? A wolf in town?
To town, Malin repeated firmly.
Yes, I will come.
In spite of himself, Malin was surprised, and relieved. They were both silent for a long moment. Then Malin’s eyes glinted and a grin touched his mouth. Even to Aunt Aila’s?
Rilse did not respond.
Malin persisted. What if we have to go there?
Your father is wiser than that. You cannot help him if you live with her.
And if he isn’t?
Rilse opened his jaws and shook his head. And grinned a wolfish grin. I will come with you, even to Aunt Aila’s.
Malin laughed. Rilse howled. Lord Lindsey turned and looked at both of them in astonishment.
“We will come to town,” Malin announced, when he could talk. “Both of us.”
“Well, then. It is decided,” his father sighed and leaned back in his chair. “You’ve finished any training Reben and the garrison can give you right now, and I need you.” The he leaned forward. “At least I can save you from Aunt Aila. You will live with Basil at Tegyn.”
Told you.
The grin was as snide as the voice in his head, Malin decided.
His father continued, “Lanier can stay here and you won’t be too far away.”
“Tegyn has no stables?”
“No, I’m sorry. But we’re only a mile away, not ten. Shall we say three weeks then? Will that give you sufficient time to wind things down at the garrison and retrieve your things from Blakely?”
“Yes. I will need time to check with Silas at the estate, and make sure all is well there. But three weeks ought to do it.”
“Three weeks it is then.”
Three weeks, Malin thought at Rilse, descending the disappearing stairs without really noticing. How much countryside can we travel in just three weeks? It will have to do us for a long time.
Will it be long enough?
I hope so, Rilse. I sincerely hope so.



Chapter 2


Three weeks later a carriage clattered up the driveway to Tegyn House, where Lord Lindsey had arranged for Malin to stay. “You’ll be close by and Basil will teach you what you need to know,” his father had said.
No more freedom, Rilse, Malin thought at the white wolf who joined him as he left the carriage. Malin would have preferred to have arrived on his horse, Lanier, but as his father had warned him, Tegyn had no stables. Besides, Malin had brought his trunks. One held all his belongings from the garrison at the watch tower, the other held a few of his treasures from Blakely. He sighed.
The carriage horses shied at the wolf’s presence, their hooves ringing on the cobblestones beneath them. Be still, Malin thought at them, and they were, but their ears flattened and their eyes rolled back to watch.
We’ll be stuck, Rilse, trapped in High Society. We’ll be sitting, chatting, in parlors and drawing rooms instead of following trails and trailing enemies out of doors.
We will? Rilse was skeptical.
We will. Malin shook his head to clear it, to shake off past shadows. His father had said he needed him here in town and he would try. Rilse’s cold nose brushed his hand. Malin fell back into his half serious, half mocking stance, his wont when he felt vulnerable.
No more merriment and glee, Rilse. No more. Seventeen years old and my life is over.
Malin looked back past the carriage he had just left. Beyond it, through a curtain of leaves, sunlight burnished the blue waters of Godsel Bay. Ships dotted the bay, for Godsel was a trading center. Malin felt the wind sweep across the water and rise to the hillside where he stood, saw the sails of the ships belling out white above the blue sparkling waters, but his mind was elsewhere. In spite of his joking with Rilse, he was apprehensive of the changes in his life.
The garrison servant from the old castle lifted Malin’s trunks off the carriage, one small, one medium sized. Malin picked up the largest, his arms and face browned by the sun, his jaw tense. Deliberately he turned his back on the view of Godsel and headed for the small manor set back from the main road on its own curved lane, edged with madrona trees. Their distinctive red bark was visible, for it was now May. Above the door was a placard announcing the manor’s name as Tegyn House.
“Where you used to live,” his father had reminded Malin. “Before we moved to Oldsbury Hall, it was home.”
Malin set down the trunk he carried in front of the door. The garrison servant, Will, followed suit, placing the second trunk beside the first. “Will there be anythin’ else, young sir?” he asked.
Malin roused himself from his contemplation of the door and turned to face the servant. “No, Will. Say farewell to the garrison for me.”
“Yes, sir. You can count on me, sir.” Will bobbed his head and climbed back on the carriage. Malin watched it lumber down the lane onto the road and turn right. He watched for long moments until the carriage was no longer in sight.
The afternoon sun drenched him where he stood, his left hand rubbing at the prickles of heat forming on the back of his neck. He sighed. Well, here we are Rilse. My father’s needs plus Aunt Aila’s attitudes have pushed us into civilization.
She pushed?
Well, she worried my father and I like hounds do a fox.
You let her?
We couldn’t just bite her, you know. We’re not wolves.
Pity. It could be interesting.
Biting Aunt Aila?
No. Moving to town.
Maybe, Rilse, maybe. Malin thought for a moment. Gathering information about disappearing citizens is intriguing, Rilse. But it’s not the wilderness.
Maybe, maybe not, Rilse said cryptically.
Malin looked back at Rilse. How am I going to manage town with a wild wolf by my side, Rilse?
The real question is, how will I survive the company of an uncouth ruffian?
Malin laughed. He could survive a lot if Rilse were around.They grinned at each other. Then a thought caught and held in Malin’s mind. He realized that he had never told anyone that he could speak mind to mind with Rilse. In fact he had never even hinted that he could also reach the mind of any animal within a certain physical radius of where he stood. Malin was uncomfortable with his abilities. It was too close to magic, an art he detested. Besides, since they were now in town, his abilities seemed an obstacle rather than the asset they had been in the woods.
If we could just figure out how to handle the assignment, Rilse. Malin turned and waved at the town spread out below them. It’s full of people. In the wilderness, if we found people, they were southerners and suspect, and we tracked them until we knew their intentions. Here, they’re Godsel citizens and they’re everywhere. How will we know who’s who?
Rilse laughed at him, shoving the backs of Malin’s legs with his head until Malin almost stumbled forward. We’ll know.
Malin persisted. Take that carriage that just pulled off the road below us, to the right. He pointed to a spot well below them, a mile away. It’s almost hidden now. That could mean something. But we’re in town. Most likely it’s only someone working there who wants to be in the shade.
Rilse stood sniffing the air. Maybe, maybe not. Those men are hunting.
Malin looked closer. They do have weapons, he conceded. He could see something metallic catch the light as a man left the carriage, closed its door and vanished into the woods. But here men are allowed to hunt in their own woods anytime they want.
They’re quieting the horses, Rilse objected. And moving deeper into the woods.
Maybe they’re trying not to scare the game they’re planning to hunt.
They smell strange.
All men in towns smell strange, Malin said flatly, brushing Rilse’s objections aside. So do southerners. Then he stopped a moment and stared. That’s funny. There’s no insignia on the carriage door. Oh, well. Probably just some servants on manor errands too lowly for a carriage with an insignia.
Malin looked once more at the solid oak door before him, grasped the brass knocker with the grinning face and rapped the door firmly with it. He thought longingly of the miles and miles of wilderness, the forests with rushing streams, the hot deserts with little more than sand dunes. Now he had to leave all that and learn the ways of polite society.
And discover who is abducting people and why, Rilse pointed out.
There is that. In any event, the stone manor before Malin was now home, for good or for ill.He stared at the dark brown trim and shutters, at the earth tones of the stone walls, wondering who and what lay behind them. He ducked his head, narrowly missing one of the gas lanterns mounted to each side of the door, and applied himself once more to the knocker, banging the strange carved head slowly against the thick oak of the door, pleased with the hollow, solemn sound it made.
He stopped in mid-knock as the door opened and a short, round man with receding dark hair appeared. The almost bald pate before him shone as if it had been polished. The perfect butler, thought Malin, even to the hair, or lack of. “I’m here for Basil,” he explained.
“I’m Basil.” Shrewd, button-bright brown eyes met Malin’s blue ones. The voice was deep and strong, unusually strong, thought Malin, the tones were round like the man’s face and form, like even the finger tips that met together under his chin as he stood and contemplated Malin.
Basil the round, Malin thought to Rilse, understanding that life with Basil would be a lot more sedentary than he and Rilse were used to. His left eyebrow lifted as it did when he was thinking.
Round indeed. He could not run far.
Malin half smiled at the picture. Indeed. Yet Basil had answered his own door, Malin mused. He couldn’t be all bad. Behind Basil, Malin glimpsed a wide hallway with stairs curving upward to the right and a large room branching off the hallway to the left.
Rilse pushed into view. Basil’s eyes widened.
“You have a wolf, a wild wolf, as a pet and companion?”
No. I have him. Rilse yawned, his jaws opening wide. Then he turned abruptly and loped back down the driveway. I’m going to watch the men with the carriage.
Rilse? Malin was taken aback. Without me?
Basil will take care of you. I’ll keep watch.
Torn, Malin watched Rilse lope out of sight. Was Rilse right? Were the men in the carriage up to something? And how could Rilse, a creature of the wild, know that? And how could Rilse desert him at this moment?
“Will he be staying here with you?”
Malin cleared his throat unhappily and nodded. “Yes.”
Then Basil took charge. Malin had no need to wonder what to say. He followed Basil past a library, a study, and a myriad of rooms, including Basil’s. After a quick tour, Malin had a jumbled impression of pleasant rooms, some spacious, some cozy, with oak wainscoting, trim, and furniture. He remembered large rugs on polished hardwood with matching drapes, plus several pictures and a few strategically placed vases and statues.
“We will use the study and the library for our classes. Those rooms,” Basil waved airily behind Malin, “will be for entertaining company.” Malin grimaced to himself, just what he always wanted, ‘company.’
At the end of the wide hallway was a large parlor that opened into the back gardens. The kitchen was off to the right, as was the family dining room. “Mostly, we’ll eat in the kitchen,” Basil’s carefully rounded tones continued, “because we won’t have servants who live here.”
“No servants?” Malin’s left eyebrow tilted upward again, and he found himself listening more intently.
Basil caught his facial expression. “Just a cook who’ll come in to prepare the evening meal and her daughter who’ll come once a week to clean the house.”
“No live-in servants?” Malin was liking the prospect. That meant he would have more freedom to come and go without anyone to observe his actions. Basil himself would have to be the soul of discretion or his father would not have asked him to be Malin’s tutor.
“Just me,” Basil replied. “My rooms are in the wing to the right, yours are here to the left. Upstairs are more bedrooms, baths, a study and sitting rooms.”
Basil returned to the entrance and picked up the smallest of Malin’s chests. Struggling, he led the way back to the right wing, Malin carrying the other. Basil stopped before Malin’s door, pushed it open, and deposited the trunk. Malin dropped the trunk he carried, his eyes caught by the large double doors that overlooked the grounds in the back of the house, with windows to either side. He and Rilse would have easy access to the outside. He walked swiftly to the windows and opened them; the fresh smell of earth, of grass and trees calmed his mind.
From the windows, Malin could see the woods that extended for miles before they touched the edge of the south wilderness. He smiled. Woods were good, even if they were not the wilderness itself. Perhaps he and Rilse could live in town.
Then he looked around the room. His eyes found the carved, walnut bed, then slid to the two large wardrobes placed to either side of the windows, flush against the wall. Malin’s gaze moved quickly over the rest of the room. Bedspreads, drapes, stuffed chairs, carpet.
Not much like his bare stone room in the castle that housed the garrison. That room had barely enough space for a narrow bed, with his trunks stuffed beneath the window slit in the two foot thick wall of the inner courtyard. The walls had been cold, the stone floor uncovered, and everything had been gray, even the rough blanket on the bed.
“Your bathroom’s here.” Basil led the way through a connecting door to a small room with an outside window.
Malin stared in delight. Bathing facilities at the castle had been nonexistent. Occasionally, Malin could commandeer the use of an old iron tub that Will would bring to a small room near his, along with enough hot water to do the job. Then it would be emptied into the courtyard underneath the window, along with a shout of, “Look out below!”
Before him now was a gleaming white tub resting on the clawed feet of a lion. Silver taps let water in, the pull of a plug would let water out, down the pipes outside the walls and into the grounds somewhere. He had forgotten town held such pleasant things as a hot bath after a long wilderness ride.
Then he caught himself. Town also held Aunt Aila. Malin sighed.
He unpacked his few things and joined Basil in the kitchen for food. The meal Basil put together was simple, but tasty: soup, sandwich and a sweet pastry, prepared by Basil himself.
They cleared things away, and headed for the study where several small desks surrounded the perimeter of the room with a large table and chairs in the center. A portrait on the wall frowned down at him.
Basil noticed his gaze. “That’s your great uncle, Zache. He lived here at Tegyn.”
“Didn’t he take a journey into the southlands?”
“Yes, that’s the one. It’s said he also worked on Oldsbury Hall.”
Malin studied the picture. The blue eyes fit his image of his family. But the man’s hair was darker and the features sharper. He suspected the man was shorter than he and his father, and much slighter of build, though it was impossible to tell from the head and shoulders in the picture.
Was Uncle Zache responsible for the disappearing staircase at Oldsbury Hall, where his father lived? Had he been a magician? A mage? Malin shook himself. Magic. What good was it?
“The cases to the right there hold most of Godsel’s collection of ancient scrolls,” Basil informed him.
Malin was surprised. “Why are they here, instead of at Oldsbury Hall or the Academy?”
“I am their keeper.” Basil simply stated a fact. There was no undue emphasis to the words, no attempt to establish authority. Malin looked closely at Basil. What else was hidden under that round, friendly exterior? Lord Lindsey was a good judge of men, and if Basil kept the ancient scrolls, he was more than just a simple tutor. Disguises all around, he thought. Who else was Basil?
And where was Rilse? Malin reached out for him, but he was not in range. That meant he was not within a couple of miles radius. He would not return soon.
Basil led the way through the study, into the hall to another doorway. “This door opens to the library, as does the next door down the hall.” As Basil spoke, Malin caught a glimpse of wall to wall, floor to ceiling book cases, filled with books of all sizes and colors. The two stained glass windows on the front of the house were tall and narrow, enough to let in light yet not take up too much space.
Between them a table piled with books jutted into the room, opposite a fireplace.
Malin walked to the table and picked up a book, glumly noting the title: Royal Traditions of Westra. He looked at another: A Guide for Negotiating Social Situations. Still another declaimed, Clothes for the Social Leader. Malin felt his neck muscles tense in premonition of how he would spend his days, and hastily dropped the books.
“Once we get the trivial matters out of the way, we can get into more important ones. But clothes and manners and ways of doing things are like, oh, reading the weather or following a trail in the wilderness.” Basil’s tone was too casual, too careless and Malin’s ears tingled. “Rules are tools.” Malin wondered how much his father had told Basil about his activities in the southern wilderness, but said nothing. “If you wear and do what is socially accepted, you can become invisible, if that’s what you want. If you depart from the usual fashion, you stand out.”
For the next hour, Malin found himself looking at possibilities for mens’ dress, and being coached on what was appropriate for morning, afternoon and evening, for casual and formal wear. And still no Rilse. They returned to Malin’s room and the wardrobes. Basil opened the doors.
Startled, Malin stared at the wardrobes. They were stuffed full of clothing. Who needed that many clothes? He thought of his, the rough ones he had for roaming, and the two town outfits. These bulging wardrobes were concrete evidence of his impending doom. He groaned, almost audibly.
Basil’s response was uncannily on the mark. “Life is more complex in town. And as Lord Lindsey’s son, you have to be fashionable. The clothes in this first section are for morning events.” Basil pointed as he spoke “Appropriate hats are on the shelf above the frock coats, jackets and trousers. The rest of this section is for afternoons, as well as the beginning section of this next one.”
Malin couldn’t help himself. “These clothes are all mine?”
Basil nodded. “And you will need them all.”
Malin gulped and reddened.
Basil continued. “The last section of the wardrobe is for evening clothes and sleep and lounge attire. Ties and cravats, underclothing and linens are in the bureau drawers.” His round fingers pointed to the drawers as he spoke, “This one is for morning, here’s afternoon, and this last one is for evening.”
The clothing organization made sense, Malin thought; he would be able to find his way around his attire even as a novice. So far so good. Then Basil stirred the pot a little.
“Imagine we’ve been invited to an evening social to meet and mingle with young people your age in town. They’re mostly sixteen, seventeen and eighteen; sixteen is the age when most young people enter society. Though with the war on, many young men are at the garrison from sixteen to eighteen, though not usually the gentry’s heirs. So. What would you wear?”
“A social evening?”
“Yes. Mixed company, young men, young women and a few older folk dotted about for propriety.”
Malin went to the afternoon and evening section of his wardrobe. Party, he thought. Something bright and obnoxious. He closed his eyes and grabbed some fabric, which turned out to be a plaid coat of reds, oranges and greens. Below, a pair of striped trousers caught his eye. He pulled out his finds and muttered, “These look festive.”
Basil was silent. Malin doggedly finished the job, selecting cufflinks, and a brown silk cravat. Last of all, he took down the nearest hat and placed his selections on the bed.
Basil shook his head sadly. “Would you really like to wear those?”
Malin looked Basil in the eye. “No,” he said honestly. “But I wouldn’t like to go to the social either.”
“Don’t combine plaids and stripes, nor several different bright colors, and don’t mix casual and formal wear. This front section of the wardrobe is for casual attire, this back area is for formal wear. Since the evening is for young people, you could wear casual or formal, but do one or the other. Don’t mix them. Besides, you would have everyone’s attention if you wore that,” Basil indicated the clothes on the bed, “but you would not be happy about it. You would find people laughing behind your back.”
Just what I need, Malin brooded, another reason for Deirdre and Aunt Aila to make my life miserable. He went back to the wardrobe, where he replaced the offending clothes and took out others.
This time he thought about what he might like to wear. When he was in the woods, he wore things that would help him disappear. He smiled and went to work. Bright was replaced by subtle, flamboyant style by clothing that would not get in the way. If he were truly to continue to work for his father, he would need to wear things that he could move in.
Surprisingly, at Malin’s second effort, Basil smiled his approval. “Excellent. You will fit in well tonight, and call no attention to yourself.”
Call no attention. Malin was content. Then he caught that one word slid in casually with the rest. “Tonight?” Malin’s voice sounded a little sharp even to himself. “A social tonight?”
“Yes.” Basil nodded firmly. “Tonight.”



Chapter 3


“Tonight?” Malin repeated.
Basil looked directly at Malin. “Yes. The timing is perfect.” He continued without even a pause. “Lord Shipley, a good friend and advisor to your father, is hosting a party for all the young people sixteen on up. His youngest daughter has just turned sixteen and it is her coming out party. The young people from the town and many from the country estates will be there.”
Malin stared back dismally at Basil. His first day in town and already he had to attend a party. Malin could just see himself, a small, lone fish in unfamiliar waters. And where was Rilse? He had not yet returned. Had he found anything?
“I will come with you. Scholars can go anywhere. Together we will meet the assembled nobility and gentry of Godsel town, say hello, and then leave. It should only take about an hour, all told, before we’re on our way home.”
Malin heard a hesitation on the word should, but he was relieved nevertheless. He knew Rilse could not go with him. He found himself strangely reassured to know Basil could and would. At the door he paused and turned back to face Malin. His voice was no longer round, Malin noted. It had an edge to it. “Tonight,” Basil repeated. “A carriage will come for us at six.”
“But -”
“Will your wolf be coming with us?”
Malin thought about Rilse moving in and out of polite society people, startling the women, threatening the men, and sputtered with laughter in spite of himself. “Should he come?”
“Probably not.” Basil was smiling now, too.
“When he shows up, he will probably choose to wait here.”
Basil nodded and they went back to the library. A couple of hours in the books, and Malin’s head was roiling with a huge cluster of social rules. If he had felt nervous before, he was doubly so when they finished. His stomach was churning as he went to bathe and dress for the evening. Even the warmth of the white tub could not excise the butterflies from his insides.
Then the door was nudged open, and a white muzzle thrust through the opening. Rilse entered and settled himself on the plush floral rug beside the tub.
Rilse. Malin’s relief and welcome merged in that one word. There’s a social tonight and I must go. All these rules about who to speak to and what to say, even how to say it. It’s ridiculous, Rilse. Townspeople talk too much.
That’s because they’re humans, Rilse told him smugly. When humans get nervous they talk. But it won’t be too bad, Rilse consoled him. Aunt Aila and Deirdre won’t be there.
There will probably be several Aunt Ailas walking about, to say nothing of dozens of Deirdres.
There are other Aunt Ailas? Other Deirdres? Rilse was incredulous.
Well, no. Just others like them.
Oh, well, you won’t stay long. You will eat and sit around and talk a little, and come home.
Malin was not too hopeful. If I live that long.
There will be fighting? Rilse was puzzled.
Yes, but underneath. Like we talk.
Shall I come?
No. They wouldn’t let you in. Malin sighed. But Basil says he will come.
He can fight that way?
Malin laughed, wondering how Basil would like Rilse’s views. Yes. I think he can. What did you find at the carriage?
Just the carriage and the horses tethered nearby. The men had left on foot.
How many?
Men?
Malin nodded.
Three. When they left, they followed the roadway from within the woods.
Any idea what they were after?
Rilse arose and shook himself. No. There is hot water in the air here.
That’s steam, Rilse.
I will wait in the room with the window doors. Rilse padded to the door, pried it open with his paw, sidled around it, and was gone.
Malin stared soberly at the picture on the wall at the end of the tub, not really seeing it. What did the men’s actions mean? The picture came into focus. It was a garden with a young girl holding out a bouquet of flowers to an older woman who was smiling at her. That girl didn’t pick Aunt Aila’s daffodils and give them to her, he thought, remembering the day he had done that. Aunt Aila had not smiled at all. Grinning in spite of himself at the memory, he bathed, dried, went to his room and dressed. Rilse was there waiting.
While you meet new friends, I’ll go back to the carriage and wait for the men.
Malin looked curiously at Rilse. Why? Do you think they will return?
The horses and carriage are still there. They will return. Besides, they smelled strange, full of fear and excitement. And they didn’t like each other much.
As Malin finished tying his gold printed silk cravat, Basil came in to help. “Basil, why do we wear such things? Having something tied about your neck is not my idea of safety.”
Basil smiled. “Town is supposed to be at least a physically safe place.” He tightened the cravat and tucked under the ends. “How’s that?”
“Oh, just fine. Another tug and I would no longer breathe.”
Basil laughed and stood back to scrutinize his protégé in his black coat and tails, with the white shirt front and the gold cravat. “Impressive, Master Malin, impressive. Ready?”
“As ready as I’m going to be.” Malin was mournful. If I were Rilse, he thought, I might even howl.
But he got no sympathy from Rilse, who had settled down in front of the window doors, as he called them, rolled on his back and stretched out full length, waving his feet in the air before he turned on his side. I’ll wait here. Rilse closed one eye, and then the other. Right here. Just think about me, resting peacefully. Or trailing strange men. You’ll feel better. Then he grinned, his tongue licking his teeth.
Basil seemed sympathetic, but not prepared to let Malin off the hook. “I can teach you social rules, but I can’t develop your connections with the younger set. That will be up to you.”
That’s what his father had said, Malin thought, two nights ago. He had braved the disappearing stairs and the dizziness to visit him. Things that disappeared were not comforting, Malin decided, whether they were people or stairs.
“If you become a familiar figure in town, especially amongst those of your age group, information may come your way that I’d never hear,” his father had said earnestly.
“Right,” Malin had added dryly. But he didn’t have to like it.
When he and Rilse worked the south wilderness for his father, they traced the movements of those that filtered into their lands, deciding whether they were friend or foe. Now it seemed that role would continue, only the location would change to the town itself. Tonight, with Basil for support, he would begin his new role. He looked once more in the mirror at his dark, tanned face with the surprising light blue eyes, brushed back his slightly unruly hair, patted his cravat and followed Basil downstairs.
Rilse’s mocking howl floated after them as they opened the front door. I’ll be waiting.
Go ahead, laugh. Your time will come, Malin threatened.
I can wait.
Lord Shipley’s manor, Hazeldene, was not far enough to suit Malin. The closer they came to the manor, the tighter his cravat became and the scratchier his shirt front felt. Little drops of moisture formed along his hairline.
Basil didn’t seem to notice Malin’s anxiety. In fact he seemed cool and comfortable in his coat and tails. When the carriage stopped, Basil moved smoothly and quickly out and down, nodding at the waiting coachman in the red livery of Lord Shipley who was holding the door open. Malin followed, suddenly aware of the lines of lit lanterns that edged the lane they had just traversed, outlining the courtyard created by the house itself, with wings to each side and the center deeply inset.
How could he have missed the lanterns? Malin wondered. He would have to do better if he were to be of help to his father. The lanterns were a curve of light in the darkness, and Malin could almost see laughter floating down upon the guests like blossoms. He felt a finger of excitement slide down his spine in spite of his current apprehension.
In front of the house was a large fountain encircled by the road, filled with carriages coming and going. Wide lawns sloped away from each side of the wings of the house, and Malin knew that the carefully maintained gardens continued behind the elaborate, massive structure before him.
They walked the few steps up to the wide facade with its double doors framed by ornate pillars. Flowers were everywhere, in pots, in beds, even in sculpted figures. A trio of crystal chandeliers hung inside the front doors, lighting the way. The crowd of guests seemed a little unreal to Malin, like shadows streaming onward. Just inside the door, an immaculate butler waited, tall and thin and formidable, nothing like Basil, Malin thought. He gave Malin a long look.
Malin flushed beneath his gaze, feeling as if he were being dissected and catalogued like some strange insect, but he met the man’s gaze unwaveringly. Behind the butler, Malin had a glimpse of a large library and several small salons to the right, before his eyes found the ballroom to the left. Its doors were flung back and people swarmed everywhere. A third of the way inside and to the right, a wide circular staircase led to a balcony on the second floor that surrounded the ballroom. People were sitting at small tables covered with white linen cloths, talking over refreshments.
A small party had entered ahead of Basil and Malin, and another was coming behind them. Hats were taken, and they were ushered into the ballroom where groups were forming and reforming. Like water drops in rain, Malin thought. Endlessly shifting, flowing, different each time you looked. Only the drops of water were individual people, who were much less predictable.
Basil stood for a long moment, surveying the room and its occupants. Malin looked at him curiously. “Getting the lay of the land, so to speak,” Basil explained. “Finding out who is here, who is talking to whom, and where our hosts are. Just tasting how things feel. Greeting the hosts is first, always. Ah, over here.”
Malin followed Basil as he threaded his way between individuals who had not yet joined groups, past several young men talking together, to an older gentleman standing close to the bottom of the staircase. On the step above him was a matronly woman and two young girls. He could see the balcony more clearly, enough to see the platters of glass and silver piled with small sandwiches, cakes, and pastries of all kinds. In the center of each serving table was a huge cut glass punch bowl surrounded by cups.
Below, at one end of the ballroom floor, an orchestra composed of strings and a medium sized harp was setting up. In a quick reflexive action, Malin reached out for Basil’s arm.
“Dancing? I can’t.”
Basil looked at Malin’s stricken face. “That will come later. Tonight we’ll leave just after our introductions. You’ve just come to town, after all and you’re weary from your journey. I’ll deliver your excuses.”
Malin breathed again and followed Basil to the bottom of the stairs, where Basil greeted the slight older man, with the thinning hair and a very full moustache.
“Lord Shipley, how are you this evening? A lovely affair.”
“Master Basil. So glad you could come. Lord Malin.” He bowed over their clasped hands. “Welcome to Hazeldene.” Immersed in the dignity of the situation, Malin was jarred by Lord Shipley’s surprisingly high and thin voice. He started, almost forgetting to bow over his greeting to the man until Basil nudged him. “My wife, Lady Lilly, my daughters, Eloise and Diana, my nephew Robert.” Again the bows. Malin closed his eyes against Lord Shipley’s shrillness, while the ladies curtsied like dominoes, one after the other in a wave ascending the staircase.
Basil seemed not to notice the voice, or react to it. Malin hastened to regain his composure. “Lady Lilly, Mistress Eloise, Mistress Diana. You’re looking well.” Basil smiled at the young women before him. “Godsel is indeed fortunate to have such bright and beautiful young ladies.”
Lady Diana turned a little pink and bobbed her head. Her thank-you could hardly be heard. Beautiful? Malin looked back at the young ladies, and at their matronly mother. He found he could not even breathe the word, let alone say it aloud as Basil had done. He resolved to ask Basil later about truth and verity and social rules.
As they moved away from the Shipleys, Basil murmured, “Always the hosts first, then the other adults should be acknowledged. A mere greeting will do, unless you know them very well. There is a whole roomful to greet, so we’ll be brief. If they are well-known to you, a few moments of private conversation later on is best.” And so it went. Basil worked his way up the staircase, around the balcony, then back down and around the ballroom, followed closely by Malin.
Malin discovered he was comfortable with the adults, both greeting and exchanging pleasantries. The young people were a little more difficult. Malin found himself facing one young man, his mind still on the last introduction, his face a bit blank. The young man had asked his age, and Malin had responded almost automatically with, “Seventeen.”
The young man’s eyes gleamed intensely a moment, then faded to a politely blank gaze. “Seventeen?” There was a definite pause, a chilly silence. Even unaccustomed to society and its rules, Malin could feel something ready to drop. His eyes went to Basil. But Basil just stood there, poised and interested. “It seems sad to have missed a year or so of his Lordship’s son’s company,” the young man continued.
The conversation was still a blank for Malin. Where was it going? And why?
Basil cleared his throat and said delicately, “A matter of health. Lord Malin is so pleased to be past it and able to be here.” Then Basil took Malin’s arm and led him away.
“A matter of health?” Malin was astounded.
“Yes, his, if he had only known.”
Malin laughed, delighted. “And if they inquire more closely?”
“Good manners means you never have to say more than you wish. Just smile and repeat in a melancholy voice, ‘Yes, a matter of health.’ No explanation is needed. Leave it to the gossips to add to the story. Or your trusted servants. I will sow an idea or two about how you’ve not really had the health to participate socially this last year. In addition, at this stage of your life you’ve really been missing your departed mother. There is no need to inform them of your tracking and training with the garrison. That information could keep other information from coming your way. Your job is merely to look a little melancholy from time to time.”
For a moment Malin did miss his mother, although it had been eleven years since she had died in the influenza epidemic. Basil’s words, “look melancholy,” finally penetrated. “Like this?” Malin erased his broad smile, gazed out of focus, a little ahead and to the left, his eyes at half mast.
“Not quite.” Basil paused, thinking. “Try to think of something sad.”
“Like this?” Malin contorted his face into a grimace suitable for someone dying.
“No, no. Something sad, not terrible. That’s better. The young women will find that irresistible.” Basil didn’t add that they would also find Malin’s well-built body and his tan quite striking in that room of pale people who lived indoors.
Malin was suddenly alert. It was the young women he dreaded most. His sister Deirdre could flay him alive with just a few words. He was grateful she was only fifteen, not yet sixteen. Meeting her would be more than he could handle right now, he thought to himself, grateful for small mercies. Well, if looking melancholy was the way to ease the path, he would look melancholy if it killed him.
“Move slowly, talk softly, smile a little,” Basil instructed. They moved through the rest of the room, Malin sticking to Basil like glue. There were introductions, minor chit chat, refreshments, some program music from the orchestra that they listened to from the depths of carefully grouped plush chairs.
Malin sat back, wiped his forehead with his handkerchief, and released the breath he suddenly realized he had been holding for the past hour. He could feel the slight breeze coming from the doors in back of him that opened onto the back gardens.
Beside him, Basil spoke softly, carefully, making sure they were not overheard. “Well done, Master Malin, well done. A little more experience and you will be great. Good manners means simply saying and doing the expected thing. You have to blend in to see what’s happening. Listen to the tones of people’s voices, the silences especially.”
Malin wondered, and not for the first time, how much Basil knew about his reasons for coming to Tegyn, but he said nothing. Probably his father had already told Basil, but if he hadn’t, Malin would not.
Basil continued, “Beware of long silences, especially uncomfortable ones. They usually mean something is happening that may not be to your advantage.”
“Like the young man. Why did he ask such an innocuous question in such an uncomfortable way?”
“Good observation, Master Malin. Lord Norton’s son, Swanleigh, has a reputation for being a little disagreeable, but he is also very keen minded. Perhaps he has a reason for wanting to know what you’ve been doing and where you’ve been. And perhaps not. He’s also very concerned about rank and how it plays out in society. He may have just wanted to know that he was not being slighted.”
The people around them were applauding the musicians. Basil leaned over. “I’ll arrange for our carriage. Meet me at the front door in just a few minutes.” For a moment, looking at the crowd about him, Malin felt a wave of panic. He forced himself to relax. All he had to do was make it to the front door through the crowds and he was home free.
Then an even better thought struck him. All he had to do was make it to the front door. But he didn’t have to go through the crowded ballroom. He could just as easily slip out the back into the gardens and go around the house to the front door. He actually smiled at Basil’s departing back.
He lingered a moment where he was, until he felt eyes fixed upon him. He turned to see three young women huddled together, their eyes huge and dark above a pale froth of color and lace. They were standing together eyeing him, just a few yards away. The nearest took a step towards him.
That was enough for Malin. He gulped and bolted from his chair. The gardens were calling. Quite loudly, he decided. They would be beautiful in the soft warmth of the evening. In fact, he decided, the gardens could not be anything but beautiful. He would go see.
Then someone caught his eye. Swanleigh was ahead of him, also heading towards the gardens, but trying too hard to make his movements casual, as if he did not want to be noticed. Malin forgot the young women staring at him. What was Swanleigh up to?
He followed, blending into the crowd, moving in the flow of people, making no obvious effort. He found the broad back of someone in front of him and followed the man along the row of chairs and through the far set of outer doors into the gardens. He took pains to avoid the spill of light from the open doorway, and vanished behind a cluster of shrubs to watch the doors where Swanleigh waited.
The gardens were a maze of hedges and paths that wandered beside and through flowers and shrubs, with marble benches interspersed. In the moonlight the place looked and smelled enchanting, but Malin who wasn’t given to fanciful flights of the imagination, had no time to linger in moonlit gardens.
Out of the corner of his eye, Malin could see Swanleigh, talking to another young man, Lord Shipley’s nephew. As Malin watched, they stepped through the double garden doors and took the path farthest away from him, Swanleigh’s companion talking away at a great rate, paying no attention to his surroundings. Swanleigh seemed nervous, glancing around as they went, almost as if he waited for something, or someone.
Malin followed silently, wonderingly. Though he couldn’t always see the glints of moonlight on the white of their shirts, he could follow them by the noise of their conversation, the loud laughter of Swanleigh’s friend, and the crunch of their feet on the pathways.
Suddenly Malin stopped. Rilse? Rilse? He queried.
Here. I followed the men’s trail. The carriage men.
In front of him Malin felt another group enter the path, following Swanleigh and his friend. There was no glinting of moonlight on the white of their shirts. They were only shadows shifting in the path, but shadows whose heads kept looking furtively behind and around them as they went. Shadows who don’t want to be seen, thought Malin. He felt Swanleigh knew or expected the trio now following him.
Malin quickened his pace. What was afoot?
Giggles bubbled from the adjoining path. The young women had found him and blocked his way. It was Diana, with two of her friends.
Malin was frustrated. His first thought was to push his way past them, but it would take several minutes to get through. He looked down the path. Those trailing Swanleigh and his friend had almost reached them. Then Basil’s recent teaching crowded into his mind.
“Ladies,” he bowed and continued to walk by them, arranging his features into a melancholy expression, hoping it could be seen in the moonlight.
More giggles, and the young ladies moved aside, their light voices chanting “Malin” in various registers.
Malin strained his ears to listen, trying to filter out the voices around him. He was sure he heard the sounds of a scuffle, the thud of someone falling, then dragging noises. He rounded the corner ahead and the moment he was out of sight, he abandoned all pretense and sped towards the sounds.
Suddenly he heard cries, then the sounds of running feet. He smiled grimly to himself. That would be Rilse, the gytrash Rilse.
I’m black and huge and my red eyes are upon you!
Rilse, what’s going on?
The carriage men knocked out one man and tried to drag him away. The other stood and watched. Until I came. He was pleased with himself. Then they all ran, in different directions.
By now others had discovered something was amiss. Carried clearly on the night air, he heard, “’Ere, now. What’s goin’ on ‘ere?” Several grooms and a coachman were now at the spot. Those who had been following Swanleigh and his friend fled in different directions, spat out like water drops from a hot frying pan. In the dark it would be impossible to trail any of them, unless you were Malin and Rilse.
Rilse, I’ll take the one curving around the house. You take the one heading into the woods. Just follow and see where he goes.
And the third man?
We’ll worry about him later. A few steps more and Malin would have the intruder. Then a hand reached out and a surprisingly strong arm pulled him into the shadows of the hedge.
“Wait. Let others handle it.” It was Basil. Malin was astonished. What was Basil doing here? What had he to do with either muggings or their prevention? “Wait, I say. You can’t be seen here. Important enemies might be warned.”
Convinced by the intense energy of Basil’s voice, Malin waited.



Chapter 4


“Wait,” Basil repeated. He and Malin shrank back into deep shadow, thankful a cloud had obscured the moon, for their white shirt fronts almost shone when moonlight touched them. Malin turned his back to the moon, and Basil followed suit. Inches away from the brick, they skirted the outside manor wall. A few steps more, and they were in the driveway itself, waiting innocently for their carriage, with no more connection to nefarious activities than the lord’s daughter and her friends.
Rilse. Just follow. Don’t be seen.
Back to the carriage in the woods?
Yes. We’ll be there soon.
“What was going on?” Malin asked Basil as their carriage rolled up and they climbed inside.
Basil shook his head, puzzled. “I’m not sure. It might have been a kidnapping attempt, or just an incident to attract attention. At any rate, Malin, you must appear a bystander, not the rescuer of inattentive young men.”
Malin nodded his head. “I know.”
Basil continued. “Swanleigh may also be just an innocent friend, or he may have deliberately decoyed Lord Shipley’s nephew, Robert, outside where the men could attack him. He’ll be all right,” he responded to Malin’s unasked question.
“A routine social engagement,” Malin teased Basil.
“Right. A boring coming out party for the social set.” Basil chuckled.
Malin turned his attention to the roadway, watching intently out the carriage window as they went. “This was the spot,” he told Basil, deciding he could share that knowledge with Basil without compromising his mission for his father. “Right in this section.”
“What was?”
“A carriage. An unmarked carriage stopped here and pulled out of view as I came to Tegyn this morning.”
“You’re sure?”
Malin nodded. “Yes. And they carried weapons.”
“Indeed.”
Rilse?
The men have returned and the carriage is gone. Down the road ahead of us.
The same men?
Yes.
No more?
No.
“So what happens now?” Malin wanted to know what Basil’s part was in all of this.
“Others will keep an eye on Swanleigh. It’s too soon to know what’s happening there. But at least Lord Shipley’s nephew will have experienced nothing worse than a thump on the head.”
At Tegyn, Malin found Rilse waiting where he had left him, lolling in front of the garden doors, teasing him. You’re still alive.
Cheeky creature.
You’ve had adventures. Town isn’t so bad. Rilse picked up the rest of the details from Malin’s mind.
Yes. You may have been right about the carriage.
I’m often right.
Malin shied his shoe at Rilse. Rilse growled, almost affectionately, Malin thought as they settled down for the night.
Rilse?
Ummm.
You are often right. Things may be easier than I supposed.
The last thing Malin did before climbing into bed was to open the windows. Immediately earth sounds filled the room: sleepy bird thoughts, an owl’s call, a squirrel’s dream of stolen nuts. The woods were close enough. Malin would still be in touch.
In the study the next day, both Basil and Malin were more casually dressed with Basil in his tweeds and Malin in his favorite roam-the-woods browns. They started in on manners while Rilse watched from the rug on the hearth. Basil and Malin role-played conversations until Malin could handle anything usual, and even beyond.
“Remember your health, if things get sticky. Cough a little in your handkerchief, look melancholy and leave,” Basil instructed. Then he added, “I can teach you everything you need to know to survive in society, but I can’t teach you to read society. You’ll have to trust your instincts for that. Listen to how things feel, as you did last night at Hazeldene.”
Malin was quiet for a moment. “I knew something was up with Swanleigh,” he said slowly, “but I couldn’t tell what.”
“Neither could I, until he finished,” said Basil. Malin looked at Basil, surprised. Basil continued, “You can tell the arrow has left the bow, but you can’t always discern the target and purpose.”
Malin closed the book he’d been holding.
Basil continued, “Sometimes it takes a long time to figure out what’s really going on. People can be very complex.” Malin had to agree. “Your father’s status will probably get you invitations to all the events you need to attend without any work on your part, but if you are pleasant and polite, you’ll get more.”
“Do I want more?” Malin spoke aloud before he thought.
Basil looked at him, a twinkle in his eye. “Your next engagement is tea tomorrow at Roswood.”
Malin looked aghast. “Roswood? With Aunt Aila and Deirdre? With Aunt Aila’s son, Edgeron?” Basil nodded.
Malin was silent for several long moments. Then he composed his features into a look of pure melancholy, coughed into his handkerchief and sighed. “My health is sliding away even as we speak. Would you please tender my regrets to my esteemed aunt and sister and cousin?”
Basil laughed roundly. “You’re getting the picture. You have a lot of leeway in what you attend, though if you don’t attend some functions you may miss something.”
Malin thought of Aunt Aila and ‘the look,’ of Deirdre and her disapproval, of his pasty-faced cousin, Edgeron, with the tongue that flicked in and out and the obnoxious comments. “Some things should be missed.” But his heart was lighter. Town might be occasionally interesting, and he could learn. Then he had a thought. “How do we explain Rilse?”
I need explaining?
“Leave him at home,” Basil suggested, “unless you really want him with you. Then he’s a pet that you leave outside.”
A pet? I’m a pet? Rilse was incensed.
Malin grinned. No Rilse, you’re a wild wolf that follows me around.
“Just a poor little orphan wolf cub that you found in the wilderness. But I suspect you’ll associate with Rilse primarily out of the public eye.” Basil put aside the book he was holding, and reached into the center of the table and selected another. “Let’s move on to the history and people of Godsel, to the traders who come and why.”
Basil took the book and led the way into the library, which looked as if it had books on every topic under the sun. Basil, Malin learned, was the town expert on just about any topic. Basil could go anywhere and do anything and do it better than anyone else. He had advice that worked for every situation. With Basil, like Rilse, Malin could relax. Basil would be his ‘in town’ Rilse, his scholar, his mentor, his gentleman’s gentleman, butler, whatever was needed. Malin might even find himself becoming interested in books.
Weeks passed. Ongoing practice with clothes and manners and conversation brought Malin new comfort in social situations, though he still couldn’t understand why people were not as reasonable or as easily understood as animals. “I thought people were supposed to be more articulate than the animal population,” he commented to Basil. Basil just looked at him strangely and smiled. Weeks became months, May became June, then July and August, and even town became tolerable.
Malin realized he was achieving his social goals when he visited Roswood in September without Basil, who was off for a cousin’s birthday festivities, and Aunt Aila neglected to give him ‘the look.’
Later the same evening, his sister Deirdre remarked, “You’ve become too civilized, Malin. You’ve become boring.”
Malin didn’t bother to rise to the bait and attempt to disillusion her. He smiled instead in immense satisfaction while remarking airily, “So sorry, my dear.”
Then the world became more complex. As they returned home from Roswood that night, Rilse and Malin found a carriage out front waiting for Basil.
Something’s amiss, Rilse.
Inside, Basil had placed a few things in a bag and was stooped over the small table beside the front door writing. “Oh, Malin. Here you are. I’m going straight back to my cousin Abelard’s place. His wife is quite distraught. He never returned from the Academy this evening for his own birthday dinner. He may have forgotten; he has forgotten such things before when he was involved in his work, but we’ve sent over to the Academy and he’s not there. We’ve been looking for him all evening, but he’s not yet turned up.”
“Abelard is missing?” Malin was incredulous, his left eyebrow raised as he looked at Basil. “The schoolmaster?” Rilse, how could a solemn schoolmaster, who probably never took a chance in his life, disappear between home and school? It’s such a short way from the Academy to his home.
Maybe he wanted to. Rilse didn’t get too excited.
Malin could tell Basil was not quite himself. “Have the guards at Oldsbury Hall been notified?”
“We’ve sent a message. If it’s not too much trouble, could you make sure it was received? And here’s a handkerchief belonging to Abelard. It should carry his smell in case they want to use dogs.”
Rilse sniffed. Dogs. What use are they? They’re too noisy.
Malin took the handkerchief. “We’ll make sure they know he’s missing.”
“Do you know Abelard?”
Malin shook his head. “Not really. I know who he is, but I’ve never spoken to him. I don’t think I’ve ever met him, formally.
Basil polished his eyeglass, cleared his throat, and picked up his bag. “Well, I hope we find him and soon.”
Malin opened the door and held it, watching while Basil hurried out and climbed into the carriage. “Take care. I’m sure he’ll turn up,” Malin called after him, then he stood for a moment, watching the carriage drive away. Abelard. Who would want him, and why? And Lord Shipley’s nephew. What had that been all about? Things had seemed to die down after that, and no further information had been uncovered and no more incidents, until Abelard. Were the two events even connected?
Well, Rilse, we are needed. Malin felt the familiar thrill of adventure enfold him.
We are. Rilse was smug. Of course we are.
In minutes Malin had changed his evening attire to sturdy brown pants and a loose dark shirt, something more suitable for hunting kidnappers, and he and Rilse were off, making short work of the mile to Oldsbury Hall. He passed the stables and alerted them to ready his horse, then hastened via the tower wall and the disappearing staircase to his father’s study where a single lamp burned and flickered, casting moving shadows on the wall. His father was not there. He left a note on the desk, then continued into the main part of the house.
“Master Malin.” His father’s butler, Harold, hastened toward him.
“Abelard is missing,” Malin told him, tersely. “Please let my father know. This handkerchief carries his scent.”
“He should be back within the hour. I’ll let him know.”
“Right. I’m off for the south lands.”
They collected Malin’s horse, Lanier, along with Malin’s usual pack. Rilse stretched. We have loafed for days. We could use a run.
And a little space. Malin grinned in anticipation. The wilderness calls, Rilse. Life still has bright spots. Then he thought of Basil, and his cousin Abelard. His mental voice turned grim. And we need to find someone. If Abelard’s in town, he’ll turn up. If not he may have been taken. Let’s go straight to the cove where we trailed the southern riders last time.
By full moonrise, Malin and Rilse were many miles south, crouching low behind a screen of bushes on a steep hillside that fell into the sea, watching the almost hidden inlet below where a small sailing vessel was anchored. The moonlight glinted silver off small waves, for the sea was calm, the wind just a slight breeze. The trees close to the shore were dark shapes that merged together and beyond them, Malin could not really see where water ended and sand began.
There it is, Rilse. That’s the spot. And there’s a ship there - just like the last time. We’re in time.
At the cove, the moon emerged from its cloud cover and they could see the tracks where six riders had reached the shore. Knowing the terrain, Malin realized the tracks were making for the inland trail that headed north for several miles before branching off in about three directions, one of them to Godsel.
What, Rilse, old buddy, are they doing here? Nothing good, I bet.
The white wolf flattened into the dry grass of late summer, wriggled silver tipped ears and tail, and lifted his nose to smell the sea air. Prone beside him, Malin’s browns blended in with the weeds and the sandy soil. His horse Lanier was back in the last fringe of trees.
They smell of fear.
They should. They sail in our waters without permission. Southlanders are only allowed in Godsel when they have cargo to trade. The only cargo on this ship are the riders and their horses. And they are not invited. Abelard?
Rilse understood his question. No Abelard.
Good. That means he’s not here yet, if indeed they have taken him. Perhaps the riders have gone to collect him.
Two riders and their horses are left, down by that small boat on the shore.
Ah, that’s their dinghy.
They’re trying hard to be quiet, but they’re noisy.
You can bet they’re not here for a tea party; look at their horses. Typically, Malin looked first at the horses. Animals were an easier read than people, as far as he was concerned. Under the full moon he could just make out their silhouettes. They’re small horses, Rilse, from the desert tribes much deeper south than we’ve seen before.
They can run.
And go long distances with little water. Malin was fascinated. He reached out to touch the horses’ minds and found them similar to those of his area, though like their bodies, their minds seemed more restive and quick. They’re all dark colors, to blend in.
The riders are different, too. Rilse was right. They were darker skinned than southern riders they had seen before, a real contrast to the fair-haired, gray-eyed, larger boned citizens of Godsel. They wore head coverings and flowing coats of muted browns. Malin could see the two men, seated at a small campfire. When one arose to feed the fire, Malin caught the flash of a sword in the firelight. The outline of a bow was strung on his back.
They’re armed, Rilse. Openly armed. Certainly not peaceful travelers. But no guns.
We should take care of the horses first. It will be safer.
True. I wonder how securely they are tied. Malin reached out, touching the minds of the desert horses, feeding them images. The forest is lovely, he sent. Fresh grass, cool streams, good running. He and Rilse watched while both horses pulled back on their tethers, Malin orchestrating the effort. Two gentle pulls, then one quick hard yank. The mare was free and heading to the forest, just as Malin had suggested. The gelding whinnied and reared up on his hind legs, tossing his head back, pulling hard on the reins. Hurry, she’s leaving you behind. Up you go, one more toss of the head. Then the gelding, too, was free.
The two men at the fire sprang to their feet and raced for the horses, attempting to grab the reins. The mare was gone before they knew anything was afoot. The gelding freed himself just as they reached him. He reared again, wheeled on his hind legs and was off after the mare. The two men ran after them, up the trail and into the forest, yelling as they went.
Malin and Rilse had worked together too long to waste a moment. Before the men had even started up from the fire, they were on the move. Down the hill towards the small boat they went, no longer needing stealth.
Look at their robes, Rilse. It’s like the men just disappear into the shadows and the night. We’d hardly see them if we didn’t know what to look for.
Rilse sniffed. We’d smell them. They need a swim in the river.
Crouching low and clutching his saddlebag, Malin raced straight for his target, the small dinghy that the men had left at anchor. Their feet stirred up little trails of dust as they went through the dry grass, but there was no one to see. Even if there had been, the now cloud-shrouded moon did not give enough light to see the dust let alone the shadowy figures bent low and moving fast. On the ship only the guards were awake, but they paid little attention to the men and horses ashore. Their attention was on the seas, watching for enemies.
It was the work of only a few minutes for Malin to reach the dinghy, loose it from its moorings and climb quickly inside. Before they could be seen they had turned the dinghy about and were headed for their real goal, the anchored ship.
I think I have just what we need. Malin grinned at Rilse. We can give some of them a bath. Riders from the southlands abducting citizens from Godsel. Their manners are lacking, Rilse my friend. We must raise them to a new level. We must teach them to love their OWN land and to shun all foreign lands and people, especially ours. Malin paused in his rowing to look back. The men still had not returned. We have gytrash here, you know. Very big ones. Black and terrible ones. He looked at Rilse expectantly.
For his part, Rilse was happy to oblige. Red eyes shimmered behind the amber ones, before coming completely into focus. The white fur was swallowed by a huge black shape, that seemed to fill the boat. Grinning, Rilse lifted his muzzle and howled.
They hugged the shadowed shore of the harbor, circling to the sea side before they approached the ship. One guard at least was walking the decks. Others might be below. There would be no slip-ups if Malin and Rilse could prevent them.
A wild creature raging on board might be just the thing, Rilse. A nightmare creature, a gytrash, waiting to rip out your throat, a creature mad with blood lust, its eyes red. A creature black and huge.
I could get killed that way.
No, no. The fighters have left, my friend. Only the poor superstitious sailors are left. A few howls that come closer and closer and they will all be diving off the boat. Then we can board her and make her take water, make her list so she’s not seaworthy.
We can do that?
Maybe.
It’s a nice ship, Rilse protested.
We’ll try to put just enough water in her so she can’t get away for a long time. Abelard is important. We can’t risk their sailing away with him.
They floated in the shadow of the ship and listened until Rilse’s nose could say that no one moved. A few howls from Rilse as he leaped on board and one or two full blown howls after he reached the deck had the desired effect. Sailors were soon leaping into the water and making for the nearest shore. Of the two guards left on board, Rilse ‘helped’ one into the water, Malin the other.
Then Malin went looking. If they produced holes in the ship’s hull, it would alert the departed riders to danger if they were within hearing distance. But he had heard that these small southern ships had plugs in the hold to release excess water when they were hauled out for repairs. If they could just remove the plug with the ship still in water, it would founder. They found the spot they sought, well below the water level, as Malin had hoped. A little work and the plug was out, water surging in behind it.
Pleased, Malin watched the water rise. In an hour they could leave, and the ship would be full enough to prevent its sailing until the water was removed. That hour would give them time to search the ship, to see if they could discover what was happening and why.
There were the expected ship instruments, extra weapons, supplies. Malin went looking for the areas where the riders would bunk to see what there might be there. But to his eyes, there was nothing significant there.
Rilse discovered a little mouse of a sailor hiding behind stacks of supplies, whom he chased to Malin.
Startled, Malin looked at the man, who looked like the other sailors he had seen. He was not a rider and was unarmed. He seemed terrified, especially when Malin pulled him close to the rail. He gesticulated wildly, and finally Malin figured out that the man could not swim. Malin shook his head. A sailor without the skill to swim? Sheer foolishness. They put the man against the rail, between the two of them. Rilse would stand guard.
Did you find anything?
No. But this man has been to Godsel.
How do you know?
He smells like the salt pork barrels down by the dock, Rilse grimaced.
Malin laughed. Maybe he’s their cook. You’re sure he’s been to Godsel?
Yes.
Malin looked carefully at the small man backed against the rail. Could he speak Westrian? He tried a few words on him, but the man either could not or would not speak to them. Malin was convinced it was the former, since even in his fear of the water the man had uttered no words they understood. It was likely, however, that some of the sailors could, for many southerners came into the port of Godsel to trade. However, the riders were a different story. They had not yet been seen along the streets of Godsel.
A cry from the sailor caught their attention. The boat was full enough below deck that it was beginning to list. It’s time, Rilse. They can’t get away now.
And the sailor?
We leave him here. The boat won’t sink; the water here in the bay is too shallow. But if he’s here, he can’t get in our way as we try to find and rescue Abelard. He might know something, and we might find someone to talk to him if we were to bring him, but we also might lose Abelard. We can’t take that chance.
In moments, the two had dropped into the small boat. The sailor was peering down at them, chattering away at a great rate, glancing nervously behind him at the mysterious sinking ship, in terror of the gytrash that was Rilse in front of him. Malin smiled and waved, then the dinghy was on its way back to shore, another shadow in the moonlight.
They came around the bow of the ship, scanning the shore. There, disgruntled and unhappy, were the two riders back by their campfire. Their horses were gone. Their boat was gone.
Things are just not going their way, Malin remarked to Rilse, a half smile touching the corners of his mouth, his eyebrow raised in glee.
By the time the ship was really in trouble, they had anchored the dinghy further out than they had found it, but within reach of the two remaining riders, and returned to their original vantage point on the cliff. Lower and lower the ship went, then suddenly there was a gurgling noise, and she slid to starboard, her bows raised, her stern slanting down. She no longer looked healthy and seaworthy. Below on the shore, Malin and Rilse could hear the wails of the sailors stranded there.
Neither Malin nor Rilse lingered long to gaze at the ship. They had no time to sit and enjoy their handiwork. Malin mind-called Lanier, who had long since become used to Rilse. They started off, Rilse a white wolf once more.
Malin could see the trail, clear in the bright moonlight until it entered the trees. Then Rilse took over, following his nose towards Godsel. The intruders were apparently avoiding the main trail; instead, they were keeping parallel to it, well within the cover of the trees.
The three traveled silently, the miles falling away behind them. Two hours later, they seemed to slow as one. Malin reached out, hearing the silence of the woods, no animals or birds. It was almost as if the forest waited for something.
He slowed even further. Rilse had stopped and was tasting the air.
Horsemen come. Fast.
Fast indeed. Malin could sense the racing pulses, the pounding hearts of the horses, minutes before he heard the pounding of hooves. Even though it was a full moon, it was still night in the forest. It would be all too easy for a horse to stumble over a branch, or place a hoof in a hole and break a leg. What were they thinking?
He and Rilse left the trail in a rush. Malin dismounted and stepped behind the brush that edged the trail. Lanier made himself scarce. I’ll slow the horses, Rilse. You find our man.
It took more effort than Malin expected. Both horses and men were fear driven, though by what he could not tell. Some nameless terror seemed to affect them. Just before the group of riders reached them, Malin was able to calm the horses to a trot, then a walk, in spite of the frantic state of their riders. Where is Abelard?
He’s not there. The handkerchief man is not with them.
Not with them? He has to be. Images raced through Malin’s mind: Abelard injured and left behind. Abelard held hostage. Abelard dead.
He is not with them, Rilse repeated.
The riders came even with them, then passed on, regaining speed and heading full tilt for the ship. No Abelard? Malin was dismayed. Had they harmed him? He scrambled through the brush to stand on the trail, gazing both forward and back. Beside him, Rilse stood still, waiting. Lanier nibbled at Malin’s sleeve, his whinny a question. Malin could sense no other horses anywhere in the vicinity. He felt the wind, the quiet of the forest returning after the rush of the rider’s passage. Small creatures returned to their tasks, scurrying, eating, sleeping.
We continue on their back trail, Malin decided.
Rilse considered. Abelard may be there. One of the horses tastes of him.
A few seconds more and Malin was up on Lanier, riding down the trail. Rilse ranged offside in the trees. Half an hour later Malin smelled smoke, the smoke of a campfire. Fifteen minutes later he could see its remaining embers, barely glowing. They approached carefully, Rilse checking for people, Malin for horses.
No one. Why did they leave in such a hurry? What spooked them?
There is someone. Over there, in that small house.
Malin crept to the back of the hut that Rilse had discovered, right against the edge of the trees. He counted on the hut having enough cracks in it to allow him to scrutinize its contents, and he was right. In fact, the door was partly open and firelight spilled inside, spilled all over a man’s face, round like Basil’s. It had to be Abelard. He was sitting on the dirt floor, hogtied, an untidy pile of books beside him. He was dressed in gray gentleman’s attire.
Startled, Malin stared at Abelard through the cracks in the wall of the hut, then retreated swiftly, noiselessly back into the forest. They have the professor from the town. Doesn’t look thrilled. He’s hogtied. So why did they run? Is he the bait?
Professor?
You know, someone who teaches.
Why don’t they just learn for themselves?
Easy for you to say. They don’t have your nose, Rilse. Let’s try some wolf howls, just in case.
Rilse disappeared, and soon a lone wolf howl was heard off in the distance, followed by several in a bunch. Then the wolf howls changed, seeming to come from all around, spaced closely together, as the white wolf metamorphosed into the black gytrash. The gytrash circled the clearing. As he came closer, Malin augmented the howls to reach the minds of any creatures close to them. Many wolves. Hungry wolves. Coming now! Something had frightened the riders. It didn’t hurt to be safe.
Rilse and Malin approached the hut together. They pushed on the partly open door. It shuddered, then opened wide. Professor Abelard’s eyes focused first on Rilse, the huge black shape with the red eyes. His eyes widened, but even Rilse was impressed with his composure. No gasps, no attempts to flee, just a quick clearing of the throat.
Then the eyes shifted to Malin’s face. Professor Abelard looked at the young man standing before him with the knife. Relief coursed through him. The young man was obviously not one of the southerners. Rilse moved into the shadows of the woods.
Malin wasted no time. As he cut Professor Abelard’s bonds, he plied him with questions. “Why did they want you?”
“I don’t know.”
“The books?”
“I don’t know. None of it makes any sense.”
His bonds dropped away and Abelard was free. He wobbled, clutching at Malin, who had risen with him, for support.
“Can you ride?”
“Certainly.” He glanced uneasily around, but Rilse had disappeared. “That wolf. Does he belong to you?” Malin sputtered with laughter, both at the man and at Rilse’s reaction.
“No. He belongs to himself.”
Abelard’s legs steadied. He rubbed his wrists, trying to restore circulation. “They set upon me just past the hedge gates of the Academy. One man grabbed my bag of books, and while I was wrestling with him, another man came out from the hedge and conked me a good one on the back of the head. When I came to, I was here, as you see me.” He bent forward to work on his ankles, mumbling about tight ropes and ruffians.
Then suddenly he chuckled. “They forgot the books. They’re right here beside me.” He chuckled again. “They didn’t get them and they didn’t get me.” He rubbed his hands before him, quite pleased.
“Why did they leave you behind? If they went to the trouble to abduct you, why did they just leave you here?”
“Well, the only thing free was my mouth so I used it. I helped some trees and rocks to talk, even the fire. Then I made my words come out of the mouth of one of the southern riders, in our language of course. I don’t know theirs. They scattered. Didn’t waste any time saying their farewells.”
“How did you do that?”
“Ventriloquism. I’ve been practicing for my birthday celebration.”
Magic, again. Malin was disgruntled. He couldn’t seem to get away from it. Even here, in the wilderness.
And our help, Rilse reminded him. He did need someone to cut those ropes. Rilse had a knack for putting things in perspective. The woods are clear.
Malin took Abelard’s arm and supported him out of the hut and up on Lanier.
“What they wanted of me, I can’t possibly guess.” As Abelard spoke, the desert gelding walked into the clearing, and stood, pawing the earth with his right hoof, nostrils flaring. Several paces behind him, still hidden in the woods, was the mare; Malin could feel her presence. They could still smell gytrash, so Malin had his work cut out for him while he soothed their minds replacing wolf images with those of food and rest.
When the horses were calm, Malin loaded the books on the mare and mounted the gelding. The horse snorted, pulled his ears forward, and turned his head to eye Malin. Then he shook his withers and moved out onto the trail, leading the way. Lanier followed Malin, and the mare followed them all. Rilse, now a brown wolf, followed out of sight.
Malin was content. They had all they came for, and more. In fact the ship would likely still be there when his father’s guards reached it in the morning.
A good night.
Malin agreed.



Chapter 5


They reached Godsel just before dawn and headed straight for Oldsbury Hall. The desert horses were taken away to the stables, Lanier was turned loose to pasture, and Malin, Abelard and Rilse were ushered into the halls through the main doors.
They followed the guards into the small council room on the main floor that his father used from time to time. Basil and Lord Lindsey were in the room, as was Medric, the captain of the guard, a tall, thin man with a beak of a nose and eyes that missed nothing. Lord Lindsey, Malin noted, was in the tweeds he usually wore for late night stints. It looked like it had been a sleepless night for all of them.
Malin waited, then it came. That half smile of approval that softened his father’s features, lighting up his blue-gray eyes. A shiver of satisfaction settled between Malin’s shoulders.
“Welcome back, Malin, Abelard.”
Basil went to Abelard and grasped his arm. “Abelard?” It was a question.
“I’m fine, Basil, just fine.” But in spite of his protestations, he sank into the nearest stuffed chair. “Just a great lump on the back of my head, and the world’s biggest headache.”
The lamps were burning low, and when Basil went to check the back of Abelard’s head, he made a huge shadow that covered not only Abelard, but Malin as well. Like the troubles that were bubbling up from the south, Malin thought.
“Bruised,” Basil announced, “but I think there’s no serious injury. There’s not even a break in the skin.”
Abelard turned wide eyes upon him. “No, just one in my mind.” They laughed together, but Abelard didn’t protest when Basil suggested he remain in the chair.
“Our other trackers are still out,” Lord Lindsey informed the group. “We’ve been waiting for word from them. Did you see them?”
Malin shook his head. “We went straight inland then south to that small cove where we lost Sir Sedron last time. We saw no one, either coming or going. But there’s a ship less than seaworthy that you might get a look at before she can sail away. Maybe you could remove the water and sail her up to Godsel. A new ship would be all to the good.”
“How did she take on water?”
“She had a little help from your friends.”
Lord Lindsey looked searchingly at Malin. “What did you do?”
“I opened a little plug below the water line. The sailors were a little distressed.”
Lord Lindsey looked at Basil and laughed. “Sounds like your studies have included the structure of ships.”
Basil smiled in return. “No. That’s all Malin. I had nothing to do with it.”
“Well, we’ll send a detail at first light. Might be nice to have a ship for our trouble. Besides, if they have some losses in their forays to our town maybe they’ll think twice about returning. And perhaps there’s something there we can learn or use.”
Word was sent to the kitchen and shortly servants brought out warm drinks and pastries which they placed on the polished wood table. As they ate, Malin and Abelard recounted the events of the night. Before they were done, dawn had come, quickly followed by the full light of morning, sifting into the room through the two windows high on the east wall.
A long night, Rilse, Malin remarked, but a good one.
Lord Lindsey had a similar thought. “Good work, my son. Good work. Hope you can get an hour’s sleep before we have to be at Roswood.”
“Roswood?” Malin echoed vaguely.
“Your eighteenth birthday is today. Remember? We’re having breakfast at Aunt Aila’s.”
Malin groaned. Morning itself would be bad enough, after no sleep and traipsing all night through the wilderness. But to have to get up and dress and be at Aunt Aila’s for breakfast, seemed too much.
“At ten,” Basil added. He cleared his throat. “And remember I’m off to the country for my annual family jaunt. I’ll just see Abelard home first. Maybe you would like to accompany me this year, Abelard? Tell the family all about your adventures first hand?”
Abelard looked up at Basil and grinned. “Maybe I would at that. Maybe I would.”
Basil slid his arms into his jacket, and helped Abelard into his coat. He nodded to Rilse and Malin, then he and Abelard were gone, with two guards from the hall to ride in the carriage with them to make sure they made it.
Malin stood looking after Basil. Birthday? Wasn’t it a birthday that had gotten Abelard into trouble? And his was at Aunt Aila’s. That was trouble. One really needed sleep before any encounters with Aunt Aila, to say nothing of Deirdre and Edgeron. He sighed. Oh, well, his father would be there. That would help.
In Tegyn, after a quick bath, he dropped into bed. Don’t let me oversleep, Rilse. My name would be mud.
Mud?
Malin was too tired to explain. His eyes closed and he was almost immediately sound asleep.
Full daylight came. Malin awoke with little clouds of fatigue floating around the edges of his sleep and a paw pushing at him. He opened one eye and closed it, thought about Basil and breakfast, then remembered. There was no Basil. Not this morning. He was away and would not be back until Sunday evening.
The paw pushed again. Better get moving. Breakfast may happen without you.
Breakfast. Malin jolted to a sitting position and turned his head to face the white wolf grinning at him from the side of the bed, just as the Academy steeple chimes sounded nine.
We mustn’t keep Aunt Aila waiting, Rilse persisted.
Malin shook his head. It was too much. Mornings after late nights, should certainly not be punctuated with thoughts of Aunt Aila. He looked at the clock. As Rilse had said, he was due at Roswood for breakfast, and he would certainly have to hustle if he were to be there on time. And to be late was unthinkable.
Rilse agreed. She would be cross.
Aunt Aila was not easily dissuaded from her fixed purposes in life, and mealtimes were some of her most fixed. Even today, on Malin’s birthday, being late was to risk the ‘wrath of Aila.’ No one could possibly digest smoked shellfish and orange rolls properly under the eye of a cross Aunt Aila.
I’ll come with you. Rilse again.
Just stay out of her sight. You know what she thinks of wolves.
She’s better now. More tolerant of wolves and you.
Malin thought about that. It was true. Things had changed for the better.
They hustled through their various toilettes. Rilse was faster. He licked his face and paws clean, waffled his ears and rotated his tail. But since it was his birthday, Malin had to dress in proper gentleman’s attire: gray striped morning coat and trousers, white shirt, blue cravat. Even so, they were soon on their way.
They chose the town route as being shorter, though Tegyn sat on the same lane as Roswood. Over the cobbled streets they went, across the bridge, taking one glimpse of the bay. Already small boats and ships dotted the harbor, ruffling its surface. They walked, for the roads were rough and carriages a bit of a misery to sit in after a long horseback ride. Soon they were traversing the tree-lined avenue that led to Roswood, and Aunt Aila.
Malin actually liked going there when Aunt Aila was away. His Uncle Seth was a mild old gentleman who never interfered, and the gardens and grounds were wonderful. In fact, just beyond the property, the woods climbed the hill toward the point, then curved to touch the wilderness that housed the castle where the troops were garrisoned, and where Malin lived before coming to town. Happy and carefree, Malin reminded himself. Yes indeed.
Malin liked Roswood if Aunt Aila and Edgeron were absent. Edgeron was a plumpish boy of ten with spectacled eyes that followed one around, eyes that were just a smaller version of Aunt Aila’s. Sometimes Malin felt like Edgeron was just crying out to be something’s lunch. Rilse, of course, was too discriminating.
Deirdre would be there, too, Malin mused. In many ways she seemed closer to being a cousin than a sister. She had picked up many of Aunt Aila’s attitudes towards Malin, including a mild dislike. However, Malin’s changed dress and table manners had begun to remedy that situation.
Malin breathed deeply. Ah, yes. It was morning, his birthday, and they were going to be on time. Rilse, too, was licking his chops and tasting bacon well before they turned down the long lane at the edge of town leading to Aunt Aila’s.
Malin reached the rather imposing front door and rang the bell just as the church chimes tolled the hour. He had made it. A little tuneless hum tickled his lips as he sat his gray top hat a little to the edge of center, straightened his shirt front, and tidied his cravat. All in all, life was good.
I’ll come through the garden. Aunt Aila will never see me.
I’ll be sitting on that side.
Jasper, Aunt Aila’s butler, opened the door and ushered him through the central hall, past the small parlor and into the dining room that opened onto the gardens. Beyond, just out of sight, the gardens met up with the woods. When breakfast was over, Rilse and Malin would disappear into those woods, not to appear again until Sunday night. It would be a holiday from studies and from town, until Basil’s return in two days’ time. For Malin, life just didn’t get any better. Rilse agreed.
The doors stood open to the garden, the sunlight streaming in, revealing the last blooms of the season, rich golds, deep reds, bright yellows, outdoing themselves before colder weather hit. Malin sat well to the edge of things, noting Rilse slipping in and under the table.
Malin braced himself, looking for Deirdre’s red hair, and found her quiet and content, seated near him in a gown of pale green. He looked for Edgeron, who was absent, miracle of miracles. Malin hardly heard the murmured excuse Uncle Seth gave, his own grin was so broad. Even Aunt Aila’s face was pleasant, and Malin could smell the smoked shellfish and orange rolls under the covered dishes on the table. His father was there, smiling whenever he saw him and probably when he didn’t; his clear eyes held the same expression as his son’s.
Malin was finished with his second plateful, smiling, humming, suspecting nothing, dreaming of happy moments in the forest with more of the current delicacies that Aunt Aila was sure to heap upon him as he left.
At that moment, Lord Lindsey cleared his throat, as if to make an announcement. Deirdre beat him to it, shattering all the gold in Malin’s world.
“Our cousin, Karis, is coming.”
Malin looked at her stupidly.
She fairly danced her enthusiasm, or would have if she had been standing.
Lord Lindsey, to Malin’s eyes, unbelievably calm in the face of such a catastrophic announcement, added, “Deirdre’s right. Your cousin Karis is coming to live in Godsel.”
“To stay with you, Malin. To live with you and Basil. Aren’t you pleased?” It was obvious Deirdre was.
“He is coming to live and study with you and Basil in Tegyn House.” Lord Lindsey’s voice was calm, unruffled.
“What about Lon?” Deirdre’s question gave Malin a moment to compose himself. Lon was Karis’ twin. “Is he coming too?”
“The king needs Lon in Heath Halls,” Lord Lindsey interposed. “Only Karis is coming.”
Karis? In Godsel? Not that dark player of magic in Malin’s trading and fishing port, his watchtowers, his golden woods. His very home. Why here? Basil understood psychology and people and manners like nobody he ever knew, thought Malin, but Karis had probably known that all his life in the northern seat of power at Mythro. True, Basil was a great scholar as well, but again Karis had access to tutors and scholars in Mythro. Why would he come here?
The delight in Deirdre’s green eyes as she told Malin the news, beating her father to the punch, found no echo within Malin.
“Live with me?” Malin wasn’t stupid, but in moments of great shock and distress the brain slows.
“To live with you.” Malin’s father confirmed the news.
“When will he get here?” Deirdre had to ask. Malin conceded she could be a thorn in his side, a blot on the white paper of his life, but she was a minor irritation compared to his dark cousin with the magic arts. If Karis was really coming to stay for any length of time, Malin felt he was doomed.
They had really only spent time together once. Karis and his family had come down in early June five years ago. But Malin thought, remembering, it would be difficult to imagine that they had anything in common. They were already opposites even back then. Then Malin was back, reliving that moment.

At thirteen, Malin was focused on action. At twelve, a year younger, Karis was withdrawn, a thinker. Malin was big for his age, fair haired with blue eyes. Karis was smaller, wiry, with dark hair and eyes that seemed almost black.
Lon had come, too, but he fell ill so Malin had to play host for Karis. However, they had little to say to one another. The awkwardness became so great that Malin finally suggested they go riding. At least he could talk to his horse.
Afterwards, Malin was never sure what made him do it. Perhaps it was Karis’ shadowed eyes and vague manner, but suddenly he was angry. Karis had been his competition all his life. His sister never let him hear the end of the tales that were told of Karis and his magic; she was continually urging Malin to go and do likewise.
So Malin sent a picture to Karis’ horse of the cool waters of Piper’s Stream, of the sweet grass that grew especially thick around its edges. A picture minus a rider on his back. It was just a little stream, not enough water to hurt Karis, just enough to break his fall. Payback for all those accolades heaped upon Karis in Malin’s presence.
But Malin didn’t reckon with Karis’ magic. He sped after Karis on his horse, wanting to see the fun. Karis was tossed off and the horse stood quietly eating and drinking, as if nothing had happened. It took almost no effort. And when Malin dismounted, a solicitous look arranged carefully across his face, he could see Karis was lying under the water, his dark blue clothes made darker by the water, just lying there, with the stream flowing over his face, as if it were the thing to do. He lay stretched out flat three inches beneath the water, motionless.
Malin wondered at first if Karis had been knocked out, but when he reached Karis, and lifted his head above water, it was as if Karis were not there, and as if Malin were not there. And suddenly he wasn’t. He was falling into Karis’ eyes.
Helpless, he stared, stared until his eyes were dry and the pupils dilated with effort. It seemed hours before he could pull away. When he finally was able to look around, he was in a gray place, misty with rain, or low clouds, or smoke. Out of the corner of his eye, Malin caught movement. Something was coming up from behind.
He wheeled around to face whatever it was, then noticed that more things were coming at him from all directions, indistinct forms whose outlines held a specific shape for a moment, and then shifted to another. They were like nothing he had ever seen or even heard about, and why they should try to hob nob with him was more than he could fathom.
It was like being in the stream, only the gray stuff flowed over Malin from all directions, icy not only on the outside but on the inside as well. That muscle between the shoulder blades in his back that bunched when he was in a tight place was really cramping. It made him want to turn to see what was behind and keep turning, like a dancer or a chicken on a spit.
He wanted to run, but there was no place to go. And then he saw Karis. This world suited Karis. Just like him to be in such a place. And then Malin figured it out. Somehow Karis had brought Malin with him and they were in Fainra, the Spirit Walks, which mages frequented and would-be mages longed to see. For the life of him, Malin couldn’t understand why. Then Karis vanished, lost again in the mists.
One mass, larger than the rest, headed towards Malin, like a wave ready to swamp him. He opened and closed his mouth, like a fish in air, noiselessly drowning, or like Karis in the stream back in the real world. Just as the wave reached him, it broke and there was Karis. He came towards Malin, his face made of the same formless stuff, until he got close. Then Malin could see Karis had more substance.
“What are they?” Malin asked, and shuddered, as a particularly large shadow drifted through him.
“Shades.”
“All of them?”
“Most.” Karis was a veritable fount of information. He couldn’t contain his desire to verbalize.
“We’re in the Spirit Walks?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“You came with me.”
Malin wanted to ask more, to demand real and solid explanations. Somehow, it seemed neither the time nor the place. He found himself wanting to punch Karis, to discover if he was real or some fabrication of a dark mage sent to torment him for his anger and unbelief, or for making Karis fall into the stream. Briefly, he wondered if they had both drowned back in Piper’s Stream.
Malin cleared his throat, very loudly from Karis’ reaction.
Shh. Here you just have to think and I’ll get it. The last part was not spoken. Malin lifted his eyes to find Karis looking at him. To speak is to call attention to yourself and you don’t want to do that. Karis gestured at the darker shadows around us. They would like to move into your skin with you. How would you like to have that huge shape over there merge with you?
Malin wondered why he had ever wanted Karis to speak. His comments were far worse than Malin’s imaginings. Besides, waves of shadows were coming toward them, as if they were the bait and the shades had not eaten for a long time.
Not all are dead. Some are like us, still living somewhere.
Malin hoped they were still living, that they had not drowned in the stream.
Others have yet to be born. But most are dead.
Malin stumbled forward into the drifts of mists and shadows, towards Karis. He reached out to touch him and shuddered when he found not only nothing solid to touch, but that he had nothing solid to touch with.
He tried to count the ‘things,’ but there was no rational way to assimilate what was happening. He closed his eyes, longing for the cold stream and the horses beside it. He wanted something real and solid, no matter what it was. Except for Karis. If Karis was going to keep company with such things, then they were definitely on a parting course.
Malin could feel tendrils of ice exploring his edges. Surely there would be a break in the shapes soon. But no. They were completely surrounded. Some forms were dark, almost opaque. Others were thinner, almost transparent. They seemed endless and hungry, pouring upon him as if he were a river bed and the shapes a flash flood. Get me out of here, Malin begged.
Karis turned back to him. Look at me and hang on. Malin was doing his best to hang on. Looking at Karis had gotten him into this mess, but if looking at Karis would get him out, why then his eyes would be locked to Karis like a railroad car to its engine.
Suddenly Karis shook him. Malin, look at me! Look into my eyes. Obediently, Malin looked at him. He wasn’t much to look at, really, if you - Karis shook him once more, until he focused his eyes and really looked at Karis. At the eyes that could pull you into another world and, Malin suddenly and fervently hoped, back again.

Then they were both back in the forests of Westra, sitting in the cold of the stream, the sunlight warm about them. Malin was still holding Karis out of the water, Karis of the black eyes and hair, and they were both soaked and shivering, for the water came from the melting snows in the high hills. But Malin was colder.
He scrambled away from Karis, from his magic and other worlds that could freeze the life out of you. His eyes looked anywhere, except at his cousin. Neither one of them spoke on their ride back. Malin almost wanted to confess his part in the accident, but it didn’t seem as if Karis was even aware that it had happened. It was as if Karis had checked out before the horse had thrown him.
And what if Deirdre found out? Malin could just hear the scorn in her voice retelling the incident. She was always quick to point out what she thought were hisweaknesses.
“Did you hear?” she would say. “Malin says he told the horse to throw Karis. Told the horse! Can you believe it? Some people will do anything to be noticed.” So Malin kept silent on the road home.
Karis, too, was silent. He was pale and reeling, clinging grimly to the saddle. And even when he reached the stables and the grooms took away his horse, Karis accepted the blanket they flung around him without a word and stumbled to his rooms. Malin had heard magic was draining, but whatever the reason, Karis didn’t leave his rooms until time to return to Heath Halls in Mythro two days later.
As for Malin, he had slept through the night and well into the next morning and awoke ravenous and refreshed and ready for anything. Well, almost anything. He vowed he would have no more to do with magic, ever.
Now Karis was returning, this time to live with me, Malin thought. If our first encounter was anything to judge by, it would not be much fun for either of us.
Malin brought himself back to the present, to Deirdre’s question and his father’s answer.
“The message doesn’t say when he is coming, just that he is coming,” his father commented.
You’re not pleased. It was a comment, not a question. And the voice in Malin’s head might have been smug. It was, of course, Rilse.
He glanced down at the wolf by his feet.
“Pleased? Pleased? Of course I’m pleased!” Malin was so disturbed he forgot to speak underneath. His voice was angry and he snapped off his words as if they were dry branches being broken up for kindling. The table went silent. Uncle Seth, Aunt Aila, who had been busy giving the serving people instructions, Deirdre, his father and even the serving steward turned to Malin. Malin suddenly realized he had spoken aloud.
“About Karis,” he stuttered, and stuffed his mouth with a roll.
Upset, are we. Maybe he will come three or four seasons away.
Ah. A small glimmer of hope. Malin brightened. Maybe Karis would come next year. Or the next. Maybe he would be a small dot on the horizon that never really got any bigger. Not likely.
Of course I’m upset. Who wouldn’t be? To have Karis come live near me, sleep in the same manor, share my studies, meals, recreation time. The picture was too much. Malin couldn’t continue. Karis was coming to stay.



Chapter 6


As her last note died away, a young girl, perhaps fifteen, waited for the verdict of the tribe, motionless on the rock that had been her chair, still bowed over her silver harp. But she only seemed to be waiting. Instead, she was staring at the frame of her silver harp. Had she seen it change while she played? Had she seen hints of delicate designs appear on its surface as she played? She closed her eyes tightly, then opened them again. Nothing.
She must have been mistaken. It must have been the swirls of smoke from the fire that a breeze had flung at her eyes. It was evening and the last rays of the sun still streaked the sky, spilling through the branches of trees that were losing their leaves to the coming fall.
She sat still, weighed by the silence of her large audience, for almost the whole tribe was seated in a semi-circle around the burning fire. It was the fall Fire Circle that marked the end of summer and the beginning of winter. It was that time of decay and dormancy that the Jandos attributed to the goddess Altorna.
Slowly, Myrrha’s hands dropped from the strings, while she surreptitiously watched her audience through dark lashes, eyes half closed. Close by her, to her left, was seated the headman. If he liked her playing, the rest would follow. If he disapproved, so would the others and musical contributions to the tribe would be over before they had really begun.
She stood and shook back her shoulder length dark hair out of her face, away from her intense blue eyes. She bowed to the headman once, then to her audience three times. Only her left hand, tracing and retracing the shoulder strap to her harp, betrayed her nervousness. Her dress of coarse fabric accentuated the fine bones of her body. She looked out of place among the larger boned, heavier, hill race of the Jandos. Her fair skin, blue eyes and black hair marked her as an outlander among the tribe of brown-eyed, sandy-haired folk.
She tensed as she felt, rather than saw, the headman pick up the stick that he used both for walking and as a symbol of his office. If he flung it down before her, the vote was no. If he pounded the ground with it, then he approved. The others would likely follow his lead, though they were not constrained to do so. Time slowed as she waited.
Deliberately the headman raised his stick into the air, held it motionless for what seemed to be forever, then he brought it down firmly, to pound the ground beside him. Let others follow him, she thought. At least a few more. A handful raised their sticks and brought them down to smack the earth beside them. Then others followed, and others, until almost the whole tribe was participating in the rhythmic pounding and the chant of acceptance.
Tears sprang to Myrrha’s eyes, behind carefully lowered lashes; the Jandos were pleased. She had not really dared to hope for this moment. She had learned a couple of their songs, which she had played and sung at earlier fire gatherings, but tonight she had sung and played her own creations, and they were accepted. In fact they were approved, even praised. Perhaps she could touch their hearts, the rough hill people seated about her. As a musician she would enjoy more acceptance, more honor in the tribe, though she was not yet an adult.
She carefully kept all emotion from her face, blinking away the moisture from her eyes. Emotions had little value among the Jandos. She looked around at the fire gathering. Almost, for the first time since Samlt had fished Myrrha and her mother from the flood waters of the river ten years ago, she felt as if she belonged.
She had been about five when their boat was swamped and she and her mother were swept away in the torrent, far from family and friends, to the shores of the Jandos. No one could have expected the waters to carry them so far; searchers never found them. Here, they were outlanders, objects of scorn and little cruelties. But tonight she was happy.
She removed the harp and placed it carefully in its dark leather wrappings. As she finished tying the leather cords, she noticed the children just younger than she leave the circle and disappear into the forest. Even tonight, they would be waiting for her, the outsider, with sticks and stones in their hands to help her on her way home.
But tonight she didn’t care. They had liked her music. She lingered a little about the fire, relishing her rare moment of happiness, for who knew when she might experience another. She found herself unwilling to return to her mother and the rude hut they shared with Samlt, the burly woodcutter.
The hut, just beyond the village on the edge of the forest, belonged to Samlt, as did they. He was off in the forest cutting wood, and her mother would be at home waiting alone for her supper. But somehow after the response to her music, it was doubly hard for Myrrha to return to the ramshackle hut with the dirt floor, to the vacant-eyed woman who never spoke, or even saw her.
Before the river, she remembered a woman who laughed and hugged her, who told her stories, who smelled like flowers and who sang. The river had not only taken them from their home and family, it had stolen the spirit of her mother as well. She did not even recognize Myrrha and had no connection to the world about her.
Myrrha looked down and noticed that her hands had finished their task without her volition. With a small sigh she slung the harp on her left shoulder, then with a nod from the headman she was on her way. She knew that just out of earshot of their parents the young people were waiting. She had long ago learned to deal with them.
Reaching out, she gathered the small, quiet sounds of the forest and pulled them to her, swirling them about her as she walked, almost like a cloak. Then she added the larger sounds of her walking, her breathing, the sounds of the wind that was increasing as night came on. They would not see her; they would not feel her pass by, unless they walked right into her, which would be difficult since the swirling seemed to shift objects as she approached.
They would wait at the fork in the path, where one way led upwards to the deeper woods of firs and pines, mixed with aspens that thinned out again on the high hills. The other led to the small hut of Samlt, just a short way from the river which was now wide and slow, though in the spring, it had been swollen and swift with the rains and the run off from the snow-laden hills.
The young people never approached Samlt’s hut near the Jandillo River. That was adult territory and forbidden. But if they found Myrrha out of the presence of adults, and not in Samlt’s territory, she was fair game. She smiled ruefully, remembering the bruises and cuts she had acquired at first, as well as the stones she had flung, the branches she had wielded, until she learned about the sound cloak. It was easier now. Though sometimes she wanted to pound her fists on something, to strike out at the world that had served her such a turn.
She started off towards the hut and her mother, but suddenly, she decided not to pass by her tormentors. Not tonight, this special night, during which she had triumphed, if only for a moment. She would go further south into the woods and come through the longer way, and avoid them. Her mother would be indifferent, and there was no one else who cared.
Tonight she wanted to savor her singing, her playing, the sound of the chanting and the approval that came after. She wanted to remember how the harp had sounded; she wanted to decide if her voice should be louder as she began, perhaps softer as she ended.
Dusk fell as she went; stars appeared in the sky above her, their light distant and dim. She stopped and gazed for a time, wondering what was beyond the stars. Did any live there? Did they know or care about people?
Bemused, she went even further than she had meant to and found herself circling back to Samlt’s clearing, her footsteps quickening as she went. Her mother should have been given food long ago, though she never seemed to care whether she ate or not. In fact, she would not even acknowledge her daughter’s presence, except to eat a little of the food that was placed in her hands.
Myrrha’s first sign that something was amiss was the shouting, a man’s voice raised in anger, punctuated by a woman’s cries. Samlt’s voice. He was not to have come home for two or three more days, but she knew his voice. The woman’s cries were strange to her.
She scraped past the last of the trees and entered the clearing in a rush, almost stumbling against the empty wood cart that stood in her way, drawing back just in time, grabbing its side to steady her. The fire pit was directly before her, but the fire was almost out, though the embers still glowed with enough light to make visible the dark figure of Samlt as he shoved a smaller, slighter figure out of the hut and across the clearing.
Samlt was ill-tempered at the best of times, and to find the fire out and no food waiting would set him off. Besides, the cart was empty. The cart that he pulled with him to load with wood should have been at least half full. He must have been set upon and his wood stolen. New tribes had come into the area during the late summer, ones who were not willing to trade for their wood.
But what hurt her heart were the strange cries of the woman, for she suddenly realized she was hearing her mother, Reiha, after ten years of silence. Samlt held a stout stick and before she knew what he was about, he raised it and struck her mother, raining two blows in quick succession on the woman’s back and head, causing her to stagger and fall. Samlt raised his stick for yet a third blow, when he heard Myrrha’s shout.
“No! No!” She raced for him, put herself between the man and her mother, hanging on the arm that clutched the stick. “Don’t hit her. Don’t!”
Samlt stared down at the slight figure tugging on his arm. He turned to her and raised his stick. When she just stood there, her face raised to his, white in the darkness, eyes blazing, he lowered his arm. His anger seemed to leave him as quickly as it had come. He threw the stick aside and limped to the bench beside the outside wall of the hut, growling and muttering to himself.
But Myrrha found herself filled with a fury she did not know she possessed. Already, at least in her mind’s eye, she could see bruises forming on her mother. And who knew how many blows she had not seen? Myrrha stood, shaking with anger. If Samlt had continued she would have... she did not know what she would have done. Something. But Samlt’s rage was over. It was as if her shout had drained him.
All Myrrha’s happiness fell about her in fragments. She didn’t belong here. She could never belong to such a people as this. She refused to belong. Her resolve, spoken so many times over the years, freed itself from where she had wrestled it down and bound it. Her mother had not been able to leave with her, and she had refused to leave without her. Maybe this time. She didn’t finish the thought, even to herself.
Her mother was struggling to rise and Myrrha turned to help her, assisting her across the clearing, away from Samlt and his brutish ways. She helped Reiha to lie there, at the clearing’s edge, hidden by the tall grass. Reiha’s face was whiter than usual, her eyes huge surrounded by long, dark hair. But Myrrha could swear that they really saw her for the first time since the river.
“I’ll be back,” she whispered, wondering if her mother could hear her, could understand. “Rest here and stay out of sight.”
Samlt’s rough voice harassed her. “Fix food. And see ta thet light.” Samlt’s foot stirred the lantern beside the bench. “And ye’ve let the fire die too low. What good are yeh? Answer me thet. I should ‘ave left yeh in t’ river.” Myrrha had often wished he had.
When the floods brought her and her mother to the shores of Jandillo, the villagers had warned Samlt, “They will bring you harm, better leave them to die.” But he had insisted the woman should be his. He had seen something in her, something no one else owned. Delicate and fair-skinned the woman was, her hair silky and almost blue-black, her eyes so dark when you looked at them you were surprised that they were blue. The child was a miniature version of the mother. They were both small and fine-featured; their clothing smooth and soft, though bedraggled. The woman had a great bruise on her temple and on her back was a silver harp, wrapped in dark leather.
Samlt wanted her, the woman. He had no woman, and this one could be his without a dowry. He had no concern for the young child and would have abandoned her, but the mother stirred his curiosity. He would be someone with her as his woman.
He had picked her up easily, as one would a child, and made as if to leave. But the woman, Reiha, roused herself and cried out in a strange tongue and seemed so distressed he took the child also. A willing woman was easier to live with. So he put them both in his cart and wheeled his strange load home to his rude hut on the edge of the forest, just outside the village.
They had recovered, the woman and her child, and lived with Samlt in his hut. The child seemed about five, though small for her years. They lived in a strange silence, for the woman never spoke, let alone learned Samlt’s language. She was vague and dull of spirit, as if something was broken. After her first outcries for the child, she seemed to lose all awareness of the external world, never reacting to it or even the child again. She would sit huddled in a corner, motionless and silent, staring at something only she could see. She responded to nothing except to eat and sleep, both infrequently. Even sudden noises brought no response, nor did the occasional blow from Samlt.
The adults came to ‘pay their respects’ to Samlt’s wife, and Samlt found she had become a source of jeers and knowing looks. In the beginning, Reiha bore the brunt of the village’s cruelty, its rage at the elements and the misfortunes of their primitive lives. Even the children came to taunt her, but eventually, when there was no response, they tired of the game.
The child, Myrrha, was a quick little thing and as she grew, in spite of her prior hard experiences, she exhibited far more spunk than her mother. Often she would seize a rock or stick to hurl at her mother’s persecutors, so the attention shifted to her. She came to bear the brunt of the villagers’ ill will.
In the hut, it fell to Myrrha to fix food and do the household chores. She watched Samlt and other women of the tribe working about their tasks. She learned how to build a fire and keep it going, how to make the flat black bread of the tribe that was one of their staple foods, how to sweep out a hut and burn the refuse.
And the universe had come to her aid, it seemed. When she was seven, she had been hiding in the woods one day in early June, hearing the snapped branches and the jeering voices of the children who followed. She was desperate not to be found. Two days before they had found her by herself at the edge of the village, only they were no longer content to throw things at her from a distance, where she could run or dodge. They were right upon her. Her little body was shadowed with bruises and cuts from that encounter. She couldn’t face another.
On that long-ago day, they were between her and the hut, and suppertime was close. Samlt left her alone as long as she kept the fire and fed him his supper. She worried about being beaten again, but most of all she worried about the harp she held, out of its leather bindings. What if they harmed it, or stole it and threw it in the river as they had threatened? She had to get home. They had not seen her yet, but if she moved, they would find her. She had been playing and lost track of time. She reached up her left hand, nervously fingering the leather strap that kept the harp slung on her shoulder, and with her right she clutched the harp tightly to her.
Myrrha had been fascinated by her mother’s harp and played with it from their earliest days in the hut. She wasn’t sure at what point the notes and sounds turned into music, but they did. And when she created sounds, she could leave her difficult world and journey anywhere she wished. Her music gave her wings and new worlds to explore, as well as a source of strength to bear the one she was trapped in.
She seemed to have a special feel for the harp, and her voice was clear and sweet, her notes true. She would linger about the edges of the fire circles, just out of sight, and listen to the tales they told, the songs they sang, listening until she learned the music and could sing their songs herself. Sound was her element, and she had acquired even their language quickly.
The headman had heard her singing and playing one day and invited her to sit at their circles. That made her life easier. The adults were more disposed to be kindly towards her, especially the women, sometimes giving her things they no longer needed, showing her how to use them. But little of the change in attitude filtered down to the children, and though she might not be an enemy, neither was she a friend.
On that day, suddenly, it seemed as if she could hear the real sounds of things, their true sounds, their own inner melodies. Not really knowing what she did, she placed her harp in front of her, her mind playing the strings. Her ears reached out to the forest around her, her mind fingers gathered its sounds to her, piling them up between her and her tormentors. In a flash of knowing, she swirled the sounds about her, and waited, as still as if she were rooted to the spot, safe behind her fortress. Her would-be tormentors found no trace of her, and in disgust gave up, passed by her and returned to the village. She could have touched them, but they neither saw nor heard her, nor sensed her presence.
She breathed a sigh of relief, realizing that she had a new tool in her fight for survival. Myrrha had no idea how or why it worked; she just knew it did, and she was grateful. She looked down at the real harp she held, and caught her breath. There was movement there, she thought. Designs swirling in the depths of the curved silver frame. She shook her head and looked again. Nothing. Quickly she replaced the harp in its leather frame and hastened to the woodcutter’s hut.
Samlt, for the most part, seemed indifferent or unaware of the treatment accorded Myrrha by the villagers, for good or for ill. In fact he seemed not to notice her and would probably have driven both her and her mother from the hut except for Myrrha’s cleaning and cooking.
For his woman was not what he had hoped. The fineness he had first seen in Myrrha’s mother, the quick fire within her, had long since died away. Her body was limp and flaccid to the touch, her eyes vacant. So he tolerated their presence and left them alone. However, he too, reaped rewards from Myrrha’s playing. The villagers treated him with more respect and no longer jeered at him behind his back.
In the beginning, Myrrha had urged her mother to leave, to take them home, but Reiha did not hear or understand. And Myrrha could not, then would not, go without her. But tonight, her mother had broken her long silence. Forced by the blows from Samlt, it was true, but still broken it. What would it mean?
Myrrha was conscious of the ragged breath, the low moans of her mother, but she went to work on supper. She would not risk Samlt’s anger again. She passed close to him once, and he grasped her tightly by the forearm, cuffed her on the side of the head, and pointed out the small smoky mess still struggling to be a fire in the fire pit. The fire had died down so low that only a few embers still glowed faintly; the outer ones were cold and black.
“Tend the fire.”
Myrrha glanced at the dying fire, using it as an excuse to turn her head away from Samlt. One day he would pay for the blows to her mother.
“Outlanders.” Samlt almost spat the word, like a curse. Myrrha felt the bitter tide of anger rise within her. They had not asked for the existence Samlt had forced upon them. But she said nothing, just went about restoring the fire and making the evening meal in her usual silence. She could do nothing at the moment for Reiha, and they would all need food.
Her mother sat a long distance away, almost at the edge of the woods. With a start of surprise, Myrrha saw that Reiha had picked up the harp that Myrrha had dropped when she arrived and was stroking the leather case. Slowly Reiha opened it and stared down at the harp itself.
“Stop standin’ there, girl. Git a move on.” Samlt could not see Myrrha’s mother, who was out of his sight lines. “Man works all day fer what? No food, no fire. What good are yuh? Outlanders.” He stared at Myrrha, until she turned back to the fire.
His words roused Myrrha. She had not seen her mother really look at anything since the river, but she didn’t dare call Samlt’s attention to her, not in his present mood. She felt the stirrings of a wild hope, and she could hardly complete her tasks. She forced herself to focus on the fire, but her cheeks were flushed and her eyes bright.
Samlt stared at Myrrha, at her bright eyes, her cheeks with the hint of color in them. She suddenly seemed different, this bratty little kid that did the work around the place. As if a pot or a piece of wood had come to life, he seemed to see Myrrha for the first time. He stared, his eyes narrow, watching her, her quick hands, the grace of her movements.
She felt his eyes begin to follow her. She lifted her head from her preparations and found them fixed upon her. She ducked her head and went back to work. Could he see her mother? What would he do if Reiha was back to herself? If her mind had been restored? What would Reiha do? Would they finally be able to leave?
Myrrha glanced over to her mother, who had enclosed the harp once more in its dark leather bindings, and set it just under the edge of the trees, where it could not be seen unless you knew what you were looking for.
Oh, would this dinner never be over? Myrrha fancied she saw a great bruise forming on her mother’s forehead, fancied she had been hurt and needed her. She was sure of it when she saw her mother lie back in the tall grass beside the harp, just under the beginning branches of the forest.
She brought Samlt his supper, her mind in a fever of anticipation about her mother. She did not notice he was still watching her. He watched while she ate, looking over to where she sat on the ground close to the fire, feeding it from time to time. He watched while she cleaned up, not really aware of what she did.
The woman had been a disappointment, Samlt thought. But the daughter. Why had he not seen she was now a woman? Besides, she owed him much. They both did. Even their lives. The woman had been a burden long enough. No man was required to put up with what he had.
Now the daughter. She, too, was his. She belonged to him, for he had rescued her from the river. Village taboos did not hold for outlanders, so he reasoned. Besides, the woman had been a wife to him in name only. They owed him. They could begin to pay.
Myrrha was able to take Reiha a little dinner on the pretense of calling Samlt’s dog to eat a few scraps, knowing the dog was long gone on a hunting expedition of his own. Her mother caught her hand and squeezed. Only so much as that but Myrrha could hardly wait. When Samlt had gone inside the hut, she would go to her mother and she would look at Myrrha and smile in the old way, and hug her close. Perhaps she would even play the harp. Perhaps -
She came back to the moment. The meal was finally over. She rose, gathered the dishes, and washed them in the water she had been heating at the edge of the fire, holding them up to the fire light as she did so, for full dark had come. The coals glowed in the clearing, creating light and shadows. Myrrha’s face reflected its movement, her eyes half shut against the smoke that the breeze kept shifting.
Further away from the fire and the smoke, both Samlt and her mother were part of the darkness. The hut was a deeper, more defined blackness made darker by the small pool of light the lantern cast besides its door. Off in the night sky, a few lone birds called to one another, their cries soft and distant.
Myrrha finished washing up, threw out the wash water at the far edge of the clearing, where its wetness would disturb no one, the sound of its falling loud in the stiff silence about her. With one arm she carried their few wooden dishes to where the lantern sat by Samlt. Collecting it, she elbowed the door of the hut open and entered to put away what she carried, placing the lantern on the small table beside the door. Busy with her task and her thoughts, Myrrha didn’t see the large shadow that was Samlt rise and follow her into the hut, until he closed the door solidly behind him.
Reiha heard the door and looked up as a thin cry from her daughter reached her ears, along with the thud of wooden plates dropping on the earthen floor. Then came a full scream. Though bruised and weak, Reiha scrambled to her feet, stumbled and staggered into the clearing, narrowly avoiding the fire pit. She struggled on, swaying and breathless, her hand moving in the air before her face.
The sun had set long ago, but to Reiha the night seemed black indeed, made blacker by the red edge of the embers in the fire pit, the single spark that snapped upward only to disappear, as Myrrha had disappeared, into the blackness behind the closed door. The last blaze of the log made long fingers of shadow that reached for the door, one that seemed to wrap itself about the woman, stretching with her as she swayed, then it fizzled and died down.
Reiha stopped, held motionless while the hut door burst open and Samlt was shoved back and back and still back, by some force that could not be seen. One moment Samlt was pummeled by sound, the next he was a living torch, flames rising all about him, roaring upwards into the night sky, he, himself the source of the fire.
Those villagers living closest to Samlt’s hut heard screams that night. Then came a wind of sound that whirled around them, pushed them, and allowed them no space to breathe. Screams riding on the wind were flung into their faces. When the wind and sounds ceased, they raced to the village edge, down the short stretch of trail to Samlt’s clearing, where his body burned, held motionless and upright by some force beyond their understanding. Across from him, the hut door swung back and forth, moving without hands. Myrrha stood motionless just within. Reiha swayed beside the fire.
What had happened to Samlt? Had he been blown backwards through the clearing to catch fire from the fire pit? A stray spark flying upward? Mother and daughter stumbled to each other and huddled together, their eyes fixed on Samlt in horror. Though burning, he did not move. It was as if his feet were fixed to the earth. He swayed, but did not fall. Those who came first would later swear he was hexed there. And why did both mother and daughter just stand, watching him burn?
Myrrha’s face was bleeding and her seki, the shapeless dress of the tribe’s young women, was torn. But there was something else. Her eyes were glazed, as if she were not truly there. Almost they had the vacant look that had been her mother’s. Reiha, on the other hand, stood upright, white-faced and swaying, but upright, with a low moan coming from her lips. Her eyes were wide with seeing.
The flames of Samlt’s burning suddenly subsided, and his blackened body fell to the earth. The headman rushed to his side, but he was already dead. The hut itself was still intact; Samlt’s only lantern had been put out as it fell into the dirt. There was no fire out of control, just Samlt. Yet lingering in the air past the stench of Samlt’s burned flesh was a strange acrid smell, a burning the villagers at first could not place. Then it came to them. It was the smell that hung in the air after lightning had struck. But there had been no storm, no rain. Who among them could call down the lightning?
The villagers stared at the outlanders and slowly backed away. Then as one body, they turned and scurried from the dead body of Samlt. Witches. Outlander witches. Wide-eyed, the villagers turned back on the edge of the clearing, staring at Samlt, at Myrrha and Reiha, then they fled back to their homes in the village.
With daylight, their courage returned and so did they, to a fire-blackened clearing, and the cold ashes of the fire pit. Samlt’s body was there, a blanket over the figure with the hands crossed on the chest.
“Comes of takin’ up with outlanders,” one man muttered to another. The villagers had no special love for Samlt, but he was one of them. The women were gone, vanished into the forest.
“Them and their magic. Dark magic.” Used on one of their own.
The wails of the Jandos women lifted, the ritual mourning had begun. The villagers of Jandos would observe the death rituals, bury Samlt, then their men would seek the outlander women. And vengeance.



Chapter 7


After the villagers fled, Myrrha stood frozen to the floor of the hut. Even when Reiha went to her and took her arm, it was as if she had forgotten how to walk. When her mother led her to the bench, Myrrha only sat there while Reiha wiped the blood from the scratches on her face, noting the deep red blotches on the coarse brown fibers of Myrrha’s dress.
“Myrrha, Myrrha.” Reiha shook her daughter, trying to bring her back to the moment. “Myrrha. They are afraid. They will be back.”
Myrrha’s eyes moved to rest on her mother, and her mother watched Myrrha’s mind slide back behind them. Danger, Myrrha thought. Her senses were numb; her body unresponsive. Danger. Yes, Samlt was dead. How, she didn’t know. She could remember gathering the force that pushed him out the door, but beyond that she had no memories. Had she set Samlt on fire? Was her anger the flames that licked about him, making him a shrieking torch until he died?
“Mother,” her hands reached for Reiha.
“We must go, Myrrha. Before they return.”
Myrrha shook herself, took back her hands from her mother’s and moved them across her face, as if wiping off a dream, or a nightmare. Together they extinguished the fire and covered Samlt’s body with a blanket. The dead deserved some courtesy. They gathered food and water, took the remaining blanket and the harp, and fled, following the river.
Her mother moved with difficulty; the blows had left their mark. But move and act she could. Something about the trauma of the river, or a blow from its debris, had robbed her mother of her senses. Now trauma and Samlt’s blows had brought it back. But it was almost as if mother and daughter had exchanged places; Myrrha trailed woodenly after her mother, eyes glazed and vacant.
But gradually feeling, then reason, returned to Myrrha. If only she had not lingered at the circle, not taken the longer way through the woods this night, the man might still be alive. They had not really cared for him, nor he them. But she hadn’t wanted him dead. But what had happened? She shivered. What was the truth? September nights could be cold, but both she and her mother knew her shiver was not from the cold.
But then her mother would still be caught in the strange place she had lived, somewhere between death and life, and in neither of them. Myrrha shook back her hair and squared her shoulders. No. She could not live in the land of ‘if.’ She could only deal with what was. She touched her mother’s arm, passed her and took the lead.
At the river they turned right, taking the trail that swung north, then eventually curved with the river to the west. They couldn’t risk going any closer to the village. Besides, the river, if they followed it long enough, would take them home, wherever that was.
Myrrha didn’t know the surrounding land, but she knew the river. It was at the heart of the life of the hill people, their source of water, food, and a means of travel. Myrrha had hauled water from that river, caught fish, dug tubers from the plants along the banks, and gathered wood nearby for fires.
She had watched the villagers sail their small wooden boats with a heavy fascination, watched their boats hug the shore in the spring and fall rains when the river was a torrent, watched them play on its wide slow surface in the mellow summer months. Over and over Myrrha had relived her catastrophic ride down-river. The river was the enemy that had brought them here. Perhaps it would be the friend that took them back.
The moon was high in the sky now, giving them light to travel by. It was not full, but a sharp crescent of light that pierced Myrrha to the heart. She felt as if the skies turned a cold eye upon her, judging her, blaming her. If she had killed a man, it was a terrible thing. But he was doing a terrible thing. Still, to take a life and in such a manner. How could she ever forget his cries, so filled with agony? How could she shut out of her mind the fiery torch he had become? And if she had burned him, was it possible such a thing could happen again? What could she do to prevent it?
Myrrha did not know how long they walked, but she roused when her mother tripped on a branch in the path and fell. That stirred Myrrha to awareness, more than anything else could. They were not able to walk all night, no matter how great their need. They would have to rest before day drove them on again. Tonight at least they could rest without fear, for the villagers would not follow until they had buried Samlt the following day.
The hunt would begin then. The two women would have only half a day’s head start, and the Jandos were trackers and hunters, used to the elements and weather. The last ten years Myrrha’s mother had huddled in a dark hut, unmoving, not speaking. She was not prepared for a frantic flight uphill with hunters following.
Busy with her thoughts, Myrrha did not hear the sounds of the two young boys doing some midnight fishing along the edge of the river until they were right upon them. The trees there had already dropped most of their leaves, and there was little cover between the path and the water’s edge. In a panic Myrrha stopped, her touch warning her mother to silence. They didn’t look like the young boys of the Jandos, but they couldn’t risk being seen and leaving a clear trail behind.
She went to work, weaving the night sounds, the soft voices of the two boys, the faint hooting of an owl, carried far in the chill air, the murmur of the river, and the higher sounds of the water moved by fishing poles, even their breathing, and the gentle rustle of what leaves remained. These sounds Myrrha drew to her, casting them about her and her mother like a cloak, swirling sound into a shield she wrapped close. Then they passed by the boys, almost touching close in the pale light. As they came abreast, one young boy with round eyes and shoulders tight with excitement had turned to the other. “A fish!”
Myrrha could have reached out like a branch and scratched him, trailing her nails like twigs across his skin, hooting like an owl at the same time, and he would not have known she was there. But she had not known they were there, either, until it was almost too late. She must pay better attention in the future or both their lives could be lost. They walked quite a distance before Myrrha released her shield.
When they were safe once more, her mother touched her hand and whispered, “What are these powers that you have?”
Myrrha replied also in a whisper, for who knew who else might be out in the night? “Sound powers, Mother. At least that’s what I think. It started with the harp. Then I learned I could use small sounds, then large sounds to build a shield of invisibility around me. Around us,” she corrected herself. “Around us.”
“How did you learn to use them?”
Myrrha explained, basking in the pride in her mother’s voice, feeling a warmth rise up and spread from her chest to her limbs and head. “First it was a case of have to, now I can do it when I choose,” she finished. “It’s like playing the harp with mind fingers.”
“Well it saved us tonight, and will again in the days to come. Do you have other powers?”
Myrrha felt a quick coldness replace the warmth. Did she have other powers? Had she burned up Samlt? “Not really.”
“What about the harp?”
“Well, just my music.” Myrrha could play the harp like it was a living thing, though she could remember no lessons before their wild ride down-river. In fact she could remember very little of any life before the floods had swept them into Jandos territory.
They continued on until they were both stumbling with weariness. Myrrha stopped and looked around. There was a fallen tree not too far from the path. “We could shelter there for a few hours and sleep.”
“Can you cover us with your sound cloak?”
“Yes, for a time. It will fade away in a few hours if I do nothing more.”
They settled themselves and lay close, covered with the blanket they had taken from Samlt’s hut. “Mother?” Myrrha’s voice was tentative. “What happened to Samlt? Why did he burn?”
There was a long silence. When next her mother spoke, Myrrha thought her tone was strange, higher than usual, tight and sharp, the words rushed. “He must have fallen into the fire pit, my Myrrha.”
They were both silent. Reiha saw once more the horror of a man in flames as he burned before them, remembering other fires. Myrrha, sensing her mother’s withdrawal from her, wondered what power she had that could cause someone to burst into flames. These images haunted them both, as did the fear of pursuit.
“Where do we go?”
“West. Across the hills to the city by the sea. We were traveling inland to visit family and had just traversed a mountain pass. Two days journey brought us again to the river. We were in the process of boarding a boat, when floods came and hurled us down river. We went many miles, before the waters receded.”
“Where were we going?”
“To my childhood home, far inland.” Reiha cleared her throat. “We must go west, now. Always west. To the sea.”
Myrrha told her mother of their life with the Jandos in the hut of Samlt. Reiha guessed more than the girl revealed of the difficulties of life there. “I learned to make food and clean, and to make a fire.”
“What kind of food?”
“Oh, flat cakes out of flour, with a root paste on them. And meat when Samlt had been hunting. I learned to pluck and clean birds, and cut up deer.”
“And to make clothes,” her mother guessed.
“Yes, we had the skins. But he also got cloth for his firewood.” Myrrha glanced down at the shapeless dress around her, then over at the one her mother wore. “I wasn’t very good, but one of the women helped me.”
“What else did you eat?”
“There were wild berries and herbs and roots in the forest. Sometimes Samlt traded wood for other food.”
Reiha rubbed her throbbing temple, remembering Samlt’s blows. “How did they treat you, these villagers?”
“It was all right, Mother. I learned to hide myself from them, so they couldn’t find me.”
Reiha’s heart ached for her small daughter who had been treated so poorly. They were both silent for a while, their hands clasped while the wind wailed through the bare branches of the trees beside the river, and the river itself seemed to murmur sadly beside them. Reiha shivered, her eyes too bright in the moonlight that reached them. They were crouched close for warmth, their blanket tight about them. The strange noises of the night made Myrrha anxious, but her mother seemed not to hear. It was as if she were far away.
“How old am I, Mother?” Suddenly it seemed urgent to Myrrha that she know that. “When is my birthday?”
“You were five when we started down river. You were five in June, on June 13th.”
“We were in that hut ten years, so that means I’m fifteen.”
“Ten years?” Her mother was appalled. For ten years her child had lived in the hut with Samlt, while she slept. “Ten years,” she repeated sadly.
“So I’m fifteen?” Myrrha repeated.
Her mother nodded.
“They said we came down in a flood, washed down from the mountains in the west. What’s to the west?”
“Home. Your father’s people. We were going to visit my mother and sisters to the east. We were getting into a boat when out of nowhere a wall of water fell upon us and swept us away, to here.”
“So we came down-river, as the Jandos said.”
“I think so.” Her mother was silent, remembering. “It was as if we were grasped and flung into the floods.”
“Who are we, Mother? Who are our people?” But the day had taken its toll, and Myrrha’s mother had fallen asleep, the bruise on her temple throbbing, her breathing ragged. Beside her, Myrrha huddled close for warmth, listening to the noise of the river. Then she, too, fell asleep. They stirred little that night, except to stretch when their muscles became too cramped.
They woke at first light, stiff with cold and aching from their rough, uneven bed. Myrrha looked at her mother, seeing the small bits of leaves and dirt that clung to her hair and clothes, and streaked her face, knowing she was a reflection of Myrrha herself.
They picked themselves up and brushed off what they could, making their way to the water’s edge. There a little water cleaned faces and hands, though it was cold and left their skin red and a little raw. They drank, ate dark bread and root paste, as they sat on the log that had been their shelter. Then they looked at each other, reluctant to leave their night’s shelter, where they had spent their few short hours together again as mother and daughter.
“Is it time?” Reiha asked.
“It’s time,” Myrrha said.
Once more they climbed, over the small hills to the higher valleys, then to the larger hills, following the river. The day was overcast and dreary, the clouds darkening as they went. They did not stop for food, but ate as they went, moving silently from these trees, to those, from the brush here, to that just a few yards away, always keeping in the shadows. Everything that moved seemed an enemy.
The shadows lengthened as the sun sank lower in the western sky. Her mother was too worn, or too afraid, to speak above a whisper. When her words came, they came slowly, separated by staggered breaths that made her shudder. Myrrha gazed at her mother, troubled, then she looked searchingly at the sky. It would rain before morning, and her mother was not used to the elements. Their one blanket could not keep them both warm, let alone dry.
She looked about her for some sort of shelter, something that would hide them, something that would keep them dry and perhaps even warm. They dared not light a fire. It would take too long and would shout to the woods and river, “the outlanders are here.” Myrrha wasn’t sure if she could ever again light a fire, without seeing a face, a figure in the flames. She looked around for brush to cover them, but the trees along the river bank were too bare of leaves and would cover nothing. There were not even any fallen logs, to give them a little cover. They went further, Myrrha searching her surroundings, but there was nothing, except a large rock by the pathway. She sat her mother there.
“I’m going to look around, Mother. I’ll shield you first, and be back as quickly as I can. Just rest here.” Her mother was too tired to answer.
Myrrha headed into the woods, away from the river. The river itself and the river path were too well traveled. If they could only find a secluded spot, hidden from prying eyes, they could rest and regain their strength, before pursuit came upon them on the morrow. For soon there would be no safety anywhere.
Grimly she searched, almost doggedly. They also needed something a little warmer than the night’s cold spread upon them. She could tell her mother suffered pain, by the tension in her body, the lines in her face, the halting rhythm of her gait. Myrrha went a little further, then further still. She fought frustration and anxiety. What if someone came upon her mother? What if the shield wore off, or her mother needed a drink from the river? Would the shield follow her mother as it did her?
There was a small hill in her way, and she climbed upward, thinking to have a clear glimpse of her surroundings. But in front of her was a large rock that blocked her path, with thick brush growing to the side. As she veered around the rock, she lost her footing, falling forward into the brush before her. Her hands thrust through the bare branches, gathering scratches as she went, but instead of finding purchase on the earth of the hillside, she fell further forward until her face brushed sharp twigs.
She found herself reaching into nothing. There was an opening there, low and small. It could hardly be seen, unless you were right on top of it or knew it was there. She came closer and looked in. A small space to hold the two of them, but it just might do. And the overhang was sufficient to keep them dry, even if it rained.
Suddenly Myrrha’s heart was overflowing. Her mother could recuperate before tomorrow’s journey, and tonight they would be safe and dry. The Jandos would have thanked one of their many gods, but they were not real to Myrrha. Gratefully, she whispered her thanks to the wind and hastened back to the stone by the river. Her mother had slipped off and was on the ground, leaning against the rock. The shield was breaking up, small sounds peeling away. She reached for her mother, caught her hands and pulled her up.
“I’ve found a place we can rest, Mother, at least for several hours. Maybe even all night. Can you come?”
Reiha wavered, swaying. But she smiled at Myrrha. “Oh, yes. I can come.”
Myrrha helped her off the path and to the hill. A short climb, while Myrrha held her breath, wondering if her mother could make it, and then her mother was lying within. She shifted, seeking a comfortable place.
“There’s something in here,” Reiha said, puzzled.
Myrrha started. She should have checked. What if it was a wild fox? Although not deadly, they could do a lot of damage if they were trapped. Her hands reached to pull her mother out, but her mother brushed her away.
“It’s a coat. An old coat. Someone knew we would be here, that we would need it.” Her mother smiled. “And we do.” She struggled into the brown coat, which was warm and too big for her, and Myrrha, wrapped in the blanket, lay down beside her and placed the harp behind them both. Myrrha set a small shield before the narrow entrance. Then for long moments she looked out at the darkening land. Night had fallen thick in the few minutes it had taken them to leave the trail and climb the small hill.
They rested for several sweet moments, Myrrha basking in the love-filled awareness of her mother while they ate a few mouthfuls and drank the water they had put in their flask the night before. It was flat and tepid, but Myrrha thought it was the best water she had ever tasted. She waited for her mother’s breathing to ease and become more regular.
Her mother spoke in whispers, her eyes moist in the shadow of the overhang. “When we get home, Myrrha, you will drink the juice from the tengo tree and munch all sorts of sweets. You will meet the rest of your family. Oh, Myrrha, what a world you have waiting.”
“Tell me about my father. Sometimes it seems I can almost see him, almost hear his voice. But then he’s gone again. What was he like? Who was he?”
“He was a quite a man, your father.” Reiha’s voice wavered. “I don’t know what happened to him. He dove into the flood to reach us, and I saw him no more.” Her voice broke a little, and Myrrha was sorry she had asked.
Then her mother went on. “You were named for my sister, you know. You were born on a June morning as dawn filled the world with pink and gold. I was glad. My sister played as you were born; that is her harp we have. It was her gift to you, her namesake.”
Myrrha was quiet, resting in the warm darkness of their small refuge. Her mother hummed an old lullaby that Myrrha had loved as a child, a lullaby echoed in Myrrha’s heart, though but dimly remembered. Then Reiha, too, fell silent. Myrrha opened her mouth to ask her mother the question she really wanted answered, and closed it again, for she was afraid of what the answer might be.
However, driven by great urgency, she cleared her throat and tried to formulate the question that haunted her. Why had the man burst into flames? Was it lightning? Myrrha knew it wasn’t the fire pit. He was too far away from it when he started to burn. Had she done it? Did she have that kind of power? Had someone else been there in the shadows working on him? Were they really witches that could call down fire to burn people? Myrrha could not even phrase the latter question, not even silently to herself. What if she had done it? What if her shield had become a weapon? What if she could call down fire and light a man as if he were only so much kindling, waiting to be burned? No. She could not even ask.
Her mother’s breath came slow and even as sleep claimed her. Myrrha didn’t have the heart to wake her. There would be a moment tomorrow. She could ask then. But there was still so much more she wanted to know. A five-year-old remembers little, especially after great trauma.
She woke twice in the night, once when her mother stirred and tried to stretch, and once when she heard a strange sound like a hunting horn off in the distance. The Jandos, she thought. But there was nothing they could do, and she went back to sleep as the rains, which had been threatening to come all day, finally descended.
They came softly at first, a gentle falling on the earth. Before morning, they were pounding deep rivulets into the land. Myrrha woke at daybreak, to still more rain. Thankfully, knowing the rains would be an obstacle for the Jandos, she went back to sleep.
Three hours later she awoke again, but still the rains came. They stayed in their small shelter all that day, resting, sleeping, grateful for the respite. Her mother was spent, and slept much of the time, but Myrrha found herself content just to be with her, newly awakened as she was to life and her surroundings. There, warm and dry while the rains beat down upon the land around them, they knew tranquility and peace. The Jandos would not hunt them in such a downpour. Myrrha’s question about Samlt burned in her throat several times that day, but each time she pushed it away. She couldn’t risk shattering their brief peace by the answers she might get.
When night came, there was still no let up to the rain. Around them on the hillside, water ran, forming a stream at the base of the hill that rushed onward to the river. They spent the night there, but the next day, just before noon, the rains ceased. While Myrrha slept on, her mother carefully crawled from the cave, pausing to remove the coat, and carefully look over the hillside.
The rest had refreshed her, and though still sore and uncomfortable, she felt strengthened. Seeing no one and nothing moving, she left the cave and looked around a little, wondering what person had last sheltered there, and why he had left his coat. It was a good warm one, and she had been so grateful to have it. Reiha was also thirsty, but she had to wait for Myrrha before climbing back down to the river. Who knew what they might encounter?
She walked around the hill to the top, the sunlight breaking through the clouds, streaming down upon her, warm on her shoulders, the sky blue overhead. She walked towards the stand of trees right at the top, thinking to get a good look at her surroundings, but she never reached it. She tripped on something and looked down to see a man, lying on his back, yellow splotches marking his face, his throat, and the underside of his arm that was thrown across part of his face. He was coatless and dead, days dead.
She had seen those splotches as a child far inland and knew what they were. Yellow fever, the fastest, deadliest plague known to Esfalia. A few survived it, but not many. She thought about the coat that had held her in its warmth all night, and shuddered. One to two days the plague took to run its course; twenty-four to forty eight hours. She thought about telling Myrrha, then quickly dismissed that idea. These few days and hours might be all they had together. She would not darken them by sharing what she feared.



Chapter 8


Reiha scrambled back to the cave, sick at heart. It wasn’t fair, not now when she had awakened and was on her way home with her daughter. “It’s morning, Myrrha. Wake up, my girl.” Myrrha picked up her mother’s agitation, but ascribed it to her fear of pursuit. “Let’s be on our way.”
Myrrha tried to remove the blanket that was still wrapped around her, bumping awkwardly into the stone that hid part of the entrance. “Coming.” She removed the blanket and folded it over her shoulders. “Let me get the coat.”
Her mother shivered. “I think we should leave it.” Myrrha looked at her blankly. Reiha hurried to add, “To provide shelter for someone else in need. Sometimes the gifts of the gods are to be passed on.”
Myrrha opened her mouth to protest, looked at her mother’s eyes, the flat darkness of them, and closed it again. She said nothing as they climbed back down to the river, but she looked wonderingly at her mother, wishing she knew her better.
They washed and ate, and were back on the path in a matter of minutes. They were both tense. Several hours of daylight had already passed, and who knew how fast the Jandos could travel? How long could they keep ahead of them? If they wanted to escape, they would have to keep their lead until they were out of Jandos territory. Myrrha wished she knew where that was.
“It may be,” Myrrha said carefully, “that some of the Jandos have passed us and we now have them before and behind us. I heard horns in the night.”
“In the rains? Surely not. They were still heavy this morning. Wouldn’t we find their footprints in the mud of the path?”
Startled, Myrrha looked at her mother, then back down the trail they had come. There were their footprints, two separate tracks, small footprints, clear in the mud of the trail. “They will see them. They will find us.” Myrrha was in a panic. Then she calmed down. There were no others. The Jandos had left no footprints. They were not ahead, only behind. And if she and her mother departed from the trail, and walked on the grasslands that were parallel to the river, just past the woods that outlined its banks, their tracks would not be seen.
They went on, but this third day was harder than the first two. The threat of capture seemed more imminent, more real somehow; pursuit seemed closer and more inevitable. And the day was hot and draining. In the scattered moments when they paused to eat, when they dared try to talk, Myrrha’s mother seemed far off and vague.
“Tell me about our people. I know that I am named for your sister.”
“You are named for my sister. Oh, yes. I am-” her mother paused and a look of confusion covered her face. Then she recovered herself. “I am Reiha. Your father is, was -” She looked down at the bread in her hands. Then she looked up at Myrrha, in dismay. Then her face cleared, though her eyes were sad. “Your father was Jorik. He drowned in the wall of water that flooded our boat that day.”
“The one that brought us to the Jandos?”
Reiha hesitated. Then her voice grew strong, remembering. “Yes. We were on our way inland to visit your my family. You and I had just boarded the boat when the flash flood came from nowhere. We were on board, but he was still on the dock. I saw him dive into the flood to try and reach us, but he went under and I never saw him again. I think he drowned trying to save us. He must have, for he would never have stopped searching until he had found us, if he were still alive. He was one determined man, your father.” She looked up at Myrrha and smiled. “You are like him, you know, though you look like my sister. That is her harp you have. She gave it to you at your birth.” Then she looked down again at the bread in her hands, and found them shaking. When she looked up her eyes were troubled, her face blank.
Myrrha placed her hands on her mother’s. “That’s enough for now. We can talk again later.” Myrrha paused. She wanted to ask about Samlt, the woodcutter, about the fire. Would her mother know? Would it distress her to be asked something she might not be able to answer?
She hesitated but her need to know was intense. In a sudden rush Myrrha’s words came tumbling out. “What about Samlt? What happened to him? Why did he burn? Did I,” she hesitated. “Did I do it?”
But the same blank look met her gaze. “Samlt?”
“The man who died.”
“Oh, no. It wasn’t you,” her mother said, stroking her hand. “It wasn’t you.”
Myrrha said no more, but her heart was sick within her. It had to be her. Her mother seemed so strange whenever she mentioned it. Besides, they were the only ones there. Then there was no more time for thought for they were fleeing once more.
An hour or so later, as they stopped for a much needed rest for her mother, Myrrha asked, “Tell me more about my father.”
“He was-” Her mother stopped, the words, the thoughts would not come. It was as if they had dried up in the two hours they had spent walking. She pressed the palm of her hand to her forehead, in frustration. “My mind is muggy. I can see his face, but the rest is not clear. Why can’t I remember?”
“It doesn’t matter, Mother. It doesn’t matter. Rest now.”
“I know he loved us.”
Myrrha thought her mother looked very pale, but it was broad daylight, and they had no shelter. Who knew what they might meet if they dared to rest close to the river in the open? All the hill tribes used the water and the path beside it, and they were not above capturing slaves from time to time. It would be unthinkable to be enslaved by another tribe, just as they were escaping the Jandos. Myrrha could shield, but it would wear off rapidly if she slept, and she was weary, too. But they had to sleep. They stole an hour’s rest in the lower woods before they attempted the high hills just before them.
They woke to fear once more, neither taking time to speak. Reiha seemed to struggle increasingly for both breath and strength. By late afternoon they stopped in a small valley at the edge of woods which scattered to the crest of the hill before them. Myrrha’s mother dropped to the earth, sitting half in the shade, half in the sun. “We’ll wait for them here,” she said, looking back down the small valley.
Myrrha protested. “Here? We’ll be just like those wood pigeons that sit and wait in the river trees until the hawks come.”
“No. We’ll face our hunters here. But we’ll be ready for them.”
Myrrha looked around her. There was nothing she could see that would help them, that would stay the hand of the Jandos or keep them at bay. She had waited years for this moment, years for her mother to come to her senses and flee Samlt’s hut and the rest of the tribe. Ten long years, one after the other with no ray of hope, no awareness in her mother’s eyes. Now the Jandos could not let them go. Tribal honor demanded they be recaptured and one or both of them killed. And her mother wanted to wait for them?
Her mother looked at her and repeated quietly, “We’ll be ready for them.”
“How?”
“I have a plan.”
So they waited on the edge of the meadow, almost into the trees. Myrrha stared at their back trail, and realized that her mother was right. Their strength was spent. They had fled the Jandos until they could go no further.
Their hunters were surely almost upon them, now. Far over the valley she watched, knowing the men would soon be visible in the late afternoon light. Their long knives and their short bows would be strapped to their sides, the dark brown of their clothing making a foil for the gold and crimson of the few leaves that still clung to almost bare branches.
There would be dust, kicked up by reckless feet tearing down the trail where the day’s sun had removed all effects of last night’s rain. And there would be dogs, yipping as they came, eager and hot on the trail. They would be in full hunt, and Myrrha and her mother would be the quarry. But it was not for herself she feared.
“Myrrha, we will paint me with the dye from these leaves. It will look like I have yellow fever and they will not touch me.” She could be right, Myrrha thought. Not one of the hill people would knowingly come in contact with the deadly fever. “We don’t have time to do both of us, but one will be enough. They will turn back. You wait over there, in the trees.”
“Are you sure it will work? What if they come too close and see it’s only dye?”
Her mother just said softly, almost sadly, “They will see only the fever. And the dogs will not come close. The leaves are acrid.” That had been Myrrha’s biggest fear. What if the dogs savaged her mother before the men came close enough to tell?
“You’re sure?”
“I’m sure.”
“Let me help, Mother. We still have a little time.”
Reiha smiled, her eyes warm upon her daughter. “You will need time to get far enough away. I have plenty of leaves. Even if they were to come now, I would still have time to create enough spots on my hands and face. Only a few are needed.”
“Well, at least I will bring you a few leaves,” and Myrrha went to work. In scant minutes she had a goodly pile of yellow leaves, waiting at her mother’s fingertips. “You will need some water.” She fussed for a moment with the water bottle, then laid it within reach. “And some food.” She pressed some into her mother’s hand, hesitating, not wanting to leave. Slung on Myrrha’s back was her silver harp, her fingers trailed along the strap on her left shoulder. “I could stay. I could weave a shield about us both, Mother.”
“You must go, my Myrrha, and make haste. They will have dogs this time. Go far enough that they will not smell you, if your shield does not keep out smell.” Reiha smiled then, her voice gentle. “Go to those trees and weave your magic. I’ll do my magic here.” She laughed. “Right here. When they find me, they will flee this spot, without a backward glance. Now go!” She pushed Myrrha from her.
“You’re sure the dogs will not worry you?”
“Quite sure.”
Myrrha protested, “I want to stay with you.”
“No one wants the fever. They’ll look and run.”
Myrrha was stubborn. “I want to stay with you.”
“Brush out your footprints.”
Myrrha went finally, brushing our her prints in the dusty clearing, scattering gold and red leaves, the final reminder of bright fall, as she went into the lengthening shadows of the trees. “I’ll be right here, Mother,” she called out.
“Myrrha?”
“Yes?”
“I love you. And Myrrha? If anything were to happen -”
“What?”
“Nothing. But if anything were - Myrrha, are you listening?”
“You haven’t spoken in ten years, Mother. Of course I’m listening.”
“Go west.”
“West?”
“West.”
Myrrha stopped, torn.
“Hurry now. Before they get close enough to hear us.”
“But -”
“West to the great sea. West to our people. Remember.”
An hour passed, maybe two. Myrrha grew more and more restless, more and more worried about her mother waiting partially in the direct rays of the sun. She, herself, was totally in shade, and still hot and thirsty. Her mother must be, too, for she lay a short distance from the nearest tree, her body partially visible to any who stood on the hillside opposite.
Oh, why did they not come? Myrrha couldn’t bear the thought of their coming, nor the thought of waiting any longer. And then they came. One moment they were just a thought, the next they were at the brow of the hill. Myrrha closed her eyes and went to work, taking all the small sounds of the trees with their dry leaves rustling as she moved slightly, the bit of breeze, the beating of her heart, the distant shouting of the men and the baying of their hunting dogs, and fashined her cloak.
In the small valley at the base of the knoll of trees her mother waited. Myrrha wondered at her stillness, for she had not seemed to move for several hours, just lying there, waiting for the hunters to come upon her. “They will not touch me,” she had said to Myrrha. “They will see the marks of the plague and shun me. And you will work your magic and they will not find you?” That last had been a question.
“No, Mother. They will not find me. They will pass me by just as the two boys did by the river.”
As the men from Jandos crested the hill, their prey waited. Like most hunted things, the woman did not look very fierce. She lay motionless, her thin form partially wrapped in a rough brown blanket of the same fabric as the mens’ jackets. The afternoon sun had reached a place where its light diffused through the trees and fell softly on her, touching her face and hands , her arms, as she curled against the earth. The hounds came, eager, running, baying as they went. The first two men were close behind. Yet, still Reiha did not move.
Myrrha sat perched in her tree, hoping her mother did not trust in her yellow plague in vain. She touched the harp strap, the harp she had played just a few nights before in a different lifetime for the large circle before the headman’s fire, listening as they pounded and chanted their approval. Such a short time ago.
Yet she had no illusions about the danger that came plunging down the slope towards them. She wove her protection about herself and waited for her mother’s ruse to work. If it did, they would be free to continue without pursuit. If not, but it had to work. It just did.
Suddenly the lead man stopped his breakneck pace, causing the man behind him to stumble in an effort to avoid running into him. Slowly he spoke, the words flat and harsh.
“She burned ‘im right up. ’Tweren’t hardly anything left.”
“You saw ‘im?”
The first man nodded, “I saw ‘im.”
“The woman?”
“Who else could it be? She and the kid were the only ones there.”
The second man looked over the shoulder of the first, staring uneasily at the woods ahead. Even the dogs seemed quieter now, the one sitting back on his haunches, giving a low whine. “Mebbe we should wait for the others.”
The first man considered a bit. “Mebbe.” Then he shrugged. “Could be she’s too tired to do much. Could be she doesn’t have magic, leastways that’s what Samlt, her husband said.”
“Yeah. But he’s dead now. And if it twern’t magic, what was it?”
“I dunno. But I ain’t about to let Reb take the credit for finding and tracking her. ‘Thout us they’d hev lost the trail first day out.”
His companion nodded. “I know. We’re the best in the village at readin’ sign. The rest are still a good piece behind. But what’s the good of bein’ the best if yer dead?”
“Ah, come on. If we wait, the woman and her brat may make it up and over the next rise, through Geiry pass and into Mougos territory. You know what happened to old man Poots there last year. We can’t follow them there. And I ain’t lettin’ them git away.”
“I told Samlt in the beginnin’ they’d be trouble.”
“Serves ‘im right, almost. You let wimmin play with magic and start killin’ ther men and the world will break.”
“Let the Mougos get them.” The second man removed his jacket for a moment, letting the breeze play over him. Even though it was fall, the day was warm.
The first man was adamant. “Not me. Them witches killed a man from our village and they’re gonna pay.”
“Sure it was witch fire? Could’ve bin lantern fire. Thet house of thern was dry as tinder. Or worse.”
“If it ’twern’t witch fire, why’d they run? Besides, Cleff says he saw him, standin’ and burnin’ just like a bloomin’ torch. And the rest of the house was untouched. There was no smell of oil, neither.” The first man paused, as if speaking to himself. “Just thet strange smell that comes with lightning. But there ‘twern’t no storm.”
“I say we wait for the rest. They’ll want to be in on it.”
“Wait?” The first man, the larger of the two, ran a hand through his dark hair, his black eyes searching the woods ahead. He was openly scornful of his companion’s suggestion.
“Yeah, wait.” The smaller man was defensive, his light brown hair and beard bristling. “They can’t get fur. After all, ther jest wimmin.”
“Well, if ther only wimmin, what’s holdin’ yuh back?”
The second man had no answer, and he sputtered a bit, before reluctantly following after the first down the rest of the slope and into the stretch of woods before them. The dogs were quieter now, nosing their way along slowly until they came to the meadow then they ran to the form of the woman. They stopped a few paces from her, and with a low whine, sat back on their haunches. Back in her tree, Myrrha sighed her relief.
The men reached the place where the dogs waited, then the larger, darker one went up and stirred the figure with his foot. There was no answering movement.
“She sleepin’?”
The larger man reached down and grasped the shoulder of the motionless figure and shook it. Then he turned it over. The woman’s figure was still shrouded with the blankets. With an oath, he grasped the corner of the blanket and gave it a jerk, unrolling the still figure partially wrapped inside to lie face down upon the grass.
The figure moaned and stirred a little, but seemed beyond speech.
Again he reached down and grasping a shoulder, turned the woman over to face them.
Her face was white with fatigue or fear. Her eyes were closed and she lay unmoving, except when they stirred her.
“Is she dead?” The second man moved back several paces.
“Mebbe, mebbe not. It don’t matter.”
“If she can’t walk, we can’t take her back. It would take too long.”
“When the others come, we can make a litter to drag her back. The village will want to see. She’s disrupted things. They have to be made right.”
“We could burn her right here. It’s a lot of work to haul her back.”
“If we have the fire in the village, there’ll be food and drink and celebratin’. Gosh, they might even make a song about us.”
“A song?
“Yeah. About how we tracked and caught the witch woman thet called down lightnin’. The witch woman thet killed Samlt.” He basked in his anticipated moment.
The smaller man looked around the clearing. “Where’s the girl? Shouldn’t we find her too?” His companion looked up from the woman and gazed at the woods unfolding before them. “She’s probably in them woods. Let’s take the dogs and see.”
“How about t’woman?”
“She’s not goin’ anywhere. And ‘member, she’s a witch. Just stay away from ‘er.”
He whistled the dogs to him, and they came, carefully circling the still form of Reiha, as they followed the men into the trees. The dogs scattered, nosing the ground, flushing several small birds that watched, startling a hare that ran across the trail. Deeper they went into the trees, searching for Myrrha’s trail, which by now was several hours old, and higher than they searched. For Myrrha was still up her tree.
She gazed across the grass at her mother, still lying on the edge of the meadow, in the slanted rays of the afternoon sun. True, the dogs had not worried her. They had not wanted to come near her. But the men had no such qualms. They had come right up to her and not noticed the spots. Maybe her mother had fallen asleep before she made them.
What could have happened? What should she do now? If the men went far enough into the woods, perhaps she could swing behind them and go back. She could paint the spots. She fretted, waiting. The heat made her thirsty and she drank, and then hoped her mother still had water left.
It never occurred to her that the hunters might find her until one of the dogs whined close by. Startled, she looked down and over, watching the dog nose about her trail, trying to find where she went when the trail stopped.
She had purposely run fast and then jumped, taking the longest leaps she could so that the dogs would not immediately locate her final tracks just under the tree limb. It was the best she knew how to do. And it had seemed to work. The dog was puzzled, and nosed about here and there. But he was coming closer.
The men and dogs were too close for her to race back to her mother without their seeing her. In fact she too, was in danger of discovery. If they caught her, they would just leave her mother behind and take Myrrha back. A captive who could walk was a much better find. Her mother’s ruse would have no chance to work.
But Myrrha knew her mother would follow the men, if they took her. They were as good as dead if that happened. Maybe the sunlight had been too bright, too rich and golden on her mother’s skin and the spots too pale to be noticed. Maybe there was still a chance.
The other dog had joined the first, and if the men came to see what the dogs were doing, her chances were slim. She hesitated. She had a piece of dried jerky in her hands and suddenly she flung it as far from her as she could. The dog nearest her dashed for it, the other close behind, just as the men closed in.
They ran for the dogs, who were now fighting for the morsel. Village dogs were always half starved, she thought. Just as the men arrived, the first dog gulped it down. She took a quick breath, thankful the evidence was gone, for it could have led the men to her. As it was, it had led the men and dogs a much safer distance from her. She stared at them, the men and dogs were busy searching out her trail. She smiled grimly to herself. They would never find it there. She clung to the tree, motionless, her sound cloak pulled tightly about her.
The villagers wanted revenge. They wanted someone to take back to the village and burn. They would not allow the dogs to harm her mother, or her if they caught her. What if the dogs found her scent again? Then, she reasoned, if they found her, they would take her back to her mother and she would have the time to paint the tell tale spots that somehow were missing.
The dogs and men were closer again. What should she do? Stay, or go? Be caught, or flee so she could hep rescue her mother later? If they were both prisoners, would she have any opportunity to free her mother?
At least they would be together. She could jump down and the dogs would hear her and come running. But something held her in place. Her mother’s plan had been a good one. It just had to work.
Then the moment for decision was gone. Over the ridge above the meadow came the noise and sounds of the hunt she had half been listening for. The other hunters were upon them. They spilled over the ridge, down into the valley, raising dust trails as they came. Myrrha stared at the silent form of her mother motionless on the meadow. It appeared as if the village hunters were heading straight for her.
In the woods not far from her the two men and their dogs paused, their attention caught. “The rest are here,” muttered the one. “Shall we go back before they claim our find as theirs?”
“Yep. Jeb would do thet. Come on.” The two men whistled their dogs to them and moved quickly through the trees to the meadow’s edge where the witch woman still lay unmoving. Once there, they hollered at the rest, unmistakably making their claim. The girl could wait.
The villagers gathered beside the woman, looking down at her.
Let them see the spots. Let them leave her right there, unharmed, she thought urgently at them. Two of them bent over her mother, grasping an arm, trying to raise her. But her mother gave them no help, remaining limp and flaccid in their grasp, her head rolling back. They released her mother, letting her fall ungently backward to the earth. Myrrha reached out her hand, as if to cradle her mother’s fall, then dropped it. No actions of hers at that distance could help.
Perhaps if she waited until dark. The sun was be down soon and they had little time to travel before night fall. They might stay and she would have a chance to help her mother. Or if they left, she could follow. And do something. What she had yet to decide.
Her grasp on the tree before her slipped and she realized her hands were sweating. She wiped them on her shirt, taking a new hold on the tree limb beside her. She had waited for ten years for her mother. She could wait a little longer.



Chapter 9


When full night came, Myrrha slid down out of the tree, finding herself a secluded spot in the undergrowth right at the edge of the meadow where she could see the hunters from Jandos more closely. She drew her sound cloak about her and lay watching. The men had built a small fire. It looked as if they planned to spend the night. One had flung the blanket over her mother. An act of kindness? A desire to hide away the witch? Myrrha could not be sure.
She smelled the food from their campfire and realized she was hungry. She pulled her sack closer and took some hard bread and a little dried meat and ate. She would need her strength soon. When the men slept, maybe she could reach her mother and they could escape. But where could they go? Through the woods lay Mougos territory. Who knew what their reception there would be. But at least immediate death might not be the only option.
She waited, while the men gathered around the fire and ate and talked. She heard their voices rising and falling, but she could not pick out their words. Finally sleep claimed her. She had fled too long and without rest. Her body claimed its due.
She woke several hours later, cold, uncomfortable, and disoriented. She started up. “Mother?” She felt about her. “Mother?” Then she remembered. The moonlight fell cold on the clearing in front of her. The villagers were lumps with dark shadows. One of those lumps she realized sadly, was her mother. Sick at heart, she gazed until she thought she knew which one it was.
Slowly she stood up, keeping her sound cloak tight about her. It seemed as if all the hunters were asleep. But what about their dogs? Once more she carefully scrutinized the clearing. The dogs seemed to be scattered about, lying beside their masters. Would they let her approach? Would they give warning?
Carefully she circled through the woods until she was as close to her mother as she could get and still be hidden. Luckily for her, Reiha was on the edge of the villagers, a distance away from the nearest one. It seemed none of them wanted to be too close to the witch woman that called down lightning to destroy people, especially while they were asleep.
All was still. No one moved other than the nearest dog that raised his head in her direction. Did he see her? Could he smell her? Would he let her get closer? The only way to find out was to try. And to do that, she had to leave the shelter of the trees. Her sound cloak would hide her, but did it mask smell? Then she remembered. If she were downwind of the dogs, they could not smell her unless she were close. And they were also tired and sleepy, settled down for the night beside their masters.
Slowly she moved forward a few steps until she felt the night breeze upon her. She turned to face it. If she circled further in the woods she could come upon her mother with the wind in her face. Moving slowly, oh so slowly she regained the woods and headed for the spot where the wind was just right. She breathed better when she was not so twig-snapping close.
How long it took her she was not sure, but finally she was once more ready to leave the covering of the woods to reach her mother. She hesitated. Should she walk upright? Would it be better to crawl forward until she reached her mother’s still form? She crawled forward a few paces, aware that if anyone opened his eyes casually they would not see her. But neither could she see the whole picture.
She hesitated, then slowly she stood, her eyes carefully on the nearest dog, her sound cloak tight about her. Then almost too soon she was crouching beside her mother, listening for the rise and fall off of her breathing. She lived.
Myrrha breathed a sigh of relief. For a moment when she had watched her mother’s actions with the villagers, she had wondered. But her mother was either deeply asleep or totally overcome with exhaustion. She had done nothing for ten years and now here she was running away, covering miles in a rush to escape.
She placed out a hand to touch her mother’s face. Should she rouse her? Could she rouse her? And if she did could they both elude the dogs? But she had to try. Then she froze. Not far from them, a man grunted, half sat, looked around, then stood and headed for the woods. Beside him went his dog.
Motionless Myrrha waited. Soon they returned. The man stood looking over at Reiha’s form, still and silent under the blanket, for a few minutes, then he crouched down and rolled himself in his blanket, his back to them. Beside him the dog stood, sniffing the air, then he turned himself around several times and tucked his nose beneath his tail.
Myrrh froze until she heard the deep and regular breathing of the man who had just returned. Her outstretched hand seemed as if it would never really be able to move again. Her knees ached and her bent back crouched over the still form seemed to her a permanent question mark.
Then Myrrha moved. She touched her mother ever so lightly. Reiha did not move. But her face was hot to the touch. Had she been too long under the heat of the sun without water? Myrrha shook her shoulder, but still there was no response.
“Mother, it’s me, Myrrha,” she whispered.
Still there was no response. On the other side of the fire a dog shifted and whined. Myrrha waited. Then desperate, she tried again. She did not know how long it had taken her to reach her mother, nor how much time she had remaining until dawn colored the sky and the men awoke. But she had a sense of time running out.
“Mother.” No response. She turned her mother until her face was open to the sky and moonlight reached her. She leaned down to hear her breathing, then lifted her head to watch that loved face. Desperate she tried everything she knew to wake the woman, but nothing worked. Then she was out of time.
A man close by sat up and looked at the sky. Then he got to his feet calling his dog as he went. As Myrrha watched, he headed to the far edge of the small meadow, sending the dog in to check something. He was looking for her, Myrrha realized. And she had taken no pains to erase her trail. Except that it was now cold. She had not been there since night fall.
She looked down once more at her mother in despair. She had not been able to wake her, and even if she had, her mother could run no farther. She looked for the yellow spots, but the light was too faint and uncertain for her to be sure. But she thought she could see them, a goodly number of them scattered about. The yellow spots just had to work. Why had the men not seen them? Maybe they were just in too much of a hurry, too exhilarated at finding her.
She glanced across the fire into the woods where the man and the dog had disappeared. She wanted to wait until there was enough light to see the spots for sure, but she had to hide herself. Once more she would have to take to the trees and trust her luck and her sound cloak. She carefully tucked the blanket around her mother and returned the way she had come.
As she reached the woods she went deeper, looking for a tree with enough leaves left to hide her. But in that section of the woods, their leaves sparse. Finally she found a fir whose branches trailed in thick profusion on the ground, thick enough to hide whatever was behind them. She crawled in and curled herself about the trunk, half sitting, half lying, and waited, listening.
She heard the camp awake, and saw daylight sift through the needles about her. She had neither seen nor heard anything from the man and dog who had gone looking for her. Perhaps they were unable to locate her trail. A thought struck her and she gathered some of the needles and crushed them, hoping their strong aroma would mask her scent if the dogs drew close.
She heard the camp stir, and the sound of voices begin, low and intermittent as the men woke. She began to pick up bits of conversation from the men near her.
“We should burn ‘er here. No need to drag ‘er all the way ta home.”
“Talk to Jeb. He’ll figger it out.”
“He better.”
“He will. He’s gotta good head, thet Jeb.”
“Why is she still sleepin’?”
“Dunno. Tired, I guess. Bein’ a witch must be hard work.”
He laughed, his coarse words and sounds grated all the way down Myrrha’s backbone and shivered in her ears.
“Dern right. But it’ll be harder work when we burn’er.”
Myrrha was sick. She had not thought they might burn her mother so soon, and so callously. And what could she do? She lay there listening in an agony of indecision.
“Should we gather wood?”
“Ah, talk ta Jeb first. See what he says.”
“Is she awake yet?”
Myrrha could hear one of them walk over to her mother, the other followed a little hesitantly behind.
“She hasn’t stirred, looks like.”
“Well, I’m talkin’ ta Jeb. We should burn her as soon as we can. No sense takin’ chances with a witch. Jeb? Jeb?”
Myrrha could hear the calls of the man as he strode over the figures of the men some still sleeping.
“Jeb?”
Someone roused and sat up. “Here, man. Ya tryin’ ta wake the dead?”
The man calling him snorted. “Na, just the almost dead.”
“Watcha want?”
“We should burn the witch right ‘ere. Then we can head back without takin’ chances with ‘er and ‘er magic. Sides, we can travel much faster without ‘er and a storm seems brewin’.”
“Storm?”
“Storm,” the man facing him said decidedly. “Ya can smell it in the air. Likely ta have lightnin’ in it.”
Jeb sniffed the air, looking about him at the sky. “Wake t’others. We’ll make a pile of dead wood and brush right in ta center of the meadow. As soon as it’s ready we’ll set it afire. Then fling her on it.”
“Ain’t cha gonna tie her up to a stake er somethin’?”
“Ya wanna do it? I’ve got no yen to get that close and spend time near ‘er. We kin watch till she’s dead.”
In minutes the rest of the camp was awake, had eaten their meager trail rations, and were scurrying about gathering wood. Myrrha watched from beneath her tree, horrified, as the wood pile grew larger and larger. They worked until midday, then they stopped for food and rest, though the men were eager for revenge. But Myrrha had no chance to make further contact with her mother. She felt tears run down her face and brushed them quickly away. There was not time for that now.
She was so focused on her mother and the pile of wood that she did not see the dog come near, the man close behind him. She had no sense of danger for herself until a rough hand closed about her wrist and yanked her out of her hiding place. The branches parted to let her through, then they closed about her harp and the few bits of food she had left lying next to the trunk.
Myrrha stumbled, trying to regain her balance, but the man was not willing to wait. With a triumphant yell he dragged her out in plain sight. Myrrha was devastated. How could she have been so careless? Any chance they had for escape now seemed to be lost.
“Whatcha got there?”
“A witch girl.” The man dragged Myrrha past her mother and closer to the others. As she went past her mother, she tried to get a good look, to see how she was doing, but Reiha was still muffled in the blanket.
“Well, well. The fire’ll take care of ‘em both.”
“We’ll burn the two of them together. Git more wood,” Jeb ordered. “And hurry.”
They rushed to finish their food, and finish gathering wood. They had new motivation, a living breathing aware captive that would satisfy their need for revenge far better than a comatose silent one that did not respond. They tied Myrrha’s hands together in front of her and flung her beside her mother. Then, once again they went to work, gathering and piling wood for dead brush was scarce and dead wood almost non existent.
As soon as their eyes were no longer on her, Myrrha crawled to her mother. Awkwardly but persistently she worked on the blanket until her mother’s face became visible.
“So hot,” she whispered to herself. Her mother’s skin felt like it was on fire. Slowly she unwrapped the rest of Reiha, freeing her from the hot blanket. She looked around for some water, and found the water bottle she had left for her mother lying not too far away. Slowly she crawled towards it. If it had anything left, it could ease her mother.
Almost to the water, one of the men noticed and came towards her.
“Git back over there.” Myrrha looked at him and pointed to the water.
“Please,” she whispered.
He stopped and looked at her a moment, then he picked up the water and handed it to her, all the while grumbling about her getting back to where her mother was.
“Thank you.”
A quick nod, and he was gone, back to gathering wood for burning. But he was not quite as eager as before. Surreptitiously he noted Myrrha’s efforts to give water to her mother and sponge off the feverish face. Even witches love their own, he thought to himself.
For her part, Myrrha was lost in her mother’s needs. As the water touched her face Myrrha worried about the yellow spots washing off. Then she worried because the water did not fade the spots or alter them in any way. Surely the plant dye was not that strong. She tried a full effort on one, but it remained intact. Nor did her mother’s fever lessen any with either the sponging or the little she swallowed.
“Mother, Mother,” she whispered, trying to get through to her. But her mother did not respond. “Mother, what is wrong?” As the afternoon waned, sudden understanding fell upon her. “You knew you had the plague, didn’t you? You wanted me away and safe so I wouldn’t get it.”
Finally in the late afternoon, Jeb judged they had enough. “That’ll do,” he hollered, and the men stopped scavenging for wood and gathered up their belongings, breaking camp.
“When we’ve burnt ‘er we have ta get a move on. Sky’s gittin’ darker, and a storm closer.”
Slowly the men began to gather in a circle around the heap of wood, leaving a good space between themselves and the wood, and leaving a corridor open to where the witch lay, still and motionless, as she had all day, now with Myrrha beside her.
Myrrha found herself unable to pull her eyes away from the pyre of brush and dead limbs, unable to still the growing horror she felt at her mother’s illness, at their coming death. “It was a good plan, my mother, a good plan anyway.”
Jeb stood at the head of the corridor. He had a little surprise for the men who had one up on them, who had found the witch first. He grinned, his spite filling his eyes. “Now then, let’s hear it for t’hunters who found the witch.”
The men cheered, noisily, some throwing their caps in the air.
“T’same men should bring her ta t’fire.”
Jeb felt the common uneasiness about who would have to do that dissipate into the air. “Let them as found her have the honor ta bring ‘er and put ‘er in ta fire.” The men cheered again, all except the two heroes who now had to bring the witch to her fate.
The two men looked at each other. The smaller man was minded to run, but the other grasped his arm and pulled him along until they stood over Myrrha’s mother. Myrrha sat silent and still beside her, unable to pull her eyes from the scene, unable to move.
“Git away, you. You’ll be next.”
“What’s the matter with ‘er? She dead?” the small man whispered.
The larger man reached down and seized the blanket, intending to roll Reiha back up in it. “It’s all right. Just don’t touch ta witch. Just grab the blanket and you’ll be safe,” he assured his companion.
His companion reached gingerly down and grabbed the edge of the blanket closest to him.
“Now lift when I say so,” the larger man instructed. “Ready, set, lift.”
But his companion was too fearful and seized the blanket too late. The woman rolled out of the blanket and onto the ground, her face upon the grass.
Irritated and angry, the larger man went to the woman, seized her shoulder, and turned her, thinking to roll the woman back up in the blanket. As he did so, he put her face in full light. Then, with an oath, he jerked back and for a moment, both men stared. Stared at the white face with the yellow spots, spots that appeared evenly on the exposed sections of neck and hands.
Suddenly the first man began furiously wiping his hand, the one that had touched Myrrha’s mother, with earth and leaves and anything else within reach.
“Yellow fever!”
“Plague?” The second man’s voice was almost a whisper. Yellow plague was deadly and often fatal. It could wipe out half a village in just a few days, taking only a day or two to run its course.
“Plague!” The first man answered, and spat before him in a rage of disgust and fear.
“Is she dead?”
“Dead, or soon to be.” Both men turned, almost as if in answer to a single command, and called their dogs. Then they hollered out at the rest of the camp. “Witch has yellow fever. We’re outta here.”
Myrrha heard them leave the meadow, and clamber back up the hill, the way they had come.
Near the top, in a paroxysm of haste, their frantic feet loosed a small avalanche of rocks that quickly erased where they had been. Once over the top, they paused for a moment to catch their breath and perhaps take a quick glance back the way they had come. Then they turned and were gone, with the hounds running lightly behind them, the second man keeping a discrete distance behind the first.
Beside her mother, Myrrha lay and listened to the furor in camp. She heard the shouts and angry words of the men, cheated at the last out of their revenge by the witch woman who by her death ensured some of theirs.
“Well done, Mother,” she spoke softly, to herself, not wanting her voice to carry. “You were right. They’ve fled.” She waited for the meadow to grow quiet.
Then she heard the whining of a dog and the crunching of leaves and twigs underfoot and looked up. The man who had found her stared down at her.
“What about the girl?”
“Ya want t’plague, you stay and mess with her.” Jeb finished rolling up his stuff. “I’m outta here.” Then he gathered his things, got to his feet and strode briskly away.
The man beside Myrrha stirred uneasily. Somehow leaving the girl and her mother untouched seemed wrong. But the plague. He had seen it before, when he found a small village with only three people in it left alive.
A grim shout came from the edge of the woods. Other men called their dogs, then they, too, were gone. Myrrh listened. All about the small meadow sounds had ceased. Shouts and barking dogs climbed the ridge and faded into the distance. The last man left the clearing and still the man by Myrrha stood. She looked up at him, her eyes dead. What he did seemed not to matter to her. Her mother was dying. In a few hours she might as well. If the man killed them now, it didn’t matter.
Suddenly he turned on his heel and headed after the others, taking his dog with him.
Her mother’s plan had worked. Better than they had hoped, Myrrha thought, because the ruse was not a ruse. It was real. They were safe from the Jandos, and could rest longer.
Then she stirred and crawled close to her mother, straining at the ropes around her hands as she did so.
“Mother?” She drew closer. “Mother? They’re gone.”
She spent long moments using her teeth on the ropes and finally was rewarded for her efforts as they parted and fell away. Then she went to work on her mother in earnest. Water, sponging, nothing made any difference. She listened for her breathing. Her mother didn’t move. Her face was dead white except for the yellow spots, and hot as fire to Myrrha’s touch.
Myrrha stooped beside Reiha, reaching for her. Only silence answered her. In a sudden frenzy of realization and fear, she dropped to her knees and cradled the woman’s head and shoulders in her arms. For a long time she stayed that way, while the storm clouds gathered and the wind increased, and the clouds dropped their load on their unprotected heads.
Finally shew moved. “Mother?” The head rolled against her, and she jerked back. Once more the head flopped, this time upon her arms. She leaned forward, her mother’s face tightly cradled in her arms. “No. No,” she whispered over and over again. How long she stayed with her mother in her arms and the “no”s spilling from her in a flood, she could not have said. But her heart twisted tighter and tighter, the storm moved on and day faded into night.



Chapter 10


Malin left breakfast, as soon as politeness permitted, his clear eyes darker than usual, almost a gray. He changed into loose trousers and tweed jacket, gathered his bedroll and pack of provisions which indeed Aunt Aila heaped upon him, and he and Rilse walked in silence across the grounds of Roswood and into the shelter of trees drooped just so over flowers and green lawn.
Your thoughts are pretty loud. Rilse padded beside him.
Malin walked furiously. Karis was coming to live with him, and if he could not come up with a solution, Malin’s life would be over. All eighteen years of it. He could take moving to town and all that such a change entailed. But that was nothing beside the specter of living with his darkly gifted cousin. For someone who was uncomfortable with magic, you couldn’t get any closer to it. Karis was always in the thick of such things.
Basil, his source of social advice, would be absent for two whole days. He thought about Basil being gone. Over the weeks and months he had been in town, he had seen Basil think his way through almost any problem from the social world. But what if Karis wasn’t a social issue? What if Karis was a family problem? Could Basil help then?
Karis is coming to stay with us, Rilse, to live with us. Maybe forever. Are you listening?
Rilse yawned. Just don’t try to drown him again in Piper’s Stream. His voice in Malin’s head was almost stuffy. Once more he had caught Malin’s memories.
They traversed the woods and set up camp that night in one of their favorite places. A stream ran close by, a mile or two before it joined the Bradden River and flowed to the sea. After supper from Aunt Aila’s provisions, Malin unrolled his bedroll and climbed in. Rilse curled up beside him. Overhead the trees raised their branches to those stars not obscured by clouds; crickets sang their hearts out beside the stream, but Malin saw nothing, heard nothing, except the somber chorus in his head, “Karis is coming.” He saw the stars, but they only emphasized the darkness of the night sky. Even the woods were filled with Karis’ presence, Malin thought, and he hadn’t come yet.
So upset was he that Malin, who was always aware of the weather, did not sense the storm coming in, and Rilse didn’t care. They awoke to pouring rain, the bedroll almost floating away on the engorged stream. Malin weighed the town without Basil against the woods with the rain and finally decided on the town. If Malin was any judge of weather, and he was usually accurate, the rains would last several days and he and Rilse were already soaked. About two hours before dawn, they were back at Tegyn House, to no Basil in Malin’s hour of need.
Malin slid into bed and into a restless slumber. Morning came, and after hot water, and warm food had repaired some of the damage, Malin settled himself to wait. It would be tomorrow night before Basil would again appear to brighten their lives and solve their problems. He paced and thought, read, and dozed.
He awoke around suppertime to the sound of carriage wheels on the cobblestones of Tegyn’s driveway, a sound he had unconsciously been waiting for. Basil. He had returned early. Malin headed eagerly to open the front door and got there just as the carriage was departing and Basil was stooping to set down his bags.
“Basil, you can’t imagine what - ” Malin’s words trailed off for Rilse had bounded up beside him with a low growl for the person facing them.
And then Malin saw. It was the wrong face, an intense face with dark hair and eyes that were almost black, eyes that seemed to look through and beyond you as if you were not there. Whoever it was, was slim, though wiry, and at least four inches shorter than Malin.
Rilse pushed against Malin’s legs, then sat down on his haunches. If I were a wolf, Malin thought, I would howl.
But you’re not. You’re only a human, Rilse teased. Is it Karis?
Yes. Karis had come. Malin had worked for months on social graces, but all he had learned deserted him in one fell swoop. For long moments, he stood staring at Karis, his mouth hanging open, while Karis stared at Rilse.
“It’s a wolf, isn’t it?”
In his mind, Malin tallied the list. Wolf ears, wolf eyes, wolf nose and body, wolf tail, must be a wolf. Astounding deduction. Then he really looked at Rilse, who was still white. Karis had come and the gytrash had not surfaced. Even Rilse had deserted him.
Something hunts him.
Karis? Who would hunt Karis? Who would want Karis?
Karis was now looking at Malin, and the silence was loud.
“Yes. A wolf,” Malin sputtered. Remembering Basil’s teachings, Malin forced himself to smile at Karis, then he fell silent, his face melancholy as instructed, but the melancholy was real.
Karis said nothing. He just stared at the wolf, then Malin. Malin wondered how long two people could stand saying nothing. Someone would have to say something soon, wouldn’t they?
Maybe action would help. Malin was good at that. He reached for one of Karis’ bags on the porch; Karis grabbed the other and they headed for the door. The door just wasn’t wide enough for both of them together, along with the luggage. They bumbled through it like inebriated bees.
It was still raining. Rain had brought him home to Karis. Probably, Malin noted morosely, it would never stop. Then he checked his body. Rain brought a heaviness to his legs, and he had learned to gauge time by the degree of heaviness. Two more days. The rain would last two more days.
“You’ve come.” Malin decided he would switch tactics and work on saying nothing, but using lots of words. However, the rest of the words would not come.
Karis looked at Malin strangely. “Yes.”
Rilse stepped into the breach, padding ahead once more to the study where a fire blazed. Don’t just stand there, invite him in.
“If you want to leave your bags here for the moment, we can go into the study and warm up.” Malin was recovering himself. “A bite to eat? Something to drink?”
They made it through the evening, Malin foraging in the pantry and showing Karis around. Finally Malin showed Karis upstairs. “This room’s empty. You can use it.” Malin set Karis’ bag down inside the door.
Malin looked around, curiously. He had seen it when Basil first showed him around, but he had paid little attention. The room was very similar to his, but the trio of windows looked out on the tree-lined carriage way at the front of the house. “Your bathroom is just down the hall. Towels are in the linen cupboard inside it. The fire’s been going for several hours, so there should be plenty of hot water.” And Malin left him.
Karis thought about it. A hot soak. After a two-week journey on the mail coach, it sounded irresistible to him. He had felt his load lighten the further south he came. For the last week he had almost felt free of the dark mage that haunted him. Free. He grinned. It didn’t matter that Malin was not thrilled to see him, for that had been clear to him. They could sort that out later. It felt like he would actually have a later.
He would miss Lon, his twin, but an absent Watcher was a godsend. Often Lon had been the only thing that had stood between him and the dark mage. From the time he was five or six, Karis had felt the Watcher, as he called him, that dark presence that shut out all light and made him feel paralyzed. As he grew older, the Watcher seemed to come more often and stay longer. Only when Lon was with him did he feel any relief. When Lon was there, it was as if their minds were so close, the dark mage couldn’t get between them. Yes, he would miss Lon. But perhaps now, Lon too, would have a life.
Lon had tried to persuade Karis to tell his mother, his father, or at least his older brother, Areth. But Karis couldn’t bring himself to do that. What if they thought he was crazy? What if they thought he was attracting dark mages because he was a dark mage in the making? Perhaps darkness was all he would ever know.
Then, on his eighth birthday, a minstrel had been performing for his family. The last song in a rather boring repertoire caught Karis’ attention. It was a song about bearers of light, those with special gifts being called to the Halls of Learning to be trained to fight the dark. After their training they would enter a City of Light to await the final confrontation of light and dark.
The song had so impressed Karis that he had insisted on learning it. “It’s a very old one,” the musician insisted. “An ancient and true tale.” Karis repeated the words to himself: “City of Light. Fire Gates. Bearers of Light.” He could taste the words on his tongue, in his mind. The words and the tune stayed with him, rattling around his head at odd moments. After a fear-filled night with the Watcher, the hope of such a place, a place where darkness and evil could not come, was sometimes all that sustained him. He had been intense before, but now he had something to be intense about, a goal to attain.
Karis would look at the brightness of his younger sister, Alyssa, her blue eyes and blond hair, and hope she was safe from such darkness. He thought of his mother. He thought of his younger twin, Lon, who had given so much time and effort to help him keep the Watcher at bay. Once he had asked Lon, “You don’t think it’s someone from the Halls of Learning checking me out to see if I have the gifts to be a light bearer?”
Lon had looked at him sadly. “No. He doesn’t feel like anything from the Light. Only darkness would invade your mind that way. It’s like he’s playing with you.”
Karis had been forced to agree. “A not-very-nice someone.” Then he added. “You see how it sounds? Like we’re playing a trick or plotting something. Areth would tease mercilessly if we told him.” And Areth would.
“Mother would not. Nor would Father,” Lon would insist. “You should tell them.”
Eight-year-old Karis never could. Somewhere in the deepest part of him, he was sure something was wrong with him to attract such darkness. He knew it was darkness. A terrible force in the hands of someone with no love, only the desire for power. Such coercion was the antithesis of all the good Karis knew. If he told them, his parents might perceive he had a flaw that attracted darkness, and not love him any more. Only Lon would stick by him; Lon would love him anyway. So he had said nothing.
But now he had some hope. In Tegyn, the older Karis unpacked his things and put them away in the bureau and the wardrobe. Then, gathering clean nightclothes, he made his way to the bath. He would be clean. All the dust and dirt from his two weeks in the mail coach would be washed away, the dark shadow of the watching mage erased. He lay in the hot water of the bath, breathing deeply, joyfully.
Soaking in the white tub, he thought back to every book and scroll and scrap of writing that had anything to do with the Halls of Learning in the Inner Lands, or the City of Light. The few little bits and pieces he had discovered he had eagerly shared with Lon. He remembered the first time.
“Lon. Look. Look at this.” Karis had not been able to keep the excitement from showing in his voice, though his face was controlled.
“Um.” Lon had been immersed in his political history of Westra and her allies.
“No, really. Look here.” And Karis had shoved a small scroll on top of Lon’s book, pointing to a paragraph in the center. “Read just that part.”
Lon read, “The City has grown large, a thing of great light and beauty. Its glory, once seen, lingers in the eyes and the mind; it can never be replicated by anything else mortal. Oh, that we could all live there. Light bearers continue to leave the Halls for the City, and new trainees emerge in a continuous stream from all our worlds. My assistants and I are thrilled with the growth and success of the plan. We’ve had to add two new assistants this year.”
“See? It’s signed Anselm Graythorne, Master of the Halls of Learning. They do exist, Lon. The Halls of Learning are real. The City of Light is real, not just a myth.”
Lon had looked up from the pages of the scroll Karis had placed before him, yellowed pages, fragile as spring’s first flower. Lon understood. Finally there was some evidence that the City of Light did exist outside of a song. It might just be possible for Karis’ hopes and dreams to be realized.
“Are there any more entries like this?”
“No. Just the one. The rest is just history. But there is this one, and it’s in a history book.” Karis had grinned at Lon, his heart sailing high over the darkness he lived with.
“Once I pass through the Fire Gates, the dark mage, the Watcher, will have to leave me alone. He can’t go there. I’ll be free.”
Free. The word clanged about, ringing bells all through Karis’ head. Free. That year it seemed that the days without the Watcher’s scrutiny, without his presence, could be counted on both hands. What would it be like to be free?
Relaxed and reclining in the white tub, Karis felt real hope. Perhaps by coming to Godsel he had left the dark mage behind him.
He dozed, thoughts of light and freedom sifting through his head. Then once more he was remembering. He was back in Heath Halls, in Mythro, just before his seventeenth birthday. The Watcher was there, always, like an overlay on his life. Didn’t the mage take time off to eat, drink, or tend to his own bodily needs? He seemed always to be watching. “Why? What does he want?” He asked Lon. But neither he nor Lon could answer that question.
On the eve of their seventeenth birthday, he and Lon had left Heath Halls in the company of Rast, his father’s huntsman, to seek the outskirts of Mythro. Lon thought they might elude the Watcher, or at least distract Karis from that constant pressure.
They headed inland to the forests, following a little-used trail, riding until the late afternoon sun could no longer find them among the trees. The Watcher seemed to be more distant than he was in the city, though still there. The campfire was just right to take the chill off, and they gathered gladly about it, eating the food Lon and Karis had prepared while Rast tended the horses. They bedded down for the night, Karis and Lon both feeling lighter, more relaxed than usual.
Just before dawn, Lon woke suddenly, bombarded with images of Karis being smothered. Startled, he fought to open his eyes, to lift his head to see what was happening. He could not move; in fact he could not lift his hand, nor move even a finger. He tried to sense Karis, and failed. He was locked out.
He forced his eyes open, trying to see Karis and finally succeeded. Above Karis was a cloud of immense blackness. From it came a voice, mellow and rich, speaking words in a tongue that made no sense. Yet Lon knew they were terrible. Beside him, he felt the tension in Rast, and knew he, too, was unable to move. Even the horses seemed frozen.
The voice left a sickness, a weakness upon Lon, and he knew it would be worse for Karis, who was the center of its focus. He tried to move towards Karis, to wake him, but the voice held them all. Lon was filled with disgust, as if the cloud and the voice were unclean and invaded every part of him. And he was only on the edge. What must it be like for Karis?
Lon knew what he needed to do. He needed to wake Karis, to jar him loose from whatever held him. He struggled to move his limbs, his neck, even his fingers, but he was pinned to the earth, completely immobile. All he could do was lie there waiting while the cloud of darkness devoured them all.
Thicker and thicker it grew, lower and closer it came, its cold filling their bones. Lon knew there was no escape, not for himself, certainly not for Karis, not for Rast, maybe not even for the horses. He could now feel the horror in Karis’ mind and he sensed the Watcher’s malice as he closed in.
Karis would be first, then Lon knew it would just absorb him and Rast, completing the job. They would exist only as a small fragment in the mind of the mage. They heard a cough, a sharp intake of breath, and just as suddenly as he had come, the Watcher drew back and disappeared.
All three of them lay there shaken and spent, wondering what had happened and what had saved them. Then finally they began to move. Rast rose and hurriedly rekindled the fire; the others sat up, gathered their blankets and moved closer to the fire, as hungry for its light as for its heat. Such darkness. What would it be like to live in it forever? No wonder Karis wanted to be a bearer of light, Lon thought, as he launched a fervent hope, a wish hurled to the stars themselves, that Karis would be one before it was too late.
“What in thunder was that?” Rast asked, finally, his thin body stiff and his voice a harsh whisper.
“A black mage, I think.” Karis’ voice was still shaking. “He’s spied on me since I was very young. But not like this. I felt like he was going to take my mind.”
“Does your father know, boy? The queen?” Karis shook his head. “They must. That’s nothing the likes of us can handle. Pack up. We’re aheadin’ back.”
As they entered Heath Halls, a servant intercepted them and brought them to the queen, who was pacing in the small parlor off her rooms. There was a fire kindled in the grate, hot cider and warm pastries on a tray. Queen Gwynne hastened to them, her hair black above the white lace at her throat, above the ruby color of her dress. She said nothing at first, just put her arms around Karis and held him for a long moment.
“I could see what happened, as if you were all in the room with me. It’s not the first time, is it?” She spoke slowly, her voice low. “How long has he shadowed you?”
“Since I was about eight.”
“Eight years old? You’ve had years of that? Why didn’t you tell us?” The queen was astounded and appalled.
“Well, not quite. Tonight was especially strong,” Karis admitted.
“A mage. A dark mage. And I have so little power,” the queen said, regretfully.
“Obviously, I don’t have enough either. I didn’t stop him. He just suddenly pulled back,” Karis gave the flat truth.
“Perhaps if you were further away, if you went south to Godsel...”
Karis could see the black mage walking the stretches of Fainra. He didn’t think distance would make any difference; but his mother seemed so desperate to help him, he said nothing. Besides, he thought bitterly, he needed to leave Lon before Lon, too, was destroyed.
When it was decided Karis would go south, Lon had wanted to come with him to Godsel. Karis protested. He could tell Lon that he, too, was in danger, but he knew that would not deter his brother. “Stay here and be my decoy. It may be that the Watcher will not realize I am gone until he can no longer trace me.”
Lon was not convinced. “He doesn’t haunt me.”
The queen stepped in. “Lon is needed here. The war between Lord Turgor and his minions and our allies is heightening. The King left earlier today to meet with the alliance committee. He asks, Lon, for your help.” So Lon stayed, and Karis came.
His journey south had been like a dark dream, for in spite of their hopes, their plans, the first three days the Watcher was right beside him. Karis resisted the temptation to open his eyes and look, afraid of what he would find. He fought off sleep, terrified at how helpless he would be if he gave in to it.
He found himself immensely grateful when the coach came to a way station and the drivers were fed, or the horses changed. The commotion and company seemed a protection to him. He missed the presence of his twin, their closeness, their connection, but not even that could keep the dark mage away, not any longer.
Karis stirred in the tub. The water had cooled. He reached for the shining brass knob and turned on the hot water once more. He rippled the water with his toes, remembering. For three days the Watcher had seemed right beside him, then suddenly, for no reason Karis could discern, he had left. A week on the road, and Karis felt free for the first time in months. Perhaps the plan really would work.
When he had again felt the Watcher, several days later, it had been only as a distant presence, too distant to cause the terror and power he had felt before. He had even dared to fall asleep for the first time in a long time, the tenseness of his pale face relaxing, a slight smile playing over his features. He dreamed of a city of light and walked its streets, a city where no darkness could follow.
He had awakened to look out of the coach windows, to see the fallow fields of autumn, the bright sunlight glancing off the ocean under fall’s blue canopy of sky. He had found peace in the sea, spilling to white upon the rocks, in the gold stubble and deep brown of the fields stretching away from the road to the tall trees of Westra’s forests. Here and there sheaves had been gathered, curing in the sun, waiting to be taken into the barns for the winter.
He had found himself caught up in the rhythm of the horses’ gait, their sound joining with his mind, creating a new pattern for his world. He had lost track of the days during his journey to Godsel. He spent time with the books he had brought with him, the sun warm on his face, the air fresh through the windows.
Afterwards, he was never sure if the journey had taken one week or three. He hadn’t cared. As they traveled, the Watcher had seemed further and further away. By the time he arrived in Godsel, he wished that he had confided much earlier in his mother.
So here he was in Tegyn, in a bath, with his cousin Malin uncomfortable as his host. His thoughts went to his cousin Malin, a cousin he had met briefly five years ago, a cousin he felt didn’t like him much.
He smiled a little, remembering their trip to Fainra. He only went there now when he chose to do so. But he hadn’t had the control then, and he had dragged a reluctant Malin with him. However, an unhappy Malin was nothing compared to an absent Watcher. Besides, maybe they would learn to get along, though he felt Malin’s disapproval of magic. Well, if he looked carefully at that issue, he disapproved of it himself, certainly dark magic in the hands of a dark mage.
Karis was not sure what he expected from Tegyn, but he liked how it felt. Clean and light, welcoming, with no Watcher. Perhaps the mage was from the north, and his power only reached so far. Maybe his mother was right after all. For Karis, life had never been more wonderful. And tonight he would sleep in a bed, with no dark presence about. He emerged from the bath and put on his nightclothes, went into his bedroom, crawled into bed and slept.
In his room, Malin sighed to Rilse. Prince Karis will bring on a raft of parties and social life. How will we keep up our surveillance?
Sleep. Rilse curled up and put his paws over his ears, mocking Malin.
Eventually Malin, too, drifted off to sleep.



Chapter 11


Morning came. Still no Basil, thought Malin, waking gloomily, no Basil with cheer and solutions to his people problems. He looked for Rilse, but Rilse was also nowhere to be seen. Even Rilse had deserted him.
He dressed and went down to breakfast, where his last hope, faint though it was, was dashed: Karis was not a figment of his imagination. He was up before Malin, in the study, reading. He had already found the library and had hauled out one of the biggest books in it. The face that greeted Malin was bright, almost glowing. Malin did a double take. Was this his morose cousin?
He glanced thoughtfully at Karis, as his cousin returned to the book he was reading. Reading was good, thought Malin, but not that good. The rain was still coming down, drumming on the roof. Malin shook his head to clear it, wondering if it was also drumming in his head.
They breakfasted. Orange rolls and hot tea do not take long, but Malin felt like the world could have been created and destroyed in the time it took. They ate in silence, tension dripping around them like the rain, as Malin listened to Karis’ one word replies to his attempts at cheery conversation. It was like mallet blows on fine porcelain, he told Basil later. “Except for a few ‘pass thes’ and ‘thank yous’ we might have been stricken with a strange malady that did not allow any speech.”
As Karis left the dining room to return to the library and his book, Malin followed him and made one more attempt at conversation. “How did you say you came?”
Karis dark eyes blinked, focused, and he finally answered. “Mail carriage.”
Right. A prince of a parcel. That explained it. Malin knew there was something nagging at him. There had been no fanfare, no state processions and fuss, just the post. Karis didn’t want it known he was in Godsel. Why not?
Avoiding what hunts him.
What hunts him? Rilse, you’re sure something hunts him?
Yes. I told you last night.
Malin stared at Karis, his eyes boring into him. This was not the time for polite conversation and dancing around things. If something really was hunting Karis, they needed to know. He was living with them now, and with the abductions happening in Godsel, they couldn’t take chances. It was one thing to have a relatively unknown visitor like Sir Sedron kidnapped; it was a totally different matter to have a prince of the realm abducted.
“Something or someone hunting you?” Malin was direct, his tones level, his left eyebrow raised. Karis had magic, and that he didn’t get. But hunters and hunting was something he did understand.
Karis looked nonplussed for a moment, then he sank into a chair, his eyes veiled as they dropped down to his book, his features once more smooth and unruffled. Malin discovered he had indeed learned a lot about people. The crackling of the air was there, that tenseness. Karis was trying too hard. Rilse was right.
Of course I’m right. Rilse sniffed, yawned, and stretched.
Karis looked back at Malin, clearing his throat. “You can never be too careful, what with the war and all. We thought it would be better this way.”
Ah, Malin thought. The oblique response, the admittance of nothing, with everything still bubbling underneath. “So nothing, no one specific?”
Karis looked even more uncomfortable, a flush showing beneath the rich tones of his face. “Right,” he lied in a mumble, and knew as he did so that Malin knew it. And the wolf. He stopped a moment at that thought. Then repeated it to himself. The wolf knew. Malin and the wolf communicated. So his cousin also had his little secrets. Well, he would keep his tormentor to himself, at least for the present.
Oblique it is, then, thought Malin. Aloud, he added, “Sending a letter saying you’re coming that gets to Deirdre is the best way I know to announce to all and sundry in the area that you’re here. It’s like sending out a town crier.”
Karis was startled and suddenly uncomfortable. Like a hound, just before it’s released to the chase, Malin thought. It didn’t take much to make Karis tense.
“That letter was to go only to your father. No one else but he and you and maybe Basil were to know.”
“Won’t the post let it out?”
“They don’t know. I’m just a poor student from the district outside Mythro coming down to study. Prince Karis is still in Mythro, at Heath Halls.”
“Your twin Lon? Doing double duty?” Karis nodded. Malin resisted the impulse to ask why, knowing it would not solicit the real answer.
“Since Deirdre knows, it may be all over town by now.” Malin looked out the window. “Still raining. Probably will continue for the next day or so. That may save us.”
“How?” Karis was anxious and hooked. Malin smiled. He had indeed learned a few things from Basil.
“Deirdre hates discomfort of any kind and has probably not left the house. She has likely not even had the energy to plan a social event and ready the invitations for it.” As he spoke, Malin headed down the hall to the closet for rain gear. For him, action was always better than waiting; walking in the rain was better than trying to talk to Karis, or play host.
His raincoat was still wet from the day before, so he borrowed Basil’s. “I may be able to stop the news before it gets started.” He shrugged his way into the black raincoat and boots. Rilse emerged from their rooms.
Going out?
Roswood. Karis doesn’t want it known he’s here. He’s pretending to just be a poor student. I need to throw Deirdre off the trail.
To confuse his hunter?
Malin shrugged. Something like that. The real Karis is supposedly still at home in Heath Halls. He has a twin there.
He collected an umbrella and turned back to Karis who was at the library door. “Does this poor student have a name?”
For a moment Karis was caught off guard. He stammered a bit, then he suddenly grinned. “I’ll be Komran, Komran of Mythro.” Malin, in turn, was caught off guard. Karis’ smile was like lightning on a dark night, it flashed out, illuminated his dark features, even his eyes, then vanished.
Malin opened the front door. The rain was still dropping down, but Malin was committed.
Coming, Rilse?
No. Rilse walked up to Karis, nuzzled his hand, then moved past him into the library to curl up before the fire. Karis stood looking after him, both surprised and a bit grateful. Friends, he thought, where you least expect them.
Malin felt unaccountably betrayed.
I’ll watch here. Then Rilse added, I’ve been watching all night. And he stretched out on the rug. There’s nothing there now. You will be safe.
Thanks. Malin’s sarcasm was lost on Rilse. Has there been anything there?
No. But coming, I think.
What?
Enemies.
From the north?
South.
That was nothing new. Malin opened the door and went out into the rain. At Roswood, as he had suspected, the rain had been their friend. Deirdre had not been out, nor had any of her friends been over. She was bitterly disappointed that only a student, not the prince, had come. “But that’s not what the letter said.”
“Father just got another one, explaining. The prince’s friend is coming, not the prince himself. He’s just a student, coming to study with Basil.” Having festivities for a student were just not the same. It wouldn’t stop her, but it would slow Deirdre down.
On the way back, Malin stopped at Oldsbury Hall. Lord Lindsey looked up from his papers to see Malin shaking the rain off him onto the hardwood floors of the tower space. Malin looked a little cross and out of sorts, something unusual for him. The disappearing stairs often had that effect on his son, Lord Lindsey mused, but this sounded like more than that.
“Karis is not Karis, but Komran. He doesn’t want it known he’s here, so he’s pretending to be a student. Have you told anyone else he’s here?”
“The rain has kept most people away. I’ve seen only Medric this morning, and I forgot to tell him. We were discussing southland problems.”
So it was as he expected, Malin thought. The rain had been helpful here, too. No one else had been notified. Malin sat dripping in his favorite chair, not taking time to remove his rain gear. His blank gaze rested on the rain-streaked windows behind his father’s desk, seeing only Karis’ face.
“Have you breakfasted?”
Malin nodded morosely.
“Has Basil returned?”
Malin shook his head. “Only ‘Komran’ has come,” he attempted to jest. But it didn’t come off right.
Company and no Basil. Lord Lindsey leaned back in his chair, scrutinizing Malin. “You and Karis getting along all right?”
“Oh, sure. He’s reading and I’m letting you and Roswood, particularly Deirdre, know that only a student has come, no one notable.”
“That’s good of you. Were you successful in heading off the social onslaughts of Deirdre?”
“Yes. The rain, you know.”
Lord Lindsey finally realized what was nagging at him. Malin was alone. “Where’s Rilse?”
“At Tegyn.”
“With Karis?” Even Lord Lindsey was surprised.
Malin nodded, sat for a few more moments in silence, watching water drip from his coat.
So that was it, Lord Lindsey concluded. A little jealousy perhaps?
“Rilse is staying to protect Karis, I think. He seems to feel he needs it.” Malin was very careful in his phrasing, not giving much away, yet feeling he should warn his father. “Well, I’d better go.”
He stood brooding, then headed back down the disappearing stairs, through the tower wall, and into the rain. The gods of doom and gloom were working overtime today, he thought. By suppertime he was back at Tegyn, where he found both Rilse and Karis dozing by the fire, the book Karis had been reading was open on his lap. Karis had probably slept most of the day, he thought.
Malin built up the fire in the library, for it had died to mere embers. He heard the cook enter the back door and start preparing the evening meal. Karis roused enough to go upstairs to his room for a while, returning when supper was ready. Another miserable, silent meal, Malin thought, as they filed into the small dining room.
Just as they were about to seat themselves at the table, Malin heard carriage wheels crunching on the cobblestones. Basil. It had to be Basil. Malin felt the cloud lift. He excused himself and headed for the front door. He was not disappointed. Basil, his mentor, his friend, had come.
“Give you a hand with the old luggage?” he asked Basil. As they toted it in, he went on with his news. “Karis is here to live with us, and study,” he announced.
“Karis is here? Come to stay?” Basil asked. At Malin’s nod he said nothing more, but his face was thoughtful.
A sudden thought struck Malin as they headed back to the dining room. Karis would be living at Tegyn. Who knew what strange dark things might come hanging around? Especially if, as Rilse had said, something hunted him. Surely, though, it could not be anything from Fainra, from the Spirit Walks. Rilse was lounging on the rug in the dining room.
Rilse. Anything out there?
Not yet. Rilse sounded hopeful.
Rilse came in to dinner with them, a morsel or two from the table was his goal, and Malin indulged him, his better nature reasserting itself. If something hunted Karis and he needed Rilse beside him, then that was how it would be. Besides, what could you do with a wolf that speaks to you and has his own mind? Malin slipped him a piece of meat.
You were watching. Any sign of what hunts him?
Rilse shrugged, or at least as close to a shrug as a wolf can get. No. Just something. But something strong.
Malin wondered if Karis could hear Rilse, since Karis could speak mind to mind with people, at least in Fainra and perhaps to Lon. But it seemed animals were not his thing.
After the introductions, Karis focused on dinner and his appetite was keen, almost as if he hadn’t had a good meal in a long time.
When the silence started to get long and strained, Basil filled it with bits of information about his and Abelard’s family in the country. “My brother has a prize pig, and just before I left, we caught a neighbor trying to feed it weeds and special herbs to make it lose weight. That pig wins the prize at the fair every year, at least it has for the last four.”
Malin laughed. Pig wars and country fairs were better than wars and kidnappings. Malin thought about conversations, and how the loud parts are really humming along underneath everything else.
To know that something was hunting Karis, hummed along pretty loudly. Malin waited for Karis to explain what was happening and why he was really at Tegyn, but Karis didn’t. Even Basil didn’t try to quiz Karis.
Anything happen while I was away at Roswood?
No. Rilse lifted his head. But I’ll keep an ear open again tonight.
Finally, after more chitchat about nothing, they rose from the table. Basil steered them towards the study. Rilse followed.
“This is where we work, unless we need to use the library over there,” he told Karis. “Mornings we look at history, maps, old lore and ancient tongues, that is if Malin is up for it.”
Malin stiffened, and gave him a look of disdain.
Basil continued without a break. “Afternoons we study mathematics and the sciences.” Basil opened the library door so Karis could see. “The books are here.” It was growing dark, so Basil carried in his hand the lamp from the dining room and placed it on the table between the two stained glass windows. Opposite, a fire burned in the small hearth. Outside, the rain still drummed on the roof.
“At the moment we’re working on the early history of Westra and the basic languages of her neighbors, as well as some of the old writings. Since there are three of us now, we’ll probably spend more time in the library.”
Karis seemed to be recovering nicely from whatever worry or fatigue he had. “Do you study every day?” He seemed actually anxious to begin. Again Malin felt displaced. Basil would probably really appreciate a student who liked being a scholar.
“Mostly. Unless we don’t.” Malin did not feel too conversational, or polished, just grumpy.
Basil’s glance rested for a few telling moments on Malin. “Well. Tomorrow is soon enough to begin,” he turned and headed out of the library, Karis and Malin following, “after a good night’s rest. Perhaps even the rain will stop.”
Malin replied without thinking. “No. Not tomorrow nor the next day either.”
Karis looked at Malin. The look said a mouthful without leaving anything to become egg on your face, Malin thought. Karis was a lot more aware this time than he had been on the occasion of their meeting years before.
Basil set down the lamp, wished them good night, and Karis and Malin went off to their respective rooms and closed their doors.
Rain, mostly book work, and Karis? I can hardly wait for tomorrow. I shall probably not sleep a wink in anticipation. At least Malin could still talk to Rilse.
Just shut your eyes and sleep. Rilse’s world was simple. Ironies were lost on him. His earlier question returned to Malin.
Can Karis hear us?
Maybe.
That finished the conversation for the night.
In the morning, as Malin had predicted, they awoke to rain which lasted for yet another day. For those two days, except for meals, Basil set Malin to work in a corner by himself, while he tried to evaluate what Karis wanted and needed. Each day Karis seemed a little fresher and more alert. Each day Malin’s hope of witnessing Karis’ speedy departure dimmed a little more. Every night Malin contrived a quick moment to check with Basil on the problem, but each night Basil solemnly shook his head.
As Malin told himself, gloomily, Karis was there to stay.



Chapter 12


The third day Malin awoke to sunlight and Basil. “After breakfast,” Basil suggested, “perhaps you and Karis might tour the town. You could take him out to the old watch tower, see the garrison, and look at the new fortifications. You might even take a ride through the forest.”
“You’ve an idea, Basil. I can see it forming even as you speak.”
“I may be teasing the edges of one. Breakfast will be served shortly.”
“You should go touring, Basil suggested to Malin. So they prepared to go touring, Karis and Malin and two horses from Lord Lindsey’s stables, since Lanier was still out in the pasture. Rilse had left before daylight and had not returned, so Malin and Karis went riding without him.
The horses had been brought from Oldsbury Hall by a groom, and were waiting just outside the front door. They mounted, and the tour was on. Karis seemed tremendously interested. He had never really spent any time in Godsel before and everything was new to him.
Besides, Lord Lindsey had just re fortified the old watch tower and the town walls, as well as building another watch point opposite the first. Though the war was distant, it seemed good sense to be prepared, especially considering forays from southern riders and kidnappings.
The two went first to the watch tower, affectionately called the castle, Malin’s old home. It had been repaired to make a semi-fortress, for even though watch towers were relics of the past, they were reasonably strong and would afford protection in a pinch. Besides, it was a perfect place to train the young men from the town.
The tower was set high on a bare bluff, except for one lightning blasted tree. The sea below dashed itself determinedly upon the rocks, and the wind blew strongly off the water, full of salt and seaweed. At the gates, Malin and Karis dismounted and left their horses with the guards. In the main courtyard, Malin pointed out his old room.
“Until just a few months ago, when I moved to Tegyn, I lived here.”
“What were you doing here?”
“Well, when war started we decided to begin a training program for the young men about Godsel. The heirs of the nobles could opt out, but we hoped most of the others would come for at least a year, maybe two. They could train with the soldiers and the trackers here to be ready in an emergency.”
“Let me guess. You were their first candidate. And you were here for two years. Setting a good example, more or less.”
Malin laughed. “More or less.” He looked around but the castle seemed mostly deserted.
“Where is everybody?” he asked a soldier on guard duty. “Out on tracking exercises?”
The man grinned and nodded. “You’ve got that right, Master Malin. They left at daybreak and won’t be back until dusk.”
Karis walked through the mossy courtyard, and entered the hallway Malin had indicated. “Wasn’t that stone cold in the wintertime? Drafty?”
“Yes,” Malin admitted. “But Rilse and I loved it.” He opened the door to his old room.“I understand. No people to please. No outside interruptions. Just your own thoughts and wishes.” Malin was caught by surprise at Karis’ understanding, but more so at the sudden longing in Karis’ voice.
“ This was my room.” Stark gray stone met their eyes, two small chests, a narrow bed.
“And across this courtyard, up that circular stair case on the outside of the central tower, is Reben’s quarters, the man who trains all of us. In the tower itself is the old main hall, right through here.”
In the main hall of the central tower, the old banners were still hanging on the walls. “Would have been a sight to see in its heyday,” Malin said, as they skirted the huge tables that were still in place, stepping carefully over the stones of the floor, some of which were cracked and raised until they were a danger to the unwary.
Karis had to agree. They left the main hall and stepped into another room, a mid-sized room.
“This was probably the last lord’s council chambers,” Malin guessed. “Look at those old weapons displayed on the walls. How would you like to have used those?” He turned to Karis, but Karis was unable to respond. He was seeing and hearing something that Malin was no part of. Malin moved away from Karis. He would not be taken on a journey to Fainra again, if he had any say in the matter.
But Karis was not in Fainra. He was in another time, in that same room, listening to members of a council seated around a table that was long since gone. Sometimes when he experienced locations for the first time, past events opened to his view as if they were just happening.
He could see the past council members, all dressed in long dark robes except for the chain of office that gleamed gold on a man of about fifty, seated at the head of the table. He seemed to be in charge. At the foot of the table stood a young man, disheveled, upset and breathless, who had just burst into the room.
“Pull all light bearers, all the gifted out of all the worlds? Leave the dark mages, those committed to evil with no checks? No one who can fight them? Evil will have won long before any major confrontation ever happens. If we abandon our worlds, we abandon our own humanity.”
“No one has said anything about abandoning humanity. You’re too hasty, Soreg.” The man at the head of the table spoke calmly, his voice deep and rich and smooth, a contrast to the sharp tones of the young man who had just spoken, a contrast that made the young man seem choleric and immature. “We have searched the old lore and the prophecies, and we wish only to be ready. If we use the Fire Gates to the Halls of Learning, and from there create a new gate to a space beyond, where time has little effect, we can build, in those Inner Lands, a great City of Light that will never know the dark. It will receive the trained and prepared light bearers, protecting them from the ravages of time. Think of it. The city will be a glory, a legend, and a dream for those on all the worlds of Kadere.”
“Where are the others of our council? Why are they not here?”
“They are off on assignments throughout the many planets of our system. Apparently they did not feel the urge to be here, for they were all notified.”
“As I was? There was no attempt to reach me. If I had not come unexpectedly to the city this morning I would not have known.”
“It is so difficult to find a time when all magicians can sit in council. Someone will always be gone.”
“Five others, besides myself are gone, on assignments you gave them.” There was an almost audible gasp around the table at the effrontery of the young man. So rash, so rude. But they contained themselves while he continued. “You must hold this issue until they return. They, too, have the right to speak.”
“If we were to wait until all were here, nothing would ever get done. We must move forward.”
“What will happen to our worlds when the Light withdraws? What will fill its place? The countries of our worlds will fall to evil.”
“No. Not to evil, but into the hands of men, who will grow stronger with the challenge, as will we in the inner lands. When the final confrontation comes, we will all be ready.”
“All that is needed for darkness to triumph is for light to do nothing. If we withdraw and wait, we have surrendered without a fight.”
“No. No. We prepare. We will continue to prepare, so that we may win.”
Then as quickly as they had come, the men vanished, their voices fading out. The last thing to go was the table, and Karis was once more aware of his surroundings, of Malin, who stood several feet away trying hard not to stare at him.
“Interesting room,” Karis muttered, as the current room replaced the older one, empty of course, except for the two cousins. What had he just witnessed? Why?
“Quite right,” Malin agreed, and nothing more was said.
They finished the castle, and returned to Godsel, where they toured the new watch point on the north bluff. It had been well built to protect it from the buffeting of wind and sea with space for a small detachment. Mostly, it was for surveillance, unlike the south tower which was used for training.
The town itself was next on the list. The sunlight was hard on the cobbled way as they rode into the narrow inner streets of the town, as hard as the noise of boots that suddenly clattered over them in a rush. Shouts filled the air. Karis and Malin fought to control their horses, who reared at the rush of bodies and sound that erupted right before them, and down the road they were on.
“What the...?”
Malin caught Karis’ eye as they fought to control their horses. Then, almost in the same moment, they dashed off in pursuit, spurring their horses after the clattering throng.
“What’s happening?” Karis shouted.
“I don’t know,” Malin shouted back. “Let’s find out.”
They reached the end of the street and thrust through the narrow opening into the larger spaces of the open courtyard, the outer fortification of which was the sea wall of Godsel town. There they found a cluster of town youths ringing a small guercat that was backed, spitting in frustration and fear, against the four-foot sea wall. The small animal’s back was arched, and her tawny fur stuck out in all directions.
Three feet away was the lifeless body of one kitten. The guercat’s gold eyes were fixed desperately upon another kitten that mewed as it dangled before her, held precariously in the hand of a large, mindless youth. Malin was sure he was mindless. No one who was really aware would handle one of the mage cats that way.
Behind him he heard Karis say, “A guercat? Here?” His voice expressed disbelief.
Right, thought Malin. A thinker. Whether out of anger at the senseless cruelty or from a desire to impress Karis, Malin couldn’t say afterwards, but he rode his horse right inside the circle of young boys, reined him in hard, and swung himself to the ground. In a few strides he had reached the youth holding the kitten.
Malin hesitated. Well, all right. Thinkers and doers. If he grabbed for the kitten, it could be crushed by the boy before he could get it. True, he was his lord’s son, but the boy hadn’t registered that yet. Before Malin could impress him with his status, the kitten could be dead.
Once more Karis’ voice emerged from the confusion. And suddenly Malin realized that it was not coming through his ears but through his mind, as it had in the Spirit Walks. I thought they only lived in the southland wilderness.
Shades of the Spirit Walks, Karis was doing mind talk again. Then there was something else in Malin’s mind. And before he could really identify the source, he was chuckling at its grim humor.
“What’s so funny?” Karis sounded puzzled.
“She wants to know,” he pointed at the cat, “if we’re going to stand here all day or if we’re going to make ourselves useful.”
Karis brushed back his short black hair with his fingers, astonished. “You can hear and understand her thoughts?”
Malin nodded, embarrassed at the wonder in Karis’ voice.
Karis grinned. “Let’s make ourselves useful.” He spurred his brown mare to the wall of buildings, outside the circle of boys.
Malin caught a brief protest from Karis’ horse at the touch of spurs, then he waited, startled. For instead of riding forward to the cat’s aid, Karis had moved away from the clamoring boys and closed his eyes. He sat still upon the horse he rode, so still that Malin was disgusted. Another kitten was about to die, and Karis did nothing. Then Karis’ lips twisted in a mocking smile, as he began chanting softly, his right hand moving in the air before him.
Not nothing, worse. Magic, Malin thought.
The boys had the same idea. “Magic,” they whispered. For who could tell what power was at work? The guercat had started to grow. And not just slowly, either.
The village youths stopped their forward movement, aimed at enclosing and trapping the poor cat. In fact, not only did they stop, but they began to reverse directions. By the time the cat was double in size, so was the circle ringing her. None of the youths wanted to be too close. They had forgotten the kitten.
Their eyes bulged and became glassy, like the eyes of fish when they are plucked from a stream. Their mouths opened and closed, soundlessly, and on each face was the same dazed expression. Malin stole a quick look back at Karis. He was still sitting on his horse, his dark eyes alight, his lips moving and both hands working before him as if he shaped things he was releasing. Malin looked back at the guercat. She was now the size of a large dog, and still growing.
It was too much. Suddenly, the youths retreated from the dog-sized guercat against the sea wall and turned to flee. Cries broke from them then, for they were now facing a semi-circle of ghost cats, the same size as the guercat and like her, still growing. Even Malin was astounded. Slowly and deliberately the cats stalked towards the boys, who retreated inward towards the guercat once more.
But when the cats changed color from a tawny gold to midnight blue with eerie blue eyes, and when the now huge, dead kitten arose, almost right under their feet, the boys broke. Their courage left them and they fled in all directions. However, the boy holding the kitten stood motionless.
Malin looked back at Karis. His hands were holding something: the boy, Malin thought. He’s holding back the boy with the kitten. Malin reached out and took the kitten, stooped and slipped her safely onto the cobblestones close to her mother.
The boy suddenly seemed to come to, gave a sudden yell, and turned to follow the others, but his way was blocked. The largest of the ghost cats in the semi-circle stood facing him while the mother stalked him from behind. He was frozen in place with fear and babbled at Malin who came to stand beside him.
“My Lawrd,” his jaw went slack and the words were garbled, “My Lawrd. Din’t knaow ‘twas yers.”
“It isn’t.” Malin’s words were very certain. “But neither is it yours.” My father would be proud of my dignity, thought Malin. He’d been trying for years to accomplish what this youth had in just a few minutes.
“But it’s jist a cat.” He looked around. It was obviously no longer “jist a cat.” It was a pride of cats.
He dropped to his knees, blubbering in earnest now. His mouth was slack, his nose dripping. All the other village youths had broken through the ring of ghost cats and were gone now. The last remaining boy was frantic.
Behind him the cat, still growing, was now the size of a small pony. The cries coming from her had also grown in volume and lowered in pitch until they had become the growls of a wild land predator. The youth turned a blank, terrified look upon Malin, who was suddenly disgusted with it all.
“I’ll nowt touch another one. I’ll nowt...” They lost his words in the terrible roar from the mother guercat who was padding steadily behind. He half rose in terror, tripped over his own feet, crab-crawled over the cobblestones beneath the very nose of the nearest cat, and took off down the now empty street.
As the cat’s tormentors disappeared, Karis and Malin watched the kitten, clumsy on her short legs, slip on the wet stones. She squalled, righted herself and leaned against the back leg of her mother. The second kitten shrank in size and collapsed to lie where it had before, lifeless and still on the gray stones.
Malin approached the still form and picked it up, cradling it in his hand. It was indeed dead. He had hoped it was just unconscious, but its small head lolled in his hand, its neck broken. He felt something rubbing against him and looked down to see the mother guercat. Again he felt the thought patterns that had touched him earlier, more precise and light than those of his horse and the other animals around the keep, but not as conversational as Rilse.
My kitten? This time both words and image were precise. Obedient to her request, Malin laid the little tawny scrap of fur before her. She sniffed for a moment, then sat back on her haunches and gave a cry.
Suddenly Malin’s mind was filled with a space that seemed to contain nothing, yet was connected to everywhere. Then that faded and there was only the image of a small live kitten safe in his pocket. He glanced back, searching for the guercats, but the mother and the lifeless kitten were no longer there. The other kitten was slipping on the slick stones, mewing for its mother, who was nowhere in sight.
You’re just fine, Malin imaged to the kitten. She made her way over to him, sliding as she went. The cobbles were too damp from the spray of the sea for surefootedness. She seemed to have no better idea of where her mother was than he did. He stooped and picked her up and placed her in his breast pocket.
Malin looked back at Karis. His brown mare was slowly picking her way closer to the sea wall and Malin.
“Did you see where they went?”
“The cats?” Malin shook his head. “Not really.”
“But you know,” Karis insisted and urged his horse forward until he was even with Malin. “Well?”
Malin became very busy trying to remount his horse, which had come to him at his mind call. He was reluctant to answer. If Karis didn’t know about guercats, Malin would sound pretty silly. Karis was the magic master, not Malin, he thought, as he swung himself up on his horse.
Karis studied Malin for a long moment, his eyes dark and unfathomable. Before Malin could formulate an answer, the guercat was back on the stones before them. Lightly she leapt to the saddle of Malin’s horse, who snorted a bit at the unaccustomed smell and feel of her, turning its head to gaze at her.
“Well?” Karis insisted. “Where was she?”
“She ‘winked out’,” Malin’s reply was reluctantly dragged from him.
“Which means?” Karis prodded.
“She can move to somewhere that isn’t really here, and return.”
Karis was thoughtful. “Do you know how she does it?”
“No.” Without discussing it, both young men turned their horses to retrace their way.
“Do you think it was her magic that started them off?”
Malin shook his head. “They wouldn’t know it was more than just a strange-looking cat.”
Karis fell silent and they rode for a time that way.“If guercats can wink out, why didn’t she? Why didn’t she do it before those boys caught her?”
Malin caught the undertone of anger in his voice. “Don’t get cross with me. I’m not the cats’ keeper. Besides, she couldn’t. The kittens cannot ‘wink out’ and survive. The stress of the change is too much.” Malin stole a quick look at Karis. Was it possible that he truly cared? That they had something in common?
Suddenly the guercat let out a series of cries, shrill, perhaps complaining. Karis and Malin, startled, looked at each other and the cat, then they laughed. Such a small creature to take on the world. They rode for some time in that bright September day.
Karis spoke up. “Remember the last time we went riding?”
Malin tensed, remembering. “Magic was happening then, too.”
“The magic wasn’t all mine.”
“What do you mean?” Malin was a bit indignant at the suggestion. “All I did was give your horse a little suggestion which it liked as much as I did.”
“I mean your coming to the Spirit Walks. Only those with magic can come there, even if they do catch a ride with someone else.”
“That’s one thing you can’t accuse me of. I have no magic.”
Karis seemed surprised at Malin’s vehemence.
“I have a few skills with animals, with weather. But I’m no worker of spells, no wielder of secret symbols and objects. With me, what you see is what you get.” The mewling of the kitten finally brought them back to the moment.“We have a family to manage,” Malin pointed out.
Karis was suddenly matter of fact. “What shall we do with a guercat and her kitten? Want to ask her?”
They reined up and looked at the cat and her kitten, Malin stealing a look at Karis, searching for any signs of ridicule. Karis, however, was dead sober.
“Well,” remarked Malin, “we can’t leave them in the town for the next miserable passerby to harass.”
“Can we take them into Tegyn?”
Malin listened a moment. “No. She says guercats need isolation to develop. She says the best place would be into the east forest.”
Obediently they turned their horses and headed out of the town. “The east forests curve south, ending up fairly close to Tegyn and the south wilderness. Rilse roams that area, and can keep an eye out for them,” Malin interjected.
“How long does it take for a guercat to develop?”
“Three to four months. The kitten is probably two months old now. Another month or so and it should be able to fend for itself, at least ‘wink out’ with the mother.” Then Malin realized the mother was sending images to him. “She also says we need to slow down or she will tumble off.”
They followed the road out of town, where the noise of the waves flinging themselves fiercely at the cliffs and the sea wall made speaking impossible. The guercat snuggled inside Malin’s jacket, her claws flexing and releasing as cats do. Only her eyes and the black tip of her nose were visible. The kitten had also settled down in one of his jacket pockets and was sleeping, exhausted after its fright.
Just outside the town the trail turned east. going inland towards the forest, several leagues off. They rode slowly in the crisp fall weather, the blue of the sky a shell above their heads and the sunlight an almost tangible gold on their backs.
They rode in silence until Malin could take it no more. “How do you do that?”
“What?”
“You know. Make guercats multiply and grow.”
Malin thought at first that Karis was not going to answer him. When he did, his voice seemed to come from far off.
“I see light, like strands the weaver weaves together, and I create a picture, an illusion. The picture seems real, depending on the amount of energy and time I use. If I do it in Fainra, it becomes more real, more lasting.” Malin’s memory of his short time in that place made him look around and over his shoulder.
“More real?”
“Yes. I try not to do much there but far see. If I weave light there, it can reach into this world in ways I can’t always predict.”
Malin was disturbed. Fainra creations were bad enough, but their intruding into his world made his neck crawl. “Like what?”
“Well, if I were to give your shade a purple ear in Fainra, when you returned to your body you might have a purple ear. Or someone around you might have a purple ear. Sometimes,” he paused, and a roguish smile flashed out, “sometimes the purple doesn’t fade.” Then he added, “So only in a crisis do I create in Fainra.”
“How do you get to the Spirit Walks?” Malin was frankly curious, though it was almost inconceivable to him that anyone would want to go there.
“I focus on being there, and I’m there, although when I was younger, sometimes it just pulled me in.”
Suddenly Malin felt sorry for Karis. Maybe having magic power was not so great for the one who had it. “This time with the cats?”
“I didn’t go to Fainra. I only needed to create illusions from balls of light. How do you do it?”
“Do what?” Malin stalled, not wanting to tell Karis anything.
“You know. Hear animals.”
“Well,” Malin said reluctantly, “I’m not sure. Sometimes I just have a picture in my mind and sometimes I hear words. With the guercat it was both.”
“And with Rilse?”
How did Karis know he talked to Rilse? Had he heard them? He answered reluctantly. “Rilse talks to me in my head, just like you and I do.”
“Using words? Real conversations?”
“Yes. He’s good company.” Malin was proud of himself for not adding the obvious - that Karis wasn’t always.
They were leaving the trail now, and moving over the grassy plain that rolled up to the edges of the forest of Arden, a forest which extended north all the way to Mythro, Karis’ home. The tall grass was dry and swished against the legs of the horses as they continued at a steady pace.
“Guercats aren’t native to this area.” Karis unbuttoned his jacket, for even though the air was cool, the sun was warm. “How do you think they got here? Did she tell you?”
Malin fixed on the guercat. “She says they lived in the southlands. Danger sent them north, on a ship which docked in Godsel. She also says she has a name.”
Karis grinned. When he smiled, he almost seemed likeable. “A name. What is it?”
“Kipscellanthenoleatre.”
“That’s not a name. That’s a title.”
Malin laughed. “She says you can call her Kipsce for short.”
By now the guercat was out from under Malin’s jacket and perched in front of him. Her golden eyes reflected the scattering of gold leaves that were all around them, intermingling with the dark green of the firs. The few leaves that had fallen were soft underfoot.
“Do you have a place in mind?” Karis was mildly curious.
Malin hesitated. “Maybe. A couple of hours further into the woods is an area with clear water, a cave for shelter, and lots of small game. Seems like it would be about perfect for a guercat, but I don’t know for sure.”
Malin was concentrating on avoiding the branches across the trail that seemed almost to reach out to snag them when they came to the crossroads. The left trail wound north, towards Mythro, the right headed south, and the east trail continued straight ahead.
Malin entered and stopped. The guercat in front of him was spitting and growling as if she were facing the town youths again in defense of her kittens. Startled, Malin looked northwest, in the direction she was facing. He could see nothing that could cause her alarm. He turned back to Karis, only to find he had also stopped several paces behind. His eyes were open, but they were glazed. He was unaware of anything around him.
Malin was angry and upset at the same time. What was happening? Fainra, again? He quickly averted his eyes and turned back to the trail, shivering in spite of himself. No wonder Kipsce was upset. Well, there would be no second ‘Spirit Walk’ for him. He would keep his eyes directly on the trail right in front of him.



Chapter 13


Malin had his hands full. The guercat, on the saddle in front of him, was spitting and growling. Karis’ eyes were glazed and he was ‘gone’ once more. The horses were spooked and hard to handle, but worse was yet to come. Suddenly Malin’s mind was filled with a horde of black, troll-like figures, featureless save for fire pits for eyes. He almost fell out of the saddle as the horses reared in fright, catching the strange images. Malin struggled, trying to clear his mind, to reclaim it from whatever vision had caught it.
Digging her claws into him lightly, for purchase, Kipsce leaped to the ground, bounded across and sprang up on Karis’ horse. As she pulled away from him, Malin felt his mind clear. The trolls disappeared. At least he could think straight and calm the horses. He breathed a sigh of relief; he wasn’t in Fainra with Karis. Karis hadn’t pulled him there after all, so the images couldn’t have come from there. It must have been Kipsce.
“What’s spooking the animals?” It was Karis, back from wherever he had been.
Nice of him to drop by, Malin thought wryly. “I don’t know. Have anything to do with you and Fainra? The guercat’s been spitting and hissing like anything.”
“Fainra? No. Did you ask her why?”
“I’ve been a little busy,” Malin was short. “And my head’s been full of a bunch of trolls.”
“What do you mean trolls?”
“Just trolls. Large, funny looking, knobby things. Kind of black and ugly.”
“Ask her.” Karis insisted, indicating Kipsce in front of him. “Go on, ask her.” He wanted more.
Malin reached out to Kipsce. “The trolls are there, in her mind, but they’re fading. She says she came north because of them.”
“Anything else?”
“No. You can’t pull much detail from a cat’s mind. What about you? Where were you?”
Malin’s tone was a little belligerent. Guests were usually treated politely, their comfort and welfare was supposed to come first, but he just couldn’t consistently manage it with Karis.
His cousin caught his attitude and Karis’ eyes smoldered. “What is that supposed to mean? You think I like being pulled away?”
Malin stared at Karis. The comment caught him by surprise. Mages were supposed to like all that stuff. “You didn’t do it on purpose?” Malin didn’t care if Karis was angry. He wanted to know.
“No. Not this time. And not the last time we were together either.” He paused, remembering, then he sighed. “Mostly, I can control it.” He obviously didn’t want a lengthy discussion of the matter.
Malin persisted. “What happens? How does it get you?” As soon as he had said that, Malin regretted it. An image of that place lurking to snag him was almost overwhelming.
“I am part of both places, living in both.” Karis’ voice was slower now, more reflective. “I can’t always tell which is which.”
“What good is it?” Malin demanded indignantly.
“Sometimes I see things, get answers, whether I like it or not.”
This was almost unbelievable to Malin. His powerful cousin jerked around like a puppet. He thought of his abilities. With animals, he just communicated with them. They didn’t own him and he didn’t own them.
“What about this time?” Karis was silent. Malin persisted. “Did you see something? Something besides those gray masses?”
When Karis spoke, his voice was low, slow. “I saw a hand that reached over the forests of Arden to catch the last bit of light. Then it closed into a fist, and the light was gone.”
The cat took this moment to desert Karis and spring back in front of Malin, startling his horse and putting her face directly in front of his, so close her whiskers tickled his chin.
“What does she want now?”
Malin focused on the cat. “Something troubles the southlands. Darkness spreads, and the animals flee from its touch. It’s closer here.” Kipsce’s tail whipped restlessly behind her as she faced Malin. Then she circled around two or three times, curled up in a tight ball, and turned her face back to the west, as if she were watching for something. He urged his horse forward.
“For some time now,” Karis spoke cautiously, coming up behind Malin, “For some time now, I have awakened in the night to feel an evil presence watching me. When I am in the Spirit Walks, I sense a dark force looking for me, perhaps waiting for me.”
“You think what threatens the guercat threatens us as well?”
Karis shrugged. “Who knows?” He gave a short laugh, as if mocking himself.
The hair crawled on the back of Malin’s neck and he wished the conversation had never happened. As they rode, he found himself musing over the situation. Black fist, indeed. Was Karis’ Watcher at the root of the forays into Godsel? The attempts to abduct townspeople like Abelard? There was trouble enough with Turgor’s armies in the north besieging the borders of Westra’s allies and neighbors, Esfalia and Anor. Westra had no need of more trouble.
In the company of the guercats, they followed the trail, the cat and her kitten quiescent in the deepening afternoon.
“How far do you think we should take her?” Karis’ voice was unexpectedly loud in the silence of the forests, disturbed by no other sounds except the hum of fall crickets, singing the days away and the last cries of geese on their way south. Cold weather would soon be there, but not yet. In fact it would be late this year, Malin thought.
“I don’t know, but I figure she’ll tell us when to stop.”
“Taking orders from a cat. If this gets out, we could be ruined.” In spite of his pretended disgust, there was a sparkle in Karis’ voice.
“Not just a cat. Kipscellanthenoleatre,” Malin pointed out.
“Indeed.” Karis bowed in the cat’s direction, his sudden grin infectious.
As the afternoon shadows lengthened to evening, they rode more slowly, for not too much light found its way into the dense part of the forest surrounding them.
“If it’s this dark now, what will it be like by nightfall?” Karis was uneasy, remembering his last night in the forest.
“Dark.” Malin laughed in spite of himself. “And it comes early this time of year.”
“Will we be able to see enough to find our way home?”
Malin hadn’t thought of that, but he wasn’t going to admit it to Karis. “Oh, probably not. We may have to camp here for the night.”
Karis was silent, assessing the situation. “Do we have what we need to camp?”
“I hope so.” Malin’s automatic honesty could be a pain to both others and himself. Way to build confidence and respect, he told himself.
Before them and to the right was the beginning of a small ridge. As they approached it, the guercat stirred, sniffing the air and turning from side to side. At her unspoken request, Malin pulled up his horse and stopped, Karis pulled to a halt behind him. Quickly the cat leaped down from Malin’s saddle and disappeared into the trees to the side of the trail.
“Well, Malin, friend to the cat world, what do we do now?”
“We wait.”
“Right.” Karis paused a moment. “How long?”
Before Malin could answer, the guercat was back on the trail in front of him, her strange golden eyes fixed on his.
“What does she say?” Curious, Karis pulled alongside.
“She says she and the kitten will stay here. This is a good place and far from the black trolls.”
Karis felt the back of his head tingle. “The black trolls? Will she tell you more?”
Malin looked at the cat. “Not likely, not now. There are only kitten images in her mind.”
Karis’ eyes narrowed, like he thought Malin could do more if he wanted to. Malin caught the look. Maybe Karis was right. He turned back to the guercat. He plucked the images from her mind and tried to send them to Karis, as if he were Rilse. It didn’t work.
“Well? Who are the black trolls?”
“She can’t tell me.”
Maybe, Malin thought, maybe he really did want to annoy Karis. In fact, maybe Malin was looking forward to camping out under the stars in the black of Arden Forest. If Malin was any judge, Karis was no camper. He’d be a wreck before morning. Magic was not everything. A little woodslore could be useful too. “Sorry.” Even to Malin’s ears that sorry wasn’t sorry at all.
“There’s a small cave over there to shelter the cats, and there’s lots of good water and game.” Malin pulled the kitten out of his pocket, swung out of the saddle, and placed it on the ground in front of Kipsce. Karis, too, swung down from his horse.
Immediately the kitten jumped on her mother’s back, fixing her teeth into the thick ruff that ran along the spine. With a whisk of her tail, Kipsce was off, springing lightly through the undergrowth to appear shortly after in the rocks on the lower portion of the ridge. Then she leaped from view.
“If we stay for a bit, think we’ll get any more out of her?” Karis’ voice was too casual. Malin could see right through it.
“Not likely,” Malin remained noncommittal. “Animals are notoriously unreliable, and guercats are especially capricious.”
“Do you realize we may be the first in several generations to see a guercat?” Karis was off again, philosophizing.
Malin half smiled, fingers rubbing the back of his neck. “We have camp to make.” Malin looked around at the deep shadows that reached from the tall trees on either side of the trail. Judging from the length of the shadows, the sun was just dropping below the horizon. They had some light left.
“Will Basil worry about you?”
“No. I often head into the woods for several days, though I usually let him know. I don’t think he will worry.”
Karis was frankly curious. “Why do you go to the woods?”
“I like being outdoors. Woodslore and herbs and animals are important to me.” Malin thought about his scouting activities, but he was not yet prepared to reveal them to Karis. If Karis didn’t trust him, maybe he didn’t trust Karis.
He could see Karis nodding. “I bet you’ve learned a lot from your world. Will Rilse follow us here?”
“I don’t know. Maybe, maybe not.”
They walked off the trail together, Malin in the lead. They pushed through a fringe of brush and into a small clearing under huge firs. While Karis admired, Malin scanned the area. There was a faint trail to the right, and Malin took it to a smaller clearing with a circle of stones at the far end against a small, bare hill. Good. They were where he had meant to come. He and Rilse had camped there in the past.
Soon Malin had a fire going and a pan on for water to boil. When he picked up a horse, the grooms always included several days worth of supplies. He always had a pot, some herbs, barley for drink, dried beef, fruit, bread and cheese in his saddle bags in case of emergencies.
They tethered the horses by a small stream a short distance away and prepared to eat a sparse meal. Sparse, because Malin really only carried enough for one person. There would be nothing in Karis’ saddlebags, but it would do for tonight. Tomorrow, early, they would be back at Tegyn. While the water came to a boil, they laid out their meager provisions.
Suddenly the guercat walked into the camp area, crossed to where Malin was stirring the fire, and laid a freshly killed rabbit at his feet. Malin was no hunter himself, for the fear of the hunted overwhelmed him. But he had no trouble eating someone else’s kill. He lost no time in putting the small animal on a spit over the fire to roast. By the time a succulent smell overlaid the small glade, Malin was feeling pretty good. Supper, good grazing, water. What else could they wish? As soon as the coney was cooked, he and Karis got down to the serious business of eating.
They scarcely noticed the heat that licked at their fingers nor the bits of soot and ash that adhered to the rabbit. Being outside sharpened their appetites. Besides, Malin was convinced that it was poor planning not to be well fed in the face of whatever emergency might arise.
“I think your cat appreciates our efforts.” Karis, too, was content, and his stomach full. The world seemed a good place to be in for the moment,
“My cat?” Malin corrected him quickly. “No guercat belongs to anyone unless she selects them. We are simply her transportation.”
“Sorry,” said Karis, his hands outstretched, palms down, looking around for the cat. “No offense intended.”
The guercat took this moment to return. She stared at Karis, then she walked over to Malin, her golden eyes two small flames of their own.
“What? What?” Karis asked.
“She says it might be nice to be a hearth cat to a stay-at-home scholar and gentleman back in the town. She’s had enough excitement in her life.”
“Basil?”
“Yes. I think so.”
“How does she know about him?”
“Probably caught some of my memories, like Rilse does sometimes.”
Karis laughed. “Wonder how Basil would like his description, ‘stay-at-home scholar.’” Then his merriment died away, and Karis turned abruptly to Malin. “See if you can get any more information from her about the black figures. It’s important, somehow.”
Malin felt air currents on the back of his neck, as if someone were breathing on him. More trouble from the south, as if southern riders were not enough. Now they had Kipsce and black goblins. But the cat was gone as quickly as she had appeared. He shrugged. “Maybe later. We might see her again before we leave, and we might not. She’s a cat, you know, and not given to accounting to humans.”
The fire was dying down, the rosy color fading from things it touched leaving them almost black and white to Malin’s eyes, especially the figure of Karis across from him. Maybe life was like that for mages, he mused.
Suddenly Karis glanced up and across the fire at Malin. “You look like Areth.”
“Your brother?”
Karis nodded. “He’s up at the battle front.”
“You miss him.”
Karis nodded. Probably only at that time of night across a campfire in the wilds would he have admitted it.
“How long has he been gone?”
“A little short of two months.”
“Do you hear from him regularly?”
“No, not from Areth. He’s too busy, and messages can be intercepted. But we did get some information when a wounded friend returned home. He was all right then.”
Malin caught the slight emphasis on then.
After they finished eating, they rinsed their utensils in the stream and set out their blankets. Each had one tied to his saddle. The blankets were not really warm, but they would do fine for this season of the year. Malin banked the fire, and both young men turned in for the night.
Malin was asleep before the coals had completely cooled, but Karis tossed and turned, his black eyes staring restlessly into the forest around them, half fearing, half expecting the mage to appear. He only too clearly remembered his last camp with Lon and Rast before he had come to Godsel. Finally he, too, fell asleep.
Malin didn’t know what awakened him. Perhaps it was some sound from the guercat, for when he awakened, she was there, wearing the midnight blue coat she had in the presence of magic. Her pale blue eyes were sources of light in the darkness. She gave a small cry and pushed at Malin with her paw, then stalked, almost in a huff, over to Karis where she touched his face with her long forepaw.
Malin caught a strange sound from her, a chittering noise, and slowly Karis sat up, his movements vague and indefinite. He had been in the Spirit Walks, and, it seemed, the cat was scolding Malin for it. She gave one more short cry, and Karis seemed to come to, turning his head to face Malin across the fire.
“Karis?”
“Yes.” The voice was sleepy and slow.
“Karis?”
“What?”
“Are you all right?”
“Hmmmmm...”
“Did you do it? Or did it catch you?”
He rubbed his face with his hands. “Caught me. Thankfully the cat pulled me back. Something there seeks me tonight.” Malin shuddered as Karis continued, the words spilling out almost without volition. “And not just tonight. It almost got me just before I headed south.” Grimly Karis remembered and shivered. “We thought distance might help, but the dark mage seems closer today, not farther away.”
Anger swelled in Karis. “In Tegyn House I felt safe for the first time since he began to shadow me. But today I felt him again, back in the meadow, at the fork in the trail.”
Just then the cat pawed again at Malin. He looked at her and caught a quick image. “She says the evil that comes from the south waits in the Spirit Walks for you.”
“Looks like I’ve run right to it, whatever it is.” Karis muttered to himself.
“What can we do?”
“Keep me awake. When I’m awake, I can usually stay out of the Walks where he lurks. But when I’m asleep -”
Malin wished for Rilse. Or Basil. Or even that the guercats would hang around. There was more magic happening than he was comfortable with. He felt in over his head. But he was stuck. Karis was his cousin and there was no other help around.
“Just shake me awake when I start to fall asleep.”
“That’s all?”
“That’s all.” Easier said than done. Staying awake all night did not seem irresistible, let alone possible to Malin. Then he thought of Karis, hardly able to close his eyes for the last months and maybe even years.
For the rest of the night, that very long night, Malin kept watch over Karis, shaking him from time to time. Strangely enough, the guercat returned with her kitten and stayed, too.
Just before dawn, they all must have nodded off, for the cat pounced on Malin. His first thought was why didn’t the guercat just wake Karis and let him sleep? Then he was bombarded with images of Karis being smothered. Startled, Malin really opened his eyes. He found it took effort. He looked over at Karis. Around him was a cloud of immense blackness. From it came a voice, speaking words in a tongue that made no sense. Yet Malin knew the words were terrible.
The kitten tunneled into him for protection, and the mother cat turned to face Karis, her back arched and stiff, her fur making her appear twice her normal size.
The voice left a weakness upon Malin, a lethargy. Its focus, however, was Karis, who lay unmoving, his eyes blank and staring. The cloud grew, becoming blacker, descending upon Karis. Kipsce snarled and spat at it.
Malin sat up and thrust his blanket aside. He had to do something. Karis was in real trouble. But what could he do? How do you drive away magical black clouds that want to absorb your cousin?



Chapter 14


The cloud over Karis was dense black. Even Malin, on its edges, could no longer see through it. It was cold, too, almost as cold as the shades in the Spirit Walk. But it was worse, somehow. The shades were willing to share. This entity was not.
It was the cat who saved them. From the fog of sleep, Malin heard her cries, vaguely saw her spring on Karis. Karis did not move. Kipsce turned and spat at Malin. He roused from his sleep and stumbled to Karis.
“Karis!” Malin yelled, but Karis made no response. Malin reached for Karis’ arm and pulled on it, oblivious to the blackness overhead. When there was no response, he grabbed Karis by the shoulders and shook him. “Karis!” Again and again Malin called his name, with no results. Where was Rilse when he needed him? He had half expected Rilse to join them, when they did not return home in time for supper.
There was no answer, from either Karis or Rilse. Obviously not versed in the ways of polite society. However, there was Kipsce.
Mind touch. Maybe she knew what she was doing, thought Malin, but he didn’t. He had managed to do it before only because Karis had been making the connections. I have no magic, he reassured himself.
Then came a sudden image from the cat, and Malin acted before he thought, magic or no magic. He placed one hand on Karis’ shoulder and the other on the mage cat.
Malin was not prepared for what happened next. The cat gave a wild cry and suddenly neither Karis nor Malin were in the forest clearing. Nor were they in the Spirit Walks, for which Malin was thankful. The Spirit Walks had been gray, this place was black and white. Where Fainra seemed full, this place was empty. Nor was it cold. Temperature had no meaning here.
Malin was so startled he might have let go of both Karis and the cat, but it was not possible. It was as if they were bonded together, connected by something flowing between them, a river of power, of emotion, or both. Somehow Malin knew that to remain in that place, in that state, would mean death, but it was not unpleasant. Wherever they were, they had escaped the cloud and the voice. If they died, it would at least be as themselves.
Even as he reached that thought, they were back lying in the woods in the forests of Arden, and they were only Karis, Malin and a cat. The connection between them was broken, noted Malin, thankfully. The dark cloud and voice were no longer present in the forest, just the faint edge of morning in the eastern sky. Adventures are good, he thought, but adventures with happy endings are great.
The guercat sprang away from the young men, gathered up her kitten, and stalked into the woods without even a backward hiss. Karis, though his eyes were open and aware, did not move. Malin went to stir up the fire. He needed to act, to be part of the real world. Breakfast. He seized upon that idea. They would need food. He put water on to boil, throwing in a handful of roasted barley to make a drink.
Behind him, he heard Karis stir. Malin glanced at him out of the corner of his eye. Malin felt drained, but Karis was white as a cow’s udder. He leaned back against the trunk of a nearby tree, and for a moment Malin panicked.
“Karis,” Malin started to say. He meant to say, “Stay awake. Don’t sleep. You’ll be dragged in.” Then he caught himself. It was morning and the Spirit Walks, the voice, had not the same power in the dawn as at night. Karis looked across at Malin. Hastily Malin took a different tack.
“How about breakfast. A drink?”
Karis nodded. Between bites of bread and cheese, between sips of barley drink, he began to speak. “Where were we?” Karis’ words were loud in the quiet of the woods.
“I think the guercat took us where she goes when she winks out.” Malin sipped his drink and stirred the ashes with a green branch. “How did we escape the voice?”
Karis’ voice was thoughtful. “Surprise, I think, or perhaps he could not go where we went.” He was silent for a time, then he shuddered, and took a long drink. “He almost had me, you know.”
Suddenly Malin’s tongue was freed and the words spilled out of him, words he had to say. “I dozed, but it was just for a minute.” Karis just looked at him, over the rim of his cup. “When the cat woke me, I opened my eyes to see a thick black cloud hanging over you.” Malin’s voice slowed. “And there was this voice.”
“I heard it.” Karis looked at Malin. “It would be great if I never heard it again.” They finished their brief breakfast, and Malin reloaded their meager supplies back into the saddlebags. The utensils he rinsed with water, wiped them with a handful of grass, and replaced them in the saddlebags. They rolled up their blankets and re-packed them. Malin prided himself on being a man of action, but his actions had not roused Karis and saved them. In fact, he had not even been able to stay awake as he had meant to. That voice, he had a score to settle with that voice.
Malin waited for Karis’ accusations, for his recriminations to fill the air. When they didn’t come, when Karis didn’t say them, Malin felt honor bound to. “I should have stayed awake. I -” He stopped rolling his blanket. A horrid thought had just landed on him with both feet. Had he wanted something to happen to Karis? Did his dislike of magic, and those who used it extend that far?
Karis didn’t notice. He had started to speak before Malin’s outburst and continued. “Me, too. But I didn’t. I was paralyzed.”
Magic again, Malin thought. I was right here, dozing, true, but still here in this world. I wasn’t doing anything with magic, and it found me anyway. Malin’s mental voice was just a bit too sharp. “I didn’t ask to be caught up in magic.”
“You think I did?” Karis’ words caught Malin up short. “You think I asked to have magic?” Malin had no answer. Karis squatted on the ground beside the last of their fire, holding his hands to the warmth. “Malin, when you heard the voice, what did you see?”
Malin joined him. “A black cloud that got thicker the longer it stayed.”
“Was it there when you awoke? Or did it come after?”
“It was there when I awoke, but it was small. In seconds it had boiled up blacker and larger than a southland storm cloud. Then the voice came. It didn’t sound bad, in fact it was a marvelous voice, but it felt bad, like disease. And I knew -” Malin’s voice trailed off.
“Go on. You knew -”
“I knew you had fallen asleep,” the words were slow and cautious. Malin carefully extinguished the fire, smothering with dirt any coals still glowing. Then he went recklessly on. “I knew that I had to wake you. I went to you and shook you; you didn’t respond. It was as if you weren’t there.”
“You could move? You could get up and come and shake me?” Karis was astonished. “That’s not how it was the last time the mage came. We were all paralyzed, Lon and Rast and me. There was the same black cloud you saw, the same voice. But none of us could move. How come you could? Why doesn’t he have power over you?”
Malin stood abruptly, his blue eyes flashing. “The last time? This has happened before?”
“Yes,” Karis admitted reluctantly, “just before I came to Godsel.”
“And you didn’t warn me?”
Karis flushed, his face frustrated and angry, as he stood to face Malin. “I hadn’t felt him since I left Heath Halls.” He paused, then continued more calmly. “I thought - hoped - I had left him behind, that he functioned from somewhere in the north. I thought perhaps more physical distance between us would lessen his power.” Then he added, defensively, “There was no trace of him at Tegyn.”
“Was his power here less?” Malin handed Karis the reins to his horse.
“No.” Karis’ tone was bitter. “If anything it was stronger. As if he had tricked me into coming south.” He climbed into the saddle, his dark hair falling away from his face. “He’s haunted me since I was eight. What does he want with me?”
Malin scattered the remaining coals; the embers glowed a moment, then died out. What Karis had said finally sunk in. “He’s been around since you were eight?”
“Yes. Nine miserable, haunted years. What does he want from me?”
Malin was thoughtful. “I thought he might want your power. But at eight, how much power can you have?” He stamped the last remaining coals into ash and kicked layers of earth over them before he caught the reins of his own horse and mounted.
“Exactly. If he has so much more power than I do, and obviously he does, why would he need mine?”
Malin led the way and they started back to Godsel. Malin thought about what had just happened, and he sighed. He knew that as long as he had the company of Karis, he would run into such things on a regular basis. Magic would be a part of his life whether he wished it or not. Yet he looked at Karis differently now. Not only was Karis not invincible, he was in fact vulnerable. Maybe he needed Malin.
They returned to Tegyn House. Basil asked no questions, though he might have. Just helped them to food and hot baths. At Tegyn, Karis finally relaxed, and seemed less haunted. Briefly Malin wondered, why? What was different about Tegyn?
Rilse didn’t need to ask questions. He had already caught the incident from Malin’s mind. Powerful, but not nice, he suggested to Malin.
Malin agreed. You could say that. Not nice at all. Yet now there seemed no trace of the voice or black presence. Did we dream it happened?
You don’t dream like that.
Where were you, Rilse? You usually follow me out when I go.
There were southland riders in our woods, almost within a stone’s throw of our grounds. They’re gone, now, but they were there most of the night. The gytrash kept watch.
I wonder what they were after?
Malin didn’t wonder long. He and Karis slept through the rest of that day and the night. Rilse kept watch in the woods, but they were empty. At full light the next morning Malin awakened to Basil’s knock at the door. He entered with two cups on a tray, his face smooth but inquisitive, his button bright brown eyes missing nothing, including Rilse keeping watch out the back windows.
“Ah, Basil. A better awakening than my last morning.” Malin sat up and took one of the cups.
“Indeed?” Basil set the tray on the small round table not far from the bed between the two wing-backed chairs.
Malin went on. “Your friendly face instead of black clouds and honeyed voices of magic. There are things to be said for Tegyn House and Godsel - marvelous things.” Malin took in Basil still standing by the tray.
“Sit down, Basil, sit down. Let me tell you what happened. In the woods, this paralyzing black cloud tried to smother Karis, and there was this voice. Karis said it was a dark mage.”
Basil sat. “So that’s why he’s here.”
Malin was busy with his story and continued, not noticing the comment. “The guercat we rescued, rescued us.”
“Guercat? Mage cat?”
“Rilse had said something was hunting Karis.” Malin suddenly caught himself, glanced at Basil, who had allowed no expressions other than polite interest to cross his face, then plunged recklessly on. “I caught images of some black troll-like figures from the mind of the guercat. She said something drove her and her kittens to Godsel. What do you make of it all, Basil?”
Basil reached for Malin’s empty cup. “I’m not sure, but perhaps a conference in the library first thing is in order.” He anticipated Malin’s objection. “First thing after breakfast, that is. I’ll take this on to Karis.” He took up the tray, walking as unhurriedly as ever, closing the door softly behind him.
When Rilse and Malin began the descent to breakfast, it was without Karis. He was nowhere in sight.
When you go off for adventures, you should take me. Rilse was almost plaintive and for a moment Malin was taken in, before Rilse bounded ahead of him to the small dining room near the kitchen. Morning sunlight was streaming through the outer doors which were ajar. Light after darkness, thought Malin. How much brighter it seems.
Basil was there before them. Food. Basil. Sanity. Daylight. Malin soaked it all in. “Basil, adventures with magic just aren’t the thing,” he commented as he reached for the warmed pastries, the fruit and cheese.
“The thing?”
“Yes, you know. The thing. The height of living and all that. There’s something about voices emerging out of black clouds with mage cats clawing at your arms and winking out that leaves one a little cold. Give me a tangible enemy every time.”
Karis had emerged from the back gardens and joined them. “Indeed yes, Basil.” Karis took his place at the table, and his sudden smile flashed out, lighting his face, his almost black eyes. Malin suddenly grinned back.
“Indeed.” They declared solemnly, almost completely together, before breaking out in full blown laughter.
Basil looked from one to the other, and smiled. “Indeed.” Then suddenly they were all laughing. Laughing as if there were no dark mage, no darkness, no perils to face. The laughter died out. Basil, wiping his eyes, observed, “I can see there are stories here - sounds like a good beginning to our studies.” He gathered up the dirty dishes, Malin and Karis loaded up the food platters.
I will watch. Rilse padded to one of the double doors and pushed on it with a paw.
See if you can sense the guercats back in the east wilderness, behind Tegyn, Malin mind called after him.
They watched Rilse lope through the open grounds, into the treed area. Don’t have adventures without me, Rilse warned, and was gone.
A short trip to the kitchen, and the three headed to the library. Karis dropped into the nearest easy chair, closest to the fire. Malin sat across from him, while Basil leaned on the mantle. Karis described his life with the watching presence of a dark mage, the almost possession on the eve of his seventeenth birthday, which had brought him to Godsel. “But his presence in the woods last night was even stronger,” he paused, then added puzzled. “Except in Tegyn. I don’t feel him at all in Tegyn.”
“Maybe your mage is also at the root of Godsel’s troubles with southern riders and kidnappings,” Malin suggested. Finally, he thought. It was such a relief to have all the underneath issues out in the open.
Basil was silent for long moments. When he spoke it was to ask a question that had no relevance as far as Malin could see. “Are you wearing your medallion?” he asked Malin. Malin looked at him strangely. How did Basil know he had a medallion? That was something his father had given him years ago. He had worn it steadily in the wilderness, for years. As he moved to town and a different lifestyle, he realized he had forgotten it.
“Well, no. Not since I moved here.”
“Wear it.” Basil went behind them to a shelf in the corner of the library, opened a small drawer attached to the bottom of it, a drawer that was not visible unless you were at eye level with it. The two cousins swivelled to watch him. He opened it and pulled out a medallion and took it to the table, laying it out where the sunlight caught it.
Malin and Karis rose from their chairs and walked the few steps to the table to see. It was gold, with the intricate seal of Westra in the center, surrounded by swirling designs that could make you cross-eyed and dizzy if you tried to follow them.
“That’s just like mine,” Malin was surprised. “There are two?”
“Once, there were more. I believe these two are the only ones left.” Basil walked over to Karis and placed the medallion over his head and around his neck. “Whenever you leave Tegyn, wear it. You, too, Malin.” he said. “Wear them.”
Karis touched the medallion. “There are wardings here.” Karis was surprised. “Strong ones for such a small bit of metal.” He turned to Basil. “How strong are they?”
“Strong enough to keep prying eyes away, strong enough to protect against ordinary magic. These medallions are enhanced by wardings in Tegyn itself. When you’re close to home, they’re more powerful. They were prepared in a time when many dark masters of magic roamed the land. So was this house and this room in particular. No dark mage can reach you here.”
“So that’s why I felt safe in Tegyn. You don’t know how it feels to have someplace where he cannot come.”
I found some. Rilse was at the library door. He entered and stretched himself on the rug before the fire. Visitors, that is. Unwelcome ones. They’re gone now. But watchers were in the wilderness last night, and in the woods that meet these grounds.
Will magic keep them out?
They were right outside Tegyn, on the edges of town.
In the night?
Early this morning, while it was still dark and you were sleeping. They’re back in the wilderness now, waiting.
Malin was disturbed not only by their presence, but by their arrogance as well, as if no one could touch them. Waiting? For night?
I think so.
Basil was still explaining to Karis. “Tegyn House is protected against magic. In fact, that’s why your mother, the queen, sent you here. The medallions will protect you when you’re away from the house. So wear them. If you had worn them into the forests, the voice would have had much less power over you, if the mage could have found you at all.” Then he looked over at Malin who was staring at Rilse, listening. “What? What’s happening?”
“Rilse says there were watchers on the edge of our woods, and in the wilderness, last night. They’re gone now, but he thinks they’ll be back.”
Basil seated himself at the table between the two stained glass windows, and sighed.
Malin stared at Basil. Was this the Basil of proper manners? His tutor and mentor? The Basil of all answers and great powers? You think you know someone and all of a sudden he is someone else.
“Will the medallion keep the dark mage from tracking our movements?” asked Karis, always getting the full story if magic was involved. He brushed a pile of books out of the way and sat down with the other two at the table. Rilse was on the rug at the hearth, his muzzle resting on his paws.
“Partially. You will appear only as normal ungifted people.”
Suddenly Karis looked at Malin, bubbling with laughter. “Does Malin’s medallion serve the same purpose as mine?”
“Yes.”
Karis persisted. “Exactly the same purpose?”
Basil could see where he was going, as could a reluctant Malin. “Both of you have gifts. Malin has seemed reluctant to admit he has,” Basil coughed discretely, “gifts, so we let it go at that. We didn’t wish to disturb him.”
Don’t be disturbed. Even Rilse was laughing at him, thought Malin. He felt a warm flush settle about his ears and find its way up into his hair. ‘Gifts,’ Basil had said. ‘Gifts.’ Malin was both embarrassed and pleased.
“Gifted. That’s you, Malin. That’s you, too.” Karis was almost gleeful.
Basil went on. “This house and Heath Halls were both built with wardings. But somehow the ones in Heath Halls have not worked for years. The medallions tied to them either no longer work or are lost. The plan has always been that if there were danger, your parents would send you south, to Tegyn.”
“And if I could arrive here in disguise that would be all to the good.”
Basil nodded. “Exactly. But we didn’t know if this was just a visit, or if there was a strong reason.”
Both Karis and Malin were silent. Malin wasn’t sure what Karis was thinking but Malin found himself bombarded with the word, gifted. Me, Malin, he thought.
“We’ve been so focused on the war in the north with Turgor, we never thought of the south.” Karis seemed far away for the moment.
Malin turned things to a more practical level. “The kidnappers don’t use magic. They’re just men, southerners. Could they force entry into Tegyn? Will wardings keep them out?”
“No. They would discourage them, perhaps make them afraid, but they could still enter. Tegyn is magically protected against only magic. You think that’s a possibility?”
Malin rubbed his neck, his face a little grim. “Rilse says there were southern riders in our woods last night. I’ll alert Oldsbury Hall and the garrison. We’ll need to keep a careful watch.”
I’ll help.
For the next weeks they watched, and spent long hours with Basil, searching for information on the black mage. They studied the history of Westra, the old lore. They spent endless hours poring over the maps of the south wilderness and any information they could find about Light Bearers and Fire Gates. Karis and Basil had shared all they knew with Malin, which was more than he ever wanted to know.
“So what is a Bearer of Light? Why would anyone want to be one?” Malin asked.
“It’someone with magic gifts who wants to fight evil. Someone who wants to learn how to use his gifts more effectively.” Basil was precise.
“Someone like me.” Karis lifted his head from the book he had been studying, and his sudden smile flashed across his face, lighting his eyes. “Someone who wants to go to the Inner Lands, to the City of Light, where no dark mage can ever come.”
“What are the Halls of Learning like? What is that world like?” Malin persisted.
“You mean, do they have wilderness and wolves?” Basil knew what Malin was really asking. “No. The Halls of Learning are several buildings on a space between worlds that has Fire Gates connecting it to all the worlds of our star family, where those gifted in magic go to be trained. There will be few trees and plants, only a few animals, and probably no one like Rilse.”
“How about the Inner Lands and the City of Light?”
“I don’t know for sure. It is said to be a place of great beauty and power.”
“Are there wilderness lands? Animals? A need for someone who knows the weather?”
“Maybe they can teach you to create weather.”
“Maybe not.” Malin was not convinced. How about it, Rilse. Would you like to live there?
There are no woods, no earth. I would not go there. But maybe you should.
“Why did they build that city, create those lands? They must have a purpose.”
Basil’s voice suddenly sounded through the library like a bell, resonant, rich. Malin found himself comparing it to that of the dark mage. It had the richness, the power, but not the accompanying sickness, the paralysis. “It is said they prepare for a dark time that is to come, when darkness will rise up and seek to take over all our worlds, smothering all light.”
There was sudden silence in the room. No one spoke as they watched the light spilling into the room through the stained glass, filling it with golds and reds and blues.
“No light. What would that be like,” mused Karis. “Only darkness forever. How can even evil bear it?”
Malin, too, was disturbed. “Mental darkness would be bad enough, but a world with no light, no physical light would be a world with no living things, no trees or plants, no creatures. Who could live there? Even the waters would be unclean. The skies would not smile nor the winds make their music.”
Karis and Basil stared at Malin, amazed. Here was their practical, down to earth Malin, spouting poetry. Malin caught their exchanged glance, and rubbed his neck in embarrassment.
“War, southern riders, dark mages,” Basil intoned.“Darkness stirs again.”
Karis agreed. “And for some time.”
“What does he want?” Malin asked Basil. The surest way to prevent the mage from getting what he wanted, he thought, was to know what it was.
“To absorb our minds, perhaps. Maybe to keep us from the Fire Gates.”
Karis’ voice sounded far away, Malin thought. He hoped magic was, too. He shivered. The thought was not really comforting. He watched Karis stand and move restlessly to the small fire in the grate.
“I don’t really think he is only interested in your mind and your magic,” Malin commented, staring at Karis for a long moment. “What if he just wants to torment you? Or what if he wants your body, too?”
Karis was stunned. “What did you say?”
“What if he wants your body?”
Karis turned on Basil. “Do magicians die? Do they age?”
“Not in the inner lands. But on their own worlds they age. More slowly than men, but they age.”
“So if a dark mage were aging, if he were old, he would need a body. But why mine? There must be many strong men near him in the southlands. Why mine?” Karis wondered. “It’s not particularly strong or skillful.”
“Tradition has it that when a mage takes over a man’s body, he goes mad and that body soon dies. Maybe a body and mind, from one mage-gifted as yourself, would adapt better, and live longer, as well as have more powers,” Basil mused.
“That makes sense. He’s been driving me closer all the time. But if I am called as a light bearer, I would come right to him because our planet’s Fire Gate is in the south. So why is he no longer content to wait?”
Basil shook his head. “I don’t know the answer to that.”
“What are the Fire Gates?” Malin asked.
“A standing wheel of fire that burns up anything that approaches unless it is a Bearer of Light,” Basil answered. “And one called to pass through.”
Malin shook his head. “A circle of fire? Sounds deadly.”
But Karis was focused. “And ours are in the south.”
“Where he is,” interjected Malin.
“Exactly. Where he is. Even with the medallion, I surmise I am no match for him. So if I am to win through to the gates, against the black mage, I have to become as powerful as I can.”
Malin relaxed on the high-backed, overstuffed chair close to Rilse. “Basil, what do you mean, ‘called’? Will you hear a voice in your head, as I do with Rilse? Will the skies roll back and someone summon you?”
Basil ignored Malin’s teasing tone. “You experience a vision, a waking dream.”
Karis could see it already in his mind’s eye. A solemn, tall figure in white, chanting a litany of words ending with, ‘Bearer of Light come!’ An archway of fire would lift over him, high enough to reveal the Halls of Learning, against a city ablaze with light, where no darkness could ever come. How he longed for that. Then he would be safe from the dark mage. He would be free.
Basil cleared his throat. Karis roused from his dream to listen. “A figure in the dream invites you to come to the Fire Gate and pass through it to the Halls of Learning beyond, where you will expand and train your gifts to enter the city of light.”
“Well, then we must get to work,” Karis announced.
Basil nodded agreement. He picked up the pile of books Karis had displaced and led the way back to the study. “Time is fleeing even as we speak.”
Malin rose to follow and stopped in front of Rilse who was lolling on the rug, one silver tipped ear erect. How about it, Rilse. Want to study magic?
Not me. But I think maybe you should.
A sudden shadow seemed to cover Malin. Study magic? Me?
Rilse was not encouraging. Maybe.



Chapter 15


Over the next few days Malin, Basil, and Karis collected all scrolls and books from Oldsbury Hall, the works of the old masters from Abelard, and any others they could find scattered here and there throughout the halls and manors of Godsel town. The three of them pored over the pages and the scrolls.
Even Malin dropped the surveillance of Godsel for his father. Instead, he surveyed the magic lore available to help Karis improve his gifts. His father recruited others of the guard to watch in his stead, and to keep watch in the woods behind Tegyn. Rilse also kept watch but had nothing to report. Yet the air was not quiet. Neither Karis nor Malin ventured out without their medallions.
I can wait, thought Malin, remembering his experience in the woods. I can wait forever. Karis, however, hated the waiting. He felt he was a little pea under a shell, waiting for the shell to be lifted.
Basil laid it all out for them. Malin could tell Karis knew most of what Basil said, but for Malin, it was all new. There would come a great confrontation of dark and light and terrible would be that day, the consequences far-reaching. One or the other would win and spill over all the worlds of their galaxy, creating a millennium of great light or a place of terror and darkness.
“I think,” Basil said one day, “that each Fire Gate probably has its dark magician. Where there is great light, there is always great darkness.”
Malin focused on Basil, as if he were trying to see him for the first time. “Do you also have magic?” Somehow a ‘yes’ to that question from Basil, his mentor and friend, would really seem like a betrayal.
Basil understood. He smiled. “Not me. Those with magic have already left our lands, to be trained in the Halls of Learning. They have already entered the City of Light. In fact, few are now born with gifts sufficiently strong. Your uncle Zache was the last to use the Fire Gate in this world.”
“Zache.” Karis and Malin spoke the name together, and their eyes turned to the portrait on the wall behind them. They had heard of his strange journeys to the south and his disappearance. Those tales were part of family lore.
They continued to work. Any relevant information discovered by one was quickly shared by all. More than their lives were on the line. Their country, their world, and if Basil were to be believed, even their star system hung in the balance.
Why else would I be here? Rilse. Smug and self satisfied and laughing all at the same time, yet underneath, deadly serious. I’m glad you’re waking up.
“What did he say?” Karis was curious. He had learned to sense conversations between Rilse and Malin, though he could not hear them.
“That if it wasn’t really important he wouldn’t be here.”
Karis laughed. “That’s a wolf who knows who he is.”
The next evening they were invited to dine at Aunt Aila’s. She was entertaining a magician and their presence was requested, even that of Komran, the itinerant student. “Can we afford the time away from our studies?” Karis hated to go. He could just see time slipping through their fingers.
“We should and must.” Malin was firm. “My aunt might never get over such a slight, and it is a good opportunity for social eavesdropping.” His concern was different from that of Karis. “But if the magician has come from Heath Halls, won’t he recognize you as the king’s son? And won’t Aunt Aila also recognize you?”
Basil looked carefully at Karis, viewing him from all sides in the full light of the lamp. “Your aunt has only seen Karis once, when he was much younger. I think if we work on him just a bit, make him look more rag tag, we should be just fine.”
“Rag tag?” Karis’ voice was plaintive. Malin laughed.
“But what about this magician, Allistair? Is he from your area? Does he know you well?” Malin asked.
“He’s almost never at court. I’ve seen him a couple of times, but only from a distance. If I stay away from him and you make me look as you threaten, we should be all right.”
In the pause that followed, Basil asked gently, “How is your family in the north?”
Malin was appalled. After all his training at the hands of Basil, he had not thought to really inquire. Malin had forgotten Karis had not heard from his family in over a month. A little chagrined, he listened to the rest of Karis’ report. Karis had magic, but he too was human. He had a family he loved and cared about. He had major concerns in this world just as Malin did. Malin vowed to try to make Karis’ life a bit happier if he could.
You should do that, Rilse said, as they started upstairs to their rooms. You should do that.
The next afternoon they prepared for dinner, working carefully on Karis. A bit of wax behind the front lip to make the mouth protrude, some less-than-party-quality clothes, a carefully cultivated, vacant look, and he was ready for Aunt Aila’s scrutiny.
Come on, Rilse.
But Rilse had changed his mind. Things stir. I will watch here.
Malin, Basil, and Karis arrived seven minutes early at Roswood that evening, Aunt Aila having never heard of fashionably late. Soon they were seated in the large hall with the aunt and uncle, and alas, for Malin, Edgeron. Luckily, he was far away at the other end of the table, close to Aunt Aila where one look from her would quash him if needed.
The honored house guest, Allistair the magician was seated, of course, beside Aunt Aila. There were three other couples of Aunt Aila’s vintage, four girl friends of Deirdre’s, three young men, and Basil, Karis and Malin. Then there was Lord Lindsey, Uncle Seth’s sister, Malo, and her husband Holtid. All in all, a good table full. A fair welcome for a visiting magician. Basil briefly introduced ‘Komran,’ the itinerant student who carefully kept his head down at the far end of the table, then dinner began.
If Malin was startled at the change in Karis’ appearance, Karis found himself just as startled at the change in Malin, as the night unfolded. He watched Malin play mindless dandy, wondering if that careless young man, whose only focus was trivia and food, was the same Malin he had come with.
Seated between Deirdre and Karis, Malin found even their presence did not spoil his enjoyment. He had become a connoisseur of gourmet foods as part of his role, but it wasn’t all pretense. He did enjoy the rich pastries, the crisp breads, the roasted fowl. Even the soup was good, though Malin did not regard himself as an avid sipper of soup. But there was bread in it, with a large portion of melted cheese. By the time the company tucked into the lemon and apple pies, Malin was content. He turned to Karis.
“Worlds might rise and fall, but dinner at Roswood will go on. Dinner is Aunt Aila’s mainstay against chaos and disorder. If her world were ever overrun by enemies, she would fix their commander with ‘the look’ and insist everyone sit down to dine and put the world to rights. Not a bad idea,” he concluded, wiping his mouth and placing the napkin by his plate.
When he turned his attention back to his surroundings, he found Deirdre trying to coerce Karis into doing a few magic tricks for the company after dinner. That Deirdre. She could worm the secrets out of anyone and had somehow, in an off moment, figured out that Karis might be able to do a few. If she only knew, thought Malin, wishing he could consign her to a trip to the Spirit Walks.
“I have heard so much about you,” bubbled Deirdre, her red hair curling about a pixie face, her almond colored gown a suitable setting for her slender frame. But her eyes, Malin noted, were alight with mischief. “I’m delighted to finally meet you.”
The ‘finally’ was emphasized. Malin had merely mentioned his name that first morning some few days ago. Karis was silent, and a bit red in the face. He didn’t like attention of that sort let alone the risk of discovery it presented. Deirdre was not only troublesome, but dangerous.
Deirdre tried again. “Won’t you please perform for us?”
Karis sputtered a bit. “Perhaps another time.”
After dinner, the company left the dining room table and trickled into the main parlor, where plush chairs were circling both the new keyboard instrument where little hammers struck the strings and the fireplace, which was lit. They were to have a programme, as Aunt Aila called it.
Karis was careful to place himself in the back, out of sight of Aunt Aila and Allistair, the magician. The first number was a song by a friend of Aunt Aila’s. It was all about the war, about Turgor of Nordan’s invasion of Esfalia, Westra’s ally, with his barbaric hordes. The performance was a bit much, thought Malin, and Lady Erin’s voice over-loud, but at least she was on the notes.
He suddenly remembered that Karis’ brother Areth was at the front lines. He shot a glance at Karis beside him, seeing beyond the moment to the sadness in his face. War was not fun, he decided. It was more fun in songs and theater.
Deirdre leaned across Malin to speak to Komran. Malin put on his most elegant manners, and drew her back. “Let him be, my dear.”
“Why should I?”
“It’s his brother. He’s up north in the middle of the war. His family has not heard from him for several months. Could be dead, you know.”
Deirdre’s eyes turned soulful. She’ll harass him with sympathy, Malin thought. But at least it will be later.
Deirdre sat seething for a long moment. Not only had the magician pushed her out of her room in the east wing with his horde of ‘necessary’ attendants, but they had caught and killed her pet mouse, a mouse she had fed through the past six months. Allistair had been in a rage when her mouse had surfaced. By the time she found out what was happening, the mouse was long dead and all her belongings were in the west wing, in disarray.
Her easily awakened sympathies had been touched for Komran, with his brother at the war. She hesitated to make Komran the scapegoat, but she could not just allow Allistair to depart unscathed. Her loyalties were fierce, when once aroused.
“It’s only for three weeks, Deirdre, my dear,” Aunt Aila had pointed out. We can’t have his attendants separated from our magician now can we? Be a dear.”
So Deirdre had kept quiet, but her mind was churning. For days she stewed. Then she had it. When Malin came to collect books on magic, for Komran, she had an idea. Little Freddy, her pet would be avenged. She would make the magician look ridiculous. She hesitated. Sympathy for an unknown battled anger against a known. Anger won.
The next event on the program was Uncle Seth’s sister, a round jolly sort that lived with her husband closer to the town’s center, just across from the church. She did her best at the new keyboard instrument, the drumke his aunt called it, to give a bit of comic relief. She sang about a maid who loaned her lover money to buy her a ring, “then he and the jeweler went off on a fling.”
When she was finished, Deirdre, decided, leaned over and loudly addressed Karis, urging him to perform some magic tricks for the company. This time she was loud enough in the quiet parlor to be clearly heard.
“Everyone is doing it,” persisted Deirdre. “I just know you’d be good at magic tricks. Besides, it would get us all ready for our honored guest.”
Aunt Aila caught the bait. Everyone? Well, then. “Certainly we must have a few. Just the thing,” she insisted. “We can’t let the outside world think us lacking in the finer things.” Aunt Aila had cowed many a person in her day, and Aunt Aila in her brocades and upswept hairdo was doubly impressive. It was unthinkable that a nonentity of a student would oppose her wishes. Prince Karis might have, but Komran could not. “Do show us a bit of magic.” Karis understood that it was more of a command than a request. He was caught.
Malin stared at Deirdre;she had done it again. She had caught them neatly in a trap. Did she suspect Komran was more than he appeared? Did she believe Prince Karis had come after all and was not going to be left out of things? We could put off Deirdre, he thought, but Aunt Aila was a different matter. Aunt Aila was an immoveable object. What could poor Karis do? Yet Allistair might recognize Karis if given the opportunity to focus on him.
Karis shot a quick glance at the magician, then another. He stopped and stared, until Malin jostled him and tugged at him to follow Deirdre, to locate the needed props. Malin was trying not to imagine the mayhem he would like to heap upon Deirdre’s head.
Karis said nothing, but he was stunned. He followed Malin, his mind racing in a different direction. He passed by Basil, and leaned down to whisper something quickly to their mentor, then he hurried to catch up with Malin and Deirdre. Just outside the doorway he could hear Malin chiding his sister. One last glance showed Karis a glimpse of Basil and Lord Lindsey in conversation, then Basil shifted seats until he was close to Allistair and Aunt Aila.
“Basil and the magician?” Malin wondered. A strange combination. “What are you going to do?” Malin spoke softly to Karis, as soon as Deirdre was far enough ahead. He was frankly curious. He had only seen Karis in deep magic and couldn’t imagine him doing parlor tricks.
But Karis ignored his question. “Allistair is not Allistair.”
“What?” Malin was astounded.
“I don’t know who he is, but he’s not the magician. The man I know is a much larger man, though with the same mop of black hair.”
“How come you didn’t see this before?”
“Well, I was avoiding him, of course. Making sure he didn’t see me also meant I didn’t get a good look at him,” Karis pointed out.
“You’re sure?”
“Positive. I let Basil know as I left.”
“Good. He’ll let my father know and they will be ready for him. Looks like he won’t give you away. He’ll probably not even know who you are.”
“Right.” Karis’ sudden grin flashed out.
They reached Deirdre in a couple of quick strides. Malin caught her by the shoulder and turned her around to face them.
“What’s going on here, Deirdre? Why the great need for parlor tricks?”
Deirdre stared up at him Was this her brother? She had not seen Malin like this before. She stumbled over her words, reluctant to answer yet almost compelled to. Finally she blurted out, “It’s that Allistair. I just wanted to get back at him.”
“For what?”
“Well, he and his entourage insisted on having the whole east wing, and moving me out. They came when I wasn’t there, and dumped my stuff all over and...” she hesitated, a sob forming in the back of her throat, “they killed poor Freddy.”
“Your mouse? They killed him? Why?” Malin was astounded.
“The magician is terrified of mice. So he had him killed.”
Suddenly it all fell into place for Malin. “How large an entourage does he have?”
“Six or seven attendants plus his secretary.”
Malin glanced at Karis. “Enough to accomplish a kidnapping or two.” He turned back to Deirdre who had gone white at the word kidnapping. “How were you going to get back at him?”
Deirdre recovered herself. “Well, if Komran could produce a mouse and turn him loose in the hall...”
“Allistair would make a fool of himself.”
Deirdre gulped and nodded. Then she added fiercely, “No one can kill my Freddy and get away with it.”
“Right you are, Sis. How about it, Komran. Can you produce a mouse? Maybe as your last trick?”
Karis looked at Deirdre, his dark eyes gleaming at the prospect. “Mouse? Just one? How about mice? I simply adore mice, with their cute little ears...”
Malin laughed wickedly. “Let’s get to work.”
In minutes Karis was made ready by Deirdre, draped in a black cloak and wearing a tall hat, with a large gold silk scarf held ready in both hands. He looked an impressive figure, even to Malin, who knew him, though Malin would not have said he knew him well. He wondered if anyone would ever really know Karis well.
They returned to the parlor. Malin looked around, and noted his father standing behind the magician, with Basil sitting beside him. His father nodded at him, then looked at the entrances, where Malin could see members of his father’s guards hovering nearby. Malin nodded to Karis, who went to stand close to the fireplace. There were a few chords from the drumke, and Karis began his contribution to the night’s festivities, grinning a little in spite of himself. His cousins were something else, lots more fun than Heath Halls and his dark mage. He flourished the gold scarf.
When it came to rest, there was a white flower to put in Deirdre’s hair. A gold coin ended up behind Uncle Seth’s ear. A white bird flew up, circled the chandelier, then flew through the Garden doors, which were partly ajar.
Karis positioned himself for his last trick. Again the roll of chords from the drumke, and out came not one mouse, but three, heading for Aunt Aila and her guests.
Deirdre stood off to the side, her eyes fixed on Allistair. At the sight of the mice the magician went white, stood abruptly, then stopped as if paralyzed. He uttered a strange squawk and scrambled onto his chair. His feet were soon firmly planted, his gaze fixed on the mice, making strange, unintelligible sounds that sputtered out into the room.
Aunt Aila was red with rage. Karis stood as if dumbfounded and totally surprised. Lord Lindsey had grasped the magician by the arm to prevent his falling and doing himself injury. Allistair capered, a terrified monkey on a chair, all dignity forgotten. Aunt Aila was set to roast both Karis and Malin. In his mind’s eye, Malin could see all future invitations to Roswood canceled. No more Aunt Aila. That could be good. Then he thought about delicious dinners and opportunities to accomplish his social surveillance. That could be bad.
He looked to Basil and his father, to see what would happen next. Basil was not himself. He reached up and gave a great tug on the beautiful black hair and beard of Allistair. Hair and beard both kept their place. Malin and Karis looked at each other; had they been mistaken? Basil yanked again on the hair. The whole company was appalled. Such manners and from the foremost expert in the town on social correctness. Had Basil gone mad?
The hair and beard came away in Basil’s hand, revealing a totally bald head, and a face that no longer looked regal, no longer looked as if it belonged to any member of the upper crust. It was a face that hardly even a mother could love, full of rage and malice in fairly equal proportions.
The mice vanished, fading out to nothing. The false magician paused long enough to stare balefully at Karis, then he leaped from the chair, shoving Basil aside and ducking under Lord Lindsey’s arm, and sprinted for the double doors and through them. Malin looked at the doors, noting the guard had advanced into the room and were trapped behind guests who were standing up, trying to see what was going on. In seconds, Malin leaped for the double doors. He too, was delayed by guests, who were unaware and in the way.
Once outside, Malin stood and listened, then followed the footsteps he heard racing around the side of the manor to the front. The fake Allistair shoved the coachman off a waiting carriage and took over the reins, cracking the whip sharply again and again over the backs of the horses. Malin headed after at a full run, reaching for the horses’ minds to slow and delay them, but the whip on their backs was louder than his voice in their heads. For several long moments he wrestled with the horses, until he felt them become calm. Then he turned them around, bringing them back to Roswood. The carriage when it arrived was empty, Malin noted grimly, though not surprised.
They later heard the man had abandoned the carriage he had commandeered for a coach just down the road. It had been waiting for him, with several of his ‘attendants’ and rattled full tilt out of town, down the south road.
When Malin returned, Aunt Aila was seated, fanning herself furiously, her complexion shifting from white to red. An imposter in her house. Unthinkable. Malin and Karis and Basil, loaded down with gratitude and admiring glances, were the fair haired, the shining ones. Nothing was too great for those who had saved the family honor and uncovered the villain.
“How did you know the hair was a fake?” Malin asked Basil.
Basil laughed. “It was too regular, too perfect. Both sides were completely symmetrical. Real hair is always thicker in places, thinner in others.”
“What did he want?” Karis voiced the question in all their minds.
“Information? You? Does he serve the mage?” Malin, too, was puzzled. No one had an answer.
Watchers in the woods, behind Roswood. They are leaving now.
Malin was startled. It was Rilse, in the back garden just past the doors. He had left Tegyn after all. So the magician was not a solo bit, but a group effort.
Many?
Many. He could see Rilse now, just through the glass of the doors. Others wait in the woods behind Tegyn. Still others in the wilderness beyond.
Who are they?
Southern riders. Malin’s eyes scanned the room, looking for his father.
Malin found Karis at his elbow. “What’s happening?”
“Riders from the south. They’re leaving now but Rilse says they are many. I need to warn my father.” He crossed the room, to where his father stood talking to Aunt Aila, or at least listening, and waited just beyond.
Noticing the direction of Malin’s gaze, his father glanced at the double doors, picking up the outline of Rilse just beyond. He escaped Aunt Aila’s clutches and joined Malin and Karis, getting the information he needed. In moments, a message was on its way to the garrison, and also to Medric, his captain of the guard.
“Did you find anything in their rooms?” Malin asked his father, a few minutes later.
Lord Lindsey shook his head. “They had all disappeared by the time we got there. A few things were left behind, but there was nothing to indicate who they really were or where they had come from.”
The ‘heroes’ were planning to walk home, even though, as Aunt Aila pointed out, it was not the height of fashion. “You can use one of my carriages. Just send it home afterwards. Besides, there may still be friends of that rascal magician about. The impostor. I knew there was something amiss there. Just couldn’t put my finger on it.” She bustled off, seeing to the rest of her guests.
The evening would give good fodder for conversations for at least a month or so. The imposter had been uncovered in her house by her nephew and his mentor. Komran’s part was downplayed a bit. After all, he was not a relative, nor the expected prince. One couldn’t be asked to spend too much time talking about him.
In the carriage, on the way to Tegyn, Karis, Malin, Basil and Lord Lindsey pursued their speculations. Lord Lindsey had come with them in order to have a quiet moment to talk out of the public eye and would carry on to Oldsbury Hall.
“Who were they after? There was no one who had any real political information, except for Lord Lindsey.” It just didn’t make sense to Karis.
“Maybe their end goal was not information,” Basil steered the conversation another direction. “Perhaps their goal was someone.”
“Karis. They were hoping to kidnap Karis.” Suddenly it was clear to Malin. “A carriage ride home, southern riders surround it.”
“And take him south,” Basil finished.
“Maybe you, too,” Malin pointed out. “They wanted Abelard. Maybe they wanted you, as well.”
The thin moonlight touched Basil’s face as he sat across from Malin in the carriage. Watching him, Malin could tell that idea had already occurred to Basil. There was no surprise there.
“Why would they want Karis and Basil?” Lord Lindsey was missing something.
A sudden anger shook Karis. “Why can’t he leave me alone?”
“Who is this ‘he?’” Lord Lindsey’s left eyebrow shot up, just as his son’s did from time to time. When he spoke in that tone, Lord Lindsey wanted an answer.
“The Watcher,” Karis said, so softly Malin could hardly hear him. “I call him the Watcher.” Karis explained. Then he added, “As I came further south, I felt like I was leaving him behind, until our ride the other day.”
Looking at his father’s face, Malin could tell Lord Lindsey had guessed more than anyone realized about the dark mage who haunted Karis and maybe needed a body.
“All right. But why Basil? Why Abelard?”
“Perhaps they think we know more about magic than we do. Additional information, power. An extra body if Karis’ doesn’t work.”
As they reached Tegyn, Rilse appeared from somewhere, having eschewed the carriage ride home. The ways are clear. They are back in the wilderness.
“We’ll search out their trails at first light,” Malin assured his father, as the others stepped out of the carriage. “The roads and fields are clear, now.”
His father looked searchingly at Rilse, then back at Malin. “Stop by the Hall in the morning, after your search, and let me know what you find.”
Malin stepped out to join the white wolf. He signaled the coachman and the carriage, with only Lord Lindsey, drove off to Oldsbury Hall. We hunt at first light, Rilse.



Chapter 16


Several hours later, at Tegyn, Malin awoke in the night to find Rilse stirring. How long until dawn?
Soon.
Soon, by wolf time, which Malin had found by experience was pretty close to real time. It was the work of just a few minutes to throw on some dark clothes and boots, a dark coat, and head to the kitchen for some bread, and some cheese, before they left.
Karis was already up, watching from the kitchen, seeing something that was not visible to others. He glanced at Rilse and Malin, his eyebrows raised, as Malin collected provisions. “We’re off to see what we can see,” Malin answered his unspoken question.
“I’m coming.”
Malin hesitated, remembering the dark face and haunted eyes from their first meeting. Taking Karis might be dangerous for both of them. He took one more look at Karis, then he reached back into his room, grabbed another jacket and tossed it to Karis. “Got your medallion?”
In answer, Karis tugged it out from under his shirt. “Got yours?”
Malin reddened. He still wasn’t used to what the medallion implied. “Yes,” he said, shortly. “Let’s go.” He took the lead out into the back garden where a border of trees would leave their movements unseen.
An unnecessary precaution, Rilse assured him. No one is close. They are in the wilderness, moving south.
At the end of the gardens, Malin came to stand beside Rilse, gazing toward the east forests that came almost to the town’s edge. Several lanes down, across one meadow and you were in the forest itself. One narrow trail wound upward from the south to the edge of town, but only hunters used it.
They stood there in the dark hour before dawn, watching, listening, but they could neither hear nor see anyone. Malin caught the faint presence of horses deep in the forest. They stood that way ten minutes or so, not wishing to attract attention by moving, trying to learn all they could. Satisfied that Rilse was right, they took the road to Oldsbury to the stables for their horses.
By the time they reached the stables, the sky was fully light and streaked with rose and gold. Blazing enough to satisfy even Deirdre, thought Malin. Deirdre, who liked vivid colors and championed the cause of her dead mouse. Perhaps they had more in common than he had thought.
Lord Lindsey had alerted the groom and their horses were ready. Lanier whinnied a greeting, glad for a run. They collected packs as well from the sleepy-eyed groom and were on their way south after Rilse.
It was a clear morning, chilly as was usual in late September, but clear and bright. If there was anything to see, Malin thought grimly, they would find it. They reached the trail’s beginning and fanned out to search the spreading meadows and the edge of the forest on either side.
Any sign of who or what they wanted? Malin sensed Rilse nearby.
No. Just strange marks on the ground, as if something had been rolled or dragged over it. A few hoofprints in the soft ground at the edge of the forest.
They continued their ride around the outer wall of the town right down to the seashore, but other than horse tracks and the strange dragging marks there was nothing else to be seen. They turned and headed back to Godsel.
They found Lord Lindsey in his study, looking over some documents. “Malin, Karis, Rilse.” He nodded to them, seeming to take their presence and appearance in stride.
“Men from the south, as we thought,” Malin informed him. “Their horse tracks give them away. They ringed the woods from Tegyn to Roswood, as well as farther back on the edge of the wilderness. No sign of them now. The woods were clear before daylight, maybe long hours before that.”
Lord Lindsey looked at him sharply. “How many?”
“About twenty.”
“Twenty?” Lord Lindsey was astounded. That was double the largest group of riders they had ever encountered. “Did they enter the town?”
Malin shook his head. “No, they just circled, watching or waiting or both.”
Lord Lindsey’s keen blue eyes glanced at Rilse, then back again to Malin. Malin wondered how much he knew or suspected of Malin’s relationship with Rilse, but he said nothing.
“From the south,” Lord Lindsey repeated to himself, musing. “Have you scouted their trail?” Lord Lindsey’s eyes were on Rilse as he spoke.
“Yes. Nothing much to see there, just hoofprints and some strange dragging marks. The riders themselves are long gone now.”
“We’ll follow up, and post guards.” Short minutes later, two of Godsel’s trackers were dispatched, riding on horseback heading to the south trail.
Karis and Malin left shortly after, down the disappearing staircase which delighted Karis and dizzied Malin, through the dissolving wall, heading toward Tegyn.
“What lies south?” Karis asked.
“Wilderness. Scattered hill tribes. We’ve never seen any trace of them until the last few years.”
“And then?”
“Forays, groups of riders in our territory. A few townspeople disappearing. You know about Abelard.”
“What did they want with him?”
“We don’t know. Books? That’s all he had with him.”
“And the others?”
“We’re not sure.”
“Have you captured any of the riders, questioned them?”
Malin thought of the sailor he and Rilse had left behind. “No. We don’t speak their language. Sometimes a sailor or two comes into port who might be familiar with other tongues, but we can’t count on that. Rilse and I captured one sailor, but we had to let him go. We were rescuing Abelard at the time.”
“Have you followed them?”
Malin gave a short laugh. “Yes, until they disappear into miles and miles of uncharted desert or until their trail ends at the sea.”
“They come by ship?”
“Sometimes.”
Basil was there with breakfast when they reached Tegyn, listening to their tales. There was no one quite like Basil, Malin thought.
For the next three weeks, while the black mage seemed to lie low, Karis and Malin went back to the books. If Karis couldn’t access someone to train him, then he had to train himself, with a little help from his friends.
Some of the books on magic they had collected were almost useless, just recipes for this potion and that. Those they skimmed through and quickly returned. Some they devoured, like those on scrying across a distance. Karis even entered Fainra, the Spirit Walks, to try his new knowledge, though those trips were short. “He roams Fainra, looking for me. Hoping to find me.” Malin had no need to ask who.
None of them really slept for more than three or four hours at a time. Food was simple and eaten absentmindedly in the library as they searched. They didn’t even stop for the dinner meal, prepared by the cook. It was brought in to them on a plate.
Basil had approached Abelard, who took it upon himself to galvanize the young people of the town to collect all books on magic from the personal collections of the townspeople. He, himself, brought over the books from the Academy. Lord Lindsey made sure they had access to official collections and scrolls. Malin and Basil had been out and about, but Karis had spent the greater part of the last twenty-one days within the four walls of the library in Tegyn. But in spite of their efforts, the materials did not have sufficient depth of information to supply what was needed.
An hour after he began reading a parchment scroll they had just received, Karis rolled it shut and dropped it on the table. Abruptly he rose to his feet and paced nervously around the table to one of the windows, his dark eyes fixed on the back gardens of Tegyn. Mindlessly, he stared, seeing nothing before him. By now it was almost the end of October yet the weather still held warm in Godsel. North, in his home in Heath Halls, there would be snow by now and the winter winds would howl around the eaves and cover the ground in thick, soft, white.
But what he saw was blotted out by the words he had just read. They echoed in his mind. “Bearers of Light may be called as early as their tenth year but no later than their fourteenth.” He was now seventeen, Malin was eighteen. They had not been called, would not be called. Their gifts were not powerful enough.
Behind him at the table, Malin had finally reached his limits and was playing with an old chant that was supposed to turn a man’s wife into a hat if it were done right. “It has the strangest words,” he told Basil. “Have you heard it?”
“No,” said Basil, absently, his mind on other matters.
“Well, it goes like this.” Malin began to recite, at full volume, striking an appropriate attitude. “Moxley, locksley, abibahere charis/Round go widdershins like the laris/ackeney, bakeney, roundelee roh/to make the winds of magic blow. What’s a laris?”
Suddenly there was an outburst from Karis. “Stop it. Stop playing the fool.”
Basil and Malin looked up, startled. Karis almost never lost his composure. He said no more, but stormed out of the study, through the double doors, and into the back gardens.
Rilse rose and padded after him. I’ll watch.
“What ails him?”
Basil shrugged. “He’ll tell us, I’m sure. When he’s calmer.”
Malin and Basil waited over the next few hours, but Karis avoided them. When he finally did return, he seemed to have grown thinner and dark circles were visible under his already dark eyes. He had no desire for food; instead he went out in the back gardens once more, while Malin and Basil dined. After dinner, when Basil and Malin went back to the books, Karis although present, seemed no longer interested in the books that they had accumulated. Malin tried to rouse his interest.
“Look Karis. Here’s something about the Fire Gate.”
Karis almost shouted at him. “Let it go. It’s no use any more. That time is past.”
“What time?” Malin was truly puzzled.
Karis turned on Basil. “You know, don’t you? You know we’re too old.”
“Too old?” Malin frowned over the remark. “For what?”
Karis strode furiously to the table and picked up the old parchment he had been reading earlier. Roughly he shook it right under Malin’s nose, “For this.”
“What is that? What did you find in there?”
Karis, his hands trembling, his voice hoarse, unrolled the scroll and began to read, “‘Bearers may be called as early as their tenth year,’ their tenth year, mind you, two years after the mage started haunting me. Then it talks about two that were called that young. It goes on to talk about other light bearers, when they were called, their ages. None were called later than their fourteenth birthday.”
“Well, the records we have list only four. I don’t think we can really know with so few.” Basil was eminently reasonable.
“How old were they?” Malin persisted.
“One was ten years, one ten years and eleven months, one twelve years and two months, and the last was fourteen years to the day.”
Malin’s heart beat a satisfied little dance. He was safe. Then he looked up at Karis, watched while Karis flung down the parchment.
“So there’s no chance,” Malin asked, “of Karis being called?” Basil’s silence was his answer. So, Basil, too, was concerned. Concerned enough to have looked up and memorized the information. Furthermore, his forehead was shiny, and he was sitting very straight as he always did when he was uncomfortable.
Malin paused to gather his thoughts. So that’s what was eating Karis. Malin spoke what he thought were comforting words. “Who would want such a thing, anyway? To spend the rest of your life with magic and away from your home? You’re better right here with us.”
“Here, haunted by the black mage until he assimilates me? That’s better?” Obviously it was not better for Karis. Malin waited for Basil to come up with consoling words, but Basil didn’t.
Malin tried to step into the hole of silence that enfolded them with a lighthearted remark or two. “Maybe you still have unfinished business with the black cloud that speaks.” Karis needed to laugh more. To take himself less seriously. Even Rilse did a better job of laughing at himself. Karis glared at Malin. “You take care of the black voice. I obviously am no good at that either.” Then he exited the room, slamming the doors shut behind him.
Perhaps you would do better with silence. The white wolf flattened his silver tipped ears and opened a mouth in Malin’s direction.
As before, Karis headed out into the back garden, with Rilse padding after him.
“Basil?”
“Umm?”
“Is he right? Are they all called younger than he is?”
“Maybe. Uncle Zache was older, in his 20s or 30s, but he went when he was older to help lead.” The night finished with a very loud silence.
The next afternoon an invitation came. Malin convinced himself that it was only Karis’ need that pushed him to accept the invitation. It was brought in person by Deirdre, accompanied by a friend named Melanin. She was dark haired, Malin noticed, taller than Deirdre though as slender, with dark eyes as dramatic as Rilse’s. Two flowers in pale dresses.
“This is Melanin.”
Of course it is, Malin thought. Melanin was a perfect name for the young woman smiling shyly at him. Malin nodded in greeting and Melanin extended her hand. Malin accepted the offered hand, bowed over it, almost forgetting to release it.
A whiff of perfume caught him and carried him off to exotic daydreams. Cool fingers lingered momentarily, then fell away.
Malin looked up and met her eyes, surprised at both her presence and his reaction. He caught a half-smile forming on the slightly parted lips, as if the two of them shared a secret no one else knew.
This was going to be easy, Melanin thought, as she watched Malin turn red under his tan. Melanin had just come to town from someplace in the country.
Malin didn’t catch where, but it must be a good place. She didn’t seem nearly as silly as Deirdre’s usual lot. He found himself remembering what it was like to move to town for the first time, to face all those strangers, the townsfolk, the young men and girls. Without Basil he would have been eaten alive.
Deirdre had been no help. She was either critical of Malin, or made him the center of her practical jokes with her friends, leaving him holding the bag, to be roasted by Aunt Aila. Ah, yes. Without Basil, Malin knew he would have been finished before he began, son of Lord Lindsey and member of the ruling house or not. Springing mice on an imposter who was terrified of them wasn’t Deirdre’s first practical joke and it wouldn’t be her last. Of course she did have a good reason in that instance.
As far as Malin knew, however, the others were done just to spice things up a bit. Though, he had to add, he had never really asked her. He had not taken the time to stay close to Deirdre, to know what she really thought and felt. He had been remiss that way.
He reviewed some of her antics in his mind. One night she had Malin tackle some poor sleepwalking man who was visiting Aunt Aila for his nerves, on the pretext that he was a thief who had stolen her pearl necklace right out of her room and was trying to escape. Malin was in trouble over that one until Basil pointed out to Aunt Aila that her guest was heading towards the stairs and would probably have broken a leg, and that Malin had really saved them all a lot of trouble. Had Deirdre been aware of that?
Then there was the time Deirdre persuaded Malin to take her and a young friend away from school for the day to a fair down by the docks. It turned out that the young friend was absent from her studies without permission. Aunt Aila would have roasted him roundly if they had been caught, not believing that Deirdre would spearhead such a thing. Deirdre had such an innocent face, and Malin always looked guilty.
Basil had saved Malin from that one, too. He had found the friend lurking about and had escorted her through the servant’s entrance into the kitchen and then into the dorms, while Malin was still trying to jimmy the window from a tree limb outside a second floor window. The watch would have caught him but for Rilse’s warning. They were just able to depart the premises in time.
Turns out Deirdre had sent for the watch just to see how long it would take them to respond. “You wouldn’t have been in any trouble, Malin. After all, Lord Lindsey is our father.” Dear, dear Deirdre. Perhaps she had been truly troubled about the time the watch might take, but Malin wasn’t convinced.
At any rate, here she was, his red-headed sister, with a friend in tow. A friend who might just need a friend, if Deirdre was the best she had. He found himself willing to help, even wanting to help.
“Malin, we are starving, simply starving. Do give us lunch.”
Lunch. That Malin could handle. He promptly invited the young ladies for lunch, and after a few of Basil’s best, in the sandwich realm, Deirdre sprung her latest idea.
“Malin, I’m going to be sixteen in a few weeks and I want to have a ball for my coming out party.” A ball. All well and good. Malin was feeling quite charitable; Melanin and lunch had hit all the right spots. People ought to be able to have what they wanted. He had no objections.
“On our father’s flagship.”
On board? That could be sticky. She would need their father’s permission and help to man the ship.
“With impostors infiltrating manors, like the magician did at Roswood, it’s hard to feel safe any more, but on the ship everyone would be screened. No unknowns could come aboard. The invitation list would be carefully matched to each person, by someone who knows everyone, someone like, oh, like Basil.”
Remembering her list of pranks, Malin’s answer was already forming in his head. Then he thought about her reasons. A ship would certainly screen out any impostors and any others trying to gain access. Safety could be enhanced on board the ship. It would take some effort, but perhaps it could be a good thing.
He glanced at Deirdre’s friend, at Melanin of the dark eyes and the willowy waist, who was looking at him, with a soulful, hopeful gaze, and began to think maybe it might be a great idea. Karis was in need of cheering, and a pal’s need must be looked to, even if the pal was a cousin. Deirdre, was of course, his sister, and one should do things for the old relatives and their friends now and then.
Deirdre continued, “Aunt Aila gets seasick, so she would not be present, but she says her chef and servants could come. She would select them very carefully, and they would be checked and brought aboard several hours ahead of the guests.” So. Aunt Aila would not even be there. Better and better.
“It would be such an occasion,” said Deirdre, hopefully.
Malin looked over at Melanin, then at Karis and Basil, and lifted his left eyebrow. Karis shrugged, Basil looked thoughtful, then lifted his hands and turned the palms upward. Karis did look alive for the first time that week, Malin thought. Deirdre was glowing and even Melanin looked positively starry-eyed.
“All right,” he told Deirdre. “You have our support.”
Deirdre carefully cleared her throat. “Would you ask Father? Maybe it could be a special surprise for me?”
Malin smiled, “Why not,” he said, watching both girls light up, delight plain in both their faces. “I guess a brother does have his duties.”
Duties? Just duties? Rilse was giving Malin a hard time.
Yes, duties, Rilse. Some duties can be pleasant, you know. He looked over to see Melanin’s admiring glance fastened upon him. Pleasant, indeed.
The two young women left, smiling, showering Malin with their thanks. “Do let us know, Malin, what father says, as soon as possible.”
Karis and Malin went to make the request of Lord Lindsey. “Just be sure there’s no room for Deirdre’s practical jokes,” he told Malin.
“A coming out party is a pretty serious thing. Deirdre will have enough on her mind. She won’t need to liven things up; they’ll be lively enough.” Malin tried to convince himself.
“You’re sure?”
“Deirdre’s been pretty solemn since Allistair came and she learned about the kidnappings. I don’t think she’ll try to pull anything. But we’ll keep our eyes open in case.”
Lord Lindsey was agreeable. Aunt Aila’s staff would host the event and clean up after. Basil would check the guests against his list, and Malin and Karis would make sure that no one touched anything they shouldn’t. With a couple of the flagship’s regulars, they would sail her out to the center of the bay and drop anchor for the evening.
On their way back to Tegyn, Malin added what he thought was the piece de resistance. “Aunt Aila won’t be there. She won’t set foot on a ship, not for anything. She hates the water.”
“I’m not sure I’m any more fond of it,” Karis pointed out. “If you remember, I came by land, not ship.”
“You don’t get seasick?” Karis, seasick, was almost an irresistible picture in Malin’s mind.
“Mmmm. Not really seasick, just a bit edgy.”
“You’ll be fine with the ship. It’ll only be at anchor in the bay. It’s sheltered there, the weather will be calm and the water still. Besides, the flagship is a large one. You can hardly tell she’s on water, she’s so steady.”
Malin saw Melanin’s face in his mind’s eye, smiling up at him. The sun would be setting over the water with a fresh ocean breeze touching their faces. Then would come all that moonlight fairly falling all over them, the waves gently rocking. There would be music and laughter and dark brown eyes.
“Rilse will attend?” Basil asked the morning of the event. Actually, it seemed more of a statement at the time. Malin wasn’t sure how he felt about Rilse attending.
But Rilse just laughed. I think I will see these young people gather in a pack. It should be interesting.
Malin had a moment’s uneasiness, then he brushed it aside. The ball was just the thing to take Karis’ mind off his troubles and relieve some of the tension from their lives. “It will give us some ordinary life to fuss with instead of dark secrets and magic,” he told Karis.
Basil cleared his throat. “Might I remind you to wear your medallions.”
“I don’t take mine off any more,” Karis volunteered, “not since our night in the forest.”
“I’ll have mine,” Malin promised.
Just thinking and planning for the ball seemed to have perked Karis up. He off handedly said to Basil, “If there were no chance of our being called as light bearers, why would the dark magician be interested in us? If our magic gifts are petty, why bother?”
Basil nodded in agreement.
It was a warm evening, but a chill hit Malin. It was nothing to do with the conversation, he told himself. Just fall coming on. I can feel it settle firmly and cooly around my shoulders.
“Perhaps the dark magician has found a way to hide the call,” Karis persisted. “Perhaps it has come and we’ve missed it.”
Whoever he was, this dark magician, Malin wished him well in hiding his call. For Karis, he hoped his call would come shining through. If not, he hoped that the dark mage would suddenly disappear out of Karis’ life, which Malin had to admit was unlikely.



Chapter 17


Morning came and Myrrha roused a little with the coming of light. She stood carefully, pain and stiffness causing her to move as if injured. Slowly she made her way to the hillside, where she sank into the earth and began to dig with her hands, then the nearby rocks. Her fingernails broke, but Myrrha didn’t notice. She worked slowly, mindlessly, like someone set in motion and left to run alone.
Her hands became scratched and torn, the skin broken and bleeding from rocks and brush, but Myrrha felt nothing. Her rough brown seki became earth stained, yet Myrrha saw nothing. Above her one bird called to another, yet Myrrha heard nothing. The sun moved slowly across the cloudless sky, its rays hot on the back of the unheeding girl, who worked steadily, almost relentlessly, stopping neither to rest nor to eat.
By late afternoon, she had finished a shallow grave. A small animal scurried in the brush close beside her. She felt the movement and began to dig again, suddenly feeling an urgency to dig deep enough so that nothing could disturb the body. When she finished, she wrapped her mother carefully in their blanket, pulling the coarse brown fabric over the pale features splotched with yellow.
They had shared only three short days, days when they were on the run, but they were like spring after years of winter. Her mother’s quiet smile, the warmth in the depths of her violet eyes, the gentle touch, these were packed in between fleeing and hiding. But the heart warmth they provided for Myrrha could not be counted. Three days, then once again her mother was gone. Myrrha sat looking down at the body, her own body unable to move.
Pain spread from her heart through her limbs, locking her muscles in place. For her whose world was sound, there was none. No birds called, no breeze stirred the few remaining leaves. No insects buzzed, though several gathered around her and her mother. She could not hear the sound of her heart beating in her throat, though she knew it beat. She could not hear her breath, though it came sometimes in great gasps that shook her body in involuntary shudders. It was as if all sound was sucked out of her world, and music was unthinkable.
In the back of her mind, Myrrha knew the villagers would not follow her, so great was their fear of the yellow plague. Why had it taken her mother, and not her? She did not know. She only knew she was finally free, free to make her way without pursuit, yet she could not bear to leave. She had taken care of her mother so long, to leave was unthinkable. Wasn’t it? Without knowing that she did, Myrrha piled the earth on top of the figure in the blanket, handful by handful. Gently, carefully, she sifted sand and leaves over the slightly raised mound.
She looked around for something to use as a marker; she settled for a large rock and rolled it into place. She took the small knife they had brought with them and scratched in her mother’s name, Reiha. It wasn’t much, but Myrrha didn’t need the marker to remember. She looked around carefully at the bowl shape of the valley, the horizontal lines of the trees stacked on the hillside, the colors of brush, the pale earth and thin sky. No detail would be forgotten. It was sundown before she was done. A bitter cold descended, for they were in the high hills by now, yet Myrrha didn’t notice.
She stood finally, and without looking back, headed up through the woods to the hills indicated by the men as Mougos territory. Her mother had died to give her a different life. She would go forward whatever it took.
She walked unsteadily, almost as one who was ill. Twilight lit a faint path beneath her feet. She followed it mindlessly, unable to even choose a different way. If she had not been so numb, she might have wondered what the fierce Mougos warriors would do to outlanders. She had heard they tortured and killed strangers. But she stumbled on, blind to what was around her, hearing nothing, aware only of her thoughts.
Her mother was dead. While they were in Jandillo, there was always the hope that her mother would come to herself and once more be her mother. Now there was not even that faint hope. Her mother was truly dead. She climbed, and kept climbing as the trail wound higher into the hills.
Samlt. He, too, was dead. She had not allowed herself to think much about it while they had been just a day ahead of their pursuers. But he, too, was dead. No matter that he had beaten and driven out her mother, that he was about to force Myrrha, herself, to be his woman. He was dead, and perhaps by her hand. She had killed him. Had she? Had there been a bolt of lightning? The skies were clear, but there was that smell. What had happened back in the hut, in the clearing that night?
It was as if she had shaped her screams into the center of a storm and aimed it at him. For one white, thick moment there was nothing, then a terrible tumult. When had he caught fire? How? But oh, the burning. The flames holding him, making him stand while they melted his flesh. Screams that could unmake the world. She had awakened again and again, the images, the sounds ringing in her mind. He who had meant little in her life became the stuff of her worst dreams. He haunted her days and dominated her nights. But her mother was beside her. She could go on. But even that gift had been taken back. Her mother was gone and life could never be the same.
Overhead, the birds headed south, their farewell cries thin and shrill across the land, echoing off the sides of the steepening hills, as shadows touched her set face. Her thin, fragile features were tight with stress and sorrow. Her shoulder length dark hair moved in the freshening breeze, but she didn’t feel it. Even when the light from the distant hills changed from golds and ambers to dark crimson, she seemed not to notice, but continued her way up and down the ever growing hills until she came, just after moonrise, to the gap marking the beginning of Mougos territory, Geiry’s Pass the Jandos had called it.
Almost as a sleepwalker, she entered the gap. Her body was close to collapse. Engrossed in her thoughts, Myrrha did not see the three warriors that closed in behind her, following her at a distance, their spears and knives silver in the twilight. She heard nothing; their feet were silent on the earth.
She gasped for breath and moaned a little. Then she stopped. Those behind stopped also. She moaned again. Silence. She opened her mouth and wailed. Nothing. She could hear nothing. She screamed, a crescendo of sound rising louder and louder, but Myrrha, herself, heard nothing. She clapped her hands to her ears, and removed them, trying sound after sound, finally finishing in a screech of laughter. She could not hear.
When she fell silent, she felt rather than heard the drums of the warriors that surrounded her, vibrating in the rocks ahead and to the sides, in the very earth beneath her feet. She stopped. About her, spear tips flashed in the light from the moon high overhead. She could still see. Swift moving clouds gave everything a sense of movement, as shadows, then light played over blue-and-white-striped faces beneath black fir trees. The thick circle of spears grew closer to Myrrha. She felt the drums reach a climax and knew that they had ceased. Still her ears gave her no sound.
Cornered, her fingers began to trace the leather strap of her harp, slung across her left shoulder. Her harp. It was all she had left. Quickly she took it out of its bindings. Could she still play? Would she hear it if she did? She sighed, and taking the harp in her hands, she began to play, one slight figure ranged against the many tall painted warriors in her path. She couldn’t hear. In fact she didn’t know if she could be heard, but she sang, out of fear, out of despair, or hope, she didn’t know.
Teeth gleamed in the moonlight. Spear points centered on her. She remembered that it was said the Mougos were eaters of men, but it no longer mattered whether they killed her or left her alone.
It was her coronach, her lament for her mother’s death, for the death of her old life, perhaps even for a dead woodcutter, for ears that could not hear. Sorrow became anger. She railed at the earth for being hunted, at the Mougos in her way. The deluge of notes that poured out of her harp was overwhelming; then it softened. Again it raged then became a whisper.
Those who listened were suddenly caught up in their moment of greatest fear. Some faced a wild beast in the forest, some an enemy in battle. Some faced the dark in their own souls. But all trembled and were still. Each saw what they hated or feared, so great was the power of her music.
Myrrha’s eyes caught the movement, the half glow in the silver frame of her harp. She stared at it, watching delicate designs become visible, the graceful curves that ended in spirals, the intricate knots, the interweaving of circles and lines. She forgot the Mougos. She forgot Samlt. Almost she forgot her mother, as she stared at the glowing designs in the frame of her harp. Suddenly her ears became ears once more. She could hear.
Her music changed, and it seemed the minstrel wept as she played. The notes no longer raged in black anger, no longer moaned in fear. No longer did they search out the wild darkness that was just a touch away. Slowly the sound steadied, and the rhythm tightened as Myrrha’s ears picked up the sound of the drums. She could hear again. She could hear.
It seemed to those who listened that a great pain faced them. One young man saw before him the home he was building for his bride, with flower-laden rock paths. He saw it finished, with the sunlight streaming down and his wife-to-be dead in his arms. One saw his triumphal return from battle, heard the cheers of his fellows then went on to his little village to find it razed and not one family member left alive. One saw the glances from his love aimed at another. Each saw what they longed for, destroyed; what they hoped for, forever beyond reach.
Then once again the music changed. Once again there was just a white-faced minstrel in a glade at moonrise, surrounded by the blue painted Mougos. When the last notes fell away, there was a great sigh, as if torn from the collective lips of those who listened. Then there was silence. Myrrha looked down at her harp, watching the designs fade, the glow die away. She was not mistaken this time. She had seen what she had seen.
Slowly, gropingly, as if her hands were mindless things, Myrrha once more wrapped the silver harp in black leather and slung it on her back. She wept, but did not know she did so. She started down the path. Two young warriors blocked her way, their spears raised to menace her, but the headman brushed aside their spears with his hand and spoke a word to them.
He turned and led the way, and Myrrha stumbled behind him, blindly, as if once more she neither saw nor heard, as if she no longer knew the Mougos were present. The line of warriors parted then met again behind her, following her slight figure. All walked in silence, as if under a spell, out of the pass and into the village of caves beyond. The dark hillside had darker ovals, where the cave mouths were. In a few burned small fires, like the eyes of a god.
The chief handed his necklace to a woman, who placed it over Myrrha’s head, then led her to a small, solitary opening in the stone cliffs at the very edge of the village. The woman went inside to build Myrrha a fire, but when Myrrha saw her setting up the kindling, she gestured her out. She would have no fire. They brought her a sleeping mat and placed it on the floor, along with a wooden bowl of food, and a container of water, all in silence. In that same silence Myrrha drank, but pushed the food aside and flung herself on the sleeping mat. For a while, even the quiet sounds of the forest were stilled.
Hours later Myrrha woke in blackness. She tried to rise, to sit upright, but her muscles seemed paralyzed and would not respond. She tried to roll over on her side, but even that was beyond her. She lay there at the mercy of dark forces over which she had no control.
Loss of physical control was bad enough, but the emotions that rushed through her like a great black river were worse. She felt fear and despair such as she had not known before in her short life. It was as if black fists squeezed the breath out of her, though nothing physical touched her. Emotions rippled through her body, emotions over which she had no control. She had no idea how long she was in their grasp, or how long she lay helpless, but finally she slept.
Morning came at last, late morning, for the cave was dark and the doorway shrouded. They brought her food and water, and respite from the night. So Myrrha came, minstrel, daughter of the witch woman of Samlt, to Mougos territory.
No one questioned or hindered her, for she had the favor of the chief and wore his necklace. He sent word through the drums to all his people that she was to be cared for and not harmed. The gods had seen fit to send her to them, he said, to bring them music. In return they must care for her. She, for her part, wandered and played. Food was hers, and a sheltered place when the need arose.
For two years Myrrha wandered the land of the Mougos, playing from one village to another, alive only when she played. Her eyes were vacant, and her mind seemed to sleep. She walked as one in a dream. The Mougos treated her as one of their children.
Once they found her sleeping in the woods while snow drifted down upon her. They roused her and took her to shelter, hot food and warmth. Many times they would find her lost and at the mercy of sun and wind and weather, and would steer her to the closest village. They learned to look out for her, to guard her. They would lead her to water, or to the patches of black and red berries dotting the foothills.
But she could not rest, and as one driven, she wandered the land. There was no joy in her, and no smile touched her eyes. Sometimes, she would wake with a cry in the night, her skin white and clammy, her eyes haunted. They said she walked with Murgrid, the god of shades who dwelt beneath the earth. The Mougos and their painted warriors who guarded the passes and spread tales of terror to keep the people safe let her go wherever she willed. They suffered her presence and cared for her and touched her not, for she was mad, magic, and the god’s.
Not knowing her name, the natives called her Rolan, one who wanders, until it seemed she no longer knew any other name. When her seki disintegrated into rags, they replaced it with the dress of the Mougos, the shirt and trews of a young man.
One evening she stood upon a high mountain as the sun went down. The wind came up and a mountain lion prowled near her, but she gave neither any heed. Then suddenly, in a vision, she saw the figure of her mother. She was alone, draped in the soft teal blue Myrrha remembered from her childhood. She stood in a gold building open to blue skies and bright sunlight streamed about her. A soft breeze fingered her robes and hair, and Myrrha could hear the sound of running water from fountains nearby.
Reiha came towards Myrrha, smiling, holding out a scroll. Myrrha could smell the sweetness of a flower whose name teased her memory, could feel the warm breeze touch her face. Almost she could touch her mother, the mother she had known before the village, before Samlt, before death.
Smiling and wordless, Reiha offered Myrrha the scroll. Myrrha reached out her hand and took it, an old parchment tied tightly with gold ribbon. Slowly, she pulled it to her, untied the ribbons, and opened it. But as she looked again for her mother, the figure disappeared, and when she looked back down to her hands, the scroll had also vanished. Only her empty hands, the breeze, and the last rays of a dying sun remained.
The next night found her in a village nestled at the base of that same ridge. She was in a small cave with a dirt floor. The wind was mostly outside, though bits of it whistled through the opening, through the hangings. A Mougos woman brought her supper from the open fire where several Mougos squatted. She ate, and when she had finished, she dropped her head to the floor in weariness, and dreamed.
Once again there stood her mother. Still in her dream, Myrrha smiled and sat up, her hands reaching for the scroll. Then once more, both scroll and mother vanished, and Myrrha was left with neither. Where her mother had stood were only the wooden utensils from her supper. The gold light was gone and it was deep night. The lingering perfume was replaced by the stale stench of both the hut and her own unwashed body and clothes.
A fierce pain completed the awakening process, and for a moment, Myrrha almost remembered who she was and why she wandered in this strange half-life in the Mougos territory, almost. Then with a wail, she covered her head with a blanket, clutched her harp tightly to her, rocking back and forth, back and forth until nature took its toll and once more she fell into a restless sleep, her fingers moving as if they played her harp, her mouth shaping words and sounds.
The next night found her in the forests west of the village, traveling towards the western sea. It was a wet and windy night; the rain drizzled around her until she was damp and cold. But she took no notice.
A Mougos shepherd who dwelt in the forest guided her into a sheep pen, into shelter, thrusting a crusted loaf and some white cheese into her hand before he left. Once again came the vision, the stream of gold light, the soft, warm breeze, the perfume. Again the scroll was held out.
The sheep crowded behind her, as if they, too, saw her mother. Dream and reality flowed together for long moments, and once more Myrrha took the scroll, unrolled it. Once again she looked back up to her mother, waiting for it all to vanish. Then her eyes went back to the scroll and for the first time, she saw something there. It seemed to be a map.
Reality split the dream and her life, separating them once more. Pain overwhelmed her. She was in blackness while a man burned like a torch, and her mother lay covered with yellow blotches of plague, rigid and cold. She cried out and wondered who did so.
Then the gold of her mother’s presence once more filled the hut. Myrrha remembered warmth and fresh clothes, perfume and gold light. In the morning, she left the hut, making her way ever westward, though she could not have reasoned why. She found a stream and washed herself and her clothes, borrowing a bit of soap from a woman on her way.
Her hair was unkempt and tangled; it had grown so long in the two years since she left Jandillo. She tried to wash it and comb through it with a makeshift bundle of twigs, but the task was beyond her. In her new awareness, it seemed unthinkable to let it remain in such a state, so she took the sharp knife from its sheath by her side and cut off the matted, filthy locks, short to the neck. Then once more she scrubbed the whole mess, as clean as she could in only the cold water of the stream, for the soap had seen the last of its days on her clothes. She looked into the water of the stream. A boy looked back at her.
She was startled at first and looked quickly around. There was no one there. Could that be her? She looked again. Short dark hair, unevenly cut with dark blue eyes looked back at her. There was nothing to distinguish the girl she had been from the boy that looked back at her. The Mougos called her Rolan, wanderer, musician of the gods. She would be Rolan. She would be a boy, a minstrel. Let Myrrha go. Myrrha had known only unhappiness, only sorrow. Perhaps Rolan could build a new life. Perhaps. A reawakened person looked out of her eyes.
In the succeeding villages she passed through she found more soap, hot water, and managed through her playing to barter for new clothes and a comb. She still kept to the attire and name of Rolan, the minstrel, but Rolan was looking better every day.
Her playing itself was different, now. It seemed a fresh, strong wind streamed through her mind and heart, cleaning out the dark places, opening the black pits to sunlight and life. She woke in the mornings, glad for the sunlight, for the taste of water on her tongue. Food amazed her. She delighted in the variety, the flavor. When the sun went down, she reveled in the colors that splashed over the sky, welcomed night and its rest. But she remembered her mother’s words, and she went west, always west.
She dreamed nightly of her mother and the scroll. Over and over she took it. Repeatedly she untied it and began to read. Always her mother and the scroll vanished before she could make out what was on it. She had learned to read before the river accident, but she had been so young. She worried that if she could see what was on the scroll, she would still be no wiser.
But the desire to see it in her dreams never waned, no matter what she thought in her waking moments. The dreams came again, and again, to her secret delight, her joy. It was like having her mother back, a mother who would never leave her.



Chapter 18


Myrrha’s dreams continued, always with the same ending; the scroll vanished before she could read it. One evening after dinner, as she rested from her playing around a small village fire, the vision came again. Seemingly of their own volition, her fingers found her harp as the scroll vanished. She ran her fingers over the strings in a frenzy of sound and frustration.
The few natives within hearing gathered about her, watching in wonder as she played. It seemed to them as if stones from the mountains crashed down around them, as if trees fell and all animals gave voice to their fear, their anger. As if perhaps the sky itself was ready to drop upon them.
Then suddenly, the music changed and the world seemed to rest. Myrrha reached out to restore the vision that had vanished. Trees grew and birds sang. Mothers cooked and rocked their babies, fathers hunted and brought home meat and furs. Animals went about their business once more, and the mountains and rivers returned to their places. The sky lifted and the sun shone.
Once more the scroll was in Myrrha’s hand, unrolled, and at last she knew. The scroll was a map of the country beyond the Mougos, in the direction her feet had already found, a country by the sea. On the scroll she could read two words, though she didn’t know how she knew their meaning.
One was that of the country, Esfalia. The other was of a city in that country, on the sea, named Ithyl. More she could not read, for when she had read those words, the parchment vanished in pale smoke and her mother faded into the light of the campfire before her.
But the names stayed with her. She remembered and began to ask the way to Esfalia and to the city of Ithyl. The chill of winter faded into spring and then into the first warmth and lush green of early summer. Blossoms strewed her way and Rolan, the minstrel with the silver harp, played his way into Esfalia, into the squares of the small villages, then into the gathering places of the towns that grew larger the closer she came to the sea.
There was always a bed and a bowl of stew or soup with the crusty bread of the region. It was no longer the heavy black bread of the Jandos people, or the brown of the Mougos, the bread was white and light and Myrrha grew to savor the taste and crunch of it when dipped in chelten stew.
At last she came to Ithyl-on-the-sea, the golden city. Gold and red banners flew and liveried retainers walked the cobbled streets in the same colors. Soldiers heading to the front passed through in a great company, trumpets and drums playing, their weaponry shining bright in the spring sun.
She wandered the streets, tasting the sea air, smelling flowers she remembered somehow, seeing banners that felt like before. People were everywhere, men, women and children marketing, selling wares, talking one to another. After the silence of the Mougos, the chatter of the Esfalians was strange and unnerving, but something about it warmed her heart.
She came upon a minstrel playing on the corner and stopped to listen, her body shifting to the rhythm, her black hair swinging, trying to hear what songs they sang in the city, how they used their harps and lutes, what the social practices were. She could see people exchanging round metal circles for food and drink. Coins, they called them. Was that the ‘money’ the woman in the last village had mentioned?
The woman had warned Myrrha about thieves and pickpockets. “Are you going to the city, then?” she had said. “Be careful. They’ll take your belongings, your money. Maybe even your harp. Or just knock you down for fun,” she warned.
“What’s money?” Myrrha had asked.
“Metal circles you exchange for things, like food and clothes, you know, coins.”
Myrrha had not paid too much attention, for she had no money. But she did have her harp. She would not lose that for the world. The city seemed like such a different world than the one she had known for the past two years.
Did minstrels use those coins? How did they get them? Were they thrown at them as they played? Or did they bargain for them? She watched the minstrel finish, rise to his feet, bow, and place down his hat upon the ground. Those who had been listening tossed coins into the hat and departed.
As the last of the listeners left, she found herself following them as they scattered into smaller streets that were quieter. The last few reached the outskirts of the city that stretched away in the distance to the seashore. She looked back along the edge of the shore that curved in a half circle split by the mouth of a wide river. She could see the docks, the busy harbor itself, its blue surface dotted with a myriad of ships. But where she stood, the sun warm on her thin shoulders, the breeze refreshing on her face, the shore was silent and deserted, except for a child or two that chased the outgoing waves as the waters withdrew.
She, who really had known only the inland river, looked upon the sea for the first time. No. It could not be the first time. She knew these shores, that sea. They sang in her heart, in her blood. The river in Jandillo had been her nemesis; what was this water? What would it mean?
She plopped upon a small hill, hugged her knees and watched until her body swayed with the movement of the water. She feared it, yet loved and required it. It was the sea, they had told her, and it stretched further than a ship could travel. Perhaps further than her heart could go. Her mouth trembled suddenly, and she found her eyes filling with tears, though she didn’t know why. She stood quickly and headed back into the city.
She would need money, she decided, unless she could go without food. Here, she was one of many; no one really saw her, no one would notice her needs and take care of them. She looked at the sky, saw the sun beginning its downward journey. She would need food and drink and somewhere to stay before it disappeared completely down the west and into the sea. Though Ithyl was certainly warmer than the lands she had just left, she was suddenly reluctant to be alone on the streets when night fell.
She went a little further, closer into town, where there were enough people walking the streets that it seemed some of them should have time to listen. She tried to find a place where people stopped to talk, but it seemed everyone in the town was in a rush. Finally she stopped at a corner that felt friendly, where the crowds were left behind, and people walked a little more slowly. She stood holding her harp for a long time, her left hand touching the leather strap. Then she took it out and began to play.
Hesitant at first, she fingered the chords, rolling through a few arpeggios, her nervousness making the strings feel tight and strange under her fingers. Then she began a song she had learned just outside the city, one that seemed not too rollicking, not too slow. Just a song. The Mougos had given her honor and a place because of her playing, perhaps because she was a little mad. But somehow she knew that such things might not serve her in the city.
How did these people feel about magic? About madness? About music? The few, vague, war-scarred people she had encountered on her way to Ithyl, who wandered alone and lost, let her know what her fate would be should madness return. And playing that enthralled and possessed you? It might not be accepted among the city folk of Ithyl.
So she played, lightly, her eyes noting carefully the faces of those who passed. Several nodded and tossed a coin or two. She played more, getting a little bolder, watching her little pile of coins grow. By suppertime she figured she had enough and found herself a small inn, the Wild Duck, whose smells enticed her to enter. She ate a meat pie, drinking only water, and was surprised how few coins it cost her. She looked at the remaining coins in her hand. Maybe it was enough to stay the night, perhaps even have a hot bath.
Hesitantly, she asked the serving maid about lodgings. “We’ve room. And yer coins will buy two nights and a bath, plus a little extra fer eatin’.”
“Can I play at night inside the Inn?” she asked.
The girl looked at her harp. “Maybe. Sometimes he lets ‘em. I’ll ask.” She walked briskly up to the older man behind the counter, pointing Myrrha out to him. Then she returned to Myrrha, a broad smile on her face. “He says you can tonight. Then you can talk after.” She started away, then turned back to Myrrha. “If he likes your playing tonight, he’ll let you stay and play for your keep.”
Before she could leave, Myrrha paid the girl for the next night and a bath, relieved to have no coins to worry about keeping safe. She had her bath, then returned to the common room to play. Careful and tentative, she watched faces, listened to conversation between numbers. Tonight she wanted to be safe; she was not willing to risk anything until she had a sense of who the people really were, what their likes and dislikes were, their fears.
On a whim, she decided to do the number she had written for the Jandos, the one she had played her last night with them. That time was so bittersweet, she had avoided it since. She took a deep breath and began. The harmony was different, the rhythm more marked. Those in the room slowly stopped talking, turning to seek the source of the music.
As Myrrha continued, she kept her eyes on her harp, wondering if the designs would reappear. While she wandered in Mougos territory, she had not seen them, not since that first night that she had played for them in Geiry’s Pass. She wondered what they meant. She watched a finger or two tapping the rhythm. The looks were brighter, happier, and some who had been preparing to leave had decided to stay longer. Several customers were pulled in by the sounds of the music they heard from the street, but she kept the designs on her harp invisible. The innkeeper came over, smiling.
“You can play any night for lodgin’ and food,” he told her. “Aren’t many can play like that any more.” Relieved, Myrrha played one more number to finish the night. She would have a place to stay while she looked over the town. If only she knew her family name, or some of the rest of her people, maybe she could find them. She did know her mother’s and father’s first name, but not her family name, and she had already heard the name Reiha twice in her travels and Jorik as well.
The next few weeks Myrrha wandered the town, her sea-blue eyes taking in everything. She knew her way to the markets, had walked the streets of the wealthy, had even climbed the hill to view the Halls of the King, both the public one where the laws were dealt with, and the private one where he and his family lived, along with his court. She became more confident in her playing, less fearful. No one questioned her music, her ability to play and sing.
In the days that followed, Myrrha discovered that though soldiers went off to battle with pomp and fanfare, they returned more often without it, wounded in body and spirit. They came singly into the town and Myrrha recognized the looks on their faces, for had hers not worn the same one for the past two years? She decided for them she would simply play, returning any coins they gave her.
As she played for them, the designs in her harp began to reappear, and terrible nights filled with nightmares followed. As surely as there was one, the other would follow in its wake. But she found that she could not refuse the aid her playing gave to the wounded, no matter the nights that followed.
There was Ganled, bearded warrior of the plains who had come from Anor to fight against the warrior hordes of Turgor, at their borders to the north. He had gone with his eldest son, who had pleaded to go to battle, and Ganled had promised his wife he would bring his son home again.
But in the cross fortunes of war, they had become separated in a retreat from battle. The next time he had seen his son, he was lying wounded and still on the field behind them. Ganled had gone back, against the orders and cries of those around him, gathered up his son and returned unharmed, the arrows of Turgor’s men whistling about him.
He had not cared about his life, for his wife, in her fear and anger, had told him not to return if he did not bring their son. His son died on the way, his head rolling over his arm, leaving the smell of blood in his nostrils, its traces sticky on his hands. He had not known before the weight of the dead. With the flowing out of that life, his own seemed to go.
Though not wounded in body, he had been sent back with the wounded, for his eyes were vacant, and he could no longer respond to the talk of those around him. Instead, he would sit motionless and silent, or at other times, fall into a rage and fight with any who would take him on. Myrrha first saw him on the bank of a stream, staring at the water, sitting half in and half out, wet and cold. She sat down near him and played. Simply and quietly at first, weaving in the bird cries, the sounds of wind in the trees, catching the smell of farms and fresh tilled lands.
Then into battle, she took him. Among death and dying, they walked, but he was not alone. When his son died, he was still not alone, wrapped in the arms of the music, the arms of his wife and hope. He stood, looked long at Myrrha, nodded and found his way across the stream and headed home. His friend. who had tried to lead him home back to the care of his wife, a wife who had given up in despair, gave a great shout, hurled his hat in the air, and followed.
Hours later that night, as Myrrha slept in her small room in the Wild Duck, blackness found her. Once more she was paralyzed, unable to move, while fists squeezed the heart and breath out of her body. Once more the black river raged through her, drowning her in the ice of despair, the currents of fear. Sometime in the night, close to morning, the blackness left.
After Ganled, people sought her out, for the soldier and his friend gave her great praise. Others came to Ithyl to find her. She could not refuse them. She shrank from the following blackness; still she played and healed. The designs would appear, would glow, and then would come the black night. The pattern was set, it seemed.
So Rolan, wrapped most often in a dark cloak, holding his silver harp, played for the war torn. Their hearts would lose that sharp, cold stone that was lodged in their chests. Their eyes would no longer be caught with the horrors of the battlefield, but would turn to the land greening around them. They dropped their memories of death and anchored once more on life. Afterward, they remembered Rolan the minstrel, who led them out of the dark, and blessed him, not knowing of his own dark days among the Mougos, or the dark nights that followed their healing.
There was Mensa, the small girl from the border town who had fled the wars with her older brother. She had seen both her mother and her sister killed by the squat dark men of Turgor when they overran her village. They were cut down by swords as they tried to return home from the village well. Up on the hillside, her brother silenced her screams and forced her to lie still beside him, behind a rock while the men finished their work of butchery. No army was there to fight, only the women and children and old men of the village. But they were close to the border and the men had no mercy.
Her brother brought Mensa to Ithyl, to the places of healing, for help. But though they could give her good herbs and kind care, it was as if she was gone from them. At night the terror of her dreams drove her from sleep; come morning, her soul seemed to have fled. Daily her brother watched her fade, seeing in her pale face and gray eyes the deaths he wished to forget. Never very heavy, her slight form grew slighter, and it seemed one day she would just not be there.
Someone brought Myrrha to the House of the Healers. Afterwards, she could not remember who. She played. Slowly, the young girl moved in the wind of the playing, swaying, turning. Her brother raised his head to watch, his brown eyes dull and hopeless, his brown hair tousled and unkempt. The healers felt that when Mensa went, he would go, too.
The harp in Myrrha’s hands wailed and moaned, her voice grew wild like the crags and the great birds of prey upon the heights. Storm winds flowed down, and Mensa sat down suddenly and wept. Her brother went to her and for the first time, she knew him and they wept together. When their storm was over, they stood, hands clasped as they walked out. After that day, healers sought Myrrha when the heart and mind were too wounded for them to heal the body.
One night she played for a regiment of soldiers direct from the front. All were tired, the horror of war fresh in their faces. She played of young things, of the sweetness of new breezes off fragrant hills, the ripe taste of strawberries and new-baked bread. She sang of those they had left behind, their children, their wives. They felt the soft touch of a hand upon their cheeks, then arms enfolded them, and they wept and were renewed.
The first of June came and with it a full-scale celebration in the great hall of the King of Esfalia. As part of it, the king had invited all minstrels to play at a great feast, for music was dear to the heart of all Esfalians. Myrrha went; she could not have stayed away, but she went to listen, not to play. She found herself an out of the way spot beside one of the great wooden pillars rising all the way to the roof and settled back to watch. She still feared crowds of people from the days in the village of Jandillo, where she was baited and harassed and sometimes even injured.
One by one they played, the best of the musicians in the land, and Myrrha found the music they played strangely familiar. Without realizing it, she got caught up in their marked rhythms and sweet melodies, melodies so poignant they pained the heart. Standing errect, she left her spot by the pillar and joined the cheering crowd in front of the last minstrel.
Enthralled in the music, she did not notice Ganled beside her. Staring keenly at her a moment, he made his way to the side of the crowd and up to the seneschal in charge. His whispered words brought a look of annoyance to the man’s face, then at the soldier’s insistence, he motioned for silence. When he had it, he spoke loudly.
“Seems we have one more minstrel here today who has not played. Rolan from Mougos. Let him through.”
It was not a case of let. Scattered through the crowd were more of the wounded who had heard Myrrha play the songs that had brought back to their hearts and minds desire and reason to live. They parted the crowd and pushed her forward. Myrrha wanted to leave, but she was caught as neatly as a fish in a net, and soon found herself in an open space in front of the crowd.
She stepped onto the dais and turned to face the people in front of her, now silent and waiting. Her face was white against her blue-black hair and eyes, in spite of the warmth in her dark cloak. Her hands moved nervously around the silver frame of her harp, but everything else about her was still; the stillness, Ganled thought, that came before a storm, or before a battle. He caught his breath and waited. Had he been right to put the minstrel in such a spot?
Stalling, she slowly removed the silver harp from its case. Tense at the huge crowd facing her, she didn’t hear the commotion to her left among some of the court ladies at the sight of her harp. Slowly she sat on the stool there, placed the harp in front of her and started to run her fingers over the strings. The commotion stopped. It seemed to those listening that all the previous music had been lacking something.
As for Myrrha, she found that on this day and in this place the harp had a mind and will of its own. She found herself fingering melodies she had never played, singing tunes she did not know. The frame of the harp glowed and the designs were the clearest Myrrha had ever seen them.
In all the great hall, there was no other sound. Even the dogs waiting to the sides and under the tables for the feast to begin did not move. The queen found herself staring at the harp, its shape and sound known to her, the swirling designs a part of her heritage. And she wept for the sweetness of her childhood with a sister who was lost, for a young niece that had left on a journey and never returned. Beside her, her lady-in-waiting smiled and wept in turn, caught by the power of the music.
When it stopped, a great sigh went up from all present. Ganled grinned from ear to ear. Then up from the hall went a great cheer, and Myrrha found herself blushing with both pleasure and awkwardness. She stood up, bowing at the applause. Her face was white and red in turns. Then out of the corner of her eye, she noticed a small group of court guards heading her way. Suddenly she was back on the trail in Jandos with her mother, fleeing the hunters.
In sudden terror, she struck the harp, and a rush of wind and sound wrapped itself around her. Those closest to her were sent spinning with the force, and all in the hall held their ears to shut out the wall of sound that descended upon them. In their midst, a whirl of wind gathered, rushed through them and was gone.
The soldiers stopped right where they were. When it was still once more the wonder grew.
“He was here. Where did he go?”
“What was that sound?”
“Where did that wind come from?”
Ganled stroked his chin and murmured to himself. “So. He doesn’t want to be found. They’ll not find him, then. Not him.”
And they didn’t. Though Queen Elana sent messengers throughout the town, it was as if Rolan had vanished.



Chapter 19


In the hall, the queen, her sister, and her ladies waited. Soon the captain of the guard approached. “The minstrel is gone, as if he were lifted from the midst of us by the wind and set down somewhere else. No one saw him go.”
“No one?”
“No one,” the captain assured her. “It was like magic.”
“I know.” The queen was a little breathless.
“What is your will, My Lady?”
The queen continued as if she hadn’t heard him. “That harp. I know that harp, that kind of playing.” The guard waited patiently. Suddenly decisive, she ordered, “Search the town. Find me the minstrel, and bring him here.”
“Yes, Your Highness.”
“Search out all the inns. We haven’t heard of him before, so he must be fairly new to town. And he’s staying somewhere. The innkeepers will know him. Offer a reward for information. Let them know the minstrel is not in trouble.” The queen turned to her sister. “He feared my guards. Why?”
But there were no answers, only questions.
That night a search was made by the queen’s own guards through the city of Ithyl for the minstrel, Rolan, but he was not to be found. Not in the usual inns or guesthouses, nor on the streets. Not even at the Wild Duck, which two guardsmen visited late in the evening.
“He stayed here last night, but we haven’t seen him since morning. He usually plays for the crowd around dinner time, but he didn’t come tonight,” the innkeeper said, wondering what the queen’s soldiers wanted with his minstrel.
“Where’s his room?”
“At the top of the stairs,” the innkeeper gestured. “You can have a look, if you want. Door’s not locked.”
“No one here,” announced the first guardsmen to enter the room, “and nothing here either.” They climbed back down the stairs to where the innkeeper stood behind the counter. “You’re sure he hasn’t been here since morning?”
“Haven’t seen him,” the innkeeper insisted.
“Well if you see him, or if he returns, the queen would like to know.”
“Has he done something?”
“No. The queen just wants to talk to him.”
As the two guards left, the innkeeper’s wife joined him. “He came early afternoon and took his things. Should we tell them?”
The innkeeper shook his head. “If he’s done nothing, we’ll keep his silence. He must have his reasons.” His wife nodded agreement.
Outside one guard commented to the other, “Not much use looking for him if he doesn’t want to be found.”
The other nodded in agreement. “He went right out of the middle of a crowd, with guards all around and not one saw which way he went.”
“The queen is insistent, though. She said to search everywhere, not stopping until we find him.”
“If we ever do. Come on, let’s try that last inn on the edge of the wharf.”
No one found Rolan. Tales of the marvels of his playing were taken back to the queen, and she wondered who he was and where he had come by his harp, but he seemed to have completely vanished.
The ship, Windward, left before sundown on that same day for the city of Mythro in the south country of Westra. A slim figure stood at the rail watching the shoreline and the sea itself. The ‘lad’ had come late that afternoon wrapped in his worn, dark cloak with a small pouch of money at his side, and purchased a single room with only one berth. He spoke to no one but went into his little compartment and closed the door. Not until they had been moving for a while did he come up on deck, where he remained for an hour or two, watching the land and sea, yet seemingly unaware of the ship and those on her. When it was full night, he went back below and carefully closed and locked his door.
Myrrha lay on her berth and waited. She knew the blackness would come, for the harp had reached full power. By the brightness of the harp’s designs, she knew it would be especially bad. It was. By morning’s first light she had slept little and was so low in spirits she could only lie weeping, softly, gently, the tears running from the corners of her eyes, her hands and arms too heavy to wipe them away. She slept then, not emerging from her cabin until late afternoon.
It was a full week and a half’s sail down the coast to Mythro. The weather held, the winds were balmy and blew steadily into the sails. Myrrha had not sailed before, and for the first few days the ship became an endless source of delight. She was on deck from early morning to dusk, watching the play of the sails in the wind, feeling the roll and pitch of the ship beneath her. The sea itself fascinated her, the endless stretch of water that was different in texture and color each time you looked. Overhead swept clouds and shore birds, for the ship remained in sight of land.
The sailors minded their own affairs and let her alone. They had not seen the silver harp, for it had been bundled inside the cloak ‘the boy’ wore. Even after the ship was safely on its way, Myrrha made no attempt to play for fear word would get back to Ithyl and pursuit would follow. But it was a long ten days to Mythro, without her music and burdened by dark thoughts which found her again. Why were armed guards after her? Had she broken some social rule? Were minstrels outside the city not allowed to play in that competition? Her mind was busy; her heart felt again the terror of the hunted. It seemed she was back in Jandos, fleeing once more.
At night especially, her thoughts and fears tormented her. Had the villagers finally caught up with her? Was Samlt’s death to be laid at her door? She could not call up witch fire as the villagers had feared. She did not know how. Did she?
Somehow, when Samlt had come at her, when his foul breath had threatened to overwhelm her, she had known how to fling open the door and push him before her out of it. And that even without the harp. Had the fire been an accident? Or had she truly wished to destroy him? And her mother. If they had not been on the run, could she have recovered? Over and over she relived those moments of her life, seeking answers that did not come, diving into her sorrow until it overwhelmed her.
Yet sometimes she turned her thoughts to other things, to the last moment in the concert in Ithyl. She found herself smiling at the response to her music, to the power she had wielded. At the same time an undercurrent of fear troubled her. What power did she have? Why were the palace guards after her? Who was she?
But there were no answers, only questions she could not ask of anyone there. So at night, she paced and brooded. During the day, she seldom spoke, but was often at the deck rail, her eyes fixed to the sea.. What she watched for, even she could not say.
Sometimes her gaze would be directed back the way they had come, sometimes across the water to the passing coast. But as days went on, more and more they found her standing gazing towards the prow of the ship, in front of the mainsails, gazing towards their destination city, Mythro, capital of Westra.
So far, there had been little to see. The ship had passed only a few small villages, and they were so distant as to be only black dots except for the scattered smoke trails lifting above them. But soon, on the silver back of the river, they would reach the great estuary that curved into the heart of Westra, the river that would take them to Mythro and Heath Halls, the seat of the kings of Westra.
On the seventh day after their departure from Ithyl, the ship Wanos, named for the Wind God of the Ithylians, entered the mouth of the Mythro River and sailed inland. It was with some trepidation that Myrrha, standing on the deck, stood watching the approaching shore. What would befall her here? She had taken ship without much thought for where she was going. Her only thought had been to leave the palace guards and all questioners behind. Besides, the sea called to her.
“When I get there, wherever there is,” she thought, “I’ll leave the court alone.” She sniffed in disgust, the sharp sliver of fear beneath. Jangling below were images of search parties and dogs, and palace guards trying to surround her. And below them a terrible world of blackness and fire, grasping hands and screams. Yet, when she played, the world was new-made for her and for her listeners. How could that be?
Silently, Myrrha leaned forward over the rail of the ship. Her face was a pale oval in its frame of dark hair, her eyes a dark flash of blue. No expression crossed her set face, not even while they docked and the ship’s passengers left, one by one. When they were gone, Myrrha went below to gather her few belongings.
Her silver harp she concealed beneath her dark cloak, her packet of clothing she slung over her shoulder to hide any piece of the harp’s shape that might show. Her expression did not change as she passed the captain on her way down the ramp to shore, though she did return his nod, letting her breath out in a burst of relief after she had passed. What if he had been instructed to watch for a minstrel? But he had let her pass. She was safe. In fact, he had let her step off the gangway without any real interest or notice, which Myrrha suddenly found made her feel alone. Once more she was alone in a strange city.
She raised her head to scan the shore and those assembled there, but no one seemed to be looking for her. She walked through the crowd and a pace beyond. She could disappear here and none would ever question where Rolan the minstrel had gone. For a moment she toyed with the idea of being just Myrrha, but her common sense reasserted itself. A girl alone was in danger. At least as Rolan the minstrel she had a chance, an occupation and some protection. Even if word did come from Ithyl, probably no one would bother to send her back.
She looked more carefully at her surroundings. It was September, yet all about was still the green of blade and leaf, the pink and gold of flowers. It was late afternoon and still warm for that time of year. The skies were clear and cloudless, the sun sat in the morning sky.
She needed someplace to stay, and somewhere she could earn enough money to keep herself. She thought of playing, and was touched with fear. Playing had forced her out of Ithyl, but if she avoided the formal places, perhaps she would be safe. Besides, there was nothing else she knew.
So she went away from the harbor, knowing that the harbor would contain the roughest sailors and the most callous innkeepers, and would be the first place someone would search for her. It would also have the most recent news, so if any were still looking for her, word would be passed around there.
Minstrels were fewer in Mythro, and fewer seemed to seek out the inns. Three hours later, on a little traveled road half an hour out of the city, at the opposite end from the harbor, she found the River Road Inn. It was small and looked as if it would not have enough business to support a minstrel, but she was hungry. She would at least stop for food. Then she would have to head back further into town. She found that thought dismaying.
The company in the inn seemed mostly farmers, traveling to and from town to hawk their wares, or merchants on a similar errand. The inn itself seemed peaceful and clean. Even the voices of the merchants and farmers seemed mellow and distant to Myrrha’s tired ears. She hesitated at the doorway, letting her eyes grow accustomed to the dimmer light of the interior. Sunlight glanced off dust motes, golden in the air. Wood gleamed, and a round innkeeper with a fairly white towel around his middle was polishing a counter. Not far from him, a young girl about Myrrha’s age was laying cloths on rough wooden tables arranged somewhat haphazardly around the room.
The room fairly oozed welcome and relief, warmth and good food. A fat dog lazed before the fire to her left, and from the doorway behind the counter Myrrha could smell the aroma of fresh pies and breads, of meat roasting.
“Yes, sir?” The voice was easy and mellow. Not low enough to resound with power and not high enough to ever be shrill, she thought. She fingered the few coins left in her pouch.
“A meat pie,” she decided, “and water.”
She set her bundle at her feet, the harp was still under her cloak, which she was wearing, in spite of the long walk and the warmth of the September day. Her hopes that they had both space for her and a need for a minstrel grew even more fervent when she tasted the meat pie. She carefully licked her fingertips to get the last of the flavor from them.
She looked up to see the innkeeper’s grin at her actions. “None makes ‘em better than my wife, Marta. Leastways, none that are still living. She got the know-how and recipes from her gran some years ago.”
Now that it was time to ask, Myrrha found herself a little tongue-tied, but the innkeeper was shrewder than he looked. Or more intuitive.
“Minstrel?” Startled, Myrrha nodded. “Any good?” In her haste to assure him that she was, Myrrha almost found herself stuttering. “Play something. Farmers come in here on an evening and need a bit of a lift.”
Soon Myrrha was playing, hesitantly at first, for her fingers had not touched the harp for the time of her journey. The sound grew stronger and more certain as she went along. The young girl stopped working and came to sit next to her. The man stopped polishing the counter and stood still. Even the dog woke up and paid attention. She found herself improvising lyrics as she went.

Home is where I’m not, where I can’t be now
Home I haven’t got, nor a pig, nor a cow
Just a brown roof and four walls will do
A bread loaf, a pint and a love that’s true.

But home’s not for me; I must travel far
Down this road and that looking for my star
Somewhere it’s shining, bright and fair
Somewhere it’s singing, and I am there.
Rum tiddle de dum dum and I am there.

Her voice flowed into the simple tune she had picked up in her wanderings. In it was the pain of those wanderings and a terrible longing to be safe and loved. She took care, however, that she awoke no markings on the frame of her harp. The door was ajar and by the time she and the innkeeper and the girl had pulled away from the focus of the music, half a dozen folk stood within the room.
“Harrumph.” One old man with a burly brown beard streaked with white cleared his throat. “Will ye be here later, if I was to fetch me wife?”
The others were nodding. “The missus would like to hear summat of that, all right.”
The innkeeper looked at Myrrha, questioningly. “I have a good room upstairs, minstrel. It’s yours as long as you like, plus all the pastries and good food you could want.”
Myrrha nodded her acceptance.
“Have y’ a name?”
“I am called Rolan,” which wasn’t really a lie, Myrrha thought.
“We haven’t had music here in a goat’s age. Seems all those who can really play head for the court folk.” The innkeeper’s keen, pale eyes met Myrrha’s, caught her uneasiness at the word court, and her nod of acceptance.
“Come back at supper time,” he told the people assembled there. “We’ll hear him again then.” The farmers and merchants faded away. Myrrha found herself a room, a bath and a full stomach richer. She was safe and could have her music once more.
The innkeeper let her be, and the inn girl, Rose, who turned out to be his granddaughter, was kind without being intrusive. It was all she could ask. In the days that followed, the crowd at the inn of an evening grew steadily larger, until the innkeeper had to make two separate dinner hours with a break in between.
He started paying Myrrha a small wage, and with nowhere to spend it, her hoard grew. September days melted into October, then November. “Ye’ll be leaving before the snows?” He asked her one day.
“No, oh, no.” The words were unnecessary. Panic-stricken eyes had already given the innkeeper his answer. He was glad, for the minstrel was good for business. Yet Rolan troubled him. He knew real talent when he saw it, for he had known many a minstrel in the old days, before they all became money hungry and craved fame, as he said. But it was more. Something in the face and eye caught his heart, a sadness, a pain.
Leaves turned red and gold and whirled to the earth in autumn winds that were by turns fierce and gentle. Myrrha found herself seized by restlessness and by day would prowl the woods. She usually took her harp, and sometimes she played as if she would grab the world and squeeze all the goodness out of it. Other times she played as if she were part of it all, gentle, even plaintive.
Her music drew people; she had known that before. But the innkeeper and his granddaughter became the family she had never known. The innkeeper seemed to see beyond Rolan into Myrrha, to know when she needed a smile or a laugh to lift her. His granddaughter’s easy chatter and quick hugs brought warmth to Myrrha’s life. They accepted the minstrel as one of them. It was as if they looked into her very soul with kindness and acceptance, a soul she had feared was lost, and it made all the difference. Sometimes she found herself wandering with a tuneless whistle just under her breath, a smile on her face and her eyes bright.
As if to make up for that earlier time of oblivion, every detail of her surroundings was etched upon her heart and mind. She learned to laugh at the cheeky brown wren that nested outside her window, to see a leaf against the light, feeling its veins under the fall colors. Once she buried herself in a mound of gold and red leaves, not minding the dust that remained when she emerged. The squirrels delighted her with their secret scurryings, and the deer with their soft eyes and grace led her to quiet pools within herself that she had not known were there.
But it was the moon that drove her wild. That low, living orb leaping over the horizon, flooding through the trees in a wash of lace, pulled her out of the inn and into the night, when the inn’s guests had gone, and none were about to see. She went west and south of the inn, into the forest until she reached a small clearing where the moon’s light fell full upon her.
She couldn’t risk using her music, it would draw others to her and moonstruck as she was, she could not afford to be seen. But she would dance to music only she could hear, arms outstretched, whirling in that light, her graceful form making its own lace of the moonlight. When she was exhausted, she would sink to the earth, the moonlight playing on her face. She longed to cast Rolan aside and just be Myrrha. On those nights, she did not, could not, sleep for the wild force that filled her.
When she did sleep, it was to dream, and her dreams were full of the days before the wild ride down river and the crude hut among the Jandos, full of her mother smiling, singing, and another woman that carried a silver harp, her harp. Sometimes Myrrha could almost see beyond her mother to a place and the people around them, but almost was as far as it went. She could not retrieve those memories, and they remained in shadow, but the happiness in them was a store she found she could draw on.
As well as the moon, the forest, the river and the sea itself drew her. She loved the thunder of the waves, their constant rhythm, and the patterns of tides. Once she felt safe, she would walk until she came to the bluff that overlooked Mythro, not far from Heath Halls. She would sit overlooking the harbor in the warm afternoon, watching the trading ships come and go, the fisher folk in their small boats, while the gulls screamed overhead. After her years inland, the vast shining water seemed a thing of marvelous power. She thought of it as a silver serpent, weaving together the edges of life and death.
She would stop for a few moments at the small church she had to pass on her way home from the bluff. It was always open, still and quiet. Myrrha felt drawn to the place. Unlike the myriad temples to the gods she had encountered in Ithyl, or the shrines and altars to the many gods of the Mougos and the Jandos, this small place drew her. She learned it was a church of the One God, whose Son was to come one day, to teach and lift all back to his father through his death. The gentle man who tended the grounds and the small chapel, as he called it, said simply, “We fell from God’s side, and with his Son’s help, we will return.”
“Why would he help us?”
The man smiled and said simply, “He loves us. You, me, that old woman walking out the door. Princes and poor people. He loves us all.”
Maybe there was hope and a chance still for her, Myrrha thought, if such a being could love her. She shook her head at the wonder of it all. “When will he come?”
The man shook his head. “In his own time. Maybe soon, maybe in a far off age. I don’t know.” Myrrha felt disappointment bubble within her. The man understood and touched her arm, “I know He will come.”
Myrrha had left then; it was almost time for her to play at the inn. I will return, she thought. I will hear more. The small church seemed to remind her of something she had once known but had forgotten. Like Ithyl and the sea, it felt like coming home. She was immersed in her world, the richness of the details that surrounded her, the landscape, the chapel, the people.
Then one day there was a break in the rhythm of Myrrha’s days. A troop of soldiers bearing the banner of the king of Westra came through the town to the Inn. They were bound for the war on Ithyl’s borders, for Westra was her ally, and they would take the inner road instead of the coast way, to touch at Anor on their way. Soon they filled the inn, even to the few tables outside the door. Food would be a while and it was not yet time for Myrrha to play. Something was needed to while the time, so the innkeeper, in a panic, sent his granddaughter to search for Myrrha.
Rose found Myrrha, her arms full of flowers, a garland in her hair. She stared wide eyed at Myrrha for a moment before she spoke. Myrrha colored and scrambled to her feet, scattering flowers to the wind. One hand grabbed for the garland, offering it to Rose.
“It’s for you.”
“You’re a girl!”
The two statements came together. Myrrha’s hasty gesture and words were too late. Both Rose and Myrrha knew that. Myrrha said nothing. Her scarlet cheeks spoke for her.
“Well, if you wish your secret, keep it, but you’d better leave the flowers alone. Grandfather needs you to play for the soldiers that are heading out. Dinner’s not quite ready and there’s a lot of them just waiting. Will ye come?”
Myrrha came and played, of fall, of leaves turning and days warm in the sunlight, of fields golden with stubble after the harvest. She played of family and home and all that they were leaving behind as they went north to war. She played, watching her harp frame, keeping it clear, so she wasn’t prepared for the effect she was having on one grizzled old soldier, heading back to the front for his third campaign. He leaped to his feet, his face working, his eyes blinking rapidly to prevent tears.
“Stop. Stop, I say. Ye’ll play no more of that devil’s music.” He reached across for her harp.
It was hard to say what he might have done with it, but suddenly a young man with intent brown eyes and hair as dark as a raven’s wing, touched with copper lights stood beside him. The young man was no soldier, but he seemed to be someone with authority. He said only, “Ah, Will. Still black and bitter it is.” He clapped him on the shoulder.
“Sorry, Sire.” Swiftly the old man turned and was out the door.
The young man turned to Myrrha, and his gaze seemed to see all she was and all she had been and known.“Sorry.” The young man nodded at Myrrha. “His sons were killed beside him in his last battle. He cannot bear a happy world, without them.”
At his words, Myrrha found tears pushing upward into her eyes from the deep river of pain that flowed inward in a walled chasm, a river that had deepened as she had healed.
“Play something merry.” His look of compassion almost undid her, and she was hard put to return to her playing.
Later, she questioned Rose.
“Him? With the dark hair and eyes that see? That was Lon, our king’s son.”
“A king’s son? But he had no retainers. No fanfare.”
“Not him. Likes the quiet way. Likes his people, not just the show.”
A new face entered her dreams, with dark eyes and black hair, and Myrrha found herself even more troubled and restless. She waited for something, longed for something or someone, or both. Her dreams had always been full of her mother’s voice, of places and people she had never seen. Now they were also full of someone else. Night after night she woke even more tense and withdrawn.
The eyes of the king’s son looked at her often in her dream, but that was the only place they ever would. She had not seen him again since that day and did not expect to. She stilled the bird of her heart that arose when she thought of him and lost herself in her music. Itinerant minstrels have nothing to do with court members, she thought, especially if they are girls in disguise. She longed to be just Myrrha, but she had no real notion of who or what that was.
In addition, there was something else. She watched the frame of her harp carefully, and the black nights had gone. Instead, she dreamed of a city of light, where there was no sorrow, not even a shadow. Finally she confided in Rose.
“You dream of a city of gold? With light coming from the streets?” She stared at Myrrha, her mouth open. Then she hastily backed up a step or two.
“What is it? Why do I see it?” The girl stood dazed, not answering her. Frustrated, Myrrha seized her by the arm, shaking her a bit. “Rose?”
“Yes, sir-- Ma’am.” She looked at Myrrha with new eyes, full of respect. “Perhaps ye’ve dreamed of the inner lands. Where those with the power go.”
“What for?”
“Don’t ye know aught? To be trained. To become one of them. Though I’ve not heard of girls being called. Ye should go to the city south of us, and speak to a scholar there,” then she was off. Her words stayed with Myrrha. And soon she found herself asking questions about the city to the south. Godsel, she learned it was.
“Godsel? Why, it’s just at the end of the road.” The wide farmer she was asking pointed down the forest road that had spilled the troops into the inn just two weeks past.
Fall deepened and the air became crisp at night. Though further south than she had ever lived, Myrrha knew from the conversations she had heard at the inn from the farm folk, that winter there would still be cold. The waters of the sea would keep the temperatures from dropping low, but the dampness could pierce and snow would come.
As fall came to an end, Myrrha found a restlessness upon her, a desire to pack up her few belongings and her harp and go. She watched the flocks of birds migrating south, listened to their wild, piercing calls, calling her, it seemed. She was surprised, for she had longed for a safe place, a warm place for her heart. Now that she had found such a place, why would she leave?
Why indeed? But she had no rest to her soul. I must go south with the birds, she thought. Startled, she realized she had already left with them in her heart. She would go south and find out about the City of Light that beckoned to her in her dreams.



Chapter 20


The innkeeper watched Myrrha. The light snows of late November came, and Myrrha grew ever more tense and restless. When December winds whirled down from the eastern ridge that stretched along the center of Westra, like a large backbone, he was sorry, if not surprised, when Myrrha took up with a group traveling the forest road down to Godsel. He packed her provisions and bid her good cheer and watched her go with an uneasy heart, knowing also his nightly crowds would be smaller.
“The minstrel’s gone, then?” Rose watched with him.
“Aye. Off to Godsel Keep. Would I could keep him here.”
“Do ye think he has the power?”
“You mean magic?”
Rose nodded.
“I guess. At least when it comes to music. And mebbe that’s magic. Why do you ask, child?”
“She saw the gold city. In dreams.” Then Rose realized her mistake. “He, I mean.”
But the innkeeper was not fooled. “She?” He whistled softly under his breath. “So that’s it. That’s why she stuck to out of the way places. Saw the city of gold?”
Rose nodded. “Aye. Dreamt about it a lot, she said.”
“A bard. A wild one. With the power. No wonder she could hold ‘em and pack the inn full.” He turned back to his work. “And a girl to boot. We’ll miss her though, with her white face, her midnight eyes and hair. And we’ll miss that voice and harp that pulls fire right down into our hearts. Better than Turgish ale, it is.”
On the road south, in the middle of a group of merchants heading to Godsel for trade, a slight figure stooped under the double load of pack and harp. The way was shorter and faster by horseback, but this group had only a couple of pack animals and their own sturdy backs. The days wound on, as endless as the road, for the trip was long on foot, and the snow made a white, cold world. It was a dreary trip, for most nights they were wrapped in blankets shivering by the fire, a dusting of snow on their backs from the north storms that found them. In spite of the cold, Myrrha distanced herself from the flames, and refused even to look at them. For when she did she saw Samlt burning.
On her way, Myrrha had three weeks to think about Godsel’s scholar and the city of gold. Three weeks. Like Rose, she also wondered if it were possible for a girl to enter the Halls of Learning and find the City of Light. She still could not answer the question, why south? Why Godsel? Lon’s face filled her mind, but he was north, like the inn and the people there, like the church of the one god. Why was she going away from everything that caught her heart?
But she went anyway, and the snow and woods closed about her. Most days the wind was too loud and strong for the travelers to talk amongst themselves. Myrrha would probably not have shared her concerns anyway. I’ll figure it out as I go, she thought. As the days went by, the answer still eluded her, but when people mentioned Godsel, she could hear music.
They approached Godsel on the evening of the nineteenth day, and all of the party were glad to be there, all thirteen of them. They entered the town as a group. Myrrha was the only woman, though none knew. There was a clothing merchant and his son, three weavers, a man and his three teenaged sons returning after visiting family in Mythro, a carpenter, a cobbler, and a blacksmith. They were given a cheery welcome at the gates by the guard there who knew several of them before they passed into the town proper.
Unlike Mythro which edged both sides of a broad river, Godsel was nestled around a small bay. Myrrha could see the water beyond the sea walls, the long flat strand leading to the sea’s edge, for the tide was low. The small river eased gently into the bay on the south edge. Its source was east, in high hills and snow-filled forests. It wound down south through the upper town before losing itself in the west sea. The presence of the sea was more marked here than in Mythro, the water nearer, the salt smell of it stronger in the air.
The group Myrrha was with began to disperse, two here, one there. It seemed everyone had a destination, except Myrrha. She found herself unexpectedly dismayed. Nonsense, she told herself, sternly. I’ve been alone since my mother died, and before that, really. If I truly wanted to be with others, I would have remained at the inn, wouldn’t I?
She had made it through alone all the way to Esfalia, down the coast to Mythro, and now to Godsel. The cozy inn marked a unique time in her life; however, she would not allow that interlude to shake her independence. She could still make it alone.
Myrrha was glad the weather was warmer in Godsel. They had left the snow five days behind them and it looked as if frost was still weeks away, if it ever came this far south. Still, she stopped and pulled her old cloak tightly about her, realizing as she did so, that she was about the only one dressed that way. She had not played since the inn; the weather had been too cold, and they had only stopped for a few hours one night in any kind of shelter. They had all been too weary for music, the weather inclement. It almost looked like minstrels were a thing of the past. She had seen few in Mythro, and as yet none in Godsel.
Behind her, the man and his teenaged son almost stumbled over her, before they were able to stop. The man was lean and wiry, his son already taller than his father, even though he was only fourteen. They were the last of her party. Vaguely Myrrha remembered something about a shop in the middle of town. They righted themselves and passed her, one on either side, meeting again just beyond.
The man hesitated, then turned back to Myrrha. “Ye’ve friends in the town?”
Myrrha shook her head. “No. I’ve not been here before. Where do musicians go?”
“You’d better come along with us tonight. It’s suppertime and getting dark. We’ll sort it out tomorrow.” He turned back, head bowed against the stiff wind blowing off the sea, buffeting them from behind as they climbed the slight incline into the town. In the growing dusk, Godsel was merely a line of lights curving around the harbor. The man didn’t wait for a reply. Myrrha hesitated, not knowing the customs here, not seeing any inns.
She heard the clatter of horses on the cobbles behind her, and moved against a wall of houses made of sturdy red brick, half turning to allow the horses to pass. Ahead of her, the man and his son had also stepped aside to let the party pass. She waited, too chilled to turn back into the wind, eyes half closed, waited while a wolf trotted by. A wolf. She woke immediately to full awareness, especially as the wolf turned to look at her. She reached for her power to whirl about her in protection, and suddenly stopped.
I’m Myrrha, she thought. Myrrha, minstrel from the north. Then she caught herself in confusion. I mean Rolan... The thought died out and she flushed. What was she doing, introducing herself to a wolf?
Rilse.
The sound was in her head. She stared after the wolf, as he continued down the street. Riders on horseback came next. Briefly she wondered about horses and wolves traveling together. What was this place she had come to? But the wolf was driven right out of her thoughts as she lifted her eyes to the approaching riders, for there were the dark brown eyes and hair of her dreams. Just a quick glimpse, and they were gone. Could it possibly be the king’s son?
Startled, she stood gazing after the riders and the wolf. When she came back to her surroundings, the man, Will, and his son, Dale, were far enough ahead that she had to run to catch them up. It didn’t make sense to find Lon here in Godsel. She must have been mistaken, some trick of light and shade. It was twilight, after all, the time of day most given to the mixing of fact and fancy. Besides, they had ridden by so quickly.
She followed her guides well into the heart of the town, stopping before a doorway in a wall of houses. A quick rap and the door opened, spilling warm light into the dark street. Two children stood there, a ten-year-old girl and a small boy of four or five. The children laughed in delight when their father stepped forward. The five-year-old boy wrapped himself around his father’s leg, the young girl linked arms with him and rested her face on his arm. Briefly, Myrrha wondered what it would have been like to have known her father like that. Before Jandillo, she could remember nothing. And after, she wished only to forget.
The mother was calling out to one of the children, as she came from somewhere in the rear of the house. As she stepped into the hallway, which was between a small sitting room and a large kitchen, and saw her husband, a light passed over her face, touching her eyes. Her husband bent over the children to kiss her. They lingered a moment, looking at each other, before she noticed Myrrha, hanging back in the rear. Myrrha was feeling awkward and strangely sad, wondering why other people’s happy moments made a sharp pain in her breast. Then she drew the room’s sounds to her, whirled them close about her, and stepped in. Rolan would manage.
Rolan, too, was greeted with glad eyes and merry hearts, his pack taken and his harp laid carefully in the sitting room. They sat down to supper in the kitchen. Afterwards, Myrrha couldn’t say what they ate, but it was food for heart as well as body. She did remember the children leading her to the sitting room, exclaiming at her silver harp, as she drew it out of its leather coverings.
She sang that night of small things, smiles and warm bread and handclasps, of one family in one house and wondered why it was that such small things felt larger, more important than anything else she had known. On their part, the family felt well repaid for their hospitality. When she finished, they were all silent for a few moments, until the small boy said, “Even the silence sings, after you play.” He looked up into her sea-deep eyes, and Myrrha found herself strangely content.
She looked down at her harp, knowing what she would find. The designs were there, glowing very faintly, but no one else noticed as she slipped it back into its coverings. Just as well not to call attention to such things.
She slept on a small bed in a workroom off the kitchen, close to a bathroom holding a sink with taps that released water when you turned them, both hot and cold. There was a toilet also, that flushed. She had never seen such things. Nearby was a bathing room with a white tub that boasted its own taps as well. When her turn in the tub was over, she dropped into bed, pulling up the comfort of the home along with the bed clothes, relieved that she had a way in to the strange and wonderful town of Godsel.
In the morning, she awoke after Will and his eldest son, Dale, had left to open and run their shop. She learned they were tailors who made cloth into elegant clothes for the gentry in the manors and large estates of the town. They had delivered a large order in Mythro, and visited family there, now they were back home and at work.
“We don’t see minstrels anymore, more’s the pity,” the woman, Rilda, told her. “Nowadays, the musicians provide the music and usually they are invited to the great houses to perform. On special holidays they play in public, but not often. Not often enough for we common folk.”
She thought for a while, carefully looking over Rolan’s clothing. Myrrha knew what she was thinking. In comparison to the rest of the town, Myrrha’s clothing was an oddity. Not only was it not in keeping with the apparel of the rest of Godsel, it was not in very good condition. It had been worn before she started her trip, and the journey had taken its toll. She certainly would not be extended an invitation to any of the grand homes looking as she did, but she had very little left after buying her supplies for the road. A few coins were all that remained.
“I could play for the common folk,” she suggested. “Do you think they would come to listen?”
“They would if they once heard you. But the streets are cold this time of year.”
Myrrha could finish her thought; none of the manors would invite her there.
“What about the church in the square?” The daughter spoke up. “I heard someone play there a month or so back.”
Church. Myrrha had a quick image of the small church in Mythro. She could play in a building like that.
The mother, Rilda, nodded her head. “That’s so, someone did. It was unheated, for the caretaker was unwilling to spend money on fuel, but sheltered. There was a good crowd that night. That might be just the thing for you; you could catch people on their way home from work.”
“The church of the One God?” Myrrha asked, quietly.
“Yes. The One God and his Son.” The mother looked quickly at Myrrha, wondering about the course of her life and her lack of familiarity with churches.
Will heard the idea when he arrived home from work and nodded kindly at Myrrha. “Your playing will pull them in, no doubt about it.” So it was decided. Rilda penned a note to the church caretaker while Myrrha practiced many of her favorite pieces. She thought about writing a new one, but she needed money now. There wasn’t time to wait on a new song. The family assured her she could stay with them until her funds accumulated. She hated taking charity; she wanted to earn her own way.
The first impromptu concert was small, as were the next few succeeding ones, but after the first week was over, a good crowd was waiting long before Myrrha ever showed up. Their enthusiasm for this strange musician who was willing to play for them grew. But Myrrha knew that it would soon be too cold to play without heat and dark too early to play without light. Someone, she never really knew who, approached the caretaker and arranged for both.
Donations had accumulated enough that Myrrha could afford some new clothes. She had been assessing the apparel of the town, and knew that for her, the loose shirts and the flowing cloak were a better idea than the fitted frocks and morning coats that were the current dress. Besides, unusual attire would make her stand out.
Then came what she had been waiting for, an invitation to play for one of the manor homes at a late evening dinner and program. She held the gilded invitation in her hand, wishing she could read better. Remembering her last performance for high society, for the court at Ithyl, Myrrha felt her stomach tighten. But this event would not be at court, only someone’s home. Well, a notable someone, but still only someone.
The woman, Rilda, took things in hand. Although she was not a member of the “upper crust,” she sewed and mended for half the higher-ups in the town. “I’ll just have our Mary take ‘round your reply. I have some good paper.” Together they penned a suitable reply, Rilda giving Myrrha advice on how they did things in Godsel.
“When they hear you, all the rest of the fine folk will be sending invitations,” she assured Myrrha. “We’ll have to work on your clothes. These won’t do. You’ll need several shirts and pants. John can supply those from the shop. But for the gentry, you’ll need some of finer fabric, perhaps with embroidery on them. You’ll need at least two cloaks, rich and deep in color, perhaps one a deep red, and one a midnight blue to match your eyes. And oh, yes. They must be velvet.”
Fabrics were selected and the sewing begun. Myrrha had a bad moment when they wanted to measure her for size. “Here,” she improvised. “Take your measure from this old shirt and pair of pants. I must be off to write some new music.” They laughed at her and went to work.
Myrrha felt like she was watching a whirlwind lift up the pieces of her life and drop them down again, all ordered and set in place. Wistfully, she thought about her mother and their last days together. Meanwhile she practiced and kept up her nightly concerts at the church. Afraid the musical tastes of the upper class might be vastly different from the working people, she played everything she knew for the family, gauging from their responses which pieces were more likely to be well received. Her first engagement would tell the tale. If the manor liked her, they would pass the word along.
Her various articles of clothing arrived, but new boots were a problem. The styles that went with her minstrel’s wear were not made in the town in the small size she required. Two days before the engagement they finally found a pair in an old, out of the way cobbler’s shop, and the cobbler agreed to make more.
Then it was time. Sensing her concern, Will smiled at her. “Just play as you do for us and the whole town will be fighting over you.” Myrrha hoped he was right, for if there was a chance the king’s son was in Godsel, she would like to meet him again.
Dale walked her to the manor, giving her advice. “Likely enough there’ll be others. You’ll not be the only one playing. They’ll tell you how many pieces to play and when you’re done, if they ask you to play more, you’ll know you’ve done well.”
He knocked at a side entrance, where a servant escorted Myrrha in. “I’ll be here when you get done.” Dale lifted his cap, and was gone.
She was shown to a small side room beside the large hall where they would perform. Several other musicians already waited there, and as she sat down among them she thought nervously about her attire. Certainly she stood out. She seated herself and waited with the rest, remembering the last occasion she had played for nobility. She dismissed that thought. No king or queen would be present tonight. She wondered, briefly, if a king’s son would. Then they were invited into the large parlor.
Elegantly dressed women in long gowns, and men in dark jackets and trousers with white shirts were there, in a range of ages starting from about sixteen to fifty. Off to one side was an instrument with white rectangles that made sound when they were pressed. She learned later it was a new type of instrument, and the rectangles were keys that moved padded hammers to strike strings that made the sound. She had never seen one either in Esfalia or Mythro. Of course, she had only been in the one old-fashioned inn, never in the homes of the gentry. That explains, she mused, looking around her, why there are many musicians here without instruments.
The program began. Myrrha listened in growing dismay as singers and players performed; they seemed so much more sophisticated than she was. She listened to them play the new instrument, with its great variety of notes and sounds. The singers, some of them women from the hall, had strange warbles in their songs, rolling about on the high notes. Some just played, their fingers flying. It was nothing like her music. She should have been content to play for the humbler folk.
She sat flushed and uneasy while a young red-headed woman stared at her, at her ruby cloak and bloused shirt, then spoke to someone beside her. They both laughed, then stared pointedly at Myrrha again. It was her clothing. It was all wrong. Oh, she should not have come. They would only ridicule and make fun of her. Already in her mind she could hear the taunts they would make, and suddenly she was back in Jandillo, listening to the jeers of the village children, swirling the sound around her until she was safe from them, hidden in the forest.
She could leave. She could cloak herself in the sounds of the instruments this time, and leave unseen. But where could she go? There were no towns further south, just forest and desert and nomadic peoples. She fingered her velvet cloak, dropped her eyes to her embroidered shirt, wriggled her toes in the new boots, and thought of Rilda and Will and their children. They had worked so hard to help her prepare for this night. She owed them at least a try.
“Rolan.” She heard her name, bent to pick up the silver harp from beside her, and headed to the stool just in front of the new instrument. She sat the harp on her lap, and began to play. She was who she was. She would not change for them. She would sing of the forest as she had planned.
Softly at first, the light sounds came sliding out, like bird song, or sunlight off water. Then stronger, as if a pine tree sang, then another and another, till a whole forest sang together. The audience was hushed now, intent on the minstrel before them. This was nothing they knew. The young woman forgot the minstrel’s clothes. All that mattered was the minstrel’s music.
The sound deepened. Clouds gathered overhead, fierce winds swept down from the heights, through cold mountain passes, driving snow before them, laying the earth in a great white shroud. The creatures hid, their voices lost in the growing voice of a storm. As she played, some could see the forest, the creatures, the storm. Some only felt it in their hearts, but all were caught like rabbits in a light, motionless, unbreathing, eyes turned inward. Myrrha kept her eyes on her harp frame. Tonight she wanted only Myrrha, no other power, no intricate designs that glowed.
Then the sound slowed, the notes became lighter as the winds ceased. The snow lay still and quiet under bright moonlight, and one by one the night creatures found their voices. The trees whispered, the owls cried softly, then all was still. Myrrha’s harp was silent. So was the hall. Coming to herself, she looked out at the formal room of elegantly attired people, sitting motionless.
She had played her best. That was all she could do. She rose to leave, bowing her head once before them, unprepared for what happened next. A few of the ladies and gentlemen before her began to applaud, then suddenly they all were, two of the younger gentlemen rising to their feet. She flushed under their approval, bowing again, then seated herself once more upon the stool.
She played everything she had planned, and more. They would not let her leave. The young red-headed woman, whose name was Deirdre, asked her to play for a ball that was happening soon.
“It’s my coming out party. I’ll send you a formal invitation,” she promised. “It will be aboard ship in the harbor.”
Myrrha looked long and carefully at her until the young woman blushed, remembering her rude remarks about Myrrha’s dress to her friend. Surely the minstrel could not have heard what she said?
Myrrha stared at her, then finally nodded agreement. She could not afford to harbor ill feelings. Deirdre dashed off in delight. She would have the event of the season. Bemused, Myrrha finally rose to go. Dale was waiting, as he had said. He was smiling.
“The servants tell me they loved you and your music. And I heard one guest saying as he left that your music was astounding.”
Myrrha let herself relax. “Oh, Dale, they made me play everything I had practiced. And more. They wouldn’t let me go and I had to play one piece over again.”
“We told you they would love your music.”
“I know. And they did. They did,” she said gratefully.
There was only one thing missing, she thought wistfully, as she closed her eyes to sleep that night. Warm dark-brown eyes and raven hair. But then, she hadn’t really expected to see them. She had only hoped.



Chapter 21


The night of Deirdre’s ball, Malin and Rilse came early to the ship. Malin wore a black tailcoat and trousers, with a white shirt and paisley cravat, as befitted the brother of the young woman to be feted. The ship would dock, collect the guests, then move slowly, under power, to the middle of the bay for the evening’s festivities.
Malin, his face lean and brown and incongruous with his party clothes, found Aunt Aila’s premier chef, wrested away from Aunt Aila for the evening, already there and at work. Even better, he was willing to have a taster.
Present also were several of the town’s musicians, practicing in this corner or that. They had been hired for the evening’s entertainment. “However, the piece de resistance for the evening,” Deirdre had informed Malin, “is a young minstrel in a long velvet cloak with eyes as blue as midnight and a voice and harp that could recreate creation. Wait until you hear him,” she had said. “He makes the others sound staid and dull.” She and her friends had a new hero, it seemed.
“A velvet cloak? Isn’t that a little out of fashion?” Malin had asked.
“Not for this musician.” Deirdre colored a little, remembering her first thoughts about the minstrel’s clothes. “He makes his own fashion, and his own music.”
Tonight Malin and Rilse were unofficially on guard duty. It would not do to have problems with a ship brimming with the town’s gentry. Basil and Karis would come along later. The wilderness watchers were back, Rilse informed him, but deep in the woods and not moving. They were a long way from the harbor, and without boats they would have no access to the ship, and no way to disturb the evening’s festivities.
Malin busied himself checking through the ship, eyeing the crew members that would take the steamship further into the harbor, making sure he knew all the men. He lounged over the rail, playing the lord’s son in his elegant evening clothes, while Rilse sniffed out the holds and lower decks to make sure no one was hidden there. Malin’s keen eyes scanned the watch points and the shoreline that curved almost in a half circle between them. Lights in the towers signaled men on duty. Nothing seemed to move between them; no new ships were in the harbor.
At sunset, the guests started to arrive. By dark, everyone was aboard, including Karis and Basil. The ship moved slowly out into the harbor. Malin wandered casually through the guests, though he had been watching as each arrived. So far, he had discovered very few faces he did not know, and they were musicians. Rilse had found a quiet spot just below the main deck and was sleeping.
When Malin chided him, Rilse replied, I watch while you sleep, now you watch while I sleep. I will wake later to see these young people in a pack. They will not be pleased to see me, though.
Malin smiled. Rilse was right. The townspeople had never gotten used to Rilse, and he usually waited outside when Malin partied.
Malin continued through the guests, finally finding Deirdre and Melanin of the dusky eyes and the liquid tones. She seemed older than Deirdre, more simply dressed in a filmy gown of white with a fire opal pendant. Malin took his time over the courtesies, listening carefully while Deirdre explained to the others that Melanin had recently come to town to live with her aunt in one of the manors on the south town hill, not far from Roswood.
Malin tucked Melanin’s hand over his arm. “Will you walk with me? Up on deck moonlight is fairly spilling all over everything.” Melanin said nothing, just smiled at him. He continued, “Your aunt is?”
“Lady Thornton, of Thornton Manor. Just across and down from Roswood.”
“Ah. The one close to the woods, well set back on the property.” Melanin went with him for a tour of the deck, Malin careful to search the watch points and the harbor while he pointed out the town’s special features. But slowly he lost interest in watch points and found his eyes fastening on Melanin. When he finally returned her to Deirdre, it was with obvious reluctance.
Basil nodded as he passed him on the lower level and returned to the main deck, where Karis sat, a somber presence in a chair beside the railing. The black mage is close tonight, thought Malin, noting the signs of strain in Karis’ face, even with his medallion on. He reached down and touched the chain on his own neck, checked for the medallion. And according to Rilse, southerners were in the woods. The Watcher’s minions? Who knew for sure? He shook his head, clearing it from visions of Melanin. Tonight they could take no chances. Once more he walked the deck, scrutinizing the area, making sure all was well.
Then he smiled to himself, remembering his first few awkward forays with both dance and conversation until Basil had taken him in hand, and went to the ballroom below where he danced with every girl close to his age or below it, making the rounds, keeping watch. Now, the movement, the patter, had become like a coat he donned as needed, requiring little thought and effort. He eavesdropped at the punch bowl whenever he could, listening intently to conversations, carelessly sipping the brew. The food was delicious, he noted. Rostand, Aunt Aila’s chef, was indeed the best.
Midway through the evening, the dance musicians stood and left their places. It was then the turn of the brightest and best to entertain. Malin stood in the back, watching Godsel’s artists. Then, bored with the usual round of singers, he decided it was time to make another tour of the upper deck. Just as he started to turn away, he caught sight of a ruby cloak. Deirdre’s minstrel. Probably new in town, so he turned back to see. Karis, dressed more humbly as befitted the student Komran, came down from the upper deck to stand beside him.
At the minstrel’s appearance, the guests became quiet. Those who had not heard Rolan had heard of him. Malin studied him. Fine-featured for a young boy. No beard as yet. Slight of form and shorter than Karis. There was an intensity about the figure that piqued his interest.
Beside him, Karis spoke. “The new minstrel?”
“Looks so.”
“He hasn’t played yet?”
“No. Just about to.” He made room for Karis, noting the tightness in his cousin’s jaw.
The minstrel started to play and sing. The music wrapped around them, the harp and the voice one. They took the listeners out of time, to a place where laughter and music spiraled up through the magic of a night sky shot with the shifting colors of the borealis. They saw themselves there, in that place, saw their own beauty and strength and power, saw their borealis within and were not afraid. Around the hall, faces brightened, the young people stood straighter, masks dropped from their faces and honest emotions sped forward to the windows of the eyes.
Beside him, Karis sighed. Malin looked sideways at him. The lines around his mouth seemed easier.
Rilse?
Behind. He looked and Rilse was.
What’s happening?
Magic.
It was indeed, Malin thought, but at least it didn’t take him to Fainra. He had never heard such music. He relaxed, accepting the music, seeing the sky, feeling it within. Then the music changed, softened, and the sky was now only a reflection from the still water of a pool, the borealis moving softly on its surface, fading away into silence.
But not for long. Suddenly the music was a dance tune that could not be withstood. Feet shifted, bodies swayed. Karis too, Malin noted. Magic indeed. Malin considered another patrol of first the upper deck, then the lower, and turned to go.
You want to leave? Why? This is nice.
Malin laughed . Rilse was right.
Then once more the music changed, and he and Rilse were running through a forest, a swift stream flowing beside them. Sunlight was streaming down like dust, sifting through the leaves on branches high overhead. Small birds darted upward, scolding as their space was disturbed. It was a day for running. A sharp breeze was on his face, and cares dropped away as he ran, like blossoms falling behind. He felt the small forest animals, heard their quiet cries, their delight soft as shadows. Then he was the stream, and he knew he could run forever.
Beside him, Karis felt safe, the Watcher walled out. He floated in a space of peace, of infinite power. “Free,” he whispered, “free.”
Malin looked over the large room, felt the raptness of the audience, while under the music’s sway himself. Then it faded. The minstrel was still, bowed over his silver harp.
Slowly the crowd came back to itself. Somewhere, someone began the applause. Then others joined in until the room was noisy indeed. Freed from the music’s power, Malin headed up the stairs to the main deck, where a sudden stiff breeze acted like cold water upon his face. A quick look around assured him all was well.
In the room below, Deirdre promised the assembled company that they would hear from the minstrel again, later in the evening. Several groups found their way upstairs to gaze at the evening from the rails of the ship, to see the town lights in the harbor, the lights of the opposing watchpoints like beacons in the dark. Many of the guests scattered throughout the ship, delighted to explore the other elegant rooms and halls.
Karis found himself reluctant to leave the ballroom area. It was not every day that something blotted out the Watcher, unless he was at Tegyn. He found a chair in the back of the salon and rested there, watching the crowd around the minstrel thin and finally go its way. For a moment he was curious, wondering about the maker of such music. Suddenly he became aware that the minstrel was staring at him, dark eyes wide.
Then, just as suddenly, Rolan was very busy, gathering up the harp, replacing it in its leather wrappings. The face was no longer pale. Color suffused it, Karis noted, just before the minstrel turned his back. Then the minstrel disappeared. Karis sat thinking. Had he ever seen the minstrel before? Was it possible the minstrel had recognized him as the king’s son?
He pulled his fingers through his hair and felt compelled to be on the upper deck. His feet found the way, almost without his own volition. The Watcher was back. He had no more space to wonder about a minstrel.
Lord Lindsey and Basil left early. At the docks, Basil saw Lord Lindsey off to Oldsbury Hall, refusing his offer of a carriage to Tegyn. “It’s a lovely evening. I’ll walk a bit.” After, he turned back to the harbor, watching the ship. He smiled, remembering Malin’s fascination with Melanin, the excitement of the other young people. The ship had every outside lantern it possessed glowing, and the salon portholes were warm with light, and alive with music and laughter that drifted lightly across the quiet waters of the bay. The night was soft; clouds draped themselves across the face of the moon, and gentled the hard brightness of the stars.
Basil thought back to his days as a young man, to his first ball, his first fondness for a young woman, though she was nothing like Melanin. She was fair-haired and blue-eyed, and slightly taller. She had been his school master’s daughter.
The night was warm and lovely and Basil felt the pull of family. He decided to walk to Abelard’s, a short distance away to check on his cousin’s welfare. Besides, Abelard and his wife Verra were good company; their warm relationship included any who entered their home.
Karis watched as the crew lowered a small boat over the side and rowed to shore. Idly he wondered if he should return to Tegyn with Basil, out of the reach of the dark mage, but he seemed unable to act on the impulse. Malin, Rilse beside him, watched also from the deck, his glance on the waiting carriage at the dock. His father looked strained as well, Malin thought. If we only knew who was behind the forays from the south, the kidnappings. He had alerted his father to the watchers in the woods and knew he would take extra precautions ashore.
“Luckily the party is aboard ship,” he responded to Malin’s information.
“Right. At Roswood we would be more vulnerable.” He watched while the small boat rowed ashore. Then he felt someone beside him. Melanin had joined him in the moonlight at the rail, and he forgot everything else. Her perfume was almost palpable in the warm night and Malin found himself looking into dark eyes, disturbingly aware of the slim young woman close beside him. He found himself talking while she listened intently to each word, hardly breathing it seemed. Rilse was forgotten until he spoke.
You find her interesting.
Malin ignored Rilse, deciding he would not deign to reply.
Below, the music recommenced, the dancers trickling slowly back. Malin automatically found himself descending the stairs, talking with Melanin about the rows of ancestors on the walls of the small salon across from the dancing.
Melanin took a keen interest in all the pictures, and Malin found himself expounding on Godsel history, though he himself knew little except what he had just been learning with Basil. He found he had to read the plaques under each portrait to keep his patter going. When he finished, he walked Melanin slowly through the rest of the rooms below the main decks, losing track of time, feeling the pulse of the dance music, seeing the lovely eyes turned full upon him.
Leisurely, they finally retraced their steps to the main deck. It was a lovely night and the moon was full and low on the horizon. As they stood, leaning over the rail, Malin found his hand resting on hers. Melanin had magic, too, he thought. Different from the minstrel’s, yet magic all the same. And in the midst of that filmy white was one very slim waist.
Though it was the eyes, really, when you thought about it, he decided. Those dark brown eyes you could fall right into. And he was. Floating softly downward, deeper and deeper.
Ashore, Basil visited Abelard and his wife for an hour or so, then left for home. He paused again at the docks, gazing once more at the ship, glancing across the dark bay, smiling to himself. Then his smile froze. The ship had lifted anchor and was moving with the current out of the harbor and south. “Deirdre,” he whispered under his breath. “Up to her old tricks again.” Well, he had warned Malin. This, however, was far more serious than a simple prank.
He watched the ship, eyes narrowed, long enough to realize that she was not just drifting, but her course had been changed. She was moving south around the point, to where? He could see the shore in his mind’s eye, the little spit of land where a ship could run aground when the ride was out as it was now, where the water was so shallow that you could walk out to it. What or who lay there in wait for the flagship, while it came right to them?
Basil could hardly see the ship now. It had swung around the point so that it was obscured by the land, as the moon was by thickening clouds overhead. The night had changed from soft to threatening.
On board, Rilse came looking for Malin. He found him dreamy eyed, gazing at the water beside Melanin. When Rilse arrived, Melanin pressed suddenly close against his side. As if afraid of the wolf. Malin glanced at Rilse approvingly.
I’ve done something right.
Oh, yes.
“It’s just Rilse. He’s really quite civilized,” Malin said comfortingly, sliding an arm around Melanin’s waist.
There’s a guest lying in the wheel house. You should go see.
Right. He should go see. Sometime. Then suddenly Rilse’s words penetrated the romantic haze that enveloped him and he was aware once more. With almost no break in the conversation, they were climbing the few stairs upwards, then standing before the open wheelhouse door. Rilse was right. One of Deirdre’s young friends was lying there, unconscious.
Beside him, Malin heard Melanin’s sudden intake of breath. Malin looked closer. It was Lord Norton’s obnoxious son, Swanleigh, the one who had been so annoying about Malin’s late appearance on the social scene. Melanin followed him into the wheelhouse, one hand pressed against her mouth.
“Swanleigh. Is he hurt?”
Malin placed his fingers to the side of the young man’s neck. There was a strong pulse. For a moment, Malin wondered if the young man was faking unconsciousness. Quickly he searched for injuries, but could see only a large bruise forming on the left temple and sweat lingering in his hairline. What could have happened? Malin stepped out of the wheelhouse and called for help. Servants carried the young man below, and Malin noted regretfully, Melanin followed.
On the dock, Basil looked quickly around. The watch was not to be seen, and no one else either. The grooms, waiting for their young charges, had gone further down and past the docks into town itself for refreshment at the local inn. Basil looked down at his attire, then over at the unhitched carriages and the tethered horses waiting at the posts. There was no time for a carriage. He looked once more, regretfully, at his formal evening clothes, then loosed one of the horses, a sweet-faced mare, and mounted. He was not an accomplished rider, but if the horse were willing, he could get around. Tonight he lucked out; the horse was willing.
He left the shore, taking a more direct path south for the point, cutting through the town and the woods. He reached the spot he was aiming for, a bit of raised land south of the point and yet still north of the sandbar. The situation was worse than he had imagined; a group of southern riders had gathered before him on the shore’s edge, some of them wading through the shallow water to the sandbar, some of them already waiting on the sandbar itself.
They were armed. He could see the shape of the bows on their backs, the occasional flash of silver as bits of the moon pierced the cloud cover and found metal, swords, tips on arrows. So, attack, kidnapping, and who knew what else was planned? There was still no one about, no alarm given. Malin must be unaware.
He could just picture Malin, smiling down into Melanin’s eyes, paying no heed to the world around him. “Wake up, Malin,” he muttered to himself. And Rilse. Where was Rilse? He had no Melanin to distract him.
In the wheelhouse Malin listened, noting that the music of the dancing from the main salon swallowed up any sounds from the wheelhouse. No one seemed aware that anything was amiss.
Rilse?
Beside him, Rilse answered. No one else has been here.
Malin glanced carefully around the wheelhouse. Nothing had been removed, nothing taken. Then he saw it on the floor, a medallion. Quickly he checked his and found it in its place. Stooping, he caught up the medallion and placed it in his pocket. It must belong to Karis.
Rilse had been checking the wheelhouse stairs, then turned to the deck itself. Karis is under attack.
Malin looked out, then hurried down to see. Karis was slumped over the rail to the port side of the ship, his eyes burning with a strange intensity. He was still standing, but only just.
“Karis? What’s the matter?”
“Mmmm.” Karis tried to speak, but seemed unable.
“Karis? Deep breaths, Karis. Right into the wind.” He breathed. Malin gave a brief regretful thought to a young woman in white who had just left. Romance was being displaced by falling bodies. One of the servants brought a cup.
Karis was frozen, unable even to sip it. What was happening? The Watcher?
“Drink this.” Malin heard his own voice and he grimaced. That’s what was always said in those moments when someone’s life was on the verge of... He couldn’t finish. He didn’t know what Karis was on the verge of.
The medallion. Someone had removed it from Karis, leaving him helpless. He pulled the medallion and the broken chain from his pocket and put it in Karis’ pocket. Perhaps it could still help. It seemed to make little difference, however. It apparently could not reclaim him. The eyes looking at Malin were more aware, but the body seemed to have no more control. Perhaps because the mage already had him in his clutches.
Others were gathering. Someone handed Malin something to put around Karis. “Come and sit down over here.” They tried to move Karis, but he was as heavy and fixed as if he were part of the railing itself. He was shivering, barely able to remain on his feet, yet he stood there, leaning above the rail, looking at Malin.
“Desperately,” Malin thought.
They tried once more to shift Karis to a deck chair, but he fought them, clinging rigidly to the rail.
Rilse pushed his head against Karis’ dangling hand.
Magic. It keeps him here.
Magic? Like the minstrel?
Different.
Then things really went awry. A low growl came from Rilse and Malin glanced along his back and out over the water.
The ship had moved out of the bay, been swept up in the south current and was approaching the sandbar that caught at least one ship every season. She was in immediate danger of running aground. The wheel setting had to have been changed to do that; the anchor lifted, but who? Did Deirdre’s antics go that far?
But that was not the worst of it.
Men on the sandbar. Enemy watchers with bows, Rilse pointed out.
Bows? Guns were making an appearance in Westra. Only bows would indicate a culture a little slower to evolve. Southerners? Malin guessed.
Southerners, Rilse agreed. Waiting. For us.



Chapter 22


Malin stared at the approaching sandbar, then he sprang into action. Questions could be answered later, but the ship was almost within bow range. If it ran aground on the sandbar, it and all those on board, would be totally at the mercy of the men waiting. Here was something he understood and could do something about.
He raced for the wheel house. “Rouse the sailors. Get me the captain and crew. And find me some steam,” he shouted to the gathering guests. They scattered to do his bidding.
They ride horses. Rilse noted.
Horses. Something else Malin understood. Rilse. Stand right in the bow of the ship. Let the wind catch and carry your scent.
Rilse was happy to oblige.
Shrill cries came from several young women who, hearing the commotion, had come up on deck with their dancing partners. They clustered around the bow of the deck as they saw the sand bar. Their cries quickly became screams as they saw what was waiting there. Heaven help us if they become the target, Malin thought, but he was too busy to attend personally to that problem.
The wheel was responding to Malin, but slowly, and the gap between the ship and the sandbar was decreasing fast. The ship needed more power, now. Where was the captain and crew? How had they let such a thing happen?
Those on the boat could see the southern riders quite clearly now. They were rough fellows with beards and their cloaks wrapped tightly about them. They had ridden through the shallows to get to the sandbar and some had come to its far edge, wading out towards the ship.
What did they want? Certainly not the guests, Malin thought. Likely not the ship. Then his eyes fastened on Karis, still mage locked to the rail on the side nearest their mounted enemies. Even if the ship was able to turn sharply enough to escape being grounded on the bar, it would be close enough to be boarded. And Karis was their prey. The dark mage again, when they least expected trouble. They had counted on the ship providing safety for Deirdre’s ball.
Malin struggled with the wheel, shouting orders for the guests to descend to the main hall and barricade themselves in. Grimly he remembered there were almost no weapons aboard the ship, only ancient pieces on display. Then the crew was there, finally, helping the passengers to go below, restoring some order to the ship.
He felt someone’s hands on the wheel, and looked to see the captain beside him, a great bruise forming on the side of his face. Malin surrendered the wheel to him and ran to the bow of the boat, where Rilse stood. Several riders were off the sandbar and in the water, heading towards the ship. Something teased in the back of Malin’s mind, then caught his awareness. Horses. Ah, yes the horses.
He reached out and touched their minds. They were catching the vague scent of Rilse, but it was not enough to send them off in a panic. I can help, Malin thought. And in the circumstances it would only be right.
Run. Flee. Wolves. Many wolves. Filling the ship. Hungry. He amplified Rilse’s presence.
On the edge of the woods, above the sandbar, Basil still watched. He was wise enough to know that he was no match for twenty riders. He dismounted, looped his reins around the lower branches of a tree with some growth still beneath it for the horse to munch as it waited, and moved closer. Minutes later, from the screen of trees that fringed the shore, he watched the horses begin to battle their riders, refusing to go forward. Basil smiled. He sensed the handiwork of Malin and Rilse. Finally, he said to himself, hoping it was in time.
Basil worked his way farther south until he reached a thicket closer to the riders and set back from the shore. He settled himself down in the midst of the bushes, with a regretful glance at his coat and tails, and a commiserating pat to his sleeves. When he was finished, no one who had not seen him enter the spot could have found him, especially in the dark.
From the ship, Malin watched closely the groups of riders. Some were on the sandbar, some still on the beach, some almost to the ship itself. Wolves, fierce hungry wolves. Run away.
The horses began to battle their riders, tossing their heads, tearing the reins from their hands. Then their struggle became more intense. Several horses reared, unseating their riders. The rest struggled until they gained their heads, and the freedom to return to the beach and the waiting forest beyond.
But they were not safe yet, Malin noted. If the ship ran aground, the southern riders could dismount and still come after them; the water was very shallow at that spot. And even as that thought formed, he noticed several riders doing just that. With the ship helpless on the sandbar, they would have no obstacles.
For what seemed long moments the captain fought with the helm. Malin felt the building up of steam in the ship. Was it too late? Out of the bay the waves were stronger, as was the wind and the tide, and they were working against the sailors.
A very miserable Deirdre came to stand beside Malin.
“Is this one of your jokes?” Did you lift the anchor and change the wheel setting?”
“Only the anchor. I promise. Only the anchor. They said it would be so much nicer to be out a bit further from the land and it wouldn’t hurt anything.”
“They?”
“My friends.”
“Some friends. And the crew? What did you do with them?”
By now Deirdre was white faced, her lips trembling. The results of her ‘fun’ were staring her in the face and the consequences might be dire. “Just locked them below, so they wouldn’t keep us so close to shore.”
“So they wouldn’t keep us safe, you mean. Someone did more than that to the captain. Have you seen his face?”
“Yes. But that was never supposed to happen.”
They were close enough, and the moonlight strong enough, that Deirdre could see the enemy riders, armed with bow and sword waiting for the ship. Luckily they were still struggling to control their horses and no arrows had been loosed. She watched them, still as a statue beside her brother, while he worked with Rilse. She watched while the captain wrestled the boat, just shearing the far edge of the bar. The bow lifted, the ship held there, hesitating. Then there was a grating noise, a shudder, and the ship fell away into the clear.
Angry shouts from the shore indicated the riders had noted their prey was escaping, but the horses would not obey them. The animals fought their riders, refusing to close with the ship. The horses on the sandbar were determined to reach the shore, those in the water struggled first to reach the sandbar, then the shore.
Malin left Deirdre and raced back to the wheel house and the captain, who was livid with rage.
“Someone knocked me on the head and rolled me like so much ballast into a storage room.”
“Did you see who it was?”
“No. Someone came up behind me. I never saw them.”
“Are you all right here?”
At the captain’s nod, Malin left the ship to the captain and crew and cleared the stairs descending from the wheel house two at a time. What was happening to Karis?
From the shore, Basil could see clearly onto the deck, and watched it all. He watched the battle of the southern riders with their horses, and the close escape of the ship from the sandbar. He could see Karis hanging over the rail, rigid there, unresponsive to everyone, even the minstrel that came to stand beside him. Just waiting. To be collected by the riders for the mage?
On board, Malin found Karis still at the rail, the minstrel beside him. The commotion had caught Myrrha’s attention and brought her also on deck. She felt the black mage, the great darkness surrounding Karis. She had noted it earlier in the hall as she began to play. When she had finished playing, her eyes had lifted to meet Karis’ glance.
She was startled. Lon. However there was no recognition in his eyes. She couldn’t have expected him to remember her; he met hundreds of people and lived a busy life. But she felt as if she had a hard lump of ice right in her middle. She busied herself wrapping her harp, then fled with her sorrow away from the hall into a small room where she paced restlessly. At last she emerged, climbed a narrow stairway and went out upon the main deck.
She heard the dismayed cries of her fellow guests, saw the armed men on the sandbar. From the corner of her eye she had seen Rilse in the bow, the wind carrying his scent ashore. Fixed in the center of her gaze, however, was the king’s son, helpless and rigid, clinging desperately to the rail in spite of all attempts to move him.
Controlled by another power, came the thought, and she knew it was so.
Not sure what she could do, but wishing to help, she sped to the rail to stand beside him. Karis now stood alone; those assisting him had fled in terror. She moved closer to him, drawing power out of the tumult surrounding them, whirling it until she was protected within. She tried to widen the shield to include Karis. She had only done it once before, with her mother as they fled the Jandos. She was not sure it would work here.
But suddenly Karis felt the power that had bound him, that had forced his limbs to cross the deck to the rail and remain there, helpless, fall away. Like a cobweb brushed away, or a piece of clothing moved aside, it was gone. He dropped to the deck, free of the darkness and drained of all strength. The minstrel caught him by the shoulders and eased his fall, keeping hold to make sure he did not slide beneath the rails and into the water.
From shore, Basil watched Karis suddenly slump free and the minstrel reach out to catch him and lower him to the deck. The dark mage, he thought. He holds Karis. What part does the minstrel play?
Karis had been filled with despair, a despair that welled up in him and around him. The black mage had full control of him, whenever he chose. Karis had no power to resist. So far, he realized, the mage had only been playing with him.
Then that power was blocked, forced from him. He was himself again. Thankfully he felt a clean, clear force whirling about him, and sensed someone there, someone with enough power to expel the dark mage. He found himself looking directly into the minstrel’s face, as he slumped weakly to the floor. A sudden smile lit his eyes, his face. “Thank you,” he whispered.
Malin rushed up to Karis and the minstrel, only to fall back in surprise. There was a barrier between them, but even as he thought that, it was no longer there. Together, he and the minstrel helped Karis to a reclining chair beside the salon, directly under the windows where moments before, they had danced and laughed and feasted. Karis reached out and caught Rolan’s arm. “Thank you,” he whispered again.
Then Karis realized Malin was handing him a cup. The contents were bitter but seemed to restore his strength. And he was free. The black mage had failed. There was hope and light in his world.
Swanleigh had regained his senses, but could give no information about what had happened to him. The last thing he remembered, he said, was walking on deck.
The ship reached the bay and docked. Malin busied himself gathering information from the guests, while the crew readied the gangplank to let them go ashore. They were a very subdued group, he discovered, but no one shared any additional information about the evening’s events.
Deirdre had taken responsibility for the anchor, Swanleigh merely reported being knocked out. Three others had admitted locking away the crew, though no one confessed to striking the captain and removing him from the scene.
Malin surveyed the young people once more, noting the somewhat defiant tilt of Swanleigh’s head, a dark eyed Melanin who was comforting Deirdre. Her smile at him seemed a promise and he found warm fingers running up his neck at the thought. But no minstrel. He was not to be seen.
He glanced over the group more carefully, systematically, but he could see no sign of their guest musician. Karis was sitting motionless in his chair, exhausted after his encounter with the dark mage. Maybe, like Karis, the minstrel was somewhere recuperating.
Malin signaled the captain, and the gangplank was lowered. Minutes later the guests had gone ashore and dispersed quietly to their carriages or their horses. Not like their usual revelry after a party, he thought. Deirdre’s ball might not be counted a social success, but no one would ever forget it.
Make sure the guests are all gone, Rilse. We don’t need anyone left behind. Rilse left his side and disappeared below.
Malin gathered the crew, including the captain, listening to their accounts of what had happened. But he uncovered no further information. They had been locked away until he had sent for them, unaware of what was really happening and certainly unable to do anything about it. And none of them had seen who locked them away.
Rilse returned to Malin and Karis. No one remains except for the crew.
Malin was surprised. Not even the minstrel?
No.
“Karis, did you see the minstrel pass by?”
“No. I was looking for him, but I must have missed him.”
Unless he was invisible. Rilse’s suggestion startled Malin.
He can do that?
Maybe.
Really?
Rilse did not answer.
Malin reviewed the events in his mind. The minstrel had left the rail shortly after the mage was overcome, but where he went Malin could not say. He had been much too busy to keep track of the musician. Had he left earlier?
Malin went to work to assist the crew to make fast the ship, then he and Karis and Rilse went ashore. There was one last carriage and Malin snagged it. Karis was too weary to walk and Malin needed to get the details of the evening to his father as soon as possible. He turned to Rilse. Are you riding? We may have a lot more yet to do this night.
I will ride, and rest up.
Malin followed Karis into a waiting carriage, Rilse slipping in after. The horses danced about, smelling him, but soon settled down.
Karis sat tired but delighted. “We won, Malin. We won.”
Malin looked at his cousin, a cousin he had not seen before, with smile after smile breaking over the gloom that had been his face.
Rilse was quite pleased with himself and the evening’s adventures. One wolf for twenty riders.
He would be insufferable for the next few days, Malin thought, but he had given the alarm.
Malin also found himself delighted with the results of the night. He had been able to help wrestle the ship to safety and drive the southern riders back into the forest, with a little help from his friends. He grinned, remembering the frustration of the riders at being unable to control their horses. “You should have seen the riders’ faces. They were so close, yet so far. Their horses wouldn’t bring them any closer to the ship.”
“Riders?”
“Yes, from the south lands. Armed and waiting on the sandbar.”
“So you and Rilse scared them off.”
“Exactly.”
Karis laughed with him. “I can imagine. But how did it happen?”
“Partially Deirdre. She was responsible for the anchor,” he explained to Karis. “At least her friends were. She didn’t tell me which ones.”
“Deirdre? What was she thinking?”
“They had convinced her that it would be much more romantic to be further out from shore, so they lured the sailors into that small room, locked them there and lifted the anchor. However, she didn’t set up the riders on the sandbar nor change the ship’s course.”
“Riders on the sandbar,” Karis repeated, as understanding flooded his mind. “Oh, that’s what they were. I could see shapes moving past the ship.”
“Yes. Southland riders, waiting for the ship to run aground.” Malin looked at Karis.
“I was too busy fighting the mage to really notice my surroundings.”
“So why did he release you?”
“The mage? He didn’t. The minstrel shut him out.”
“He has that power?”
“Apparently. You say Deirdre did not change the ship’s course?”
“Right. She had no part in that. We found Swanleigh unconscious in the wheelhouse but he did not know how he got there and knew nothing about the course change.”
“Convenient.”
“Perhaps too convenient.”
“The Watcher. Could he have done it?”
Malin sighed, a long sigh that said I don’t like magic. “With the Watcher’s power it would be quite possible to take control of someone and lock the sailors in.” Malin spoke aloud, testing the possibilities.
Karis agreed. “The Watcher could have used almost anyone before he started on me.”
“But changing the ship’s course would require more precise actions than those of someone controlled by a dark mage,” Malin said thoughtfully. “Someone controlled is stiffer, uncoordinated, like you were, with control only of large movements, not small precise ones. Besides, they would have to be able to think about what they were doing. No. Someone on board would have had to change course, someone in league with the riders or the Watcher, or both.”
“The riders are connected to the Watcher?” Karis was curious.
“I think there’s no other explanation.” Their carriage pulled into the large courtyard flanked by Oldsbury Hall. “Will you wait here until my return? I won’t be long. I have to let my father know, then we’ll get you back to Tegyn.”
“I’ll wait. Rilse will keep me company.”
I’ll rest. We will soon have more to do.
You’re right on that score. Malin was grim. We’ve two score or more southern riders to usher out of Godsel. He closed the carriage door behind him and hastened into the Hall.
The door was opened for him before he reached it and he could see his father and Medric, his head of his guards, conferring within. News travels fast, he thought, especially bad news.
In a few minutes he had shared what he knew of the night’s events. “Rilse and I will track the intruders and make sure they have left Godsel and our wilderness.”
“Will you take some of my guards with you? You might run into a hornet’s nest on the way.”
“Rilse will warn me.”
His father nodded in agreement. He turned back to Medric. “Make sure the town is secure, and any manors close to the sandbar area. Call out the watch and keep the town on alert until morning.”
Medric bowed and departed, and Lord Lindsey walked Malin out to the carriage, waiting in the driveway.
“Will Karis go with you?”
“He shouldn’t. He’s exhausted after his encounter with the dark mage.”
“Will he be alone at Tegyn?”
“Basil will be there, too. He should be safe. Tegyn isn’t in the direct path of the riders, and I think they’ll be hustling on their way home. ”
Lord Lindsey laughed, as the coachman opened the carriage door and he poked his head through. “You’ve had adventures this night, Karis. Enough to last you for a while?”
“Definitely enough.”
Rilse leaped out of the carriage, yawning wide. The horses shied away from him.
Behave, Rilse. Stay away from the horses.
Rilse grinned, shook his head, flipped his tail and headed out for Tegyn, across country.
“Karis, Rilse and I have to make sure the enemy is rushing pell mell for home, with no lingering on our lands. I’ll ride Lanier home behind the carriage, and we’ll leave you there with Basil to get some rest.” He looked at Karis’ face, seeing the objections forming in his mind reflected there. “I didn’t have to wrestle with a dark mage. Nor did Rilse. We are fine.”
“All right,” Karis acquiesced.
Lord Lindsey waved them on.
But it was a different Karis that returned to Tegyn than had left it earlier in the evening.
Malin dismounted from Lanier, leaving the reins trailing. Lanier would stay close. He walked behind Karis to the door, actually struggling to keep up.
Karis grinned as he rapped on the door with the twisted head that was the knocker. “Wait till Basil hears our news.” When there was no answer, he pushed open the door and called inside
“Basil? Basil? The conquering heroes are here.”
They did not wait for Basil but rushed on into the kitchen.
“Basil?” Malin tried. “He must have gone to his cousin’s. You hungry?”
“I’ll say. I feel like I could eat everything in the house.” They foraged. Malin, watching Karis, thought the dark shadows around his eyes made him look slightly like a raccoon, and a tired racoon at that.
Malin gathered meat, bread, and fruit and placed it in a pouch along with a canteen of water. “Are you going to be all right here, alone?”
“Oh, sure. Basil should be here soon. Any watchers around?”
Rilse?
No.
Malin shook his head. “Rilse says no. Perhaps the dark wizard’s need for you is becoming more urgent. Perhaps his body is aging rapidly.”
He should try a wolf body. It would work better.
Malin explained to Karis, and he laughed. “Maybe I should try a wolf body.”
Then Malin and Rilse were out the door.
Long, tiring hours later, Malin and Rilse returned. They had followed the main party of riders well into southland territory. Malin was so weary, he had stopped at the stables at Oldsbury Hall and collected a groom to take Lanier back. He stumbled into the house, Rilse dragging behind him.
They found Karis stretched out in a chair in the library, sound asleep.
“Karis. Go to bed,” Malin shook him a little. “Did Basil return?”
Karis surfaced. “No. He didn’t come.”
“Well go to bed. We’ll find him tomorrow.”
“Did you finish scouting?”
“We also have a little more to do tomorrow. A small party left the main one, then rejoined them. We still need to check out where they went. But we’ve done all we can for now. Rilse can no longer smell nor can I see. Even Lanier refuses to do anything but walk.”
“Goodnight, Malin” Karis climbed the stairs to his room. He turned back to add, “It is a good night you know.”
“I know.”
Malin dragged himself to his room and opened the bedroom door. Rilse pushed between his legs and flopped on the floor close to the double doors that opened to the outside. He had long ago claimed that as his spot.
Rilse, Basil is not here. Has anyone else been here since we left?
No.
Any southerners near that we missed?
Rilse lifted his head and listened. No.
Anything we need to worry about?
Yes.
What?
Rilse placed his head on his paws. Sleep. A sound, half growl and half yawn was all Malin heard. They had routed the enemy. Rilse would sleep well.
But Malin wished they had some inkling of where Basil was. His absence made Malin uneasy.
In her own small room in town, Myrrha, too, thought over the night’s events. Her body ached as it always did, after her use of sound as a cloak. But her heart felt better. She had seen Lon again, and he seemed more like the Lon she knew.
But what was happening to him? What was that blackness she had felt around him? She was glad she had been able to dispel it, it felt unclean. But most of all, she wished Lon had remembered her.
Karis lay smiling, too happy to sleep, replaying the day’s events in his mind. “We can win, Lon. We can win,” he spoke aloud, exultantly. “We can best the Watcher. Tonight, with the minstrel’s help, he was shut out, told to go home, to mind his own business.”
“And he threw everything at us tonight. His minions, his spies on the ship, his own power. We withstood everything. He lost.” Then Karis’ face became serious. “We have real hope, at last,” he whispered,“Real hope. With the minstrel’s help,” he promised himself, “the watcher will watch me no more.”


I know you’ve just finished my book and your world is sad because it is over. But there is hope! There is another book coming about Rilse and Malin and Karis and Myrrha. To brighten your life, read Escape from Heath Halls. Included here are the first two chapters to keep you going.

If you want to be notified when Escape from Heath Halls is out and ready for reading, or if you want to know more about the author and her travels and adventures, go to bearers of light.com and sign up for her newsletter.



What you always wanted to know
about the author
(and, maybe, more)



Raised in southern Alberta, along with a myriad of Sillito siblings, Jolayne has loved reading and writing for forever, but especially since the fourth grade. As an invalid confined to bed for nine months, books became her world. The day began with them and ended with them. Daylight, lamplight, flashlight, all seemed created or devised for reading. When she was limited to one a day of the downstairs books, she discovered a shelf of upstairs books to supplement that source. One of the downstairs books was Gone With The Wind.
Writing came early, too: there was poetry with a sister in a west bedroom, a revision of “The Highwayman,” stories, school assignments, and when she couldn’t remember the assignment properly, a parable for a psychology class.
People have always been a large and important part of her life. She was the second oldest of fourteen children. Then she married and had six children of her own, and now has sixteen grandchildren. Extended family, good friends and many students over the years have filled her life with great people, an important asset for a writer.
Another facet of her life that she claims enriches her writing is a variety of environments. Home has been Southern Alberta, Edmonton, Utah, England, Arizona, and Washington State. In addition she has also traveled to Chile, Bolivia, Peru, the British Isles, the European Continent, and Mexico. She enjoys travel and experiencing different cultures and says that stories happen to people in a specific place, such as changing your path because a puma is sleeping on it.
She has a great love for the arts, both as a participant and an audience. She has participated in choirs, musicals, and plays (some of which she directed). Some of her favorites are Fiddler on the Roof, Brigadoon and Matchmaker.
She has played many roles, some formal, some informal. She has been and is a student, a teacher, a writer, a reader, a wife, a mother, a grandmother, a sister, a daughter, and an aunt. (She prefers not to cook or iron).
She currently lives with her husband in Utah.



Acknowledgments


To Cindy Sawyer - her early questions led the way

To Christl Cook, who led me through the morass of possibilities

To Jodi Call, for her tireless eagle eye

To Jay & JoEllen Coppersmith, for early encouragement before it was really a book.

To Kieran, Tanner, Dallin and Alyssa, my first enthusiastic young readers.

To Melissa and Celeste, and the rest of my family, for support for a project that never seemed to end (and hasn’t yet).

To Allen Crow, for amazing logos and the initial work on the cover design

To my husband, just because.



To discover the next adventure Karis drags Malin and Rilse into, or to see what predicaments Myrrha encounters, read the next book in the series, Escape From Heath Halls.

Escape From Heath Halls
Available Fall 2014

A middle of the night connection between Karis and his twin in Heath Halls sends him along with Malin and Rilse into a blizzard to rescue the royal family. They are in danger of not only being removed from their thrones, but from their very lives. And, once again, magic - dark magic -rears its ugly head.



Chapter 1


Malin and Rilse slept deeply after the events of the ball and their late night scouting into the south lands. But not long.
It seemed to Malin he had scarcely closed his eyes before Rilse arose to stand facing the bedroom door with a half voiced rumble in his throat. Malin lifted one eyelid, then the other and tried to see what was happening. But he was so weary that whatever was happening didn’t seem important and he closed them again.
The door was pushed suddenly inward, and Karis was standing there, taut as a stretched bow string. “Malin. Malin. Wake up.”
Malin meant to say, I’m working on it and will rise shortly, but only a mumble emerged.
“Malin. We need to go, to ride north.”
Karis had awakened feeling his twin’s presence. How could that be, he thought, since he had not been able to reach him earlier? His mother’s stone. That had to be it. Lon was using the power in it to reach him. He was flooded with Lon’s desperation. He caught words, but tired and exhausted as he was, it took a few moments for him to realize what was happening. He sat up in his bed, shaking off the deep sleep that had enfolded him, and really listened.
“Karis, we’re prisoners. Danger here. Come.”
Karis reached out to strengthen the mind touch with his twin, to gather more information. One by one, he touched threads in Lon’s mind. But they were so intertwined and bound together with intense emotion that he could not really piece the situation together. He caught a glimpse of a wasted king, his mother and sister behind locked doors, and Lon in the old passageways. Then the tie was broken.
Karis was stunned. His family in danger? How could enemies reach the king himself? What was going on in Heath Halls? Desperately he tried again, to re establish the connection with Lon. Again, nothing. Had he been dreaming? Then in a sudden surge, he connected with Lon once more.
“Karis, come!” he heard the words, not quite comprehending them. Then Lon was gone, his voice fading out on the last come.
But Karis knew Lon, his father and mother and younger sister were in immediate and serious danger. How and why could such a thing happen? In the very heart of Westra and in their home at Mythro?
Karis sat up in his room in the darkness, heart sick. He had to go, and immediately. There was no time to waste. However, he would need help and supplies to get there and rescue his family. He would need Malin. He sprang out of bed and flung open his door, took the stairs two at a time. Seconds later he was bursting into Malin’s room.
“Get up, Malin. We have to go north.”
A sleepy Malin thought about Karis’s words. North. That was fine with Malin. North was a great choice. However, morning seemed a better time to discuss such things. Although he usually woke quickly and with a clear head, Malin was not so quick this morning. It was the deep dark of early morning and their adventures of the night had taken their toll.
“Malin. Sit up.” Karis went around Rilse and snatched the pillow from his head and shook him. “North? Why? Have you heard from Basil?”
“No. From Lon.”
Malin stared glassy-eyed at Karis. “Your family? Are they with Basil?”
“No. Malin, wake up. They’re in Heath Halls.”
“Where is Basil?” The mind was a little slow to grasp the essentials of the conversation.Karis made a flying leap for the water pitcher on the dresser and tripped over Rilse, who was standing in the way. The loud thud finally woke Malin. He sat up.
Karis, too, sat up. “My family’s in danger. There’s something terribly wrong in Heath Halls.”
“Heath Halls? How do you know?”
“ Lon just reached me.”
“Lon? He’s in Heath Halls, isn’t he?”
“Yes, we need to go north and rescue my family.”
From those in his own halls? That doesn’t seem friendly.
Rilse was right, thought Malin. That didn’t seem friendly at all.
“Enemies threaten my father, my mother and sister.”
All the news was bad today, but at least it was a family thing. “And Lon?”
“Him too.”
“How do you know?” Malin asked again. I had to ask it, thought Malin. Magic. That was how Karis knew. It had to be sorcery, probably Fainra, the Spirit Walks.
Just kin bonds. Not real magic, Rilse teased him.
Why does everyone insist on an opinion in the middle of the night? And twin magic. That’s still magic, Malin told Rilse.
Touching another mind across the miles. Rilse noted. Like you and I do?
Malin was brought up short. Well, maybe. So Karis had connected, in the mysterious way that twins do, with Lon, and though the images were not from Fainra, they still came from someone’s mind far away.
“We need to leave. Now.” Karis’s voice was sharp and urgent.
“That’s a three-week journey. We have to gather provisions, clothing. Get horses ready. I’ll have to talk to my father, and find Basil. We’ll need troops to go with us. It doesn’t really sound like now is possible.”
Go on a fast ride north. Into the cold and the snow and the wild forests. Closer to other wolves. What are you waiting for? Rilse was ready.
Malin wondered vaguely if he missed other wolves, as he sank back into the covers. Rilse and Karis had obviously concocted some sort of game.
“Malin.” Karis’ voice was low and grim.
Looking at him, Malin suddenly realized he looked haggard. It was no joke. Malin struggled upright and swung his feet off of the bed.
Karis continued. “If it’s much later than now, it will be too late.”
Then what’s the point? Malin said sensibly, taking care only Rilse could hear.
“Malin,” Karis’ voice had grown hard, and he gripped Malin’s shoulder so tight it hurt. “Malin,” he persisted, shaking Malin roughly.
Much more of that and my mind would permanently detach from important connections, thought Malin. He stood up, knocking Karis’ hand from his shoulder. “A winter storm is on its way, between us and Heath Halls. And it’s still the middle of the night, or early morning. We have Basil to find and some more scouting to do.”
“Malin, I know.” Karis was desperate. “But now is all we’ve got.”
“We would make better time if we waited until daylight.”
We would be seen.
Malin turned to Rilse. Seen? By whom?
A few watchers are back, or maybe they never left.
In our wilderness?
Yes.
With horses?
No.
Malin turned and gazed out the window, crossing to stand before it, searching the dark gardens, the woods just beyond. He could see nothing, but Rilse had never been wrong.
“What is it?” Karis was actually standing still.
“Rilse says watchers are back. At the south edge of these woods.” Karis joined Malin, and they both peered out through the back garden into the darkness.
“We’ve no time for them, whatever they want. We must go.”
Who was Malin to tell Karis what he knew or didn’t? Malin shrugged and got down to the practicalities of such a journey. Even on horseback, as fast as they could go, they could not reach Heath Halls in less than two weeks. And it was winter between Mythro and Godsel.
They dressed hurriedly in warm pants and sweaters. Karis had come in a black, winter coat, which he put over top. Malin grabbed the thickest jacket he had, thrusting his arms in as fast as he could. He gathered food and warm clothing, distributing them evenly in two stout packs. The usual pack from the stables would not do.
Basil’s absence meandered through Malin’s head as he left a note on the kitchen table. He was more and more uneasy on Basil’s behalf, but what he merely worried about took second place to what they knew, even if magic had brought the knowledge. And Malin did not doubt that Karis knew what he was talking about.
Then they were on their way to the stables, blending into the shadows, making no noise.
“I should have left Lanier here, instead of sending him home.” Malin complained. They secured horses from a sleepy groom, Malin a little irritated that Lanier was too far away for him to mind reach. “Course he’s probably too tired for the trip we plan.” Like we are, he thought.
Speak for yourself, Rilse sent back.
Such an urgency was on Karis, he could not tolerate the thought of the delay it would take to meet with Lord Lindsey in person and arrange for help to follow. “He’ll take too long to wake up, and then he’ll try to dissuade us. He’ll request we wait, while he assembles a group of his guards and we’ll not only arrive too late, but give them warning. We might as well blow a trumpet and announce our presence.”
Malin was stubborn. “You don’t leave important information undelivered to the people who need it. There is no way we can rescue your family and return without being caught unless we have help from my father. He needs to know, and we need to know he knows.”
“It won’t matter if we don’t get there as fast as possible. Even if we leave now, we may still be too late.”
Malin hesitated. Karis was beyond reason, but if they waited to speak to Lord Lindsey, they would be delayed , no question. But should that short space of time matter so much? Would a few hours make the difference of life or death for his family? It seemed unreasonable, but what if it were true? In the end, Malin finally left a note for his father with the groom, grumbling a little as he did so, stressing its urgency.
“You must give this to my father as soon as it is morning.”
The groom promised, and he was known to Malin. They left Godsel by the north where no enemies watched, or so Rilse informed them. Two hours before dawn, they moved silently through the sleeping town, away from southern watchers. Help, Malin hoped, would soon follow.
At the gates, Malin was stunned to find they were guarded by two men, who moved aside with a respectful nod and let them pass. The gate had never been manned before the ball, not in all eighteen years of Malin’s life. Malin thought about leaving another message for his father with them, but he didn’t recognize the men and on a sudden impulse, he said nothing. Until they knew who the enemy contacts in Godsel were, important information should be kept from public knowledge.
On the edge of town, they turned east, riding until they reached the forest road, then turning north. The forest trail was shorter and faster than the coast road and would provide them with cover and secrecy as well.
We’re heading into snow. Rilse was elated.
I know. Malin grumbled. We should wait.
But Karis was determined. Blizzard or no blizzard, he was set on going and right now. Malin had never seen Karis so unreasonable. He had determined immediate action was vital, and nothing or no one could dissuade him.
But the loose ends worried Malin. They had not found Basil, they had not discovered where the small party had gone, and a few south landers were back in the neighborhood. Perhaps they were afoot, their horses having tossed them off. At any rate, he was unsettled. However his uncertainties paled beside his cousin’s seemingly sure knowledge of immediate and deadly danger to his family.
Besides, Karis would not survive such a journey without him and Rilse, and if Malin refused, Karis would still go. Karis was grimly focused, Rilse was excited, and Malin semi willing. At least they would be out in the forest, riding.
Off they went to Heath Halls, into the teeth of a bitter storm and without adequate preparation. Malin hoped he could shape their journey so they would still be alive and able to help Karis’ family when they finally arrived.



Chapter 2


Weeks earlier at Heath Halls, Lon’s father, King Arnon of Westra, had just received a rather strange message. It was from Turgor, the war lord invading Esfalia’s territories. He invited Westra and her representatives to a council in Esfalia, just north of Westra, in three weeks time.
King Arnon and Lon were alone at breakfast. It was a winter day, and though the room was cosy and a warm fire danced in the fireplace, beyond their table windows overlooked the Mythro river valley, now bleak and snow-filled under gray skies.
Lon’s eyes studied the message his father had just passed to him, as he pondered what it meant. Such a request had not come before.
“What do you make of it?” The king asked, looked at his son, the spitting image of Karis. The only way he could tell them apart, he thought, was from the expression on their faces. Karis was always solemn and serious. Lon was usually smiling. And neither looked like his son. The queen’s dark hair and fine features had come through rather than his blond, bigger boned look.
“I don’t know. We’ve never had such a request from Turgor before. And why does he insist that all the allied leaders be assembled before he shares his proposal? And why at Ithyll?”
“And why so little notice? Three weeks from now in Ithyll. That’s barely enough time to get there, let alone make arrangements for the running of my kingdom.”
“And in the winter? When travel is more laborious and often delayed?”
“Right.”
“Is it even possible?”
“Barely.’
“All of us?”
“Yes, all of the allies, even the subjugated countries.”
“Who brought the message?”
“The message came from Anor, though the council is taking place in Esfalia.”
“How long a journey is it?”
“Let’s see. I haven’t been there in a long time.”
Lon laughed. “I’ve never been there, so I can’t help.”
“It’s a delightful city, is Ithyl, nestled on the sea itself. If I remember right, it’s a journey of two weeks afoot, and on horseback a little less than that. This time of year it can take longer, if the snows are deep in the mountains and the passes blocked.”
“Will Ithyl have snow?”
“No, not likely. It hardly ever snows there. The seas keep its temperatures more moderate.”
“But this time of year we can’t travel by sea.” Lon guessed. He was by nature thoughtful and intuitive.
“Exactly. And by sea is our usual mode of travel. So why this time of year? What advantage is it to Turgor that the leaders from every country of his enemies will be together, and now? Is he planning a military strike while our attention is elsewhere?”
“I don’t know, but it sounds strange to me too. Do we have enemies in Esfalia?”
“Not unless they’ve been planted. Ithyl is our closest ally. We’ve been personal friends with the ruling house for long years. It that were not so, I might not go.”
“Agreed. Travel in winter is always a problem especially with a whole retinue.”
“Exactly. We’ll have to travel light, and with just a small company. More would probably stir up avalanches to block the way and no one would get through.” The king sighed. And it will take at least a week to prepare affairs here before we can leave. But I guess we should go. Will you come with me, Lon? I’d like you to meet our friends there, and your insights into people could be helpful. But the whole thing feels strange.”
So it was decided. Mithrond, the king’s chief and long trusted advisor was to take over the affairs of the kingdom, with the help of Queen Gwynne, while the king and Lon journeyed north. A small company of the king’s men would go with them and it was expected the journey would take three weeks each way, plus whatever time the council took plus visiting time with the royal family.
“We’ll be gone close to a month and a half, Mithrond, before we finally return.” The King’s blue eyes seemed troubled, not wanting to impose on the genial as well as competent and sturdy statesman before him, in the blue and silver livery of Westra.
Mithrond wasn’t as tall as KingArnon, but he had a sureness about him that was reassuring to everyone he worked with. He was well experienced in the affairs of state. Besides, he was an honorable man, well known for his integrity, and the length of his service was reflected in the silver at the temples of his hair.
“We’ll be fine, Sire. It’s winter and less happens this time of year than any other season. There will be nothing we can’t handle until your return.”
“I”m sure you and Queen Gwynne will be fine. It’s just that this is such a strange request, and for this time of year too. Be careful, Mithrond, be careful. Keep your eyes peeled for any unusual happenings.”
“I will. And you too, Sire. There may be real danger in your journey and the circumstances surrounding it. What if an attempt is made on the lives of the royal houses attending, while you are all gathered together?”
“We’ll be careful. Besides, King Morland is a wise man. He will have taken great care. But you be wary, too, Mithrond. And may you have an uneventful time until our return.”
“Likewise, Sire. May you return with no unexpected events to mar your journey.”
Two days later, with a small company of his guard and a few retainers, the king and his son were on the road east to the inn Myrrha had known. Just past the inn they turned north, taking the central inland road towards Esfalia.
The snows were deeper than usual for this time of year and progress was slow. Day stops were chilly and with no shelter except the thick fir trees close around them, which kept off snow and held back the wind. Brush was plentiful for fire, when there was time. Food was simple, the king and his son eating the same rations as their men, with a hot drink to warm them now and then.
At night, they huddled together around a fire, and slept in three small tents which they had brought. Lon watched his father, and though the king never complained, Lon knew his father felt the cold more strongly than he did. He would catch him rubbing his shoulder or cradling an elbow that had been broken in a fall from a horse. They could only make slow progress, but the king had planned carefully and they would arrive in Ithyl on time or a little early.
Day followed day. On some they rode under a light snow fall, on a few they were holed up close to a cliff, huddling together for warmth in the three tents, while the full force of a blizzard raged against them. Sometimes the trail was open and blown clear by winter winds, sometimes the horses were knee deep in snow. They moved silently and carefully through the mountain passes, fearful of possible avalanches, for the snow hung thick on the peaks. They moved as quietly as possible, the men not even speaking, but disaster found them anyway.
One of the pack animals brushed too close to the mountain side, scraping her withers beyond the saddle. She whinnied in pain, then plunged away. But she had misjudged the distance. Her right hoof left the trail and she half fell, snorting and whinnying in fear and pain. She was quickly hauled back up on the trail, and the party stood motionless and silent, hardly daring to breath.
But that was all it took. There was a rumble, a pause. “Hug the inner cliff wall,” Rast called out. Then they were lost in noise and falling snow and rocks. For long moments they fought to keep their places on the trail.
Lon felt himself lost in wave after wave of wet, heavy snow, full of grinding rock. Beneath him his horse screamed in terror, and it was all he could do to keep her near the rock wall. Briefly he hoped the rest were all right, but it took his full strength to remain there, fighting the elements that tried to scrape him away and hurl him down the mountainside they had just climbed.
Finally the deluge stopped, the snowfall ceased. It seemed that all the rocks in the world had thundered past them down the mountainside. Lon found he could see once more, though a pile of deep snow surrounded him. Ahead he could see Rast and his father. It would take them a while to dig out, he thought.
Then he turned and looked behind him. He could see several figures below him, but the snow and rock fall was deeper the further back down the mountainside it went. The whole look of the trail had changed and Lon knew some of their party were buried.
Rast knew too. “Make sure you and your horse can breathe,” he called. “Then try to dig out. Make sure the debris goes over the cliff side, because we still have to make it to the top and back when we return.” Then Rast was crawling on his forearms and his shins, trying to stay on the surface of the fall, crawling past the King, then Lon, trying to reach those below. Several of his men, who had been at the front, followed him, trying to keep on the surface of the snow, so that they would not be buried in its depths.
Lon understood. If their party was not uncovered soon, those buried would smother, if they had not already been crushed by rock and the weight of the snow itself.
Lon looked down at himself, at his horse. Near the rock wall, the snow was inches deep. But on the cliff side, it was feet high and thick. The men were wedged against the wall by snow and rock. His own horse could not lift his right hooves, both front and back. But his head was well out and he could breath.
Luckily for Rast and the few near him, thought Lon, the avalanche had thundered over their heads and down the mountainside. They were free to move and help the others below. Lon tried to count their numbers in his head, trying to figure out how many men were buried in the snow, how many pack animals had vanished.
The avalanche had been uneven, so further down he could see a man or two, a pack animal or two. Certainly the calamity was not engineered by their enemies, but who knew whether those enemies had not counted on such accidents to lessen their numbers? Perhaps even remove their heads of state? Travel in the mountains was always dangerous in the winter.
Then Lon went to work. Following Rast’s instructions he dug out around his horse, pushing the snow off the trail, which luckily or unluckily was quite narrow at his spot. He did not have as much snow to clear, but the force required almost plunged him over the cliff after it.
Then he moved up to help his father. The trail there was wider, however both the king and his horse were deeply embedded. But his father waved him away. “We can breathe. Go help those below.”
Lon hesitated, then he realized his father was right. From there, he crawled away, past his horse who had the good sense to remain still, on down the trail, following Rast’s weird tracks. Then Lon lost track of time and thought. He started digging like those nearest him with whatever he found to hand, breathing in relief when he uncovered a face or a horse’s nostrils.
They spent long and frantic hours to find and uncover all the men. But, by the time they found the last one, he was dead, smothered in the white killer that the snow had become. Lon and Rast returned to finish digging out the King and his horse. Finally, they had done all they could, and the exhausted party took stock. One pack animal had been killed by a boulder that had crushed its head. The animal itself was finally uncovered and the supplies transferred to the other horses.
Silently they wound up to the peak and over the other side. They walked down and through the pass until they reached a spot where the mountainside overhung a wide stretch of ground.
Rast looked back. His men were exhausted and disheartened. The death of one of their number was a hard blow. “We stop here.”
Camp was set up, a fire made, food prepared. The body of their comrade was wrapped in a blanket and buried in the snow. Large rocks were piled on top, but in the current weather conditions that was the best they could do.
“We have to return this way, “ Rast told them. “It will be different weather then. We can bury him more properly on our way back.”
It was a sober group that gathered to eat, and a sober group that entered the tents that night to sleep. The weather had joined forces with the enemy, Lon thought. Somehow it seemed unfair.
The next two days they threaded up and over high peaks, with snow hanging above them, needing but little to send it plunging down upon them. Finally they were through and they all breathed a sigh of relief and regret for the man who didn’t make it.
Mile followed mile, day followed day, and finally they drew close to Ithyl. But nothing other than winter conditions interfered with their travel - no human element intruded. It doesn’t have to, Lon thought. The weather had been enough.
“Not too far now,” King Arnon told Lon, as they stopped about a fire for the night. “It will be good to be warm and comfortable and eat something else for a change.” He looked at the dried meat and bread he was holding, the bread cold and perhaps partially frozen. “At least the broth is tasty and hot.”
Lon tried to lighten the moment. “Onsgood would be appalled at our meals. He would never forgive our lack of propriety.” Onsgood was the chef at Heath Halls.
“Well, I won’t tell if you won’t.”
“Agreed.” They smiled together. Lon had wondered if they would, any of them, smile again before they reached Ithyl.
“It still seems strange,” Lon mused, “this winter meeting of the heads of state.”
“Agreed. We will not accept his demands for our surrender, nor will he cease his aggression against us. He wants more power and more land and resources. I see no good coming out of it for us or him.”
“I know,” Lon agreed.
“So why does he want us all together? What does he hope to gain from us together that he could not do one by one?” King Arnon continued. “However, if such a meeting could even remotely aid in the ending of the war and bring peace to our lands even a few weeks earlier it is well worth the trip. Besides, I haven’t seen Ithyl’s king and queen nor Anor’s regent and boy king in a decade, not since the old king passed away. We used to spend more time together, when the world was a happier place. Maybe, some good will come of this trip after all.”
Morning found them once more on their journey, the trail thick with deep snow. By late afternoon they crossed a windswept ridge where they made good time for an hour or so before they once more encountered deep snow. They plodded on and through it, moving very slowly. Somehow being so much closer to their journey’s end made the day seem even longer. They were all ready to have real shelter from the weather, good food, comfort, and good companionship.
By dusk they crested the summit of the last pass and wound slowly through it. The snow seemed even deeper there and both horses and men were worn and tired. The were all tense with the possibility once more of an avalanche.
Then the trail curved, and below them they could see a few faint lights in the far valley, just beginning to come into view. Finally, thought Lon, finally we’re near the end.
The king maneuvered his horse to bring him alongside of Lon. “Those lights are Ithyl. As we round this mountain we reach a wide valley and the rest of the city will be visible. We’re almost there.”
Lon felt relief wash over him.“None too soon, say I. We’re right glad to see those lights.” He glanced at the men behind and in front of them. “I’m sure the rest of the men would agree.” Whatever perils they still had to face, this portion of the journey was almost behind them.
A few minutes later, the sun sank into the west, but its last rays lit up the snow above the jagged shoulder of Glamis Mountain. The moon was already visible in the sky, and promised to be full and bright. The trail they were on hugged the mountainside to the right, while the left fell away into a crevice between Glamis and the smaller peak beside it. The moonlight glancing off the snow gave enough light for the riders and their horses to make out the path, though it was narrow and thick with fir trees.
“Shouldn’t we stop soon?” Lon asked his father. “Both men and horses are tired.”
The king sighed. “I know. I just hate to stop so close to our goal. At any rate, we can’t stop here. The trail is too narrow and steep. We at least have to find a spot where the trail widens or perhaps even descend to the beginning of the valley below. Another fir-lined mile or two and we should be in the valley itself. Hope the light holds until that happens.”
“Me, too. A trail this steep and narrow is dangerous travel after sundown.”
Lon was more right than he knew.
Ahead their lead guard rounded a sharp curve that also plunged downward for a few feet as it disappeared from sight. Somewhere an owl hooted softly. Seated on his grey, Lon could make out the figure of his father a few yards ahead of him.
His mind went back to his last trip with Karis and Rast, though it had been closer to home. Karis would have liked to travel to Ithyl, to see another court and to perhaps escape the watcher. He and Karis had been together for all of their lives until recently, when Karis had gone south to Godsel. They had done everything together, shared everything.
They had heard from Karis just after he had reached Godsel. The watcher was gone, he said, but they had heard nothing since. Lon hoped the watcher was indeed gone and that Karis would truly be able to live.
Lost in his reverie he vaguely saw the king was rounding the same curve his men had, threading the path carefully. They slowed their horses, riding single file. Lon never did see what happened; the light was too dim and the trail itself dropped below his range of vision. But he heard a sharp whir. Ahead of him, the king cried out and slumped in the saddle.
Lon crowded forward until he was close behind the king. A feathered shaft visibly protruded from the king’s upper chest through the thick wool of the winter uniform he wore under his winter cloak. Across the ravine from them, on the side of the smaller peak, Lon heard the snapping of branches and the thud of horses’ hooves as their assailants fled.
Two of the king’s men followed in pursuit. They didn’t have much hope of success, Lon thought. They were separated by a chasm, and on a mountainside they didn’t know. Long before they reached the other side, the sound of horses had completely faded.
Was this the why of the council? His father, struck down before they even arrived? Were ambushes arranged for all the others as well?
It was too steep and narrow to stop, and no way they could really reach the king to assist him. Lon held his breath at the thought that his father might fall from his horse. If he did, he would almost certainly fall down the side of the cliff, to greater injury and perhaps death. That is, if he still lived.
But the king kept his seat in his saddle. However, they had to let the horses continue for many long minutes before they could finally dismount and run to aid him.
Lon was first, Rast was close behind him. “Father?”
But there was no answer. The king was slumped forward, his head to the right side, resting beside the arrow on his chest. His eyes were closed and blood seeped through his clothing until it looked black in the moonlight.
The whole night now felt that way, too, thought Lon. Black. Unending black.


Escape from Heath Halls will be out shortly.


Bearersoflight.com
