Freedom Dawn Press



This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and events are the product of the authors imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 

The Fall Collection: Back to School

Published by Freedom Dawn Press at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Frye Martin

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


The Fall Collection: Back to School

by Frye Martin

Freedom Dawn Press
Other Titles by Frye Martin
Bonfire of the Vanities: Strike
Rhona’s Phoenix
We Are the Future
Cold Dark

We’d love your feedback.
Complete a survey here to receive a special offer.

Learn more about Frye Martin
Watch book trailers
Take a PEEK!
Contents
About the Fall Collection
They Hide Behind Things We Know
The Frenemy Trials
Time Twins: The Universes

Bonfire of the Vanities Excerpt
Rhona's Phoenix Excerpt
We Are the Future Excerpt
The Winter Collection: Snow Injections Excerpt
Coming Titles
Meet the Author
Contact the Author


About the Fall Collection
“We still endure the summer’s heat,
anticipating Autumn’s cool,
transitioning to structured smart
from aimless, shameless lazy fool,
dreading tests, essays and grades
and work enough to make one drool—
new clothes, new shoes, new friends to meet,
oh, yes, it’s time for back to school.”
Anonymous


Back to School is the first of a seasonal collection of short stories. Fall is a time of beginnings and endings, as several characters experience in each of the stories in this collection.

Natalie barely survives a horrible accident and now she sees strange creatures. She's not just crazy, she thinks. She's CRAZY but was any of it accidental?

Three girls try to defy reality by changing theirs. They participate in an experiment that might bring them love, wealth and popularity. Might.

Valerie is having the time of her life. Everything she ever dreamed is happening right before her eyes, thanks to two gorgeous twins who aren't exactly ordinary.

This is back to school, but not like you've ever known it.


They Hide Behind Things We Know
My name is Natalie. When my family says it, the A is long: nay-talie. To everyone else in the world, the A is short: gnat-alie. I feel like I have two personas but I don't know which one is which.
Six months ago, I got sick. I ate something bad and just barely cheated death--that's what the doctor said. Those aren't my words. There was no barely about it. I fought hard to live because I want to live. I don't tell anyone that because they'll want to know how I fought to live. I can't really say accept that I know it felt like I was either going to stay above the water or below it and it was definitely a fight every single day. I am still fighting, especially since I went through all that just to be where I am now.
I am crazy. Seriously. I am stark-raving. I am certifiable. But maybe I am not so crazy because I try to keep it under control. Does a stark-raving, certifiable person do that? Don't know. Never met one.
I spent over a month in the hospital and I will do whatever I have to not to go back into one. The last place on earth I want to be is a mental hospital. If I go there, there will be nothing for me to do except think about how looney I am. It is almost time for school to start and everyone thinks I am ready to go back--most of all me--so there is too much at stake. I have to hold it together because I think if I can go back to friends, cheerleading and all the classes I hate, I can become normal again.
Six months ago, I went on a trip with some friends. It was a short trip to the hills about an hour away. Aubrey's posh mom had arranged a foraging trip for the upper-crust families and Aubrey invited us, most of the cheerleading squad and some of the guys. The entire thing was lead by Mason Montford, the local celebrity chef. Aubrey told us that his restaurant, Mm, was failing but her mother was determined to keep that from happening. The foraging trip was basically a fund-raiser so by the time we were out in the woods with our buckets, Mason Montford was busy socializing and only occasionally warned against picking this or touching that. He had spent his entire childhood picking mushrooms in those areas, he'd said. That's what he'd said.
Honestly, I didn't pick a thing. I wasn't interested in mushrooms and I didn't like the woods. Aubrey had basically guilt-tripped the squad into going on the trip and I was the main one because people like me don't do "woods." Aubrey had just been named captain and I have been co-captain for two years. Even though the co-captain position is more like vice president--read: slightly less time commitment--I had everyone's respect but Aubrey had yet to earn it as captain. She actually told me that if I didn't come, none of the girls would respect her at all. Guilt-trip. But I agreed with her so I went along in a pair of borrowed Wellies and a hooded raincoat looking like a horror movie murderer.
At the very first opportunity, I found a good place, a spot without much tree cover, imagining the spiders and ants that might drop down on me from overhead, without many leaves on the ground, imagining scorpions and snakes, where my bucket could sit without sinking too far into the dirt. Then, I flipped my bucket over, plopped down on it and whipped out my phone. I already had a cover story. If anyone came by, I had planned to tell them that I just needed to respond to an important text.
This worked very well. No one came into my hiding place, although almost everyone on the trip walked past it. I made a note to myself that hiding in the woods is a terrific way to pick up gossip. It turned out that Aubrey had not invited her boyfriend, Lambert, but he'd showed up anyway. Things had obviously been shaky between them from day one. Aubrey was so superficial that she didn't mind telling anyone except Lambert that his name was not "masculine enough." Egypt, one of the flyers, had gotten a shamefully low score on her PSATs and her parents had told her she could forget about college. Lots of people were whispering about cheating as well, on people, on tests. In fact, I was pretty sure that Aubrey's mom had something going on with Mason Montford.
A few hours came and went and finally, a chain of ring-tones awakened the mostly quietly woods. Aubrey's mom had texted everyone that we should gather together with our "treasures" in the clearing. I stood up, dusted off my backside, threw some clumps of something in my bucket and joined up with the others. I had about as much as anyone else by the looks of it. Luckily, Tino, one of the football players, looked in my bucket and asked what kind of mushrooms they were. I looked in his bucket, which was empty. We looked at each other and snickered. I dumped my bucket, saying I didn't want to cause anyone to get sick. Some of the girls murmured about how they would never have eaten anything I picked. I just laughed. I saw Aubrey watching me with a smirk on her face.
The lame portion of the trip was over. The better part came later. The entire group headed back to Aubrey's house where Chef Mason would cook everything that was edible. He advised that Aubrey's mom and a few others had already been trained and they would help him to separate the "grub from the rubbish." I thought to myself that as long as I could recognize the mushrooms in my plate, I would avoid eating them. The girls said they wouldn't eat anything I had picked. I didn't tell anyone that I had no intention of eating anything any of them had picked. My mom had warned me about what she called psychedelic tripisodes on wild mushrooms. She reminded me that I wasn't looking for a wonderland and for the first time in forever, we were in complete agreement. Her comments might have persuaded me to do whatever she was warning me against in any situation but this one.
Aubrey's house was huge and could fit twice the number of people in the group. The high school kids all gave in to Aubrey's demands that they take lots of photos. She wanted to get an article about the event into the school newspaper. I knew this was all a part of her mother's plan. While the adults gushed in the kitchen over the clumps of dirt they had pulled up, we all posed for photos. Apparently, Aubrey had also twisted her brother's arm and he was the lucky paparazzo. Kevin was home for the weekend from military school and had gotten out of foraging but not photographing. I felt for him but the way that things were with Aubrey and her family, it was like every man for himself.
Chef Mason prepared everything very quickly. It turned out that Aubrey's mom had also brought in a camera crew to get footage of the whole thing. At that point, I wanted to scream. I had never known anyone as fake as Aubrey and her mom but as my mom always says, "It takes all kinds to keep the world afloat." That's if we are floating at all, I always think in response.
We sat down at a table that seated all us, thirty or more people, and everything was gorgeous. A few men and women in all black, except on their collars where "Mm" popped out in orange, served us beautiful plates of food. Mine was not the only flash that went off as I photographed my dinner. Chef Mason described what he had prepared before any of us could eat: roasted pork loin and risotto with apples, mushrooms and shallots. It wasn't the best meal I had ever had. My mother, aunties and especially my grandmother had him beat by a mile but it was very good. To be safe, I carefully worked whatever looked like apples, mushrooms or shallots under a layer of risotto. If anyone asked, I was watching my weight. That excuse was always a safe one. The meat was tender and bursting with flavor. It was more than enough to satisfy me.
Things happened fast after that. I don't remember it all but I remember feeling very sick very fast. Next thing, I was in a hospital. Every time either my mom, aunties or grandmother came to visit, I just wanted to tell them how much I wished I had eaten their food instead. I actually did try to tell mom that I had not been looking for a wonderland. I wanted her to know that but I don't know if she ever understood. Somehow, with all the precautions I had taken, some of those yucky, wild mushrooms had made it inside me. Whatever it was I had eaten was rubbish, total rubbish and not even the psychedelic kind. That was when I learned that the wrong mushrooms can kill. Mason Montford had said that throughout that day in the woods but I didn't learn until it happened to me.
Out of more than thirty people, I was the only one to get sick. How's that for odds? How's that for impossible? I haven't seen Aubrey or her mom since then. They came to the hospital in the beginning when I was out of it. I don't remember that. My mom thinks that they wanted to keep everything quiet in order to protect Mason Montford's reputation. After all, he was supposed to be some kind of mushroom expert and yet he nearly killed a high school cheerleader. Mom is right, of course, but I don't blame Chef Mason because I can't believe he could have cooked the mushrooms I ate. If he had, how could I be the only one to get sick? I think about this sometimes but I don't talk about it. Aubrey has called or texted a few times and we talk. As usual, it is all fake.
That's how I got sick and nearly died. Recovering has been long and hard. The doctors said it wasn't likely I could have known what was going on and gotten treatment any sooner but if it had been any later, I would be in the ground like the bucket I had sat on that day, only deeper. I have some lasting issues but I have almost completely recovered. I say almost even though my doctors say I have recovered completely. There is this one thing that is bothering me. It is making me crazy. I see things.
I don't see ghosts. I don't see fairies or goblins. I don't see halos or devil horns hovering over heads. I don't see Jesus' mother, Mary, not even in the darker parts of the flatbread my mother makes. I don't see famous people sitting in my bedroom, although that might be nice. I don't see the textbook stuff. I see dinosaurs and what one website called winged serpents--dragons. That may sound textbook but it isn't. There isn't a pink dragon standing in the corner of my bedroom every time I walk into it or a gigantic dinosaur that lives in the backyard. They don't just appear in my view. I only see them when I see a particular animal, a real, completely normal animal.
The first time it happened was when I was still in the hospital. My mother and father were there with me not doing much of anything. The television was playing. It was Saturday morning and the show that we mostly ignored was one about discovering animals. How strange it was when I glanced at the screen and saw a dragon. I only knew it was a dragon by the random bursts of fire that came out of its mouth. Naturally, I laughed. What a ridiculous show, I thought. My parents looked at me and looked at the screen but they did not see the humor. My father asked what was funny. I told him a dragon sitting by the side of a road was funny. I really thought that would make a great movie. They immediately looked concerned. They told me there was no dragon, only an armadillo. I didn't see an armadillo. I saw a dragon but not the kind from the movies.
As for the dinosaurs, that was even more weird. Giraffes, deer, horses--they all appeared to me as dinosaurs with long necks. I have yet to see a T-Rex and I hope I don't. I have already decided that will be the final straw and I will have no choice but to tell my family the truth. As long as the dinosaurs are herbivores, I will keep things mum. Luckily, sightings of these animals are far from common. I just have to be careful about what I see on television, online or in books. I can't say how nerve-wracking it is to suddenly see a fire-breathing dragon or a slimy-skinned dinosaur. Yeah, their skin is slimy-looking. After so many months, I am getting used to it but I still forget. I still expect things to go back to normal.
Last week, I went with my mother to an Indian reservation. She is an attorney and she does a lot of work with the tribe even though she isn't Indian herself. I have gone with her to different meetings before but I have never gone all the way out to the reservation. The trip takes four hours so Mom tells me that she doesn't want to do it alone. She has done it alone a lot of times. I think she is afraid to leave me alone, which is silly because the doctors day that I am completely fine. Then again, Mom has had a lot on her plate with everything that happened to me and then with the issues the tribe has been having lately. When we arrived, she didn't even want me to get out of the car, which clued me in to her most likely motivation.
I was in the back seat of my mother's car, reclining as much as I could according to her wishes. Almost dying has made me extremely docile. Before the sick-fest, I argued about everything. I argued so much, Dad said I must have enrolled in a lawyer apprenticeship program without their knowledge. The entire family had taken to responding to me by saying, "Alright counselor," which only made me argue more. It was such a waste of energy. Now I don't even ask questions, something my mother always said I had been doing since the day I was conceived. Oddly, I get a different kind of satisfaction from just doing whatever they say. Everyone just looks at me with a little bit of disappointment and they deflate just like an old balloon. It is fun to hold them in my palm but mostly, I just don't have the desire or energy to argue anymore. I was in the back seat of my mother's car when I saw a shadow. I turned to look and I found myself right back on the edge of death.
It was a dinosaur. It was right outside of the car. Its big black eye peered inside and its teeth were like yellow rocks in its mouth.
I froze. I froze so long, I didn't breathe. Someone outside of the car must have seen my face. I don't want to think about what kind of look must have been plastered there. The person first banged on the window and then had the sense to try the door. He pulled me out and tried to talk to me. He even slapped my face lightly. It wasn't until he or someone else threw water in my face that I came out of it. I had been slowly getting used to seeing them but I had never seen one up close. That's when I knew how crazy I am.
It's just a horse, everyone told me. It's just a horse. I didn't see a horse. What they called a horse tried to comfort me, I think, since it was more sane than I was. It tried to nuzzle me but it was a dinosaur nuzzling me. I was so scared, I peed myself.
Before my mom even knew what was happening, an older woman got me and took me into her small house. She gave me clothes to change into and then sat me down at her kitchen table. She wanted to know what made me so afraid of horses. I cried. I couldn't tell her but she kept asking. She held my hand. She said the horse only wanted to protect me. It looked like a dinosaur, I finally said. She patted my hand and said that horses take many shapes but she didn't know that included dinosaurs. She smiled. I knew she was serious and not only humoring me. I asked her what shapes they take. She named birds, dogs and other animals that were smaller not bigger. I went with the woman to the laundromat and she added my clothes to her wash. I had already changed back into my clothes by the time my mother came running. By that time, the Indian woman had fed me, introduced me to five of her family members and told them I'd had a vision. I will never doubt the natural wisdom of American Indians because despite all their talk about me, they never said anything to my mom.
That was a week ago. Now I am waiting to speak to Lisander Elman. She is a professional counselor that the medical doctor on the reservation had recommended to my mother. The doctor was the same woman who had taken me into her house. I could tell that she never told my mother what I had told her, only about what had happened. Mom said they just wanted to make sure that the shrooms and the entire illness hadn't affected my "emotional well-being." If she only knew. The receptionist calls my name and then ushers me into Lisander Elman's office. I am instructed by everyone to call her Lisander.
Lisander's office is small. The whole place can fit on Aubrey's front porch. The reception area comfortably seats three, including the receptionist. Who really wants to sit and wait in a counselor's office, I reasoned. Only the desperate. Lisander sits behind a small desk but she stands when the receptionist opens the door for me. Everything inside is plum in color or a complementary tone. Lisander is the color of nougat with big hazel eyes and short, coily hair. She wears a pale yellow cotton shirt and khaki pants. I notice a sapphire ring when she extends her hand for me to shake. Then, she gestures toward a set of simple chairs and we sit down.
Lisander begins by asking a lot of basic questions. I think she is confirming everything I wrote on the forms Mom faxed to her a few days ago. She asks more questions about the last six months, about how I've been feeling physically and how therapy has gone. I answer as honestly as I can. Then, she looks at me with a smile. Time for business.
"You sound as if you are doing very well. How do you feel?"
I don't have time for games but I have my own questions.
"How much of this will you tell my parents?"
Lisander leans forward.
"That depends. Are you thinking about hurting yourself or someone else?"
I shake my head furiously.
"There are some things that I am obligated to report and as long as none of those things are at play, I will only give your parents a general report. No details."
"Okay," I say. "Well, I see things."
Lisander sits back in her chair.
"From what I understand," she says, "you became very upset when you saw a horse. What happened?"
I briefly describe the incident. There isn't much to describe.
"Are you afraid of horses?"
"No," I tell her truthfully. "I thought the horse was a dinosaur."
Lisander's eyes stay on me without moving.
"Was it?"
She is toying with me. What kind of question is that?
"Obviously not. There aren't any dinosaurs. I'm not talking about a toy dinosaur or a video game or someone in a costume. I mean a real one."
"Jurassic Park?"
I nod and repeat her phrase.
"When has this happened before?"
I tell her about the armadillo on television, the horses, the deer, the giraffe.
"It's just that I never had those hallucinations except when saw one of those animals on TV or online or something. I hadn't seen any of them in real life until last week."
Lisander holds her chin in her hand. She breathes in deeply and exhales deeply.
"An armadillo appears as a dragon and long-necked mammals appear as dinosaurs."
"Yes, ma'am. Is it a hallucination or am I crazy?"
"You know, I have been alive for a while and I have been a counselor for a while but I have never heard a real definition for crazy. How do you feel about what you've been seeing?"
"I feel crazy. I am seeing one thing that doesn't exist anymore and I am seeing another thing that never, ever existed. I don't know how else to feel."
"One thing doesn't exist anymore and the other never, ever existed. Why do you think that?"
"Everyone thi-- Everyone knows that." I shrug. "It's just a fact."
"Where did that fact come from?"
"People who have studied it, right? Smart people."
Lisander smiles.
"Yes," she says, "smart people. As smart as smart people are, they don't generate facts. Facts are pieces of information that are proven to be true, right?"
I nod. I am not sure what we are talking about.
"Some facts are proven because we can see them with our own eyes. For example, if I told you that the shirt I am wearing is blue, would that be a fact?"
I answer without glancing down to check.
"No. Your shirt is yellow."
"Good," she says. "But the existence of dinosaurs and dragons is a different sort of fact, isn't it?"
"Well, there isn't anyone who has actually seen either one of them. Not really. Not anyone we know about who isn't crazy."
"That's right. So, how do we prove that dinosaurs no longer exist?"
"Well, there are all these big dinosaur bones all over the place but there aren't any big dinosaurs. So, if there are still dinosaurs, where are they?"
"Hm, that's a good question. That is a logical approach. Maybe they changed or maybe they went somewhere else. Is that possible?"
"Maybe, but I don't buy that."
"It wasn't even for sale," Lisander says with a wave of her hand. "But the question is: does a bunch of big dinosaur bones and the absence of big dinosaurs constitute proof?"
I pause.
"What do you know about police lineups?" she asks.
"Only what I have seen on TV."
"That will work fine. What is a lineup?"
"A lineup is where someone says another person committed a crime and they give a description and the police round up a bunch of people who fit the description. Then, the person who reported the crime looks at the people and picks out the one who did it."
"That is a perfect description. I am not an expert on lineups either so that is exactly how they do it as far as I know. But what if none of the people the police rounded up is the person who committed the crime?"
I frown.
"There is no way they'll find the right guy in the lineup. Actually, the wrong person might be accused."
Lisander nods slowly.
"That's right. It is unfortunate but it is correct. You can't ever pick the right one out of a group of wrong options. If you say, dinosaurs couldn't change or go somewhere else, for example, it could be that you aren't picking from the full breadth of options. As for dragons, how can you prove that something never existed?"
I pucker my lips but I don't answer.
"Are you saying," I begin after a long silence, "that I am not crazy?"
"Crazy is not in our vocabulary in this office, not as a label for people. I think that you should have more confidence in yourself."
"Oh. So, you think I have low self-esteem and I am doing this for attention?"
"Natalie," Lisander says and she says it with a long A. "I doubt that a girl like you, who has been through what you have been through, could stand any more attention. It may be difficult after the things you have experienced but you should trust your instincts."
Our eyes meet. She holds my gaze but I look away.
"Your parents requested that I evaluate you for a psychiatric follow-up. Sometimes, we need medicine to help our brains do its best, that's all. I don't think you need any medicine. I don't think you don't need any therapy either but that is all between you and your parents."
Now I really know I'm crazy because my eyes begin to burn and tears bubble up to the surface.
"What do I do about the fear?"
I am looking out of the window behind Lisander. I don't want to look at her. I can see my mother's car in the parking lot. I had not noticed it before. I remember the panic I felt on the reservation and the huge eye at the car window. Lisander watches me for a long while. I can see her in my peripheral vision so I keep my focus on the car outside.
"What are you afraid of?" she asks at last.
I don't answer her question but ask instead, "I can come back to see you then?"
"Sure, of course, but not as a therapy session--unless your parents want it that way. Otherwise, you can come and we'll chat. It was very nice meeting you and talking with you today."
She rises from her chair. I extend my hand to her as she did earlier but she takes a step toward me and then pulls me into a hug. I collapse against her. She smells like a spicy sweet, like cinnamon.
On the ride home with my mom, after telling her how things went, after telling her that I would like to see Lisander again, after changing my head-chant from I am crazy to I am not crazy, I think about the fact that Lisander believes me. It isn't a proven fact yet but I know that she believes me.
*****
I am down to 120 pounds. I am a big girl and I have been since I was old enough to hold my own fork. Being a big girl has been the secret of my success. I stand out. I look strong and when I talk, my appearance backs up every word. I am a solid cheer-leading base. I can practically pick up one of those tiny little girls and throw her in the air by myself. I am big and I am strong.
My parents always told me that the animal that best represents me is an elephant. I didn't like that very much when I first heard it. A big, fat elephant, I still remember thinking. An old, ugly elephant? Eventually, though, I realized that anyone should be proud to be represented by the elephant. They are big and strong and while the skin my look rough, it is thick and durable. Their big feet, their long trunks, their exceptional mental ability, their incredible emotional capacity all make the elephant a creature of depth in spite of what anyone may think of its looks. Unfortunately, I am not so much like an elephant anymore.
When I look in the mirror, it seems like I am looking at someone else. That is the last thing I need with everything going on with my weird eyes. It is bad enough seeing something unexpected when familiar animals come into view. I want to know what to expect when I see myself but I don't yet. At another time, I might have loved losing twenty pounds. It occurs to me more and more that I just am not the same person I used to be.
Most of the weight loss came during my hospital stay and then there was more after I came home. My energy was focused on rehabilitation and avoiding images of armadillos and horses. My zest for food dropped way off especially those foods--the foods I ate that day. Thanks to Chef Montford, I can't go anywhere near apples. They were my favorite fruit but not anymore. I had never been a fan of mushrooms and I never will be after what happened. Shallots are still a mystery to me. Are they onions? I can still eat rice, as long as it isn't boiled to mush. I'm weird about all food now, though. If my mother didn't cook it, I don't trust it. Sometimes, I don't trust her food either. On the bright side, I've started learning to cook more than noodles and omelets.
I have visited Lisander every Thursday for the past three weeks. She reminds me every time that we are just visiting and it is not a session. We haven't talked about dinosaurs or dragons since my first visit. What is there to really say? She asks me what I think about things and I answer. She even asked me my opinion about the color of her office. She says she is ready for a change. I think I am as well, one that I create rather than something else that just falls on me. We talk about change.
Lisander tells me about herself. That's when I know that it isn't therapy because I don't think therapists ever give details about themselves. Lisander says she has always wanted to help people, always had a thirst for knowledge and was interested in behavior for as long as she could remember. Counseling was the right fit, she said. She asks me about my career goals and I can't answer her. I'm not the lawyer-in-training anymore but even when I was, I never seriously thought about it. Maybe I can be a counselor like Lisander but I don't think I could help people the way that she does. She is extremely understanding and patient and the friendliest person I have ever met. I'm just cra-- Not crazy. I am just confused.
I am talking to Lisander about going back to school. School starts on Monday. I am excited and nervous. I haven't been in that building in a long time and I'm a different person now. What if people expect me to be the same, I ask her. What if people don't like who I am now? She says they have the right to feel that way and I have a right to find new friends who like me for who am I now. I think about that. Who else is there? I'm not sure there are any other people worth befriending. None of this is important because I am waiting for the right time to ask the question that has been nagging me.
"Lisander, you believe me, don't you?" I finally ask.
For a moment, things get quiet in Lisander's small office. It is even quiet outside of the office, where every sound from a closing drawer to a loud whisper normally seems to echo. It was the best opportunity I would have, I thought, so I asked.
Lisander looks at me and her face clearly shows me that she knows exactly what I am asking.
"Is that important to you?"
"Yes. I think you believe that I really do see dinosaurs and dragons. I just don't understand why. You said that I'm not crazy."
"Natalie, we don't use that word here."
She is avoiding my question. Maybe she doesn't believe me.
"I believe," she says after taking a breath, "that you are able to see something that other people cannot."
What is she saying?
"Do you see them?" I ask.
She looks at me but she doesn't answer. After a while, she crosses her arms over her chest and sighs.
"There is a world of things to see."
I don't say anything. I determine to shut my mouth and stare at her for as long as necessary. It doesn't take long.
"Different people see different things. I see small winged things."
I want to smile but I fight it. It is nothing to smile about but I am relieved. Then I think back to the reservation and the doctor who told me that I had seen a vision. I have so many questions.
"Did you nearly die too?"
"No, not death. It isn't the same for everyone. There was a traumatic event that changed everything for me but it wasn't near-death. For some, there is no trauma. They open their eyes one day and their eyes see differently."
She makes it sound like there are lots of other people who have eyes that see differently, as she puts it. Her answers only bring up more questions.
"What about the doctor that referred me to you? Does she see things?"
Lisander shakes her head.
"Whatever she sees, she sees in visions but not like this. She is an unusually insightful woman, though, and her visions are as strong as anything we see."
"Why are we like this?" I ask her. I'm not angry but I want to understand.
"We were both born female. Why? I don't know who can answer that question."
"Yeah but lots of people are born female. How many people have this? I mean, do I have to have this for the rest of my life? What am I supposed to do?"
Lisander stands up suddenly and goes to the window. She doesn't look out of it. She just stands there.
"Has anyone ever given you a gift?" she asks me.
"Yes, I've gotten lots of gifts."
"Good. What kinds of gifts?"
"My dad gave me a big stuffed elephant one time."
"Okay, good. Did you ask him what to do with it?"
"No," I say and I see what she means but my stuffed elephant isn't the same.
"This is a gift, I think. We get to choose what to do with it. It isn't a burden unless we make it so. Then again, I've never seen a dragon or a dinosaur. I believe it is a way of really seeing the world for what it is and most people will never do that."
I understand better now. Just a little.
"Shouldn't I do something, though?"
Lisander takes her seat again and looks me squarely in the eye like she does when she wants me to pay attention.
"You should learn to trust yourself."
She has told me this many times now but it is still too hard for me to do.
"I will try. I will. But can you tell me something? Why dinosaurs and dragons?"
"Everyone is different," Lisander says with a shrug. "Sometimes, though, when there are only two figures like the dinosaur and the dragon--two figures that are similar--it may be that one represents you and the other represents a part of you or your nemesis."
This captures my attention. I repeat the word nemesis. She defines the word. I have heard it many times but I have never heard the definition. While she talks, I think about my nemesis. Who could possibly be my nemesis? Suddenly, one person comes to my mind.
"Are you okay?" Lisander asks. She is so concerned that she puts her hand out and touches my arm. I nod and give her a questioning look. "Your face is so serious all of a sudden."
I tell her honestly, "I know who poisoned me."
Lisander sits back in her chair like she always does at those moments. She purses her lips. She clasps her hands.
"What are you going to do about it?"
"Whatever needs to be done. I know you have to report anything--"
"No," Lisander interjects. "No, I don't. You aren't my patient. This is just a conversation between friends and, anyway, I don't think that you have any intention to hurt yourself or anyone else."
"I don't want to," I reply.
"You have a sound mind," she tells me, "and you can make sound decisions for yourself. However, I hope that you will remember that whatever is past is done. I hope that you act in a way that will benefit you going forward."
I know what I have to do.
*****
"Hey," I say, walking up behind Aubrey at her locker. It is the first day back to school and it already looks as if she is re-organizing. She is wearing her typical designer fit-wear in screaming colors. She is bent over with her butt in the air. She moves to look around her right leg without standing.
She sees me, rolls her eyes and then goes back to what she is doing.
"Hey," she replies. She isn't happy to see me."So, when are you going to be back in practice?"
She has obviously noticed that I am not dressed to work out.
"I want to talk to you about that."
"It's not like I have a lot of time," she says, slamming things into her locker.
Her attitude is beginning to rub me wrong.
"Yeah," I say. "It's not like I have as much time as I used to."
Amy stops, sighs and turns slowly toward me.
"What is it?"
I look her fiercely in the eyes.
"I want to know why you put the mushrooms in my plate."
Amy doesn't blink.
"Oh, right, cause I did it."
Despite her words, her sarcasm is evident.
"I think you did it and I want to know why."
Amy turns back to her locker.
"Alright, yeah, I did it," she says.
My breath quickens and I wait for an explanation.
"I did that, I caused the drought this summer and I also stole the three million the city governor says is missing. You saw how the squad was beginning to respect me and you just hate that, don't you?"
She gives me no chance to respond.
"Why don't you get off it, Natalie." She turns to me with hateful eyes. "You put those mushrooms in your own plate."
I step back. I watch her put her books and other mess back in her locker. Then she turns to me and smiles as if accusing me has made her lighter. Her smile oozes into a smirk. She is as smug as ever.
"Listen, Aubrey, I apologize. I shouldn't have accused you. I... I was obviously wrong but if you think that I would be willing to die for anything related to cheer-leading, you are about as dumb as you look right now."
She rolls her eyes again and I walk away from her. Then, without thinking I turn back to her.
"Just to show you how much I care about anyone's respect for you, I'm stepping down."
Aubrey's face is no longer smug. She looks shocked. She also looks scared.
"If you are stepping down, you might as well just quit."
"Good thinking," I tell her, again without thinking. "I quit. Good luck with everything."
That night, I lay in bed thinking. I try to forget about Aubrey and our conversation. I wish I could forget about her for a few years because I feel stupid. I thought that Aubrey was the one but as soon as she made her idiotic comments about me poisoning myself, I knew she was too ridiculous to have done it. I remembered her face. She thought that I was an idiot too. She thought that I was an idiot who would put deadly mushrooms in her own food and then accuse someone else of doing it months later. It wasn't her. Maybe it hadn't been intentional at all.
I think about what Lisander told me before I left her office. I was certain about my nemesis and what I had to do and she reminded me of the question I asked the first time I met her. I asked her what I could do about the fear. Lisander said that I hadn’t been ready to hear the answer on that day but now I am. She told me that sometimes we must face our fear and other times we should avoid it. She said I needed to learn the right time to do one or the other and that I must eventually face the dinosaurs and the dragons in order to gain control over them. I didn't know how I could ever gain control when I was completely out of control.
I am still feeling sorry for myself when my mother comes into my room and sits down.
"I hear you quit the squad," she says.
I marvel how fast good news travels.
"I got a call from one of the mothers," she adds.
I nod without speaking, like the quiet Natalie.
"Was it your choice? I mean, were you pushed into this?"
"No, Mom. I wanted to quit." I let the silence hang before I say, "I accused Aubrey of putting the mushrooms in my plate."
Mom is stunned. It takes her a little while to speak and there is nothing for me to say.
"Natalie, you have been through a lot. I can't tell you how happy I am about the way that you have recovered. I hope that you aren't going to go around accusing everyone of doing this to you."
Old Natalie would have argued like spitfire. Mom knows how to make everyone feel tiny. New Natalie puts her head back on the pillow and stares at the ceiling.
"Well, that's nothing. She actually accused me of putting the mushrooms in my own plate."
Mom rolls her eyes like she does when she is dealing with the courts.
"It sounds like maybe you did the right thing. It takes a lot to give up something that has meant so much to you."
"It doesn't anymore," I say. "It doesn't seem important anymore at all. I won't accuse anyone else. I really thought she did it."
"Just remember that you have to consider what you do. You can't un-ring a bell. Sweetie, you are better now. You are going to be better than you have ever been. Forget the snake that bit you."
I chuckle and say, "I apologized to her for it, which is more than she did. I guess she really thinks I did it."
"Well," Mom says, "money can't buy you everything. Money can't buy a rich spirit."
She pats my arm.
Forget the snake that bit you.
*****
The next day, girls attack me in my classes, in the hallway, everywhere I go. The entire squad wants to know why I quit and try to convince me to come back. I can't tell them that I'm not the same person anymore. I really can't tell them that their captain is stupid. I just tell them that I am not well enough to continue. They see how thin I am. They think I look great but I have never seen great throw a skinny little girl into the air. I have only ever seen strong do that. It doesn't matter. My mind is made.
After school, I go over to the ice cream hut. I have a few pounds to gain and nothing has appealed to my stomach in months but the thought of an ice cream sundae is singing to me. I don't know if I have ever gone somewhere like that by myself. I sit at a small picnic table and eat my sundae but it tasted better in my imagination. I even have to get a grip on myself when a splat of something hit my tongue that feels kind of mushy-soft and I can't figure out what it is. I am almost into the panic zone. It is impossible but I can't stop thinking it could be a mushroom. I calm myself enough not to puke or spit on the ground. I grab a napkin and spit into it. I just breathe for a few seconds--Lisander taught me that. Then, I look into the napkin. Aside from the foamy, vanilla ice cream that is melted into a pool of thick liquid, all I see is a big glop of brown. Caramel.
"Hey, Natalie," a male voice says.
I hesitate to turn to look. I'm still reeling from my near panic over sweet and delicious caramel. When am I going to trust myself, I wonder. The misstep with Aubrey was bad but I had good reason to suspect her. She had insisted that I go on the ridiculous trip and she was the only one who had any reason to want to hurt me. I didn't believe she would want to kill me but how does anyone know the mind of another person? I try to tell myself that it was all an accident. It was just a weird fluke but that is harder for me to accept than the idea that I am completely sane.
I ball up the napkin full of ice cream and turn toward the sound of the voice. My mouth falls open, my muscles tense and I freeze.
"Hey, what's wrong," I hear the voice say.
The voice comes from the head of a big dragon with smoke rising from its nostrils. Its golden eyes are focused on me. After it speaks, small torrents of fire shoot out of its mouth.
"Hello, Natalie? What's the problem?"
I close my eyes and take three breaths. I open my eyes. The dragon is still there staring me down. This is the first time I have seen one like this, the first time either a dragon or a dinosaur has spoken to me.
"Kevin?"
I am doing all that I can to control my breathing and I feel my body coming under my control. I don't see anything but a dragon, which is not green but an almost phosphorescent blue-green with smatterings of gold everywhere. It is beautiful, more beautiful than the dinosaur certainly. I can only focus on the head so I don't know if there is a body or wings or what.
It's talking to you. It isn't going to hurt you.
"Yeah, Kevin. Why are you looking at me like that?"
"I'm...sorry. I'm still...trying to get better, you know."
"Oh," the voice says, sounding sheepish. "Yeah, how are you?"
"I'm getting better every day," I say but how is that true? Now people look like dragons?
"You look a lot better--better than you did in the hospital."
"You came to see me in the hospital?"
"Oh, yeah. You were--you probably wouldn't remember that. I never would have thought a mushroom could do that to someone."
The dragon moves. Now it is across from me.
"What are you doing here?" I ask.
I am almost comfortable now. I want to touch the glowing skin but I tell myself I will only be touching Kevin.
"I'm just waiting for a prescription from the pharmacy over there. I saw you sitting here. I just-I just wanted to say hi."
"What happened to military school?"
"I'm taking a break," the voice says quickly.
Kevin was finishing high school away from home because despite being a great athlete and top dog around our school, he had done just about anything a kid could do without ending up in jail. His parents obviously thought that sending him to military school would be the only way to avoid jail, a ruined future or even death. Military school had changed him. I realize that he is much quieter, like me. He's not the life anymore. He stays in the background.
An idea comes to me. It is a strange idea, a strange feeling.
"I feel that," I say. "I quit the cheerleading squad."
The voice sounds shocked and asks why.
I shrug and say, "I thought Aubrey put the mushrooms in my food."
"What? That's stupid. Aubrey would never do that."
"Yeah. I talked to her about it. I kinda knew she didn't do it when she told me that I did it."
The voice makes a disdainful sound.
"You're both stupid. No wonder you two are such good friends."
Such good friends?
"Someone did it," I say.
"No," the voice says, "no one did it. It was an accident that never would have happened if the master chef wasn't a moron."
I stare down at my sundae, half melted in the sun. The feeling is stronger now. I look up at the beautiful dragon with a smirk on its huge mouth.
"How can you be sure?" I probe.
"No one wants to hurt you, Natalie. It was just bad luck of the draw."
The voice sounds tender. It sounds sort of like my mom's voice when she said that I had been through a lot and she is glad I am recovering. I pause and I take a moment to think but I know what I must do.
"You did it, Kevin. You put the mushrooms in my plate."
"Me? What? No, Natalie. I'm telling you, it was Montford's fault."
"No, it wasn't."
"Seriously, why would I do that? I don't want to hurt you Natalie. I like you just as much as everyone else who was there that day."
"You came to visit me in the hospital because you were guilty. Maybe you didn't mean to hurt me but you didn't know who would get that plate. You didn't care who got hurt."
"Seriously, Natalie, why? Why?"
"Maybe you wanted Mason Montford to get the plate of mushrooms. Maybe you wanted your sister or your mother to get them."
There is a laugh and the dragon breaths a stream of fire out of its mouth.
"I don't care about Mason Montford. I don't know anything about the guy. I have no idea what happened to him since then."
"Stop lying," I say with a completely level voice. "Everyone knows what happened to him. He lost his restaurant and he's leaving town to go do some TV cooking job."
The dragon is smiling. Steam curls out from between the pointed teeth and ash falls from the lips. It is smiling.
"No, none of that is true," says the voice. "Eventually, you'll accept that."
"I'll never accept it. I almost died. I spent months recovering. You'll never know how my life has changed because of this. You'll never know what that one stupid thing has done to me."
The dragon's demeanor changes. The glee has disappeared. The mouth has closed and the golden eyes look downward. Even the skin loses some of its glow.
"Are you going to tell them?"
I am too upset to be surprised. My sundae is completely melted and I am sitting across from a dragon as if it is just another person. I feel the sun on my back.
"Who would I tell? Your mother hates my guts because she blames me for ruining Chef's career and your sister thinks I am a sociopath. Who would I tell?"
The dragon leans forward timidly.
"I didn't think anything like that would happen. I didn't think anyone would get sick or die! I thought they would just taste bad. My mom thinks Montford is so great but she doesn't know what kind of person he really is. I just wanted her to see for herself but once she gets something in her head, forget about it. I just thought that the meal would taste bad and someone would complain about it and she would drop him--you know, drop the whole thing."
Even after everything that happened, I could still remember that day in the woods like it had all occurred just minutes earlier. I clearly remember hearing the conversation between Mason Montford and Aubrey's mom in the woods while I sat on my bucket and played games on my phone. I can repeat every word. I have no idea if he knows but I know that his mom and Mason Montford were more than friends or business partners. Maybe they still are.
"You risked everyone's life over that? It was that important to you? Well, you got what you wanted."
"No, I didn't want this. I mean... I want to make it up to you."
The voice sounds sincere and dejected. But he can't make it up to me and I tell him that.
"Please, I'll do anything."
"You can't un-ring a bell," I say and I walk away from the dragon.
*******
It is Thursday, and I'm in Lisander's small office. We talk but she jumps right to the point. She says I look different, I look settled.
"I did what I had to do," I tell her. "I confronted the dragon. I think the flames are out now."
Lisander smiles at me. I think she is proud of me. I smile back at her.
"Don't expect them to stay out," she says.
"What do you mean?"
She is still smiling but she is serious.
"A dragon breathes fire. That's what is does. The flames may go out for a time but they'll return and the dragon will go back to what it knows."
This statement hits me very hard. What will that mean for Kevin or for me? What does any of this mean?
"See," she continues, "these things we see like to hide. They hide for their own safety behind things we know, things we sometimes ignore because they are familiar. People do the same thing and they are even more difficult to recognize. But no matter what they hide behind, their true nature is always there and it will always come out whether we see it or not."
I swallow hard. Then I look at Lisander and she is full of peace. She is settled I think.
"I am a dragon slayer. Well, maybe a dragon snuffer."
Lisander laughs so hard and repeats this title. Then she stops laughing abruptly and gives me a curious look.
"So then you must be the dinosaur."

###

^
The Frenemy Trials
Tabby carried a lime green notebook everywhere she went. It didn't matter if she was in the school's bathroom, in gym, the athletic field or the parking lot, that notebook was with her. Anyone who paid less attention might not have noticed this but because Kerri, Loree and Aimie had known Tabby since the third grade and had actively been bullying her since the fifth, they knew the green notebook well. It had not been a new addition to her high school persona; it had been around for years.
Kerri wondered how she could use the same notebook for years without filling it. Loree thought she probably had filled it--she'd seen her writing in it on too many occasions. Tabby was just the kind of person to buy 30 copies of the same notebook and carry it around. Aimie knew better. She had seen Tabby's handwriting before. Tabby used micro-micro-point pens and pencils and her handwriting reminded her of the script that people printed on individual grains of rice. It was microscopic but legible.
Was there any wonder why they bullied her? Tabby was the kind of kid who enjoyed being weird and having other people mock her. How did Kerri, Loree and Aimie know that? Tabby smiled the biggest smile whenever someone teased her. Her face lit up like it was her birthday, like she'd been given a diamond ring. That only made her tormentors go at her harder. Then she smiled bigger. It was an endless cycle that would go until a teacher intervened. She also wrote notes like a spy who had never heard the term secret agent. She wrote notes at the weirdest times in that green notebook and she carried it with her everywhere she went. It was inevitable that someone would get curious one day and take it from her. That day was Friday.
"Would you please give that back?" Tabby said.
Tabby was literally a mess. She always looked like she was about to leave for a long trip. She carried multiple bags of multiple sizes, her rolling backpack that she sometimes carried, her lunch bag--as if anyone ever brought lunch to school--and her special pencil bag with the owls on it that usually went in or came out of what looked like a reusable shopping bag that owls on it with feathers that belonged on a parrot. All of these bags were on the floor around her locker while she did whatever she was doing. The green notebook was perched on the retracting handle of rolling backpack and was practically begging that someone snatch it up. Kerri, Loree and Aimie had come walking down the empty hallway. School had ended an hour earlier but the girls just joined and then ditched another after-school club.
Kerri went directly to Tabby and did her usual--asking what was for lunch and was it good and who made it and what hair products did Tabby use and how much do they cost and what are the ingredients and a long list of other questions. Tabby answered every question with no sense of Kerri's facetiousness. Loree went to backup and grabbed the notebook. Aimie continued walking another ten or fifteen feet and then waited.
"I want to know what's in here. You've had this notebook since, like, first grade, haven't you? What were you writing back then? Did you even know how to write?"
"Of course," Tabby said, leaving her locker and approaching Loree with one hand reaching out. "I was writing before kindergarten but I did not have that notebook in first grade. Can you just give it back please?"
Aimie was tired of their game with Tabby. Tabby was a bore and picking on her was a bore. Aimie thought about what she could have been doing with other kids if she were with a bunch of other kids. She could imagine a million things but she knew for sure that Tabby wouldn't be a part of it. Aimie liked Tabby, sort of, in small bursts but the thought hanging out with her made her feel depressed. The girl was just too brainy for her own good.
"Wait, what's this?" Loree said as she pointed to one page of the notebook. "Popularity formula. Oh really? You have the formula for popularity?"
Suddenly, the scene changed. Kerri, who had been standing next to Tabby's still open locker. moved past Tabby and stood behind her friend. Loree was short and Kerri was average in height so she looked down over the smaller girl's shoulder. Aimie, who had been standing with her back to the group, turned around and inched closer but still maintained some distance. Tabby's outstretched hand fell to her side. She seemed to lose interest in the whole conversation. She walked back to her locker and finished whatever she had been doing.
Kerri said, "What's the formula, Tabby?"
Both girls squinted down at the notebook. Even though they had the information right in their hands, they did not know it.
"Don't call me Tabby," Tabby said. She shut her locker and then started on the bags on the floor. "I'll take that back when you are done."
"Aimie," said Loree and Kerri, "come see if you can read this."
Of the three girls, Aimie was the smart one. She was great with math, though she wasn't at the Tabby level. Tabby took math classes with the seniors. Aimie hesitated to join in but it was just an act. She was as curious as her friends. A formula for popularity seemed silly, like the plot of a science fiction book for middle-schoolers. Still, Tabby wasn't just smart, she was like a mad scientist, so Aimie couldn't help but be curious.
Aimie looked down at the tiny writing inside the green notebook. It was just as she suspected. The girl’s writing could never have fit on a grain of rice but it was impressively small yet easy to read. The paper was lined, college rule, but Tabby didn't write on the lines. She wrote from all kinds of angles where she could fit anything. Part of the difficulty in understanding what she wrote was knowing what went with what. When Aimie spotted the heading, Popularity Formula, which Tabby hadn't actually written but had colored in the background in red ink and left the outline of the letters in white, she could see why Kerri and Loree were lost. There were a bunch of symbols, mathematical and otherwise, written there. Aimie couldn't make out anything except a symbol that meant infinity, the symbol for gamma and several equal signs. Aimie shrugged and then all three girls stared at Tabby.
Tabby looked smug. She basically never smiled unless someone was picking on her, so they hadn't expected that reaction. She had thrown her grocery bag over her shoulder. The missing lunch bag was probably resting there, out of sight. She had also extended the handle of her rolling backpack and looked as if she was ready to go.
"Finished?"
"No," Loree said. "If you want this back, you better tell us what all this means."
"It means exactly what it says. It is a formula for popularity."
"If it's a formula for popularity, then why aren't you popular?" Kerri asked.
Tabby rolled her eyes.
"What makes you think I want to be popular?"
"You can't be popular because you are too weird and this formula could never work."
That was Loree's response. Aimie sighed and thought about moving down the hallway again. She could have been doing something interesting.
"The formula does work. I have observed it in action lots of times. I just haven't tested it."
"Why not?" Loree asked. "Oh, yeah, because you can't be bothered with popularity right? You just have too much going for you."
Tabby smiled her smile.
"Wait," Kerri interrupted, "there is also a love formula and a wealth formula. Okay, so, I'll just assume you are too good for love, too. But what about money? Shouldn't you be rich?"
"That's a dumb question. Okay, they are hypothetical formulas. Before I can really say that they work, even though they do, I would have to test them."
"Well, why don't you?" Aimie asked from several feet down the hall.
Tabby stared at Aimie for a couple of seconds. Then, she looked down at her watch. She shook her head emphatically and reached her hand out as she had in the beginning.
"No, that's another dumb question. I created that formula. If I tried to test it myself, it probably wouldn't--"
"You'd be biased," Aimie said.
Aimie had learned about biased experiments in her Ethics class. If Tabby wanted her formula to be correct, she might take any results she found to mean just that. She might even change her behavior without necessarily realizing it in order to get the results she wanted. Tabby had a good point.
"Then let someone else test it," Loree said. "Really, Tabby? I thought you were smart."
Tabby smiled her medium watt smile.
"Yeah, Tabby, let us test it," Kerri said. "There are three formulas and three of us. We'll be your guinea pigs. Wait--unless this involves shots or drugs or something."
Tabby’s mouth was in the shape of a smile but Kerri's suggestion had caused her jaw to fall open. It looked like she was pleasantly shocked.
"No, there are no shots or anything of course. I said I developed the formulas from observation. How would that have worked?"
Aimie turned again to explain to her friends, saying, "You guys, she would have to be very detailed and careful about the whole thing and you would have to do exactly what she says--"
"I'll take wealth," Loree said.
"Okay, well--" Kerri started before Aimie objected.
"Wait! You can't do it like that. It's all supposed to be random, right? You can't just pick what group you want to be assigned to. She probably hasn't even set up the study and all of that stuff."
"Yes, I have," Tabby responded with surprising enthusiasm. "I came up with all of that but I never--well, I never had any, uh, access to participants."
Tabby scratched behind her ear. What she meant was that she didn't have any friends to enlist. The thing about it was that Kerri, Loree and Aimie were the closest things to friends that Tabby had and their teasing was the closest thing to friendly interaction that she'd had with any of her schoolmates. They were the closest things to willing participants that she was likely to have, which meant she might not have to wait for her second or third year of college to begin really testing her hypotheses.
"If you guys are serious," Tabby said slowly, "we can do it. I am all set up. There is a lot to go over and Aimie is right--you have to follow the rules exactly or it will just be a waste of time for everyone."
"I can follow rules," Kerri said. "What about you?"
Loree grinned.
"I can follow rules when I am getting paid to," she said.
They all turned toward Aimie, who looked pensive. Kerri spoke.
"You in, Aimie? I'm claiming love so you will have to be Miss Popularity."
"No, it will be random," Tabby said. "Bias."
"Bias," the other three girls said in near unison.
"Here's to bias," Loree said.
*******
The girls met over the weekend at the Bagel Joint to go over everything. First, Tabby had them draw straws to determine who would test each formula. As it happened, the straws confirmed what the girls had requested the previous day. Kerri would test the love formula, Loree would test the wealth formula and Aimie would test the popularity formula. Each girl breathed a quiet sigh of relief. The beauty was that there was no down-side to any of them but each had a mind toward some particular desire and their assignments promised to fulfill it. Then, Tabby took each girl individually to a booth on the other side of the eatery and went over exactly what they must do. She also gave each one of them a large manila envelope that had been stuffed pretty tight. She told them each to open it when they were alone. Before they left, Loree offered to buy them each a bagel sandwich and a boba tea. She would be wealthy soon, she said, and she wanted that to be the last free lunch her friends would expect from her.
Kerri opened her envelope as soon as she got home. Inside it was a packet of instructions covering most of the information Tabby had gone over. There was also a notebook. It was like Tabby's notebook but it was red. There was also a black pen and a black marker inside. Kerri was to keep all her notes in the notebook, as well as answers to a list of questions that she was to answer every day. Likewise, Loree found similar contents except her notebook was purple. Aimie's notebook was golden. The trials would start on Monday as soon as they got to school and would last three weeks.
Aimie wasn't sure that three weeks was really long enough to do a proper test but it was longer than she wanted to spend. They would have to follow a lot of rules, write a lot of notes. Aimie thought of what she might be doing with some other kids if she had any other friends. She knew she wouldn't be testing formulas if she were popular. She knew Tabby wouldn't be part of the fun.

Kerri, Week 1
Kerri arrived at school on Monday morning ready to do everything Tabby had outlined in the protocol. She decided to practice during the remainder of the day on Saturday and then all day Sunday. The directions were not complicated but they weren't things she had ever made a point to do. Tabby had talked about bias, so Kerri tried hard not to dress better or change her makeup. Actually, she dressed a little worse. She wanted to be sure it was the formula and not her charming self, although Kerri had only had one boyfriend before. That had lasted a day and the guy later pretended it had never happened.
At the end of the first day, she noted that three different guys had acted differently toward her than they ever had. There was one who had never even spoken to her before. They had only exchanged about six words back and forth but it was more than any other time. By the end of the first week, she was actively texting two of them. The third guy, the one who never spoke, wasn't big on texting but he asked her out. There were other developments as well but she stuck to the first three, according to the rules.

Loree, Week 1
Loree had more or less forgotten the entire experiment until right before school on Monday. A message from Kerri, sent that morning, reminded her to follow the protocol. She quickly read everything over on the ride to school. The rules were pretty simple so she thought she would do alright. As the day passed, however, she began to wonder. How was any of it going to work? Money didn't just appear out of nowhere, she knew that, so how could those rules suddenly bring her wealth?
Loree was heading out of the school building when she found a dollar. Someone had folded the bill up tightly and wedged it between the tab and the top of a soda can. The can was empty and was sitting on a window ledge where it wasn't supposed to be. Loree had picked up the can with the intention of dumping it in a recycle bin. She had not expected to find the dollar there. Loree took the dollar she had found, and following the protocol, turned it into ten dollars by the end of the week.

Aimie, Week 1
Aimie's left eye wouldn't stop twitching on Monday morning. Her hands and underarms were sweaty and there was a brand new zit forming right in the cleft of her chin. She was as nervous as she had ever been. There was a desperation that she felt as strong as her heartbeat to get new friends. She liked Loree and Kerri. She even liked Tabby in a small way and from a distance. But she was tired of them. She had known them longer than her own brother literally. He hadn't been born until she was ten years old. She had already known them for years before anyone had even given him a thought.
Aimie thought that high school should be about branching out and meeting new people. The fact was that Kerri and Loree weren't interested in that. They seemed to want to relive the same day every day and that day always involved bothering Tabby. She wanted to ask them what that was about and why it was so important to them but she never did. The protocol was her way out. That's what she hoped but she knew the odds were not good. She had never been popular and she didn't have the stuff of the quintessential popular girl.
Aimie read through the protocol again during her first period class. She reminded herself that the protocol actually had nothing to do with what stuff she had or didn't have. She told herself that her twitching eye and her sweat were non-relevant factors. She just had three things that she had to do every single chance she got. That was all.
To her surprise, Aimie had three lunch invites by the end of third period. There was only one that interested her--with a guy that wasn't that cool but seemed to be cool everyone. He was a paradox. And he was a guy. By the end of week one, she had hung out on three afternoons out of four and that sort-of-cool guy had invited her to parties on Friday and Saturday night. By Sunday, her Social Book status increased by nine hundred percent.

Kerri, Week Two
Kerri's date with the quiet guy, Mo, had been magical for a first date. Although he had said next to nothing, he'd given her flowers, candy and a teddy bear. This was so old-fashioned and so sweet that she thought about dropping the other two immediately. Then she read the protocol. In fact, it was time to go on the hunt for more guys.
Kerri met five more guys over week two who showed a clear interest in her. Almost one per day. There were two on Thursday. On Friday, she took a break. There were so many notes she had to keep to give to Tabby after the trials ended that she could barely keep up both with her schoolwork and communicating with the guys--mostly by text--while keeping each of them in the dark about the others. The protocol didn't require her to do that but she didn't want to hurt their feelings.
There were eight guys in all.

Loree, Week Two
On the afternoon of the second Monday, Loree realized that she had a full-fledged business on her hands. Things had exploded that morning. She went home with fifty dollars of legitimately earned, hard, green cash. She realized that if she was going to be able to stick to the protocol and keep moving forward, she would have to get some help. She thought about asking Kerri or Aimie but she knew that would mess up everything with the trials. They were supposed to keep things clean and clear. They had made the decision as a group that they shouldn't even talk to one another during those three weeks.
Loree figured that being a business-owner meant that she needed to lead but she didn't necessarily need to manage. She pulled her top customer aside on Tuesday and worked out a deal with him. She would let him run things in exchange for some freebies. He was a savvy negotiator so she threw in a weekly five dollar bonus with the option to renegotiate after a month if profits increased. The joke was on him, of course, because Loree didn't anticipate anything after the trial period.
Loree had no idea what her new manager was capable of doing. He brought in over one thousand dollars in four days. Loree was too busy to spend much time celebrating because she had started venture number two and it was shaping up to be a bigger money-maker than the first.

Aimie, Week Two
During her first period class on the second Monday, Aimie learned that she had been nominated for Class President. This came as a huge surprise. Neither Kerri nor Loree had done the nominating. No one who had known Aimie for more than two weeks would ever have nominated her. Aimie wanted to be popular, not class president. The girl who had nominated her, however, believed that Aimie could win. This girl became Aimie's campaign manager and had a plan.
Aimie no longer ate lunch at lunch time. She sat at a table outside of the lunchroom with her campaign manager and...campaigned. She nibbled on pretzels or grapes between speaking to the students who were first curious, then dubious, then slightly interested. Aimie's version of campaigning was talking, nothing more or less. She didn't know or care about "the issues." Neither was she sure what was expected of the student body class president but she met lots of kids and that was alright with her.
Friday of the second week was a disappointment. The candidates were narrowed down to the three front-runners. Aimie wasn't one of them. Luckily, Aimie's campaign manager was the only one who truly felt disappointed. Aimie felt great. She had reaped all of the benefits without any of the problems that would inevitably come with politics. Most importantly, Aimie was more popular than ever.

Kerri, Week Three
Kerri had met so many guys and so many of them were calling and texting her that her parents took her phone away. They did this after their daughter spent the entire weekend of Week Two on the phone. She barely ate, she barely slept and she did absolutely no homework that couldn't be completed while talking. This was downright impossible while texting. Losing the phone felt to a stab in the heart. Kerri kept up with most of them at school but her life felt like it ended as soon as she left the building on the third Monday. She was sure that this would not only ruin the results of the trials but also kill the exciting life and romances she had built up over the past weeks.
Fortunately, out of all of the guys, fifteen or more, two of them virtually pledged their undying love--the quiet guy Mo, and a soccer player named Ricky. These two emailed her, showed up at her house, sent her letters in the mail and even knew about each other. Each was certain that Kerri would choose him but Kerri was in no hurry. She continued to follow the protocol and kept her many love letters in a special box.

Loree, Week Three
Monday of week three was nothing short of unbelievable. She had four businesses that were earning real money. The first and second and been intentional. Loree hadn't put a ton of thought into either of them but she had intended to start them. Business three and four turned out to be off-shoots from Business One and they both served a real need felt by Loree's fellow student body. Things had gotten so large, that Business One's manager had brought two kids to Loree and suggested that she hire them to work under him. He was so slick, he told her if that was a problem, he would hire them himself and pay them out of his earnings. According to him, there was enough to go around. Three other students wanted to get in on it. She had five new employees by lunch time.
Loree did a bit of research online. She wanted to know about small businesses and what she could do to keep them all afloat. She decided to get in touch with a small business counselor in her community so that she could learn more about micro-businesses. The counselor was so impressed, he asked Loree to present before community leaders and entrepreneurs at their next meeting. He assured her that some of her services were likely to appeal to the audience and win her even more business.
Loree barely had time to record everything Tabby required. She was tempted to hire someone to do it for her but she hired an assistant to manage her schoolwork instead.

Aimie, Week Three
Aimie's Monday morning first period class was beginning to be a problem. She was surprised again to learn that her former campaign manager had somehow gotten her back on the ballot. She had nearly slapped the girl before realizing that she had no chance of winning. This meant that she could only stand to gain. For the rest of the week, she buttered up to Cliff Wells, her main opponent, the most popular guy in their class. Aimie did her best to make things look good. She continued sitting at the campaign lunch table, she shook hands, she sent inspirational messages to her email list of supporters but she wanted to be Cliff's friend, not his enemy.
When the votes were counted on Friday, the announcement came that Cliff had won the head student body office just as Aimie had hoped and expected. Aimie had been a close second, with about twenty votes less than Cliff. That was a shock but nothing near disappointing. Cliff invited Aimie to his election party. She did nothing but schmooze the entire time, fill her calendar for the next few months and send her Social Book numbers through the roof.

Results

On the Saturday afternoon of the third week, the girls met again at the Bagel Joint. It felt to the three participants that three years had passed rather then three weeks. They hardly recognized one another. Kerri had changed her hair, her makeup and had lost at least ten pounds. Loree carried two smart phones and went everywhere with her assistant. Aimie had also changed her look to fit the trends and she talked to everyone she met everywhere as if she were still running for some public office. The girls had not communicated at all during those weeks and hadn't been missed.
Tabby took all of the data from Kerri, Loree and Aimie. It took her a week to go through everything and run the numbers. She responded to their inquiries with "Still working" or "Not yet" each time, until that Friday--the fourth Friday. The four of them stood in the empty hallway. They crowded around her locker, where Tabby stood staring as if a television was mounted inside it.
"It didn't work," Tabby said. "None of the results were significant."
"Maybe something was wrong," Kerri said. "I mean, we did it like we were supposed to, right?"
The test subjects all nodded.
"Still, something could have been wrong with the data," Aimie said.
"Yeah," said Loree, "I have a business now! I'm making good money. My customers love me. How can you say it didn't work?"
Kerri agreed, "Yeah and I guess I probably haven't found love yet but I'm dating two different guys. Give me a minute to choose!"
"Tabby, the formulas definitely worked," Aimie concluded. "I have talked to more kids at this school in the last week than the past two years. And it isn't just Social Book friends, either. It worked, Tabby."
"Don't call me Tabby," Tabby said and shut the locker.
Tabby was visibly upset. The girls tried to comfort her. She shook them off.
"I can't just take your word for it. This is science. I ran all of the number three times and I checked all of the numbers. The formulas don't work and that's all there is to it. I am glad that you guys are happy but this has nothing to do with happiness."
Tabby walked away from them, dragging her rolling backpack. She would tweak the formulas and perhaps try again when she was in college and she could find real participants.
Despite Tabby's disbelief, Kerri, Loree and Aimie happily continued following the protocol. Each of them tinkered with the idea every now and then, although they didn't talk about it, of what might happen if they switched protocols. Couldn't they switch protocols?

###

^
Time Twins: The Universes
Bree and Bea were the hottest chicks in school. From the day they showed up at Westfield High, they were in charge. Before that, four girls known as the Clovers were on top: Amy, Beth, Meshel and Ridley. They were the cheerleader-soccer gang--they did both activities at an elite level. Everyone thought that sports were the thing back then, so super athletes won everyone's hearts. Not that everyone could stand them. Valerie hated them intensely and the feeling was mutual.
The first thing that Brea and Bea did on the very first day they came to Westfield, nine weeks into the school year, was ask who the head girls were. They didn't use those words though. Valerie heard this with her own ears because they had been sitting in her first period class when she walked in and sat down. Brea and Bea were hard to miss because they looked like twin uber-models. They wore designer clothes that were skin tight with glittery accessories and their long hair must have looked like crude oil, black and shiny and rich. They looked like they were going to a New York nightclub. There had been five or six other kids in the classroom when one of the twins posed this question in a surprisingly mature voice. All of students answered in unison but Valerie added, "Amy is the main one."
By the time the lunch bell rang, the dynamics at Westfield had changed. Supposedly, one of the twins had been in the lunchroom in Amy's seat kissing her boyfriend, Mack, the hottest guy in town. Twin #2 started terrorizing the other leaves of the Clovers. While the details were fuzzy, most kids believed that Brea and Bea had somehow managed to get three of the girls expelled. Meshel and Beth never came back. After one week, Amy was gone--enrolled in a charter school, some kids said.
Ridley was the only one who stayed. She kept to the shadows by playing soccer and nothing else. She quit the parties and her friends--former friends. Ridley literally showed up and left each school day without most people noticing her at all. Valerie noticed her because although she had disliked her least of all, she still disliked her. Seeing the girl with no image, no life, made her happy. It didn't hurt that Bree and Bea were Valerie's best friends, so it must have felt like an ice pick to the dead girl's eye when they made eye contact. Ridley was basically considered to be dead, murdered on the battlefield of teen life.
It was cool how they had become friends. Valerie had been so excited about they way the BBs had shaken up the school, she just figured the best thing she could do was stay out of their way and let them continue. She normally walked home from school, although random guys had recently been offering to drive her home. That first day the BBs had come, they drove up behind her while she was walking and offered her a ride. The twins were cruising in a car Valerie had never heard of before but soon came to call the McLaren. It was blood red and the only other word she could come up with to describe it was amazing. Valerie had been hanging with the girls ever since then. It was free clothes, shoes, phones and whatever she wanted. It was like a dream.
Valerie had been poised for greatness. Bree and Bea had come at the perfect time. Valerie had just lost 25 pounds that summer without losing her best features on the top and the bottom, she had taken the babysitting money she'd been saving for three years and bought some designer clothes and shoes, and she'd spent the entire school year flirting with Mack's best friend, Chris. Valerie had been making real progress, she knew it, but Beth had been standing in the way. In fact, Beth and Meshel had both been blocking her, since it seemed that the two girls shared him. With Beth and Meshel banished to wherever Bree and Bea had sent them, Valerie could have her cake and eat it too. She and Chris had shared three weeks of official bf/gf bliss.
Brea and Bea were Saudi rich with non-existent parents. They lived in a gigantic house on the edge of town with absolutely no parental guidance. During the nine weeks they had been around, they had thrown a party at their lavish place every weekend. Valerie had never done any partying before but she was pretty sure their parties were the best ever. They had pulled out all the stops planning for the New Year's party, hiring a major musician to perform live and literally spending millions of dollars.
Where were the adults? They weren't just missing from the BBs home, they were missing from their lives, from their world. No one seemed to see anything they did. Their fashion sense violated every part of the school dress code. Neither one of them could produce a driver's license or any ID. They were clearly a case for CPS but they did whatever they wanted. When Valerie was with them, the same was true. She could say and do anything and no one seemed to notice. Increasingly, this was even true when she wasn't with them. The Westfield kids bowed down to her now that sports were out and Hollywood was in, so did the teachers and her own parents practically fell into a state of denial.
It was only on Sunday afternoons when Valerie would wake up feeling sick and sometimes in pain that she would wonder how everything had happened so fast. She thought she might have to stop for a while and check into some place for rehabilitation. She thought the BBs might be willing to pay for it so that she could keep her parents from knowing. How could she go away for weeks on end without them questioning it? She didn't know. She would figure it out after New Year’s. She would go and party her brains out with Chris and the BBs and then she would get back on track. 
*****
Valerie woke up and found herself on the floor of Bree and Bea's five car garage. Her clothes were hanging off of her and her head was swimming. Only the spotlight that shined down on the McLaren, which was missing, was on and Valerie was right under it. Bree or Bea was standing at the door into the house in jeans. Valerie was still wearing the Valentino dress she had bought--the BBs had bought for her--for the New Years party. The dress must have been ruined, she thought. She coughed twice and then threw up. Something large came out of her throat, like an entire wedge of fruit or a half of a cookie. She didn't want to know what it was.
"Val? You okay?"
Valerie managed to get onto her knees. How she always ended up trashed and they always ended up dainty, she could never figure out.
"Let me help you," she sad, whoever she was, but a scream soon followed.
"What?" Valerie said with a hoarse voice.
"Uh, what happened?"
"What?"
"What did you do, Valerie?"
"Huh?"
The lights came on and flooded the place. Valerie had to shield her eyes and cover her exposed body. She could feel herself edging closer to tears.
"Can't you turn the light off?" Valerie croaked. "I can't see with the light on."
"Did you kill him?" Valerie heard the girl say.
Valerie felt her stomach lurch. She tried to look through her fingers to see what it was. There was a body on the ground, a man's body. Valerie threw up again. 
*****
The girls went inside of the house, leaving the unmoving body on the floor of the garage. Valerie stepped shakily up the spiraling staircase with her friend's arms around her. Valerie sat down under a hot stream of water in the shower and went from crying to puking until she dragged herself out and pulled on the red kimono that was hanging in the vanity cove. Valerie could see herself from three angles and no matter where she looked, it was a terrible sight.
Valerie sat down on the bed next to the twin who looked at her with a mixture of concern and impatience. Then again, the twins always had a look of something mixed with impatience. She asked Valerie what happened but the room was silent.
"I have to turn myself in," Valerie said finally.
"What are you talking about? Why?"
Valerie closed her eyes and saw flashes of whatever had happened. She remembered kicking him. She remembered hitting him with something hard. In spite of those memories, she had no idea who the guy was or what had happened.
"Because I did it."
"Famous last words," the twin said. "What does that have to do with anything anyway?"
"What choice do I have?"
The twin's head fell to the left and her raven hair fell across her face. Valerie watched her like a hawk.
"What if I told you there is somewhere else you could go where you wouldn't have to worry about any of this?"
Of course, the twin, Bree or Bea, had Valerie's attention locked. There was no telling what Valerie might be facing as a drug-addicted, alcoholic teenage murderer. If there was any other option, she certainly wanted to hear it. What the twin told her, however, was hard to swallow. It took the other twin, who turned out to be Bea, returning to the house and confirming Bree's story. This is what Bree told Valerie.
Bree told Valerie that she was from the future but she explained that the future isn't what people think it is. Time, she explained, doesn't flow in a line with the past on one side of the present and the future on the other side. Time consists of points on an axis, lots and lots of points.
"The thing is," Bree said, "there is no future here. What has happened, has happened; what will happen will happen and that's all there is to it."
"Here?" Valerie almost asked but she had to fight back more vomit.
"Now, where I am from, the future, something like this has already happened."
Valerie thought she must have been in the middle of a trip, which was a pleasant idea to her since it might mean that the whole murder thing was in her head, but Bree assured her it was true. Bree said that different versions of the past, present and future were happening all the time in different universes, but in each universe, there was only the present. She said that they had figured all of this out already in her universe. She thought they had probably figured this out in Valerie's universe as well. If they hadn't, they would soon. Bree's universe had been mining Valerie's universe for all kinds of stuff for years. Travel between the two had been restricted but Bree didn't like rules.
"So, you can leave here and go there. You won't have to worry about murder or any of that crap."
Bree clarified something else of extreme importance. She and Bea were not twins. Bree was a visitor while Bea was a native. So, in fact, they were not Bree and Bea. They were Bree and Bree, counterparts of two distinct but similar worlds. Bea smiled as if the game was up and nodded when Valerie had turned to her for confirmation. It made sense. There had been countless times that Valerie had screamed her name with no reply. She had just taken Bea for the dumb one.
"But," Valerie cried, "how is that possible? You two are hanging out together? Isn't that supposed to, like, collapse the universe and kill us all?"
"Uh," one of them said--once they were both on the bed together, Valerie had lost track again, but she knew her name was Bree. "Only if your universe was made in China."
After that, it was set. Valerie would go to future-Bree's universe to escape prosecution and punishment from her parents. Future-Bree said that things weren't very different there, except that it would be summer. Valerie packed up a bunch of Bree's clothes that would fit once she was away from the alcohol and the shock of another world hit her. Deep down, she didn't completely believe it. The two Brees were rich and reckless and very likely suffering from mental illness. Valerie knew it could easily be the case that they were pulling her into their web of madness--deeper into it. The trouble was that she needed to hang on to the hope that there was a way out so she figured that she might as well go along. 
The three of them took off from the gigantic house in the red McLaren.
Some time later, they stopped. Valerie had been in a daze. The ambient music the Brees played hadn't helped. She thought if she heard much more of it, she might go into a waking coma. Thankfully, they stopped and Bree cut the engine off and the constant waves of music reverberated in and around Valerie's head. She had never heard anything like it. It must have been music from the other world, World 1's cousin.
Valerie had been thinking about worlds as she stared and drooled in the back seat of the luxury car. Her thoughts really did not amount to much. She decided that her world, the world she knew, the world they were in, the world she was preparing to leave forever, was World 1. Bree's world--the other Bree--could be World 2. The rest of them could get in line. She thought about what might happen if she did what Other Bree had done. What if she went and found her "self" in World 2 and took her on a road trip? When she considered how things had turned out, not for Bree but for her, she knew she needed to stay as far from Other Valerie as possible. But what would she do? Would she find a high school somewhere and enroll? Would she live on the streets? She was already feeling a tinge of something that was telling her she needed a pick-me-up. She wanted to ask if there was any way that going from World 1 to World 2 might cure addiction.
"Send me a postcard, 'kay?"
That was Bree. The other Bree had gotten out of the car, told them to stay put, told them she had to do something before they could go any farther. She had never told them where exactly they were heading in the first place. 
"Can I do that?" Valerie grumbled.
"I don't know. Probably not."
Bree was playing with her hair and texting someone. The misery Valerie felt increased exponentially.
"Can you tell me something?" she asked. "Someone shows up at your door, someone who looks just like you, tells you they are from the future and asks you to cruise around with them and ... you do it?"
Bree was in the front passenger seat. She looked at Valerie in the side-view mirror.
"Okay, do you see how hot she is? Do you see the clothes she is wearing? Do you see the car she is driving? Any more questions?"
"You never thought she might be crazy?"
"She is crazy, where've you been? But so what? This is the best time I've had in my life." 
Valerie looked down at her hands. She'd had a good time, too, for a while. Bree turned to look at Valerie through the little space between the seat and the door frame.
She continued, "Yeah, I believe there are other worlds. Do you know that she pays cash every month to rent that house? Not like piddly apartment rent or something. Five thousand dollars. Every month. So, maybe she is just some psych patient off her meds but she’s rich. I'm going to ride this all the way. And honestly, you better hope she's telling the truth."
There had been no mention of the dead guy from the time that Bree told Valerie about World 2 until then. Valerie shut her eyes and bit her lip hard enough to break the skin. Then she heard the car door open and close.
"Hey, girls," said Other Bree in a singsong voice as if it was Saturday morning, sunny and perfect, "I brought snacks."
It wasn't much longer, fifteen or twenty minutes, before they were stopped again outside of a warehouse. They got out of the red McLaren. Valerie threw up again. That would be the last time. There was nothing else inside her. Other Bree went inside to "Get it going." Bree and Valerie said their goodbyes.
"Hey, girl, it was fun. Maybe one day, you know--"
She shrugged.
"One day," Valerie said.
One day. One day two girls showed up at her school and changed Valerie's life. Had this happened to other people? Were there people from World 2 hiding out in World 1? Valerie wondered. Why had Other Bree come to World 1 to begin with?
"Bree, did Bree ever tell you why she came here?"
"Not really, I mean ... She wanted to have fun."
Other Bree stood at the gigantic door, holding it open.
"Get your stuff. We're ready. Bree, better stay out here."
Valerie slung the designer weekend bag over her shoulder and went inside of the warehouse. Immediately a strange heat hit her. It wasn't a hot heat so she wasn't sure why she thought it was heat at all but it was. There was also a circulation of air that felt unnatural. Finally, as they went deeper inside, there was a glow of light that Valerie couldn't describe if she tried. It wasn't a color or it was a color she had never seen. She wasn't sure. No matter how crazy Other Bree might have been, it was outside the realm of crazy. It was impossible.
"What do I do?" Valerie asked. Her eyes were fixed on the strange light and the air currents it created caused her hair to float around her head.
Other Bree smiled.
"Walk into it, that's all. It won't hurt."
Valerie hesitated.
"Wait. Maybe I should just turn myself in. I'll tell them that I was high and I didn't know what was going on and maybe he tried to hurt me. You saw how my clothes were. You can be a witness."
Other Bree lost her smile.
"I can't be a witness. I don't really exist in this world so I don't think my testimony would be admissible."
Admissible testimony. Those weren't words that Valerie or Bree or Chris or Mack or the Clovers or any of the kids Valerie could think of used. Valerie was scared and it was the wrong time for her to experience such paranoia. She remembered Ridley for some reason, the girl she hated who had died on the battlefield of teen life. Better to be dead, she thought. Had any of it been worth it?
"Well, then Bree can be a witness. No one will know the difference, like you said. I'll beg for mercy. They'll see how pathetic I am. They'll see how I would do anything for ..."
Valerie was backing toward the warehouse entrance. Things looked different standing next to whatever Valerie had been standing next to. She saw possibilities she had never considered. She hadn't wanted any of the things she had fallen into. She could give it all up. She could change. She could go back to regular life.
"You would do anything for what? The perfect life? You can still have that. Don't be scared."
Bree moved closer to the light.
"It is no big deal. Really."
She stuck her hand into the light. Valerie flinched. Other Bree's hard was cut off almost to the elbow. She pulled back and her arm was whole again.
"Hey, tell you what. I'll go with you. I promise, it's nothing."
Valerie’s breath was heavy. She swallowed hard.
"You will?"
Other Bree went to Valerie and took her by the arm.
"Sure. What are friends for? If I keep this thing running, it might knock out the power systems for a couple hundred miles, so let's do it."
Valerie closed her eyes. When she opened them, there was no light. There was no warehouse. Valerie was lying in the grass and she watched Other Bree stand up and walk away from her. 
No, she thought, she's just Bree now.
I'm the other one.
"Right on time," I hear someone say. A man.
"Can you close it? I don't want anyone else coming through."
That was Bree.
"Anyone else like who? I'm leaving it open. This one is ready."
Valerie sat up. She would need more time to confirm it but she definitely did not feel the need for drugs that had been digging at her. She looked around. It was warm. It hadn't been very cold in World 1 but she could tell that they were now in a different season. She could tell that she was somewhere else even though the bit of grass under her, the dark sky over head and the bright headlights of the vehicle parked about twenty feet ahead of her looked no different from anything she had seen before. Something felt different.
Valerie stood and picked up the weekend bag. Bree and the guy took note of the flickering light.
"Look who it is," the man said but Valerie couldn't see him.
"Valerie," Bree said, moving toward the light. "I told you, right? No biggie."
Valerie's voice was hoarse. "What do I do now?"
"Oh," Bree said breezily. "I would start walking. The road is that way."
She pointed toward a long, dark path.
"What will you do?"
She smiled.
"I'll think of something."
"Come on, Bree," the guy said forcefully. "Let's get this done."
Bree's face changed. Neither Bree had been very patient. This Bree looked like she'd lost every bit she had ever had. Valerie knew she should have stayed on the other side but as usual, she did what she was told. She started walking. She hadn't gotten very far when she heard another voice. A female voice. A voice that sounded very familiar but sounded so anxious that Valerie nearly turned around. What kind of person was Bree? She and the guy with her were having an altercation with a woman in the middle of a wooded area. Valerie shivered. She could only describe that as skanky. And then again, Bree had made it sound as if she had returned to World 2 as a friend to Valerie but the skanky shadow guy had said to her, "Right on time."
Valerie stopped dead in her tracks. What had Bree's response been? She had asked the guy to close whatever door they had come through. Bree wasn't going back to World 1. So, what were they doing?
Valerie turned around. She was far enough that they probably couldn't see her but with the beaming headlights, she could still see them somewhat. They were still fighting with the woman who was barely visible. Then came the bone-chilling scream.
"What did I do?"
Valerie gasped.
I know that voice.
Bree and the girl fought so hard that they fell down in the grass. Valerie could hear the guy laughing. The other woman tried to stand up and Bree tried to pull her down.
"Are you doing to help?" Bree growled.
The guy laughed again.
The other woman managed to get to her feet and the headlight lit her up like a spotlight on a stage. Valerie's view wasn't perfect but a perfect view wasn't necessary. The big ball of light appeared out of nowhere. Valerie felt dizzy seeing it. She felt nauseous but she couldn't turn away. Bree grabbed the woman by the hair, yanked her up off of the ground and swung her into the sphere like a large sack of garbage. The light, the ball, the woman evaporated. Poof.
Valerie took off running.
*****
Valerie had done nothing but party for months but the fanatical exercising she had done in order to lose twenty pounds had left her with some bit of stamina. She made it to the road, afraid that the car would come up behind her and that Bree would grab her by the hair and drag her back to the grassy area, her entry point into World 2. She had taken the weekend bag and slung one strap over each shoulder as she ran. It had been awkward but she made it. She stood at the road, gasping for air and sweating like a pig. She was dressed for cool weather but it was hot.
Valerie looked up and down the road. It was long and there was nowhere to go but there was a vehicle approaching. The glowing headlights took her back to the recent events. The guy on the Brees’ garage floor. The woman in the grass. She backed away from the road.
Had the moon been covered by clouds, Valerie could not imagine how dark it would have been. The car came with a steady speed. What if the car keeps going, Valerie wondered. When will the next one come? Will another one come? While the car was still far enough away, she thought, she should jump up and down in the road. She did this and then ran back to the roadside. She could see that it was a car and it was slowing. Valerie ran to the passenger side window.
"Need some help?" the person said with the window just low enough for the voice to escape.
It was a woman. Probably not Bree, by the sound of the voice.
"Yes, oh thank you," Valerie said, nearly shaking. "My--my car broke down and I just need to get to anywhere, somewhere."
"I didn't see a car," the woman said.
"Uh, no. It's a, uh, dark car and I tried to get it away from the road some."
"Oh, wow, you must have driven in from the mountains. You're still in your coat!"
"Oh, oh, yeah! How crazy! I don't have any money with me for gas or anything but--"
"Money? What money? No, I couldn't leave you out here. There is room in the back for that bag. I can take you into town."
Valerie already felt eased by the friendly conversation. She tried to remind herself that she wasn't in her world and she couldn't know what to expect. She threw the weekend bag onto the back seat and climb into the front seat. She was inside and had her seatbelt on before she ever saw the driver. When she did, she stared.
"Did you see something?" the woman asked, looking around.
Valerie shook her head slowly.
"My name is Ridley, by the way. I'm sorry your car broke down but hopefully someone can bring you out to get it tomorrow."
"Thanks ... Ridley. My name is Va--Veronica."
"Hey, nice to meet you. You should take that coat off. It's only going to get hotter."
They rode for a long while, mostly in silence. Valerie pretended to sleep but she couldn't stop replaying everything in her head. It was a new year, at least in World 1, and so far, she had been tricked by her two best friends, saved by her enemy and she had just watched herself--Other Valerie--being forced through time into World 1 where Bree would be waiting like a fool.

###


Thank you for reading the Fall Collection: Back to School. I hope that you enjoyed it because the Winter Collection will be coming this winter. If you enjoyed this book, please take a moment to give feedback by leaving a review at your favorite retailer.

Please read on for special excerpts from Bonfire of the Vanities: Strike, Rhona's Phoenix and We Are the Future, as well as The Winter Collection: Snow Injections.

Frye Martin 
Bonfire of the Vanities Excerpt
Jill still had no idea what they were doing in the bathroom and Lotti’s face gave nothing away. In truth, she had plenty of time to get to her class. She just felt that she should say something. Also, she hoped that notifying Lotti of the small window of time with which they were dealing would prompt the girl to speak or do something.
“Get to class, you shall,” Lotti said.
Lotti stopped what she was doing and looked at Jill. It was more than a look. It was more like an appraisal.
“Let’s see you,” she said.
Jill just stared back.
“Coat. Off. Now.”
Jill unzipped her coat clumsily. She took it off and squeezed it between her knees.
Dressing that morning, she had gone all out--as far out as was within her reach. The almighty Nikola Hertig had told her, in answer to her question about just what she would have to do in order to bring honor to the Loners crew and have the most ranked-out week ever, that she would have to live and breathe Loner-dom. Naturally, she knew that she would bleed if necessary to ensure that she was covered in red from Monday until Friday. The other necessary item would be the signature one, shades.
Jill had her sunglasses inside her bag. She wasn’t big on wearing them. She hadn’t thought to even pull them out once on the previous Friday. They weren’t up to standard--they weren’t even red--but they were all she had. Then, the accessory that annoyed her even to think about--the cat collar. The entire week would be a waste if Nikola thought that she was neglecting to wear it, she was sure. There it was, bold as anything on her wrist, easily hidden under the coat, but impossible to miss without it. Jill was wearing her mother’s red sweater. It was almost the right size and shape for Jill to wear as a dress. It wasn’t perfect, but Jill had little choice. She’d found some red leggings in her closet, which she wore underneath the sweater. Her red bungee headband, red dangle earrings--also her mother’s--and black flats completed the look. To her surprise and bemusement, the shoes even had red soles.
Lotti tilted her head and puckered her lips.
“Not bad,” she said. “Nikola made it sound as if you’ve never seen the color red.”
Lotti turned to her bag while she said, “I like your thinking, that more is more. But it needs rhyme. It needs reason. Tell a story.”
Jill could but assume that her drowned-in-red approach had not won Lotti’s favor. Other than that, she was lost to the other girl’s meaning.
“What size shoe do you wear?”
“Shoe?”
“Jill, we don’t have time for you to repeat everything I say. Size, please?’
“Six and a half.”
Lotti rolled her eyes and pulled out high-top canvas sneakers in Shades red. She handed them to Jill. Jill took the shoes incredulously. They were still new enough that the size imprint was visible on the tongue of the shoe. They were the right size. Lotti had even thought to stuff a white footie sock into each shoe.
“How did you know?” Jill asked, changing one shoe and tying it and then the other.
“I have a sister in middle school. She’s about your size.” Then, as if suddenly zapped by lightening, “Oh, we are all really tall in my family.”
Jill barely noticed. “What if they’d been the wrong size?”
“You’d have had a long, painful day. It’s the price we pay for beauty. Okay, um. The sweater is okay, but it’s not going to work. I hope that you are wearing your pretty bra.”
Lotti tossed Jill a garment with broad red and black diagonal stripes. Jill saw a hood after unfolding it. She quickly pulled off her mother’s sweater. Her underwear was not at issue since Jill always wore a tank top between the inner and outer layers of clothing. Remarkably well prepared, Lotti handed Jill a large paper tote sack from a local boutique called Attendere. Jill dumped the sweater into it and tried to put the hooded top on, but there were an excessive number of openings and Jill had no idea where to put her arms.
Lotti went to her and fumbled with her until everything was straight. It turned out that the shirt had a loose-fitting tunic-type of shape that hung longer behind than in front but there were slits in the sleeves that exposed Jill’s arms from wrist to shoulder. As a result, Lotti had a perfect view of Nikola’s pet-protector.
“Is that a cat collar?” she asked, but she was immediately interrupted by the opening bathroom door and the chatter of the girls walking inside.
Jill gasped and held her breath. Lotti took one look, glanced heavenward and then returned to the duffel bag. The girls who had just walked in likewise took a couple of seconds to gaze at the two girls inside before snickering and choosing two stalls. The girls were Kiah Huff and D’Lorah Knight, elite members of the Vanities. They looked fabulous in their thigh-high leather boots and they were both wearing their ‘Vanity blues’ as it was called, the navy blue velvet blazer that each of the Gang of Six wore on vaining days. Some envied set of boys and girls would be named the newest Vanities accessories that day. Jill had never made eye contact with any of the G-6 before. Except Contessah. On the day that she was hand-in-hand with Johan.
“Just ignore them,” Lotti said quietly.
Kiah and D’Lorah began chatting across the bathroom stalls. Their voices were loud enough that someone could have heard them while standing outside of the bathroom.
“Fresh meat for Shades, I guess,” one voice said with a slight twang--Kiah.
“That girl? No. Seriously?”
Lotti bit her lip and handed Jill red fingerless gloves and a knit check scarf in beige, black and crimson, which she tied around Jill’s neck.
Kiah: “Well, she must be. She’s wearing the colors and she’s taking fashion advice from harem-girl number one.”
D’Lorah: “Are they taking charity cases now?”
Giggles.
D’Lorah: “I am serious. The V girls are all taken, of course, but is that as good as they can do?”
Kiah: “D-Lo, they can hear us! This bathroom echoes worse than a cave!”
D’Lorah: “Am I really saying anything that anyone wasn’t already wondering?”

Rhona's Phoenix Excerpt
“Are you running away?”
Ioni flinched and looked to her left. It was Lee. Rather than seeming surprised or angry, he looked amused. Ioni looked down at herself in the scarlet dress with her duffel bag and shoes around her. There was no doubt about it. She was trying to make a run for it.
“I am not feeling so well,” she said.
“So you were just going to leave without saying anything?”
I don’t want to disturb the party, she thought about saying. I just need to get out of here right away, she wanted to tell him. She stood up.
“That is your bike over there, isn’t it?” Lee gestured toward the bedroom where Blair had practically cordoned herself off from the house and where Ioni’s bike was propped up. “You aren’t going to try to ride home like that, are you?”
Ioni imagined a mean, old woman riding her bicycle in the sky shortly before getting sucked into a tornado.
“No, obviously. I’m going to change.”
“Don’t change, Ioni.”
Ioni sighed, then smiled.
“You know what I mean. I’m going to change my clothes. You should go back to the party.”
Lee moved closer.
“I’m not going back to the party without you. Do you want to tell me what is going on?”
Ioni looked up at him.
“There’s nothing going on. I have a headache and my stomach is upset and I think I should go home and lay down.”
“You can lay down here. Are you sure that you aren’t just hungry? You barely ate anything. I thought I saw Ben eating off of your plate.”
Ioni laughed at that. He was wearing her down. He was so good at that.
“Come on,” he said. “Let’s go outside.”
He took her hand tentatively, giving her a chance to pull away. She didn’t. He tugged her, not toward the patio, but toward the front door. Ioni’s things were still on the stairs. The party music was audible.
Lee unlocked the front door, opened it and pulled Ioni outside. It was close to night and the air had cooled considerably. Ground lights and lampposts around the property enabled them to see well enough. Lee shut the door.
“Peter said that Rhona is living here now.”
Ioni did not respond.
“Okay, Ioni, talk to me. I’m just going to shut up and let you talk.”
Ioni did not talk. She paced a little. She rubbed her neck.
“Alright, Ioni, I’m just going to say this. I knew that things wouldn’t stay exactly the same over the time that I’ve been gone. I knew that but I’m not sure what I’ve come back to. It seems like people are shutting me out. Even Rhona has--I don’t know. I don’t want you to be one of them. Maybe it is my fault but I want to fix it.”
Ioni took a deep breath.
“I don’t want to shut you out, Lee.”
Lee smiled.
“Good. Don’t shut me out then.”
He sat down on the porch step, then tried to convince Ioni to sit down next to him. She argued that the dress would be ruined. He told her that Rhona would have it laundered and the dress would be forgotten. Ioni didn’t see the point in resisting. Neither the dress, nor the guy, nor the night belonged to her. She sat.
“Now, why would you leave in the middle of your best friend’s party?”
“Things have been very different, Lee.”
“You keep telling me that.”
“It’s just that I haven’t seen her in a while. When--when I saw her …”
Ioni could see Lee out of the corner of her eye. He was watching her intently.
“I don’t know,” Ioni said. “She looked incredible, didn’t she?”
“Yeah, I mean, Rhona was incredible before but, I mean, now she--”
Lee caught himself. He rubbed his chin.
“But, you know, that’s Rhona. You know who else looks incredible tonight?”
Lee answered his own question by bumping his arm against Ioni’s. She rolled her eyes and looked away from him.
“Thanks,” she muttered.
“You sound like you don’t believe me. If you want to know the truth about it, you and Rhona have always been the best-looking girls around. Rhona just gets more attention because she has that classic look and she’s Rhona, you know. You just expect it.”
“Oh, right, and no one expects it from me.”
“It’s a nice surprise,” Lee said in a tone of voice that was like the right chord on a violin.
Ioni felt herself blushing. Lee took her hand again by the fingertips.
“I get it now. Things kind of fell apart when I left but I’m back. Let’s just, let’s just start again.”
Lee would leave at the end of the summer. Peter and Carlo would be off to college as well, although Ioni knew that Carlo would attend the local community college for the first semester, at least. Ioni, Daia and Ben would return to school for their senior year. She shook her head no.
“Why not?” Lee asked.
His voice had changed. She heard that same tone the previous day when he’d said, “You’re so nosy, Ioni.” This time, though, it was even stronger.
“What is it that you aren’t telling me?”
“Lee, did you talk to Rhona very much after you left? Or anyone else?”
Lee pulled his hand away and then splayed his fingers in an explanatory gesture.
“Alright, when I left, I met a bunch of new people, I was in a new place and I didn’t want to spend all my time thinking about Burnet. Then, after a few weeks, I got a little homesick. I called Rhona and we talked a little but then it seemed like she always had something to do. She’d say that she would call me back but she didn’t. I got mad about it. I guess I took it out on all of you. I got a few texts, sent a few--birthdays, Christmas--you know that. Nothing from her though.”
Ioni opened her mouth to speak but Lee spoke first.
“Is there someone else?”
Ioni shrugged. Lee swore.
“You are starting to scare me, you know that?”
Ioni took Lee’s hand in her hands. She didn’t know what else to do.
“We’re all scared.”
We Are the Future Excerpt
“Time Twins: World 2”

The four of them walked from one side of the long hotel to the other, where the dining room was located. Valerie loved the hotel. Practically everything was made from a solid and beautifully finished wood. The dining room contained one long table that seated up to sixteen, and a few smaller tables for groups of three or four. Like Ridley said, there were no lodgers there to eat with them. They sat at a one of the small tables that was in a corner in front of a large picture window and gave a view of serene trees, playing animals and a Rembrandt sky.
Ridley and Chris went into the kitchen to scrounge up food or cook food--Valerie wasn't certain. She didn't care. She was starving. Dane sat across from her and reclined in his seat. The two quietly watched the scene outside the window. Then his phone rang. He glanced at it. He sat up and hunched over the phone. Then, he looked up at Valerie.
“So, Veronica.” He stopped there while he slid his phone back into his pocket. “Veronica, what do you know about time travel?”
Valerie forced herself to keep her eyes on the window, on whatever she had been watching earlier outside of the window. She definitely wasn't watching anything outside of the window any longer. She had to take all of her energy to keep breathing. She could see him in the corner of her eye. His upper body leaned so far toward her that his chest was nearly on the table. 
“Time travel?”
“Yeah,” he shrugged, “you know. Going back in time to the past. Going forward in time to the future. Time travel.”
“Oh, right. Nothing. I mean, nothing but what I've seen in the movies. And those are just silly anyway. Time travel is impossible.”
Dane nodded with a closed-mouth smile painted on his face. He kept his eyes on the table.
“Yeah,” he said. “Yeah. Well, sounded like maybe your car went through time. Chris said they didn't find it up there. Are folks stealing cars off of the tops of mountains now?”
Valerie didn't respond at all. She didn't want to, so she didn't.
“But, then, I thought I heard Ridley telling Chris that you said someone put you out of the car and left you up there. Any truth in that?”
Valerie licked her lips. Dane's questions were beginning to feel like the third degree.
“It's complicated,” she said.
With a laugh, Dane said, “Boy, howdy. Don't I know about complicated.”
He stuck his hand in his jacket pocket and dug around.
“Well, look, I want to ask you something. I'm only going to ask once. Do you know this person?”
Dane whipped out a photo, actually printed on matte photo paper. He laid it on the table. Valerie looked down at it. There was one person in the picture--a female. It was Bree. Valerie stared down at the photo for what seemed like minutes.
“I've seen her,” she said slowly.
“You've seen her? Where have you seen her?”
“On the mountain. I saw her before I came down here.”
“Wow.” Dane snatched up the photo and tapped the edge, thin as a razor, against the table. “What a coincidence. Where--”
The Winter Collection: Snow Injections Excerpt
“Bungalow in the Snow”

Our latest event was called “Bungalow in the Snow.” It thought it had a nice ring to it. My partner didn't think so, but I was the creative brain and he was the puzzle-maker. This was going to be our biggest, best set-up and it would put our little business on the map. Too bad someone got stupid and called the cops.
There are three of us in on it and I know I didn't alert the police. My partner is William Villarreal, AKA Will Real, AKA Willie Wonka. Actually, only I call him Willie Wonka. It is because he is a mad genius and the classic underachieving, brilliant mind. He makes our whole operation possible. The third kid is JaRon Dorsey, AKA Triple B, AKA Tri-B, AKA Big Black Bouncer. He is our protection and the biggest 18 year old God ever created. He does what we tell him and he gets a small cut. Neither of these guys would ever snitch, so who did?
We have a special niche business for adventurous clientele with money to spend. We create escape rooms inside of actual houses where teens--and sometimes adults, too--can come and test their skills. Reasoning, logic, ingenuity, patience--these are all necessities to play this game.
Bungalow in the Snow was meant to be awesome. The house has ten rooms, painstakingly set up by Will and myself over a six week period before the one-night extravaganza. Two rooms are easy, which would allow us to cycle six or more people per hour. Four rooms are challenging--an idiot could get out in 30 minutes. Three rooms are hard, so it would take a minimum of 30 minutes for the average person. One room was impossible, and go figure, someone is still locked in there now.
Will's mathematical, scientifical, philosophical thinking is the trick to all this. He designs these rooms in his sleep. I come in and fancy it up with context, distractions and even booby traps where possible. Our customers love it. The other thing I do--I find the houses. I have special knowledge of local real estate.
Our partnership is the tightest since spaghetti and meatballs. We've been making money hand over fist. This event has gotten us over five thousand dollars to split between us. That is, if we ever see that money.
Everyone is gone except me. As soon as we heard sirens, Tri-B took off. This is part of our agreement. Being so big and black and all, we figure the cops would just shoot him with no questions asked. Will has that slick Latino thing going--also an unlikely favorite with the cops. Then, there is me. I'm small, babyish and no one can tell what I am. If someone has to go down, it would best be me. So, I was walking down the street--not even really near the house--when they snagged me.
"What are you doing out here? Kinda late, isn't it? Do your parents know where you are?" On and on. “We received a call about the house up the street, do you know anything about it?”
"House up the street?" I asked. "Oh, yeah, the one with the Christmas lights?"
"Miss, there are no houses with Christmas lights on this street."
"No wonder I'm so confused," I told them. "I must be on the wrong street!"
They asked to see my ID after I explained that I am 18 years old. I gave it to one of them. I tried to get distance between us. I can't see their faces. I know they are males, though.
"You in school? What school do you go to?" the other one asked.
"Blue. I go to Blue," I answered.
"Yeah, I went to Blue," the other cop said. He was trying to keep things casual, something I took as a good sign.
"Wait a second," the cop with my ID said. "Your name is is Cherries? Cherries Wallace?"
I smiled, like I always do, and corrected him—Sha-Reese.
"From where I'm looking, this is Cherries. Your parents training you for the adult industry?"
The other cop coughed a few times. I started to think he is my only ally.
"Officer, sir, my mother is a very classy lady who doesn't spell very well. Can I go now?"
"No, ma'am. We received a report that someone fitting your description was doing something inside the house up the street. That house is condemned and it is private property."
They made me return to the house with them. The other cop stayed between me and the rude one. It was a short walk back to the dark structure. More police and cars were quickly visible. I started to get nervous.
"We checked all of the rooms," reported someone on the scene. "It's empty. A bunch of scattered stuff from squatters, maybe. One of he doors is locked, though. They haven't gotten into it yet."
That's where I am now, wondering what idiot got himself stuck in the room. I tried to clear everyone out, but I was on the first floor. William had been on the upper level. No one needed to tell me which door was locked. It had to be the impossible room.
A phone rings. I know it is mine. I know the song and I know the caller. It is Will. I hope he made it home and is calling to check on me. I don't know what I will tell him. Probably, I will tell him that we should put off our next event for a few months.
I don't notice until they are crowding around me that the situation has changed. Two more police officers approach with weird looks on their faces. The cop who claimed Blue High still seems to put himself between them and me. I try to look innocent and clueless.
"Miss Wallace, we found a phone in one of the rooms inside the house. One of the officers called out from that phone and your phone rang."
I shake my head. No way Will is inside. "Wow. Some coincidence."
The officer nods. "Good. Let me check it then. We can clear this up real quick."
I sigh and give up my phone. We are always careful, so no incriminating information would be there. The cop took my phone and took one glance at it.
"Miss Wallace, you're going to need to come down to the police station with us."
I start blinking like mad.
"Am I under arrest?"


The Winter Collection: Snow Injections is coming soon!
Coming Titles
Look for more titles from Frye Martin to be published this year. Find more information at http://www.freedomdawnpress.com/gallery

YA

Bonfire of the Vanities: Strike (Available Now!)

Jill’s popular, basketball star brother is dead. A girl is missing. One of the Vanities’ Gang of Six has something going on with Johan Shelby, the hottest guy in school, even though at Arc, that is a crime. Jill nearly gets hit by a bus. 

Jill has no idea how this will change her life, especially when bad boy, Mr. Magic, takes her under his wing for reasons she suspects are no good. She just wants to get through the semester with her sanity and to move past the grief, but what do they want with her and will they let her go without a fight?

We Are the Future (Available Now!)

The future is so rocky, you’ll need a helmet.

Meet the world’s next generation of soldiers, composed of techies, empaths, and seers, as they take their exams before they are unleashed on the world. See how Valerie adjusts to World 2 and tries to get back to World 1. Evenor Partida is poised for greatness and two look for meaning in a pile of grenades.

Frye Martin explores the future in this mind-consuming collection of science fiction stories. We Are the Future includes “Future School,” “Time Twins: World 2,” “The Early Speeches of Evenor Partida,” and “Most are Duds.”

The Winter Collection: Snow Injections

The second of four in the Four Seasons series, The Winter Collection brings a new, icy flavor. These stories are darker, colder and full of suspense.

This wild, winter ride includes the stories “Snow Injections,” “Quarantine the Smoke and Mirrors” and “Bungalow in the Snow.”
Meet the Author
Frye Martin is a new author from Chicago, Illinois with a mission to bring fresh ideas and unique perspectives to her writing. With a background in higher education and library innovation, books have an enormous role in her life. Even more than books, she credits stories in their various forms for sustaining her.

Frye Martin lives in Dallas, Texas where she enjoys unusual weather patterns and interacting with wonderful, interesting, story-worthy people.

Learn more about Frye Martin.
Contact the Author
For more information about Frye Martin, her upcoming books and her works in progress, please use any of the following modes of contact:

Send emails: martinwrote@gmail.com
Follow me on Wordpress
Follow me on Facebook
Follow me on: Twitter
Regularly visit Frye Martin's site

^
