BREAKING THE SCROLL
By Jane Vergara



Copyright © 2014 by Jane Vergara.
All rights reserved. 

You may not copy, distribute, transmit, reproduce or otherwise make available this publication (or any part of it) in any form, or by any means (including without limitation electronic, digital, optical, mechanical, photocopying, printing, recording or otherwise), without the prior written permission of the publisher.  Any person who does any unauthorized act in relation to this publication may be liable to criminal prosecution and civil claims for damages.

Cover Illustration:
Marian Dela Fuente





For God
For All Earthlings






BREAKING THE SCROLL

“In a world where everybody is extraordinary, one with no power will change it all.”


PART 1-Time and Again

Chapter 1 – Lamare Amark

“The world is ruled by McWindStorm Arren, the emperor, who once was my lover.  His power cuts across the entire dominion and the people, the citizens, all bow to honor him.
And my son, Kino, is as he always is, never a citizen of Akea, land of extraordinary powers.”

I wrote the last paragraph in my scroll, listening to the feather pen brushing against the brown, brittle paper, and I felt a growing uneasiness in the pit of my stomach.  I dipped the feather pen in black ink once more and signed my name at the bottom.
The door to the small bedroom I occupy opened and Kino’s face peered through the gap.
“Mom?” he said.
I smiled and was pulled out of my reverie.  “Yes, my little man?”  
“Is it a good time?” he asked.
My smile grew wider.  “Always a good time for you.”
Kino entered the room and pulled another wooden chair close to where I was sitting.  He collapsed on it as though he had something huge to tell me.  But he just sat there and peered at my scroll.
“This isn’t for your eyes, Kino,” I said.
He smiled mischievously and the wide gap between his upper front teeth showed.
“I’m sorry, mom.  I just want to know what it is you’re always writing about.”
“Not this one.  This is only for the emperor to see.”  And it was true.
The scroll in front of me closed another series of events in the coming fortnight for Akea where I, the Royal Scribe, with the ability to weave the future of the dominion, an ever faithful servant of Emperor McWindstorm Arren, prepare to submit my latest manuscript.
“Why do you always write for him?”
“Because it’s my job.  Otherwise, we won’t have anything to eat.”
Kino frowned.  “But I want you to write other stories.  The ones about invisible people that you told me about.”
“Maybe some other time —”
“But you promised,” he insisted.
I pulled my son closer toward me and hugged him.  My chin rested on the top of his head.  
Kino grew taller over the past moon-turn.  He’s now twelve.  Being a short woman, I only have a few inches on him now, but another moon-turn or two will make him taller than I am.
“Come, let’s go outside,” I said and held his hand.  “I’ll tell you another story instead.”
Kino grinned and he walked beside me.
Outside, the two moons Luna and Risa greeted us.  Akeans believed that the moons bring balance to the land and harness our powers.  Sisis, the sun, was beginning to show itself behind a thick cottony lump of clouds.
I sat on a patch of green grass in the front yard and Kino settled beside me.  As a habit, I let him lay his head on my lap.
“Once upon a time, there was a place in Akea called Nivaton.  The people in the land all had the power of invisibility and they roam the forests without being seen,” I started.  Nivaton is a real place in Akea, but the stories I tell my son about the people were all make-believe.  
I stopped because Kino was grinning at me.
“Why?”
“You always start your stories with once upon a time,” he said.
“Because that’s how far ago the stories were,” I argued.
“But it gets old, mom,” he said.
I played with his brown hair, crumpling ringlets of them in the palm of my hands.
“You’re a bloody ass. Do you know that?”
Kino’s eyes widened.  “Your words!  They’re not decent —”
It was my turn to laugh.  I had to bite my lip to stop myself from laughing longer.
Shaking my head, I continued with my story.  With Nivaton, its people, and the adventures that they had.  
Little does my son know that the adventures he believed were too far from reality were actually a little less strange than what I had experienced in my more than three decades of living in Akea.
My mouth opened mechanically and tales of Nivans came out.  But inside my head, I was remembering my own story.  The story that ended with binding Kino’s power.
I paused and tried to blink back the tears that were foreboding.  It happens every time I remember that I was the cause of my son’s unhappiness.
***
The Akea that we know now was once a peaceful land.  But things changed and the land’s history took a turn.
It started with a grape-picker’s son and his name was McWindStorm Arren.  A man and a dreamer. 
Northsam Mendel Amark, my father, used to be the emperor.  His power was charisma and because of this, he won the hearts of the people.  According to my father’s loyal supporters, the empire flourished when he was still the ruler. It led him to believe that he had everything in control.  But my father was not without his faults.  
“Bring him in,” Northsam said.  
The man who was standing beside him nodded slightly and in a booming voice announced, “The emperor wishes to speak to McWindStorm Arren, a grape-picker’s son and a storm-crafter.”
About a dozen soldiers moved forward and when they were about three yards away from Northsam, they parted in the middle, leaving a tall man standing before the emperor.
I was sitting beside my father as my gaze fell upon a man whose hair was the color of the storm clouds.  His eyes were slanted, frightening me, but nonetheless, he’s good-looking in a rugged kind of way.  I could tell that some moon-turns separated us by looking at the hardness that was sculpted in his face.  As though he had seen battles and worn them out.  
The man prostrated in front of us.
“Highest, I am humbled to be afforded this audience,” he said in a cold voice.
Northsam moved forward in his seat.  “Rise, child,” he said.
Wind rose, but his head remained bowed and he did not raise his eyes toward us.  
Northsam was pleased because Wind knew the protocol.  It used to be that no one who was not invited to meet an emperor’s eyes expressly could do so.  Times had changed, but Wind waited for the permission and for that Northsam was delighted.
“Open your mouth only when you know the traditions,” Northsam’s advisor said.
Wind still had his head bowed.  He put his hands on his chest, right hand over the left and began to speak.
“Highest, I am here to submit myself to your eternal rule.  To serve the land.  To use my power only for Akea’s greatness.  And in this premise, to nominate myself as a worthy candidate to the Princess’s hand in marriage.”
My heart thumped inside my chest.  I knew that this was the reason he had come to the palace. At sixteen moon-turns, I was already of marrying age.  And my father had made an announcement all over the land that he was seeking a son-consort.  Over the past months, men came and presented themselves to my father and me.
“What makes McWindStorm Arren believe himself worthy?” 
“A man is not fully a man without being of service to a woman.  My heart, although still innocent from the love of a woman, offers itself to the Princess.”
“And what of your power?” Northsam asked.
“With deep regret, my power shall be offered only to the emperor and to the land.  My power is not mine and it will not be surrendered even to a Princess most worthy.”
Northsam’s eyes lit up.  Wind knew his words, and by far, he seemed to know how to win my father’s approving nod.
Northsam stood up and held out his hand to me.  I was confused but I did as I was instructed to do.
“Come, my child,” he told me.  I stood up and walked beside my father.
“McWindStorm Arren, raise your eyes and meet mine.  For now, I shall present you to my daughter.”
The palace’s receiving area went still and nobody dared to react.  Everybody was watching curiously.  This was the only time that an heir to the throne was a woman and because of that, the ceremony was new to them.  Always, for hundreds of moon-turns, the heir was a man and he’d always claimed a lady in marriage.
But this time around, a man was sought for me.
Wind slowly raised his eyes.  They were solemn and gray.  When his eyes met my father’s, there was a trace of deference.  But when he looked my way, there was a slight change in his eyes that even when I was still young and knew nothing about empires and rulers, and how to rule a land, I believed I saw in Wind’s a claiming over me.  A vow that he would make me his.
A chill ran down my spine and I clutched my father’s hand tighter.  
“Father,” I gasped.
Northsam looked at me and smiled.  He touched my face, “Fear not, my joy.  He is only a man.”
My lips were still trembling when I looked back at Wind.  This time, he had his eyes back to the floor, waiting for the next part of the ceremony that would make him my betrothed.
When the ceremony was over, I tailed after my father to his room.  I caught him as he was drinking wine.
“Ah, my dear Princess wants a word with me,” he chuckled.  I could sense that he was beaming.
“Father, why did you immediately give him your blessing?” I asked.
Northsam sat on his chair that was gilded with diamonds and rubies.
“He is a good man.”
My eyes widened.  “But you don’t even know him!” I protested.
He laughed.
“What makes you think that I, the emperor, don’t know him?”  He sipped on his goblet.  His eyes were peering curiously at me over the rim.
“He only came to you now —” 
He nodded.  “I see.  There are things that maybe, you should know by now,” he paused, considering.  “You are of age.  One day, you’ll be sitting in this place that I occupy.  It’s time I tell you about the world.”
I listened, confused with my father’s words.
“An emperor doesn’t make a decision on impulse.  Except maybe in war.  But all else, everything, is thought of.  Even before I make the announcement over the land, I had all the profiles of citizens checked out.  Wind was a good contender although I didn’t know he would actually want to claim a place in the palace.  I have seen him rise.  He has worked in service to the land for a long time, and his power — ah!  It will bring Akea to even greater heights.”
I watched my father silently.
“Will you pour me wine, child?”
I stood up and took the cask of wine.  Then I carefully refilled his goblet.
“My power is passive.  Charm.  Who would ever think that it’s good enough for an emperor?  Perhaps it would be better on a War General to rouse the soldiers to fight.  But to rule an empire?  It is lacking.  Sometimes, I feel that my power falls short.  You won’t understand it because your power is so — magnificent.
“Wind’s was like your great grandfather’s.  And if the history tells us the truth, when my time passes and rule transfers to you and your betrothed, Akea will attain its zenith once more.”
“I don’t understand —” 
Northsam shook his head.  “I know what’s best for you, my Princess.”  He looked at me with kindly eyes and I knew he wouldn’t tell me anything more.
After a while he said, “If you were the dutiful Princess I believed you to be, what would you do if your emperor asks of you something?”
I choked.  Because not answering the question in the way proprieties dictated would render me rude.  Even the Princess was not excused from showing meekness in front of the emperor regardless if he was her father.
“Heed, father,” I whispered.
Northsam nodded, satisfied with my answer.  He didn’t say a word anymore.  I kissed him on his hand and left.
***
“Mom?” Kino asked.
I realized that he was already sitting beside me and was looking at me concernedly.
“What are you thinking about?  You didn’t even finish the story,” he complained.
I smiled at him to make him think that I was okay.  
“I have a lot of things inside my head,” I said.
“I know that.”
A carriage pulled in front of our cabin.  Two horses were drawing it.
“I should be leaving now,” I said.  “The emperor is waiting for me.”
“Can I come?” Kino asked.
“Not today,” I said.  I don’t want my son to set foot in the palace.  It would be too painful for me to see him treated by the soldiers and servants in the palace as though he was nobody important.  He should have been the heir to the empire; and it twists my heart to know that he will not be able to lay claim over the land.
“But maybe someday?” he pushed.
I smiled weakly.  “Of course.  Someday’s a good day.” I kissed him on the top of his head before I stood up.  It took me only a few minutes to grab the scroll and freshen up before riding the carriage.  Once more, I would meet with my former husband and I found no excitement in that.

Chapter 2 –Lamare Amark

While the carriage slowly took off, I watched through its window my son’s figure that became smaller as the carriage’s wheels turned.  Each creak of the wheel was like the thud in my chest that made me queasy.  I don’t want to meet with Wind. Not ever again.
But it was something I have to endure for as long as I live. 
I yawned because I slept only a few hours as I had to get up early to finish the scrolls.  I tried to control myself from falling asleep because lately, nightmares come to me.  
I tried to shun the memories, but they always came.  And when they do, I crumble even though I had been trained to become a strong ruler.  My vision fogged as I remembered baring my power to Wind.  If I could only turn back time I would have been more careful about revealing it.
***
The betrothal was announced over the land and for several months, orange and blue ribbons were tied to trees that lined the palace’s sidewalks.  Each day, a ribbon would be removed from a tree.  It was a sign that the day of the wedding was getting closer and closer.  
When the last of the ribbons was removed, I wore my best dress and rode a high chair carried by a dozen naked men.  Curtains were draped all over the sedan chair’s posts to cover me, and once I was in front of Wind, he stood up, knelt in front of me and kissed my hands.
“I pledge myself to the Most High Princess of Akea, to be her loving consort.  That I would protect thee.  That her life would come before mine.”
Trumpets blared and we were wed as simply as that.
For Wind though, it didn’t stop there.  He had to prove himself worthier than ever.  
Wind, as the future empress’s consort, was expected to travel all over Akea; and he had to do it in a fortnight.  If he could return in this short time, not even the emperor himself could question his place as my consort.  
Once he returned from his conquest, he would show the proof by revealing in his body the tattoos that were marked by the lords of each land, each one a graphic symbol of the province’s emblem.  
The citizens gathered in the Royal Hall and awaited his return after fourteen days.  As the golden bell beside our land’s flag tolled, we saw Wind riding a sea of clouds, like a god with his ashen hair, and his lean, bronze body naked and covered only with dark tattoos of the fourteen provinces’ emblems that made up Akea.  
On his right shoulder were the rising stars of Lacay islands and opposite were the horsemen in flight of Ameres.  Trailing down his right arm was the double-edged sword of Bulacnin.  His body was a map of all the insignias in our land; the tattoos were the seals that bound the provinces to the empress’s consort.
Wind stepped down from the clouds and the citizens who witnessed the event pulled their shawls tighter because it had gotten unmistakably misty and cold.  The court servant approached him, bowed down before him, and dressed him in red robes.
My father stood proudly, his face beaming.  I could tell what he was thinking — that Wind would make the people bow to him, and there would be assurance that the Amark bloodline would never perish.  
Wind never even looked at me.  He went straight to my father, knelt in front of him, and kissed his hands.  In return, my father took the jar of grape seed oil beside him and poured some over Wind’s head.
“By this you are family, you are who you will become, you are Akea,” he had said, anointing him.  
Wind stood and Northsam embraced him.  Even with the welcoming gesture, Wind’s arms remained hanging limply to his sides, not returning the embrace.  My gut tightened, the old fear strengthened, and I almost summoned the gods to make me disappear.  At that moment of confusion and fear, Wind looked at me and smiled.  And just like that, my worries vanished.  I was completely taken by him.  
Until then, I had forgotten that taking in the family a consort would render him a gift from the emperor.  That the emperor would pass on part of his power to him, to assure the people that his blessing was unconditional.  And Wind’s smile that instantly drew me to him proved that he had gained part of Northsam’s power.  I was charmed.
Wind fixed his gaze on me as he moved to where I was standing.  Right in front of me, I looked up at the man I would only call my husband starting that day.  My lips parted as I waited for him to claim me.  He kissed me and the crowd erupted in cheers.
Akea celebrated for a month, a period which everybody knew would be dedicated to conceiving.  An heir was expected.
Wind and I spent our first days travelling across the land.  Instead of staying in one of the empire’s estates, we settled in common rooms because Wind wanted me to experience the life that he lived before we came to be.  He took me riding clouds and showed me how to make water out of them.  Of course, I could only try because my power was not like his.  With each new trick that he showed me, I giggled like a schoolgirl, amused by the man who would soon hold Akea in his hands with me.  
I knew that I was envied by all the women in our land and sometimes, when women approached him and knelt before him, or called him “My Lord,” a burning sensation would start inside my heart.  I would lock myself inside a room and cry, jealous of the attention the women were giving him.  He’s mine and no other’s; my initial thoughts about him being evil was entirely wiped out of my head.  He knew the world from beyond the outskirts of the palace, and he made me appreciate the beauty of living even more.
Our month together was about to end.  The empire expected us to be back in the palace in a few days, but I wasn’t sure if he had made me pregnant and if an heir would soon be presented all over the land.  I had not been nauseated nor did I have mood swings, which I heard were common with pregnant women.  I was nervous, but he told me that there was no reason to feel that way because I was still young and had all the time in the world to bear an heir.
It was the day before we headed back to the palace in Kanela, Akea’s capital.  We were out in the middle of a brook, hidden by mountains.  We had been kissing when suddenly, he broke it.  
He looked at me intently and asked, “What’s your power?”
“It’s something strange.  I don’t really like to talk about it,” I said. My father forbade me not to share my power with anyone because it was — different — in a good and scary way because if I would will it, I could make Akea mine.  Not that I had to; as the Princess, I was Second to the Throne.  
“I’m sure I won’t find it appalling.”  His lips curved in a smile.  I should have sensed that him being charming was his way to draw the secret out of me.  
Everyone in Akea has powers, but before anyone can fully harness his or her gift, a presentation to the emperor had to be made, acceptance by the emperor consummated, and listing of the name made in the Akean books.  These acts were the very essence of gaining citizenship in the land.  Otherwise, an Akean would just be an unborn, a lost one, or a free farer as some rebels liked to brand themselves.
For Royalty like me, the declaration and presentation of power need not be done.  Being Royalty meant service to the people and in exchange for this lifetime commitment, the non-declaration of one’s power was among our privileges.  Regardless, it was still a choice if we’d like to share what our power was with anyone.
I shook my head, smiling.  I was giddy over my husband’s charms and yet unsure if I could trust him with my power.  
“It wouldn’t interest you, dear husband.”
“Try me.”  His silvery eyes were piercing and eager.  I didn’t know how I could resist him.  When I still didn’t answer, he turned his back to me and walked away, the water rippled as he glided.
I was an idiot to act out on impulse.  I couldn’t have my husband leaving me like that.  I would do anything to keep him beside me because he had taken me captive with his strength, power, and beautiful face.
“Writing,” I shouted.
He stopped and looked at me.
“Whatever I write could happen should I so desire it,” I said.
His eyebrows shot up.  He didn’t believe me.  I thrust a finger up in the air and wrote “Come back to me.”  
As I did, the words glowed like wildfires against the air.  For a few seconds, they remained in air, then the words faded, leaving wisps of smoke as they vanished.  Even I get amazed at how spectacular my power was when in display.  I could write on anything — paper, rock, metal.  Even on water.  
I didn’t have to look his way to know he was walking slowly toward me because the soft ripples of the water told me that he had.  When he was right in front of me, he touched my chin, and I looked up at his face.  He had a smile on but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.  He kissed me as though it was to seal his success in drawing from me a secret, but my body didn’t respond to his touch in the way a wife’s would to her husband.  I shivered and I was scared, but I hid my emotions from him.  
My last thought on that day was that my father had been right.
That was almost fourteen turnings of the moons ago, but I still look back to that time and consider myself accountable for what happened to Akea.
Guilt is all that’s enveloping me now. My life as a Royal Scribe is remarkably different from my life as a Princess a long time ago.  
The carriage will take me to the palace, which used to be my home, but now, it felt like a forsaken dungeon — one so vast that it holds my boy, Kino, the rest of Akeans, and I under the rule of an evil emperor.  With my father gone, I have no ally to bring Akea back to its former glory — back to what it meant long ago to all of us Akeans — freedom.
I looked down and found the scroll lying on my lap.  I held it tightly because it was the only ticket to life that Kino and I have.

Chapter 3 – Kino Amark

I walked all the way to the Akean trading market carrying with me a basket full of wild berries.  Instead of running swiftly like the other boys in Akea do, I’m left with walking or sometimes running a few hundred yards before exhaustion bogs me down.  
The feeling that I don’t belong shouts at me.  Unlike everybody else in Akea, I have no power.  This makes me the subject of my classmates’ taunts — unborn — the tag stings! 
When I was younger, I didn’t care because my mother, Lamare, would spend her entire day with me while she wrote on scrolls that she brought to the palace for the emperor.  Every time she finished, she would teach me how to read and write, and take me to the fields where she would tell amusing stories about invisible people.  She would also teach me how to climb trees.  On other occasions, we would spend the entire afternoon swimming in brooks.
But that time has long passed.  I’m now envious of the other boys my age that would not have any difficulty carrying a basket full of their farms’ produce to wherever they want.  When a cloud of dust would suddenly appear by my side because a boy younger than I was running past, my heart would twist leaving a gash of hurt that not even my mother’s warm embrace could cure.
My mother told me that my ability would manifest when I get older, but it wasn’t true.  Kids younger than I am have displayed powers all around me.  At twelve moon-turns, I should have been blessed already with a power.  We even have a class in school to prepare us for presentation to the palace.  It sucks because I can’t relate to the professor’s lecture.  My classmates, on the other hand, hang onto the professor’s every word.  They were wrapped in excitement over the turning of the moons because the event would culminate in the declaration of their citizenship.  The right to be called an Akean.  
I decided that I wouldn’t go to the palace again to join the Akean Wine Festival, the celebration of the full turning of the moons, the same event where citizens gather in Kanelan Palace for a week-long merriment.  The highlight will be the presentation of the children’s powers to the emperor so that they can be ordained citizens of Akea.  
Randall, my classmate can read a book with its cover closed.  It’s like his eyes can drill through the pages of the book.  Nicola, my neighbor, can plant a seed, tend it, and make a shoot sprout in seconds.  Dorothy can find water during drought.
But me, nothing. Without any power, it looks as if the only time I’ll ever set foot in the palace again will be to deliver crops to the kitchens.
It isn’t easy, especially since my mother told me that I’m Northsam’s, the former emperor’s, grandson.  I didn’t believe her.  If I were who she told me I was, then why weren’t we living in the palace like Royalty were supposed to? And why didn’t any other citizen regard us as such? My mother tried too hard to make me feel better to the point that she had to lie.  But I listened to her stories because they took me to a different place in Akea.  One where my mother and I lived a whole lot better than how we actually fare; and sometimes when you’ve got nothing of much value, dreams were all that’s left.
I counted the wild berries in my basket before I handed them to a dark-skinned man, who looked old enough to be my grandfather.  Beads of sweat covered his forehead.  The old man put twenty-five coins on my palm.  
“Here you go, boy,” he said.
I looked at the coins, surprised but grateful.  They were enough to buy us bread for two days.  “Thanks,” I said.  
I walked away before one of my classmates spots me lingering in the market.  I didn’t like it that they show off what they can do to me just because they can — it makes the tag unborn stick — like a fruit fly dancing around a rotten berry. 
To make matters worse,  Lamare has no power to blow wind to punch the bullies chasing me, or to make the ground rumble underneath them, or to make her words loud enough so that she could shout at all of them.
I walked faster, hiding behind the large boxes of garments and crates of fruits and vegetables in the market.  It’s only a few more yards before I’m out of the market and back in the entry point of the forest to go home.  
Finally, I located the two gigantic trees which were about two hundred meters high with leaves that never fall off even during fall.  They mark the entry to the forest that led to Wawang, my village.  Since these trees were so huge, not even a dozen grown men holding each other’s hands could fully wrap their arms around these trees, and because they were easy to spot, they served as the villagers’ landmark to the trading market.  
I ran toward them, avoiding the paved roads, so that my shoes wouldn’t make much noise.  I breathed in relief as soon as I found myself standing underneath the shade.  
“There he is,” someone shouted behind me.
“I told you today's his market day, or else they’ll starve,” another one said.
Those voices belonged to Conrad Eros and Lima Gotti, the ones who have been bullying me since forever.
I ran even though the effort was futile.  In a few seconds, they would be able to catch up on me.  I was straining my ears, listening to their footsteps, but surprisingly my lone strides were all I heard.  
Suddenly, the land trembled and erupted exactly where I was about to step and I fell.  My face hit the ground first.  That was new.  I didn’t know one of them could do that.
I stood up with bent knees and feet spread several paces apart, ready to fight Conrad and Lima. There was something wet in the corner of my mouth and I tasted blood.  Dust covered the front of my shirt and the coins were scattered all around me.
Conrad and Lima were beside me in a few seconds.  “That’s nice, Lima,” Conrad said.
“I told you I’d show you something new,” Lima said and grinned wickedly.
I was waiting for the punch to hit my stomach, but none came.
“No need to grimace, Kino.  Call it a day,” Lima said.  Then he turned to Conrad and laughed, leaving me standing, staring after their figures.
One day, I’ll show them.  I’ll stop being bullied.
I wiped the blood from my mouth and took extra care not to spill some on my shirt.  I don’t want Lamare to worry.  I looked at my shirt and shook off the dust that had gathered.  
The coins glittered under the sun, which made it easy for me to spot them, but when I counted, to my dismay, I only found eighteen.  I moved over to the bushes, maybe some rolled over there, and I was able to pick up two more.  With only five coins missing, I decided to head on home.
I looked down in front of me and saw a familiar set of footprints on the ground, smaller than mine, with no specific markings to the soles.  These footsteps, I think, belong to the ghosts of Nivaton.  I shivered.
There are stories about Nivaton — apart from those Lamare told me about — that the place is filled with ghosts, and I’m terrified even just hearing about them.  Weirdly though, I see the same set of footsteps wherever I go and it freaks me out.  I didn’t tell Lamare because I didn’t want her to worry.  Do these footsteps belong to Pyper, the ghost I had the misfortune of meeting once?
I have no power, and if ever she or another ghost appears in front of me, the best I can do is run.  That — or cry shamelessly and beg the ghost not to hurt me.

Chapter 4 – Pyper San Diego

It’s different here in the mainland of Akea as opposed to Nivaton.  For one, the people are busy especially in the trading market.  Also, all types of produce may be found here, which was pretty neat because from where I came from, Nivaton, food source was minimal and variety was not a privilege.  
A stall of green apples was right in front of me and I grinned.  My favorite.  I took one and bit on it, tasting the sour and sweet combination of the juice and revelling in the crunchy fruit.  
“Hey!” the peddler shouted.  Then his voice thinned in fear.  “A ghost!”
Other peddlers glanced his way and some of the passers-by gasped, pointing to the apple that I was holding.  
Everybody was looking at the apple with wide eyes.  Oh no, my father will scold me if he learns about this incident.  I made the apple invisible too, and the spectators’ mouths opened at the same time.  It’s so funny that I was tempted to make the apple reappear and turn it invisible again, but I didn’t do it anymore.  
Grinning wider, I moved away from them, careful not to bump against anyone otherwise my identity would be revealed.
I saw the boy Kino — that’s his name — if I remembered correctly.  This time, he’s running away from two other boys who looked to be the same age as he.  I followed him.  I took one last bite of the apple before letting its core roll down the ground.  
The two boys chased him down, and I covered my mouth to silence a moan as I watched them trip Kino with the earth’s sudden eruption.  When Kino fell down, my heart went out to him and from where I was hiding, I almost ran toward him to help.  
But my actions were limited.  All I could do was feel part of his sadness, anger, and frustration.  As he picked up the coins, he didn’t retrieve them all, and I was the culprit.  Did this make me a terrible person? I hoped not.  The coins were so pretty lying on the ground, shining and reflecting the sunlight that I was tempted to pick out a few and keep them for myself.  
When Kino was facing the other boys, I thought that they would clobber him just like the other days so I silently crept beside Kino.  But to my surprise, the bullies left without even touching Kino.  True, the ground that threw him off was harsh, but at least the bullies did not punch him anymore.  
Nivaton is a valley surrounded by four mountains.  Mt. Senan is to its east, Mt.  Anale is to its south, Mt. Golli to its north, and Mt. Ricuss to its west.
The trees in our province are old and our people care for them because each tree can hold a tree house.  The width of a tree is usually about three-to-five grown men wrapping their arms around the trunk allowing us to build our houses on top.  
According to our Elders, when Northsam still ruled Akea, Nivaton was one of its fourteen provinces.  There’s Ameres, Derella, Minnowin, Lacay Islands — and some others that I could no longer recall.  What struck me as weird was that no Akean ever discovered what our powers were.  I kept on asking my father why and he refused to answer until one time, perhaps he got tired of my incessant questioning that he finally relented.  
He told me, “Pyper, it’s an agreement between the oldest bloods — between the emperor and the Elders of Nivaton, now, go and play with your cousins.”  While I didn’t understand his explanation, at least he answered my question.
Nivans have the same power, invisibility.  On the other hand, Akeans have different abilities.  Each one is unique.  Well, sometimes a few of them share the same power too, but that seldom happens.
The Elders said that when Emperor McWindStorm ravaged Akea, he went to our town and was greeted by its silence because everybody hid in their houses out of fear.  He took the Nivans’ silence for hostility so he summoned storms to ravish Nivaton.  There was severe flooding and he thought Nivans died. He left with his throng, declaring Nivaton dead.  But he couldn’t be more wrong.
The tree houses that Nivans built sheltered them from the flood.  The population decreased, true.  Some unlucky ones, who were out gathering food died, but most Nivans survived.  To prevent any further attack from the emperor, they concealed themselves, embracing their heritage; and they were cloaked with invisibility since then.
After the flood, Nivans gathered the dead and placed the bodies at the center of the village.  Then they uttered prayers and burned the bodies.
The smoke couldn’t be concealed, and Nivans overlooked that part.  All they wanted was to give back the dead Nivans to mother Akea, honoring them as they died.  They forgot that the smoke would rise higher than the mountains.  The palace soldiers saw the smoke and took it as a beacon that the town survived and in a span of minutes, the province was once again filled with Palace Soldiers.
McWindStorm brought soldiers by letting them ride the clouds with him.  The others, who came an hour after, were riding horses.  Others still came on foot, but they still managed to get to Nivaton in a short time.  
The Akeans didn’t see Nivans because they turned invisible and hid in their tree houses, waiting for the Palace Soldiers to leave.
When McWindStorm saw what was causing the smoke, maybe he felt compassion inside his evil chest because he struck lightning toward the piles of bodies until nothing was left but skulls and bones.  The flesh was all burnt, leaving just ash.  
Since then Akeans called Nivaton the Ghost Town, and nobody from the province argued.  They saw the power of the emperor and didn’t want to rouse his suspicion about Nivans’ presence.  Because of that unfortunate event, Nivans rarely became visible anymore, even if there were no outlanders in the province.  As moon-turns came and went, they noticed that their skins had gone gray.  The change in skin color could only be attributed to hiding from the sun.  
Many moon-turns later, I was born and this was the Nivaton that welcomed me — the infamous Ghost Town.  
I may be young and to my ears, the stories sounded like mere myths, but I believed all of them.  That’s why carrying Kino’s coins, five of them to be exact, felt like I committed a heinous crime.  One so shameful that wouldn’t be pardoned by our Elders.  Going outside Nivaton was frowned upon.  It could make Akeans suspicious of our existence, and we no longer wanted that.
But Kino — he’s just a boy and I feel sorry for him.  I’m also young, I bet he is about my age, give or take one or two moon-turns, and I can’t do anything to help him no matter how much I may want to.
I didn’t feel warmly toward Kino at first because I was brought up by my parents to hate all Akeans, and after the story that I just shared, who wouldn’t, right?  To me, Akeans are heartless, ruthless, and in all ways, evil.  I even remembered this one time when I drew pictures of them and put horns and tails on their human forms.  That’s how much I despised them.  Until that first time I got the courage to climb down Mt. Riccus, explored the other side of the world, and met Kino.
It was morning and fog still covered the mountains.  I made myself visible for a while, and my gray skin showed.  It’s ugly, but it was something I had to live with.  Mother said that the longer we make ourselves invisible, the paler our skin will become.  So as moon-turns went by, I got grayer.  Whenever I caught sight of myself in mirrors, it’s hard to disagree with them who branded us ghosts because indeed, we looked the part.  Running in the mountains, blending with the forests, turning invisible and then showing ourselves, I think we can even fool ourselves into believing we are actually ghosts.
When I was almost at the bottom of the mountain, I cloaked myself in invisibility.  The rocks were slippery against my sandals, and I fell, lost control of invisibility, and passed out.  
The cold water woke me up and I stared into worried eyes the color of a newly-sprouting leaf.  They belonged to Kino.
“You’ve been out for an hour,” he said.  He rummaged in his rucksack and after finding a tube of ointment, he moved toward me.  He squeezed it and cream oozed out.  He dabbed generously on my left arm.
When his fingers touched me, he tensed.  Perhaps he was thinking that my gray skin would be cold, but then as he continued rubbing cream against my arm, he relaxed.
I was scared that he’s so close to me.  He was an Akean and I didn’t know what could be going on inside his crazy, evil head.
Rule number one – Make people believe you are a ghost.
Rule number two — Never ever speak.  For how can ghosts speak?
These are a few of the Nivan Tenets.  Anybody caught breaking them would face flogging in our town hall, or being locked up in our town dungeons.
“What’s your name?” Kino asked.
I just stared at him and let him tend to my wound.
“Why are you so gray?” 
I didn’t speak, but since I was hurt, I let him tend to me.  
He brushed curly, blond hair away from my face and I flinched.  He laughed softly.  “It’s okay,” he said.
When I still didn’t speak he said, “I’m Kino.  I usually pass by here when I go to the public market to trade.”  He was, perhaps, trying to urge me to talk to him.
Not that I didn’t want to — it just didn’t feel right.  So I sat long enough to wait for him to finish.  I tried to feel my feet and they were okay.  When there was no more blood and instead, a good coating of the cream covered my arm, I stood up and ran away from him.
“Hey,” he shouted after me.  “What’s your name? Where are you from?”
I looked back, wondering if I should give him my name.  It seemed wrong.  But his eyes were so innocent — I didn’t think he would do me any harm.
“Pyper,” I said.  Then I made myself invisible.
I watched as his face paled, horror painting his pretty face as realization dawned on him that he tended to a ghost.
I walked slowly so as not to make any noise.  I needed to make my escape as quietly as possible.  Any twigs breaking or leaves crushing under my feet could make him doubt that I was a ghost.
I thought that was the only time I would break a Nivan rule, but I was wrong.
When I was higher in the mountains, I sat on a patch of green grass, careful not show myself unconsciously, and watched Kino as he picked his rucksack.  He looked once more to the spot where I vanished and then he walked away.  Slowly at first.  Then he sprinted as though a sense of fear overcame him.

Chapter 5 - Lamare Amark

Inside the carriage, my head almost bumped alternately against the ceiling and walls.  The journey was made rough by unpaved streets and rocks littering the roads, making traveling a pain.  I looked out the window and saw the damaged roads.  It used to be better than this, but when Wind became suspicious of plots that could take the empire from him, he started scheming.  He made me write on the scroll countless disasters to strike Akea, and these — the destroyed roads — held witness to each catastrophe.
When Wind took the empire, he had wanted nothing but power.  Akea is slowly dying, its citizens barely keeping up with the disaster he brings.  And today, storm clouds have gathered in the east.  It seems like Wind is not in one of his better moods again.
Until now, I still want to claim Akea.  Although no one remembered who I used to be, I felt that being of Royal blood — of Northsam’s blood — it is my responsibility to do something about the land.  But my friends were long gone.  The supporters of our family were defeated openly in battle if not killed in a plot.  
When terror rose in the chests of the people Wind dealt with, he charmed them, making them lose their ground, and when they were caught off guard, Wind would swoop in, pass current through the wine a lord was drinking, or push one down the palace by a fistful of wind that for no reason blew at such an inopportune time.  When all our family’s allies had started to be wiped out of the map, my suspicion grew.  My father might have hinted it.  Only, Wind was cunning.
Out of the fourteen lords that rule Akea, all were dead in a span of months.  Seven were travelling to the palace to join the Akean Wine festival.  It was an annual event, and everybody was invited to celebrate in the palace.  Farmers, traders, wagon-drivers, fishermen, child-caretaker.  Mothers, fathers, children.  Sometimes, the festival started with contests of who had grown the biggest grapes.  This was followed by a showcase of how wine was made.  
Baskets of grapes would be placed inside a large wooden basin that everyone referred to as the “pool.”  From here, women would enter the pool and dance all throughout the celebration.  They served as entertainment for all of Akea to see.  But that wasn’t all.  
The Wine festival is also where each kid of a certain age will be presented to the emperor for the display of his or her power.  In the center of the palace grounds, a kid would tame a bull with a snap of his fingers.  A flower would bloom by an innocent child’s touch.  The other powers were simple, like jumping really, really high.  There was a young boy I witnessed who can talk very loudly that when he’s done presenting his power, my father laughed and teased him.  
“This boy has a future here in the palace as the town crier.”  And the audience laughed.
After the presentation of the kids, they would register their names in the palace registry, which contained all the names of everyone who ever lived in Akea that were ordained citizenship.  The display of power was what made them truly Akeans, while the chronicling of their names only came as ministerial.
By the time the festivity was over, the ladies dancing in the pool would come out, looking like goddesses in their wet white clothes, which had turned purple during all the dancing.  And there, we would see the grape extract, a liquid of purple haze.  
Everybody gathered around the pool, and from where we stood, the ceremony would begin.
Northsam would instruct the servants to remove whatever residue that still remained in the pool, and once only the liquid was left, he would start with:
“The moons have completed their turns; Akeans have once again been claimed.  With a new set of extraordinary blood, Akea can’t bleed.  Time turns, challenges will be brought upon the land…” 
As he uttered those words, Northsam would begin working on the pool, his arms outstretched, turning in circular motions, directed at the pool.
“We are Akea.  Flesh and blood.  We are different, and we are guided.”
At this point, the parents of the children who had presented themselves would bring their children around the pool.
“By registering your names in the Book, you vow to serve, to use power to no ill will, and to transform —” 
As Northsam repeated the litany of the emperors who ruled Akea before him, he would lift his hands in the air, and thrust them toward the pool, and watch as the purple liquid turned red and into maroon as though the liquid had aged so soon.  
Even after watching the aging of wine for so many moon-turns, the act still brought goose bumps to my skin.  It is the vow that makes up the citizens, and the citizens that make up the land extraordinary, and the extraordinary that makes up Akea.  
“And use power to harness only what’s best for the land.  Like the grapes that are now wine, so have you aged.”  He would look at all the kids gathered around.  “You are Akeans.”
From that point, servants would move forward carrying goblets.  They would dip them in the pool to get wine and pass it onto the children who presented.
After all had drunk, Northsam would continue with, “And now, for the rest of Akeans, the wine is ours to share.”
Cheers would erupt, music would blare, and the celebration would last for as long as there was still wine to consume — usually for an entire week.
It was in this event that seven of the lords did not make it to.
The lords were traveling to the palace, each coming from their provinces with guards escorting them.  But two days into the festival, there was still no word of their whereabouts.  The palace alerted the War Generals, and a search party was formed and deployed all over Akea.
The lords were found, but not in the state we wanted.  
I rode with Wind to get to the spot immediately while my father travelled riding his horse.  Throngs of soldiers followed us.  When we reached the spot, I was horrified.  From up above, I was greeted with the tangles of roots that shot up in the air.  The trees’ leaves were to the ground, branches and trunks smashed against the men’s bodies.  A mess of dried blood covered the ground while putrid scent hovered in the air.
I saw Northsam climbed down his horse and ran to where the bodies lay.  “Tree runners,” he said in agony.
Tree runners were those who have the power to talk to trees.  They had kinship with them, and because of that, they were the only ones allowed to fell a tree.  
In my head, I couldn’t believe that Tree Runners would do all these.  Why? What good would it serve them? The trees were their lives, the sources of their everything.  They wouldn’t waste a considerable number of trees to kill citizens… They were not murderers.
All around, the grounds were littered by holes evidencing the brutality that was committed as trees were forcibly removed.  As I surveyed from above, I realized that something was odd, but I couldn’t quite put a finger to it.  Then it came to me.
The leaves that used to display various hues of meadow looked dried.  Only when I squinted did I realize that they weren’t, but dusts made the leaves appear brittle and dying.  
I knew it wasn’t the Tree runners.  I removed my hands holding my husband’s waist and glanced at his face.  He was calm, his face devoid of emotions.  
Was this beautiful man accountable for our allies’ deaths? 
Wind wisely plotted it out.  He had stirred suspicions when two of our lords died.  One was through the use of lightning, the other pushed by air.  So this time, he used trees.  To those who took one look at the scene, it would seem as if it were the Tree Runners.  But with the way the trees had been callously pulled out, with dusts covering the scene, it could only be air that had done that.  But I kept my mouth shut because there was no proof to my suspicion.  
The Tree Runners were banished from Akea mainland, and they were sent to Sonista where they hid, unable to roam Akea.  Father and Wind agreed that it was a fitting punishment — not to take the Tree Runners’ lives, but to make them suffer for as long as they live by secluding them, untouched by the outside world.
Nine allies dead and five remaining.  How long before all of them are gone? And how long before Northsam follows? And me, how would I fare in Wind’s game?
The deaths ended for a few months.  
I couldn’t face my husband, and I had been terrified of him and of what he could do since then.  I couldn’t tell my father what I believed happened even when the time came that my conscience wouldn’t let me sleep in guilt anymore because Wind was always beside him, learning the craft of leadership or — guarding my father from me.  I didn’t know which.  
I learned to love solitude, and I would ride my horse, Heeler, alone in the woods to escape from my guilt and hide from my fears.  In one of those journeys, I met a Nivan.
His name was Timbukte Lassis.
I had been travelling hard since I left the palace early in the morning, and my skin scorched under the heat of the sun.  I didn’t realize that I wandered away from my usual route.  Instead, I found myself following a pathway under a canopy of trees.  When I reached its end, there was nothing left to be explored; huge trees blocked the view.  I turned away and was about to start galloping back again to the palace when from behind the trees, a flock of birds flew.  I stared at the trees blocking the path.  They were hundreds of meters high making it difficult for me to see what could be hidden behind them.  They stood intimidating me, and I would have turned if I had not heard the soft flow of water from behind them.  I pulled at Heeler and urged my horse to move forward until the trees that blocked the view took us in and I found myself facing a pathway — to where — I didn’t know.  I juggled my memory, remembering images of Akea’s map, but I didn’t recall any mention of this path.  Out of curiosity, I pushed forward until at dusk, I was greeted by Nivaton.  I stared, amazed at the place.  
How the professors described Nivaton was an understatement.  Trees as high as fifty meters littered the place and they held in their wide trunks the tree houses.  The tree houses were big and I marvelled at how they were built.  There were pathways and bridges connecting one tree to another.  Below, there was a span of hundreds of miles of clearing, which I could only surmise was where events were held.  Sort of like a town plaza.  Mountains surrounded Nivaton.
Where could the people be? The Nivans — it would be such a pleasure to meet them finally.  As a Princess, I wasn’t allowed to stray far from the palace without any soldiers trotting at my heels, and the success of discovering this place on my own was overwhelming.
I didn’t know how light could touch this place with everything in it so humongous, but surprisingly, the place was well lit, foliage was excellent, and the breeze that cut through the trees was calming.
I took Heeler near a stump and knotted the ropes to keep her there.  I looked up and was surprised to see that nothing stirred in the houses.  There seemed to be no form of human life.  I continued walking, searching for something.  It felt eerily cold.  And suddenly, I got scared.  I looked back and saw a pair of footsteps trailing after mine.  They were big, and I could only conclude that whoever — or whatever was trailing me could knock me down so very easily.  I ran away, pulling my skirt up until in my rush, I fell, my knees scraping on the ground.  I watched in horror as the pair of footsteps moved closer and stopped right in front of me.
A body started to form out of thin air and I found myself staring into green eyes.  His hair was black and long and his jaw was wide.  He seemed to be reading my thoughts.
“Boo,” he said and smiled.
I screamed and managed to throw pebbles his way, which were the only ones I could grasp from the ground.
He laughed loudly and moved toward me, holding out his hand.
“I’m Timbukte.  Timbukte Lassis.”  He winked as he held out his hand to me.  I hesitated before taking it.  In an easy movement, he hoisted me up my feet.
“Those knee abrasions —”
“Don’t touch me!”
He laughed.  I ran all the way back to Heeler and quickly untied the knots.  I braced myself and rode her.  I was about to trot away when I found Timbukte staring at me.
“It will be dark soon.  Let me take you back to the mainland.”  He said it kindly, yet insistently.  
I looked around, and he was telling the truth.  The moons still reflected some light from the sun.  The trail back to the secret passage that I found earlier could be difficult for me to retrace without illumination, which meant that I would have to go back by climbing Mt. Ricuss and using the entry point in Akea Trading market.
Neither option seemed appealing.
“How will I know I can trust you?” I asked.
From the tree houses, light started to spread.  I looked up and saw images of their residents starting to form.  Like the lights that shone, the Nivans started appearing like magic.  It struck me — invisibility.  What a rare power.  And something they all shared.  That was unheard of in mainland Akea where everybody possessed a power that was almost-always different from the rest of the population.  But here, it’s like they were fruits coming from the same tree.  
Inside my head, I laughed at my own choice of metaphor because indeed, Nivans were hanging from the trees.
I was taken by the place, by its people.  My mouth still hung open in awe.
“You can trust our Head Hunter,” a motherly figure from one of the tree houses said.
I looked at Timbukte who raised his eyebrows at the woman who spoke.
“Head Hunter, she found the secret passage — it is by tradition that whoever finds it on her own has the right to Nivan knowledge.  You may ask her to stay.”
I didn’t understand what she meant.  Confused, I looked back at Timbukte.  
“Please stay as it will be dark soon.”  
Before I could speak, Timbukte walked toward me and in one fluid motion, he had taken my waist and pulled me down from Heeler.
“Come.  That’s my house over there,” he said as he pointed to a house four trees away.
“Can you climb?” 
I’d never done it before; all I was ever good at was riding horses.  I shook my head.
“Not to worry.”  Then he pulled a knot of ropes from overhead and when he was done loosening some of the knots, I saw a ladder hanging in front of us.
“After you,” he said.
I was wearing a skirt and I didn’t want to climb and expose myself to him — I blushed.
As if reading my mind, he quickly added, “I’ll climb ahead and watch out for you.”  Then he did, blending in the tree as if they were one.  
I followed.  In every step I took, he would stop by opposite me, watching out should I fall.  My knees were shaky as I made the final steps that led to the entrance of his house.  I was standing on the veranda when he joined me.
“Come on in,” he said and made his way inside.  I followed.
“Don’t you think it’s scary if all of you could turn invisible and go inside each other’s houses?”  I had wanted to say that theft could be strong in their town, but my father had trained me not to be so rude.  Words are the sharpest weapons, and can kill a spirit — that’s what he always said.  
“No.  We are only invisible to those who don’t have the same power.  But for us who do, we can catch each other.  It’s difficult to explain, but it’s sort of like looking through a glass of water — you can see the other side, but you know that something transparent is blocking your view.”
I imagined what he told me and maybe to untrained eyes like mine, if a Nivan so much as appeared before me — whether or not I saw the sign that someone was there the way Timbukte described — I was pretty sure I would still be caught off guard.
There was nothing different about the way we live except that in this place, the rustles of the wind could be heard clearly, bird melodies hung in the air the entire day, and children playing laughed loudly and gaily.  I told myself that these were the reasons I kept coming back.  Every time I got scared of Wind, I would pack some clothes and ride all the way to Nivaton.  Here, I was met by kind faces, by gentle characters, by a group of people worrying about nothing but what to sing next.
Nivans were song lovers, and when they’re all invisible and they sing together, the place felt ethereal.  Songs would come from everywhere that it became difficult to anyone listening to tell exactly where the melodies were coming from.
I was still young and had never known love so real.  The more I spent time with Timbukte though, the quicker I got acquainted with an unfamiliar emotion, one I never felt with Wind.
With my husband, I would gaze at his face and feel as if I lost all senses — that he could make me do anything he wanted.  That I would heed his words.  That the desire to be close to him was something difficult for me to fight even with my guilt and worries. But when he’s angry, when his charisma wasn’t working, I would find myself shaken, manipulated at the thought that I was in love.  
Slowly, I began withdrawing from Wind, but he was like a magnet that drew me closer and closer to him.  Every time.  If I should find him with another woman, I’d holler like a madwoman.  Inside my heart, I searched for the source of my feelings for him and found nothing but awe.  The man that I wed was most desired, feared, and respected, and I was the one he chose.  Pride made me care for him and the fact that I was envied sealed my marriage.  Elation was indeed sometimes more powerful than yearning.
It was different with Timbukte.  Each time I ran away from home, it felt odd that galloping in my horse made me feel like surrendering to my heart.  With each flight, I distanced myself from Wind and brought myself closer to the Nivan.  
Having grown in the palace and attended to by servants — from the food that I would eat for the day, to the oil that would be used after my bath, to the tiniest details like who would stay up to powder my ankle — I never had to worry about these things.  
In Nivaton, I realized that the only one I want to do all of these for me was Timbukte.  Let me correct that — these things need not be done.  With him, a smile was all I needed.  
The carriage that I’m riding came to a stop, and I found myself hugging the scroll to my chest.  Back to my reality now, all memories of the past were dampened once more by my fear at seeing Wind.  I looked outside and stared at the imposing palace.  Nothing much has changed except for the usual wearing of the walls.  To the right side, the golden bell and its post stood.  Decorative trees still lined up the sidewalks, and the grass covering the entire yard was carefully trimmed.  
Soldiers patrolled the palace grounds and a stretch of citizens were lined up to seek an audience with Wind.  They were being hustled inside so as to avoid crowding the streets.  I looked at the faces of the citizens and felt sorry for them.  Although there were some who looked to be minor lords in the provinces where they came from, most looked like they had not eaten in the past days.  They were dingy and their faces were forlorn.  It broke my heart that there was nothing I could do for them anymore.
The soldier opened the carriage’s door, and I stepped out.  Another fortnight of events written, of things that are to come in Akea.  All memories of the past were gone in an instant as a familiar thudding inside my chest began.  I knew I look scared. I needed to grow courage.  Or let my courage walk me back to the right path so that I could stand for what I believed was right.  
And Kino — 
He was of the right age to be presented as a citizen, and if he didn’t discover his power soon, the humiliation would eat at him.  He never spoke about it — how he felt about being so different.  There had to be a way to release him.  It would come to me, how to break my son free.  
But how and when? 
A solid idea was what I needed.  But with no ally in the land, with every lord fearing Wind and his storms, my son may end up so lifeless in his lifetime.  I knew how he was feeling — or maybe just understood it.  How could I not? We’re in the same place.
Plan.  Fast forward.  Approach the problem with a different strategy.  One that’s so simple and ridiculously spelt out that it would be hidden in its course.  But how?
The palace guards escorted me as I walked the long path to the palace.  Hours will tick slowly while Wind reads my scroll and seals each script, each word, with lightning.  He will burn every line to make it true.  The smoke will eat at my heart, scorching it until it so badly burned that I would no longer feel sorrow over who would be affected by another set of edits in my scroll.
This is usually the moment that I’ll lose control over my emotions and cry, but the moon-turns have taught me now.  Wind liked seeing me weakened.  So this time, I’ll muster with all my courage not to let my eyes dampen.  The hours will be long and how my eyes will sting, but today, as a sign of quiet rebellion, I will not cry.  


Chapter 6 – Dogan Ronda

The long tresses of Lamare’s hair were carefully braided and swayed as she walked toward the palace gates.  Her eyes looked worried and contrasted with the warm weather outside.  For the love of gods, I didn’t understand why she had to clutch tightly against her chest the scroll that she would give the emperor.
“Lamare,” I said and bowed.  “I’ll escort you to the emperor.”
She jerked when she heard me spoke, but she managed to nod her head at me.
As she turned around, I smelled lavender faintly.  If only I were braver, I would have told her how I felt.
I’m a tall man and my shoulders are pretty broad too.  I don’t have a pretty face.  Mine have battle scars, telling my history.  I swag when I walk to cover the limp that a war gave me in the past.  I’m not a pleasant sight, which is why no matter how fierce I am in battle, I can’t friggin’ tell Lamare that I like her — like her enough to be willing to abandon my soldiering job in the palace should she ask — and spend my days with her in that little cottage of hers, together with her son Kino.  But all of these are just in my head, friggin’ daydreams!
Now, Kino is a — he’s different.  I think he has seen twelve moon-turns, and yet, no power has manifested.  I feel for him.  I usually see him alone, or with his fat friend.  The gods only know what his power is.  Anyway, I feel for Kino because despite this huge body of mine, my friggin’ power doesn’t suit me.
I wished the gods had been kinder and had given me a better power, one I could use in wars.  The same for Lamare’s son.  What a shame.
From the corner of my eye, I tried to see the scroll that Lamare was holding.  The material used, the paper, was the same as what she always used on the scrolls she kept bringing the emperor.  The paper had a dark brown tinge and looked brittle and crumbling.  
I knew that each of us had a fetish distinct from another’s, but I still found it friggin’ odd that the emperor’s was to have stories written for him.  For entertainment, I supposed.  But if that’s the purpose, why doesn’t he just hire a court bard? At least the fun would be shared by many.  The emperor receives the scroll personally, and what’s written on it is never read out loud.  Maybe it’s such a beautiful story, a friggin’ love story of sorts, or a scheme in politicking. That’s why when the emperor reads it, I have to stand guard to ensure he will not be disturbed.  Why all the friggin’ secrecy? 
Well — if I were the emperor, I would be ashamed to be found out inside the chamber reading a sappy love story I made a beautiful woman write — just the thought is hilarious already!  Or in case it was politicking strategies, I wouldn’t want anybody in the palace to know about it.  I’d like to think it’s the second one.
When the emperor reads the scroll, Lamare will sit a few yards across him where from my position I’ll watch her visibly shaking.  Today, I noticed that her shoulders are stiffer than the usual.  That pretty face of hers is held high as if inviting trouble.  If she tilts her chin any higher I’m afraid she will not see where she’ll be going anymore, and she might probably trip — 
“Oops —” I moved forward to catch Lamare but my damn leg prevented me from reaching her faster.  I should have this knee healed.  She lay sprawled across the floor, looking shocked and trembling like a little child as she tried to stand up.  I offered my hand.  She looked up at me once before taking it.
“Are you okay?”
“Yes — I’m sorry for the trouble,” she said hastily as she bent to gather the scroll.
The ribbon holding the scroll loosened when Lamare slipped, and now, I’m looking at it stretched out in front of us like a brown carpet against the palace’s marble floors.  It was long, maybe two to three yards or somewhere in between.  I never gave it much thought, that the story could be unusually long.
“Let me,” I said as I walked briskly toward the end of the scroll.
I didn’t intend to read it, but I saw the last line.  I shrugged it off.  It merely said that Kino is as he always was, never a citizen of Akea… What? Well, he’s still young to be presented for citizenship… I don’t think it’s a fitting ending to a story, but apparently, the emperor thinks differently because he keeps on asking Lamare to come back with her stories.
“Please, don’t touch the scroll,” Lamare said, her voice shaking.
I almost pitied her.  She seemed to be disturbed about the fact that I could have read parts of her story.
“No, it’s nothing.  Let me help —” 
I was halfway rolling the scroll when my eyes caught sight of a few lines that said there would be a huge flood in Derella, the province where I came from.  
My hands froze, but my eyes skimmed the rest of the sentences.  Derella will suffer from flood for four days until aid comes from the palace.  Lives will be saved, but there will be lives lost in the process…
I didn’t get to continue because Lamare pulled at the scroll, and I felt ashamed for having read a part of the story meant only for the eyes of the emperor.  She was bent beside me as she took the scroll away.  I was gazing at her eyes, and immediately, the flood in Derella, the lives lost, flew from my mind.  At that moment, all I could think of was how delightful it must be to kiss her.  That is if I want to make her more scared than she already is.  Instead, I smiled at her, showing off my teeth stained with tobacco.  Gods, I hate myself for being so friggin’ ugly! Maybe I should stop puffing on tobacco; at least I could free myself from the stench.
“I’m sorry, Lamare.  Here you go,” I said, handing her the scroll.
“It’s okay.  It was an accident,” she said.  Her other hand flew over her skirt to straighten it as she stood up.
We started walking again toward the chambers where the emperor was waiting.
“That’s quite a long story you wrote — Derella, the flood — I wish I read more,” I tried to make conversation.
Lamare turned to look at me, her mouth was hanging open.  Then she shut it close and started walking faster.
“You did not see anything I had written!”
“Why? Is it forbidden?”
“No! It’s just that — you can’t tell anybody about what you read —”
“Hey, it’s nothing.  I think you’re a talented writer, even if I only glimpsed a little —” 
I didn’t get to finish what I was about to say because her slight frame shoved me, pinning me against a wall.  The scroll was thrust up my chin like a friggin’ knife.  I was so shocked and amused at the same time by what she did that I just stared at her.  
“Please promise me, you won’t tell a soul about the incident — that I slipped, and you saw —”  
If this were a love story, I would have ended up kissing the girl of my dreams.  Only, in love stories, the protagonist will at least have a pretty face.  But I was sorely tempted.  She is so tiny — as in miniscule — compared to my humongous body.  And here she is, man-handling me to make me promise not to tell.  If I so much as flick my finger, I can send her tumbling across the hall.  The thought was so amusing that instead of answering her, I roared with laughter.  It was throaty, and the sound that I made rumbled.  Gods, even the sound that I made was also friggin’ horrendous.  
Lamare stepped back, and I heard her breathe out heavily.  “Please, promise me, Dogan,” she said.
I opened my eyes and stopped laughing.  She knows my name.  She actually knows my name!
“Yes.  I promise,” I said eagerly.
Then she turned away from me and walked toward the large, wooden door to the emperor’s chambers.  No matter how heavy I am, I walked floating in the air after her.  For my hideous face, for all the ugliness that I have, they didn’t matter.  Because she friggin’ knew my name.  The two syllable word that left her mouth and touched my hearing left me all the more taken by her charms.  I swear I will do anything to make her happy.
I smiled more widely this time, no longer caring if my stained teeth would show.

Chapter 7 – McWindStorm Arren

Lamare — the only woman I ever feared — used to fear.  I squinted at her, to make myself intimidating.  My tattoos give me that already but with her, I have to exude more.
She walked toward me, and even though we are no longer together, her beauty still mesmerizes me.  True, I had not been in love with her, but it was impossible not to be fascinated by her brown translucent eyes framed with dark lashes, the soft flow of her long braided brown hair, and her skin that seems to emit a sort of faint glow.  I swear, even in the darkest of the nights, when we were still together, I could see the traces of her naked body as she lay beside me as though the two moons in Akea, Luna and Risa, found their peace at night beneath her skin.  
Lamare bowed when she was a few yards away from the throne, forehead almost touching the floor, her skirts gathering around her like a blooming flower and her right arm outstretched to hand me her dues — the scroll for the coming fortnight.  I stood up from the throne and stepped down, taking the scroll harshly from her, almost yanking them out of her hand.  I can’t let her see any sign of weakness.  I am McWindStorm Arren.  The emperor of Akea.  The one who survived her father.
Dogan, that ugly man, stood by his post.  He was looking at her too, probably wondering what Lamare and I were up to, but I ignored him as he was just one of my guards, one with so hideous a power fit only for a child.  The only reason I took him as palace guard was his brawn.  He had a huge body that could cover mine fully.  I’m only human too and an arrow can kill me easily, but with Dogan blocking the view, I’m sure my life will be spared, just like in the past. 
Every citizen has a place in Akea, and if this ugly man’s duty is to take twenty arrows and still stand up to fight to protect me, then so be it.  My life is far too valuable.  Besides, in case he dies, nobody will ever miss him.  He is so ugly that I think even his mother will cringe at the sight of him.
“Stand up, Lamare,” I said coldly.  I used to school my voice to sound like it’s coated with ice, but I noticed that the more storms I brought, the more catastrophes I devoured Akea with, the more the cold tone became natural as though my voice had always sounded this way.
Lamare struggled standing up.  Her face may have taken on a stoic expression, but I can see past those clouded veils of her eyes — after all this time, she is still afraid of me.  Which is good.  What I need.  Because she can’t know that I feared her from a long time ago, when I knew that had she willed it in the past, she could have killed me easily.
I glanced outside the chamber's window and saw the bigger moon, Luna, perfectly fit it as though hanging on a frame, and the artist had been careful about symmetry.  I knew then that it's nearly midday.  The sun's heat penetrated the thick palace walls, and even with the coldness that made my heart pump faster, the heat touched me too, and perspiration coursed down my back.
I went to the throne and sat.  I couldn't falter.  I opened the scroll, and the sound of brittle paper like it was on the verge of breaking filled my ears.  I started reading her graceful scripts, examining each turn of event in the next days.  Carefully imagining each scene and how they would play out in Akea's history, and how it was swayed to my favor as I instructed.
The first line took my attention immediately, but I glanced up as I sense I was being watched and I caught Lamare’s eyes.  I stared at her, but she held my gaze until perhaps, she couldn't take it anymore.  She looked down on her lap toward her entwined, dainty fingers.
She held my gaze for seconds longer, and my heart thumped louder inside my chest.  I think she’s growing courage.  I will have to do something about it.
***
Memories.  I remembered them from more than a decade ago.  When I was so cold and distant from the world, when I was barely a man, and when all I could think of was how to make Akea mine.  
Northsam was the previous emperor.  Lamare was the beautiful Princess.  The emperor’s charisma almost overthrew my attempts to rise to power, but I figured out a way to outwit Northsam.  It was true what the Elders said, the better man wins — always.  
The plotting was skilfully made because I was master of my craft, but I think if I could do it again, I would have made something different.  I would have killed Kino in an instant regardless of the negotiation I had with Lamare.  I would have shut my ears to her pleading.  Sparing Kino’s life worries me constantly because should he manifest power, my rule could be in peril.  A rebellion may spark, and sparks may turn into fire that not even the storms that I create can douse.  I saw it happen, a brief glimpse into the future.  That’s why I had to be sure Kino remains without power.
Minnowin was my province, the place where my father raised me.  Across the land, there were farmlands and vineyards.  Farming was the main source of income, but my father’s power is limited, it’s even flawed.  What he can do is make the land dry, and how will that ever assist a farmer? All farmlands closed their gates on him, the landowners feared that one mistake from him could eradicate a season’s harvest, and with that, our chance to at least live decently and not on scraps of food was taken away from us.  
My father went to the vineyards instead and waited outside the gates every day to be selected as a grape-picker.  His power would not compromise grape picking, and that was the only job he ever had.  
When I was eight, my mother ran away because my father could not bring enough food to our house — at least that’s what I believed.  My mother being the noblewoman that she was didn’t have the patience or the strength of character to give our family a chance.  Perhaps she detested the life we had.  
I was sitting in front of our house, waiting for my parents to return.  The dark sky stretched across the horizon and my father walked dragging his feet toward me.
“C’mere, boy,” he said.
I scooted closer to him and he took my hand.  “Papa…”
“No stories tonight, my boy.  I’m tired.”
“I don’t want a story.  I want…”
Father looked at me.  “What?”
“I want Mama,” I said.  
Father fell silent and released my hand.  “She’s not coming back.”
“But why?  She said she loved me!” 
“Go inside and sleep.  It’s already late,” father commanded.
“But —”
“Go inside, Wind.”  
I went inside with slumped shoulders.  Mother never did come back.  That was when I got acquainted with a new kind of emotion.  I thought it was desperation, the kind that one feels when it’s difficult to explain what happened, and yet the longing to relive whatever it was that had been lost was so great.  But then eventually it wore off, and I became indifferent.  It didn’t matter anymore if my mother would come back.  Her act betrayed us — there was no explanation that could make me love her again.  
Later on I found out I was wrong, I had not been indifferent.  I was loathing the memory of my mother.  The emotion lingered inside me while I was growing up, and at times, I found myself losing control over my power.  What’s worse was that I stopped minding losing control because it’s during the time of full surrender to my rage that I felt myself the strongest.
When I was old enough to help my father, he took me to one of the vineyards that he worked for.  It was there that I saw how difficult life would be ahead of us.  The Wine Lord, that’s how the owner of the vineyard was addressed, walked around, sipping on his wine glass while everywhere, people of our ranks sweated profusely to earn a few coins.  Being grape-pickers didn’t suit us.  I wanted to complain to Papa, but when I glanced at his face I found an emotion I couldn’t define — a kind of determination chiselled in his hardened face.  So I looked elsewhere, embarrassed about my thoughts for wanting something better.
My mother had been gone from our lives for more than four turnings of the moon already and during that time, I never saw my father cry.  Perhaps he had been trying to protect me by acting strong so that I didn’t have to worry.  He was an honorable man for trying to be an exemplary model to me, but even such man could still have his lapses.  
It was hot, the way it felt when both Luna and Risa reflected back Sisis’s heat in Akea.  I told my father that I would go to the other portion of the vineyard where I spotted fewer grape-pickers, which meant that it’s a chance for me to fill more baskets with grapes.  I already had three full baskets in front of me when I heard a commotion from the part of the vineyard where I left my father.  The crowd was yelling.  I stopped what I was doing and ran all the way back and saw my father in the middle of the vineyard.  All around him, the grapevines’ posts were slanted and sticking out from the ground.  The land was as dry as a slave’s scalp.  
“You! Get out!”  Lucca Arindola, the landlord yelled at father.  He was a thick man, with beard so long it touched his chest.  He raised his hand and hit father on the cheek.  It was a strong slap because father’s head twisted and I caught my breath, afraid that he would fall down unconscious.
“I’m sorry.  It all happened so fast.  The land — it dried up.  It’s not like I wanted to destroy it,” father said in a guttural voice.
“And yet you did you insufferable maggot!”  The Wine Lord hit him again.
That was the moment that my heart broke.  We were poor, but we were not useless, not slaves that anyone could order around to do his or her whims.  Not that low.  Never.
I ran toward the Wine Lord and pushed him and was surprised when he went tumbling several yards until his body was blocked by a stump.
The crowd shifted their gazes from the Wine Lord to father, and then to me.  The Wine Lord gazed at me with fury in his eyes.
“Out!” he yelled.
“No, master, please don’t,” father begged as he moved in front of me to protect me.
The Wine Lord slapped father again, and he started crying.
“Please,” I said.  “I apologize.”
“That attitude? Huh?” He leered at me.  “You pushed me and by saying sorry in that tone, what do you expect — for me to give back your jobs?”
I had no control over my power then but the heavens must have bled with me.  Unknowingly, while my eyes were still closed, I hummed.  It was soft, and I felt the wind respond, pressing against my body.  The clouds started to gather above.
“Wind, no!” father shouted, pulling at my arm.
The other grape-pickers around us kept silent, wanting to know what would happen next.  Lucca’s bodyguards moved forward, unsheathing their swords.  Then Lucca squeezed past through them and pushed father.  
I felt a sting crisscross my chest as Lucca’s whip hit me.  I lost control — I stopped humming and fed rage to my heart.  This man had no compassion.
I had to be cold.  I ignored the sounds that came out from one mouth to the next murmuring across the vineyard, the gushes of the onlookers, and the incessant curses of the Wine Lord.  Then it happened.  Coldness I had never felt as strongly before overwhelmed me.  I opened my eyes and lightning flashed from the sky, shooting down to the vineyard, barely missing the Wine Lord.  The lightning sent the ground shooting upward, and I fell backward on the impact.  Lucca fell back too.  He was gawking at me with eyes that were almost popping from their sockets.  Everybody around me was hugging, shock painting their faces.
“Wind, please,” my father begged.  “Don’t destroy them —”
His words didn’t make me melt and I laughed at his futile attempt to control me.  I was roaring with laughter, feeling the power inside my chest, rage boiling in my veins when suddenly, I felt calmness overtook me.  It was a warm, fuzzy feeling that started in my gut and spread up my chest, and then down my veins, reaching my fingertips and toes.  I looked up in the sky and summoned lightning, but it did not come.  
Confused, I searched in my heart for the feeling of loathing, but there was none — I was empty inside.  Strange.  I didn’t know how my hatred, anger and fear left me so soon and instead, there was peace.  It was a different feeling, one I was not so accustomed to.  I never realized how letting go of my usual emotions could feel so — relaxing.
All around me, the people seemed as confused as I was.  They had their wide eyes fixed on me as though I belonged to a freak show.  Or maybe what their eyes registered was not judgment but fear.  I couldn’t really tell.  
From the middle of the crowd, a lady with black hair stood out.  My gaze lingered on her face, not only because it was beautiful but also because she was the only one whose eyes were unreadable.  
I pictured my father as he was beaten by the Wine Lord again and again inside my head, and slowly, the storm that was lost inside my chest started to come to life.  I gazed at the lovely woman one more time, and I felt oddly calmer.  She still had on a stoic face — a serene mask.
I surprised myself that when I lifted my hands up, it wasn’t to call out lightning.  Instead, I slowly fanned out my arms, willing rain to fall to the ground.
Water started pouring slowly and touched the aridity that my father had caused.  The vines quickly responded to the rain, absorbing the nourishment that I was bringing.  In a span of minutes, I could swear the leaves became greener than when we first started picking out the grapes.
“Oh my gods! Blessings!”  Lucca said in ecstasy.  “My lad, you will make me rich!”
Words were said to compliment my power.  I didn’t care for any of them.  I was looking at father.  He had been scared for a while, afraid that the turmoil inside my chest would flow out freely because I still had no control over my power.  But now, looking at his eyes, I got an affirmation about what I did.
“You have your jobs back!”  The Wine Lord yelled and the crowd became silent again.  The Wine Lord’s bodyguards sheathed their swords back in the scabbards.
I walked toward father and offered a hand to help him up.  He was jittery on his feet and I had to put my arm on his waist to steady him.
“I don’t need your job.”  
“What? You can’t do that.  This,” the Wine Lord said, extending his hands, gesturing around his vineyard, “is what your power is for.  We can be partners.  Your wage shall increase immediately just do what it was you just showed us.”
“No.”
“Wind, we need the job, at least for a while.  Please consider the Wine Lord’s offer.”
I was at a crossroads.  My father begged me to humble myself in front of the huge man that was the epitome of slavery.  And yet we needed to eat.  Proud as I was, I had to bow down like my father asked of me.  
“Papa, this time I will,” I said slowly, considering.
“Good! Good!”  Lucca said joyously.  “Please kneel to seal our agreement.”
My father fell down on his knees to comply, his hand pulling me down with him while I struggled to keep my ground.
“I will but you have to kneel also,” I said to the Wine Lord.  “To seal that it’s a deal between equals.”  I was nervous as I said the words as it was the first time I negotiated with a powerful man.
“Equals? That’s preposterous!”
I knelt in front of Lucca as he kept on chanting about how rich he was and how we were only servants who were luckily showered with ill-deserved gifts from gods.  Staring at him, I was no longer able to control myself.  I summoned air and shoved it against his back.  He swayed until he lost balance and fell to his knees right in front of us.  His face was a confused mess.
“What the —”
“It is done then,” I said.  In a louder voice, I added, “Partners.”
The crowd around us cheered because they knew that with my strength in power, I could make the vineyard flourish, which only meant that there would be more grapes to pick — more coins for all of them.  One of the onlookers asked my name, and it passed from one mouth to the next until everybody knew who I was.
And that was when it dawned on Lucca that he could no longer contest my terms.  Our deal was sealed by the hundred witnesses chanting my name.
***
After the incident at the vineyard, the lady with black hair and dark eyes that could seem to read what’s going on inside my head approached me and talked to me about learning to control my power. She seemed older than I but not by so much.  
“Has it always been like this?” she asked.
I looked up, shying away from her.  “No, My Lady.”
“Better than this?”
I shook my head.
“Worse?”
I looked up again.  Having sat on the ground made her loom over me, and I felt like I didn’t deserve to be talked to by such a beautiful lady.  “No.”
She laughed, and it was the most soothing sound I ever heard in my life.  Then she sat on the ground beside me.
“I’m Sol,” she said as she extended her hand.
I never felt hands so soft before aside from a faint memory of my mother’s.  “I’m Wind.”
“That’s a fitting name.  It suits you.”  She smiled.
I watched the people around us.  They were busily picking out grapes again as though nothing of real significance happened earlier.  Their fear seemed to be replaced by a buoyant attitude after they learned of my partnership with the Wine Lord.
“Are you from here?” I asked, and then almost forgetting myself, I quickly added, “My Lady.”
She smiled again. I wondered how a woman’s teeth could be so white and perfect.
“No, but I have duties in this land.”
“Oh.  Okay.”
“I think I can teach you how to control your power.”
That made me pause.  No one had ever bothered to talk to me about power in the past.  
“How?” I asked.
“Here.”  She pointed a finger to my chest.  “What’s inside is going to help you control your power.  Don’t think about harnessing its strength yet before you learn to control how to make it stop.  Fear is an obstruction that’s difficult to break through but once you’ve done so, you will be free, more confident to conquer your strength.  You have to control from deep within — from your heart.”
I think I understood a bit of what she was saying to me.  It’s difficult to explain.  But when I’m mad, my rage flows through my veins and it is the rage pumping at my heart that gives me the feeling that I can burn villages using lightning.
“I use it to guide me,” I said, referring to my heart.  “But usually I’m mad at the world to mellow on my ability.”
She looked at me, and I found myself gazing into her dark eyes.  I’m not sure if it’s her face or her black eyes, her serene face or her voice that calmed me down.  Her face was all serenity contrasting with the storm clouds above.
“Let me show you how.”  She moved closer to me, her skirts dragging as she leaned forward and touched my chest.  “Now, close your eyes.”
I did as I was told, and after a few seconds, I felt her warm hands against my chest.  When she was looking at me earlier, I felt peace — an emotion I could put a name to.  But when her hand softly and yet firmly pressed against my chest, my heart thudded in fast rhythms, making me feel weak and unmindful of everybody else — and I didn’t understand any of it.  It was surreal and I was lost.  There was something so calming and so nurturing about Sol that when I opened my eyes and looked up to the sky, the storm clouds were gone.  Instead, Sisis was shining brightly.  On opposite ends of the horizon, Luna and Risa were like two guardians mirroring each other’s movements.  
“You made the storm go away,” said Sol proudly.
I was awed.  I couldn’t believe I just did that.  I could destroy things with my power.  I didn’t know I could reverse the negativities.
“When you’re done admiring what you just did, I could teach you more,” she said.
My mouth was opened widely as I looked at her.  She was serious.  I nodded.
She smiled at me again.  And I caught once more a glimpse of her perfect teeth.  Her dark eyes glittered, and this time, I was able to read past through her serene mask.  She was happy.  And I was — well, I was — in love.
***
Grapes.  And more grapes.  And then barrels, hundreds of them.  Thousands even.  No matter where I turned, I would see them and I would feel proud of what my father and I had achieved.  Papa and I were not yet rich, it was still a distant promise, but we were able to move far away from where we were once slumped.  
During these times, I found comfort with Sol.  I never asked her what her ability was, but I have a pretty good hunch.  I think it had something to do with serenity.  With calmness.  Because no matter how gloomy my mood was, she could make it lighter.
It was another ordinary day at the vineyard, and I looked forward to spending time with Sol.  I watched her from a distance and smiled to myself before moving closer to her.  Her long, curly, black hair was flowing down her back, the ends touching her waist.  She was wearing a white dress that was tight on the waist but loose on all the other parts.  All that’s missing was a crown atop her head, and she could pass for a goddess.  There was a certain tenderness that I feel toward her.  Perhaps she sensed that I was looking at her because right before I reached her, she glanced at me, and a smile painted her face.
“Hi,” she said.
“There’s something that I’m dying to show you.”
Her smile grew wider.  “Is it something you learned by following your heart?”
I nodded.  Then I opened my arms and gathered scoops of air, formed an invisible pair of hands, and lifted her up at the waist.
“Oops!”  She laughed.  
With the invisible pair of hands made from air, I moved her toward me.  
“Put me down.  It’s not funny anymore,” she said.  For a while, she seemed to be concentrating until I realized what she was doing.
“Your power won’t work on me,” I said.  “You see, I’m happy and calm already.”  I spread out my hands and laughed.  Then I let the air that was holding her up vanish, and she fell into my arms.
Sol looked up at me, smiling.  “You shouldn’t do that to me again,” she said, chastising me.
“I thought you’d like it,” I said before adding, “But not as much as you’re going to like what’s going to happen next.”
I had practiced that line inside my head for months.  Being younger than Sol, I was always intimidated by her carefree spirit and her beauty.  But the moment she sat beside me months ago, teaching me about how to control my ability, I knew that she was perfect for me.  We could grow together in power, a perfect complement for each other.
She looked at me like she was trying to read my mind and in a way, I guess she did.  Because when I moved my lips closer to hers, she leaned forward and met me halfway in a kiss.
 I was meant to kiss her because the moment our lips touched, I felt complete.
Then from afar, I heard a commotion that had become an all too familiar sound lately.  My father’s voice was loud.  
Sol broke the kiss and she pulled at my hand as we ran toward the source of the uproar.
The crowd had started to gather, and we squeezed in, trying to take our position in the audience.  The smell of sweat covered the air.  The humidity was getting to all of us, and I should do something about that.  Maybe I should make it drizzle later.
“Maercella! Please —,” my father shouted.
Sol clutched tightly at my arm as if to let me know that she was there for me.  My father was obviously drunk.  This happened every time he closeted himself with a barrel of wine.
I loosened myself from Sol’s grip and walked toward my father.
“Come on, let’s go home.”
Father looked at me with red eyes that couldn’t seem to focus.  “Why won’t she come home, Wind? I’m tired of waiting,” he sobbed.
My mother was of noble blood, and she once chose this man over all the riches of the world, but a woman’s got to follow her heart — or her mind — for that matter.  Comfort was something everybody was willing to pay a price for — even if it meant giving up on one’s family.  Seeing my father this way made me loathe my mother even more. The only suffering that remained in our family was due to her flight.  
I helped my father to his feet, and Sol came toward us to assist me.  She smelled of mint herbs.  When she took my father’s other arm and put it on her shoulder, he only cried louder.  
“My dear Maercella… when will you come home?”
I shook my head and pitied my father.  Maercella.  I have to do something about this.  Maybe ask her to go home with me.  Maybe our family can still be saved.  Maybe.  Maybe.  Maybe.  
Lost in thoughts, I turned to look at Sol after she pinched me on my torso.  I raised an eyebrow to ask her why she had done that.  Instead of answering, she gazed at the sky, and I saw the storm clouds.  
“What are you all looking at?” I shouted at the grape-pickers.  “Go back to your jobs! We’re not paying you just to stand and watch!”
I trembled as I said that, my eyes blazing in fury.
“Wind,” Sol whispered.
I heard her and I choked on my anger and pushed it down somewhere where I couldn’t reach it.  I looked at Sol, to the brightness that she exuded, and I remembered myself.  
“I’m sorry, Sol,” I whispered.
She didn’t answer.  We walked to the cottage that Lucca built for us.  It was small beside his, but I didn’t mind, for a while.
***
I did the right thing — I kept on telling myself.  This is what should be done.  I scanned the scroll once more until I was sure I understood everything written there.  There were no loopholes in it.  What I’m holding in my hands is the scroll that speaks what will happen in Akea in the next fourteen days.  The strategy to ensure that power will always be mine.
Now, to make them all true.
I pointed my forefinger to the words on the scroll and summoned lightning until a small dose of it came shooting out of my fingertip.  As soon as it hit the scripts, it burned the words and sealed them as prophecies.
Akea would always be mine.
I glanced at Lamare; she was seated with her eyes on me like she was waiting for instructions.  Dogan was still to the door, talking with someone else.  No matter how abysmal I had sunken into darkness, I would never forget her voice.  Dogan moved aside and I saw her serene face.
Sol — the only woman that my heart ever sang to — with a face as beautiful a melody as her name. 

Chapter 8 – Sol Dugress

“Your Majesty, my apologies, but the Lady Sol insisted on seeing you,” Dogan said.  He glanced at Lamare and then back to Wind as though my visit was an intrusion.
It’s hard to stay angry when one’s power is calmness.  I can make people calm by touching them, or saying soothing words, or by merely looking at them — sometimes that works too.  Like earlier, Dogan wouldn’t budge from his post even after I told him that Wind and I have an appointment today.  But when I started using my power on him, Dogan’s arguments were replaced by a welcoming attitude, and what a surprise today — he even presented me to Wind.  Surely, he is learning proper behavior.
“Let her in, Dogan.  See Lamare out.”  His voice sounded like steel.
Lamare stood up.  “Wind, Your Highness, another fortnight?” she asked.  And I hated her for calling Wind by his first name.  It broke my heart into a thousand pieces.  Why did he let her call him Wind? It’s a mystery I couldn’t figure out.
Wind’s eyebrows shot up.  “As part of the agreement.  Why?”
“How about a full month? Enough for me to come up with something more creative.  Besides, the trips to the palace are long and I get tired easily.”  
The brown haired girl with matching brown eyes must have sprouted courage overnight, but there was a slight tensing to her shoulders as if afraid of what Wind would say, but knew all too well that she had to try.
“No.  Fortnight.  Or I’ll take it that you’re no longer maintaining your part of the bargain,” Wind said, and I wondered for the hundredth time what they could have discussed without me.  Whenever I ask Wind, he says that it’s of great importance to the future of Akea, but he never shares what it is with me.
Lamare’s mouth opened to protest.  Her throat moved as she swallowed air, and then she nodded curtly before turning away.  Her behavior is a mystery too — I know that she’s the Royal Scribe, but she’s just an ordinary Akean.  And yet, sometimes her actions seem as if she is accustomed to having her way with people — ruling people even.  There’s something regal about her demeanour that I find odd in a commoner.
Dogan followed her out, and the pair made an interesting sight.  Such a big ugly man escorting a pristine, beautiful woman.  A Princess in rags and a beast in armor.  If I had not been feeling so calm, I would have laughed.
“Sol — I’m tired.  I spent half a day going over the future of Akea,” Wind said.  His voice was soft, a bare whisper.  He was dismissing me already.  The steely note to his voice was totally gone.  I’m not sure if it was an effect of my power or if he still remembered some of the tenderness he had for me in the past.  Before ambition conquered his mind, before he rose to power, before all of these.
“I only just arrived, and you’re already closing your doors on me?” I worked my voice to falter because the breaks in my voice stir something in his chest.  He had never wanted to hurt me.
He went back to his throne and sat, eyes trying to read me.
“You and I, it’s gone —”
That hurt.  “I’m not here to reminisce about the past.  But as I have pledged my services to the emperor of Akea, I’m here to serve.”
“I have whores.  I don’t need affection.”  The steel in his tone was back.
I closed my eyes to remain calm.  To not argue with him and fight.  Because I can’t make him see sense anymore.  He had become a different person from the Wind I used to know.  He used to stand for what he believed in and to fight for his rights but as soon as he held power, everything that he was once was gone — including any fondness for me.  
Wind told me that he would have me beside him because he needed me.  That when everything in his person was in turmoil, I was the only personification of an emotion that could make his heart go still, making him remember the quiet moments and those days of happiness that we shared.  Because I love him, I stayed.  I don’t know how far he had run away from me, but it is a distance that can’t be bridged by merely being with him a few hours in a week.
Sometimes, I wished that Wind had not become emperor.  It sounded selfish, but I just wanted things back the way they were before.  I wished Northsam were still here.  
Wind only told me that Northsam was gone, but nobody knew how he died.  Wind told me it was fated that he became emperor.  He never told me anything more. 
Wind had a dozen moods, and there were times that he could be cruel, but I never believed him to be a murderer.  The conundrum still hung in the air though.  How did Northsam die? Where was his body? He wasn’t sick, and there had been no open oppositions to his reign.  Rumors got around in the palace that it was Wind who killed Northsam, but I discredited it.  Wind may be mayhem itself, but his heart was still intact.  
A moon-turn after Northsam vanished, Lamare started coming to the palace to meet with Wind — for a scroll.  As Royal Scribe, I expected her to join palace meetings, but she was never an attendee.  She doesn’t write down directives, or new policies, or new rules.  Instead, every fortnight, she and Wind meet with Dogan guarding the entrance, and no one is permitted to enter the chambers when they are discussing — just like earlier today.  The scroll holds the answers.  
I looked at the ashes that were gathered near the foot of the throne.  There are no more traces of what were written on them.  Someday I’ll get hold of the scroll.
“A man has need of love.”  That was all I could say but it seemed to connect to the old Wind I knew.  He blinked, and his face lost the hostility it held earlier.
“Will you stay with me tonight?”
I smiled.  “Of course, I’ll always be right by your side.”  Curse me for being a fool.
I walked toward him and knelt when I was just a few feet away from the throne.  He rose and took my hand.  He kissed me, and I got lost in the kiss that brought him back to me.  My calmness will chase away his darkness, and he will always find his place with me.  
***
I remembered the day when Wind found his father drunk once more and sobbing over Maercella’s loss, for whatever reason she left them for.  Wind told me that he was only eight when his mama left and when I heard that, I knew that she’s not coming back.  It was only probable that her life had moved on without the both of them.  Urging Maercella to return to their lives might be futile.  Like a grain of salt in a gallon of water, it can’t be tasted anymore.
That was one of the times I saw Wind angry.  The first was when the Wine Lord slapped his father.  The second was when his father was drunk, sobbing, and like a child was telling him how Maercella wouldn’t go back with him to their cottage in Minnowin.  Perhaps in frustration, Wind shouted at the grape-pickers.  And that was so odd because Wind had always respected the lower ranks as it was where he also came from.  
Sometimes, I feared that the storm inside of him would be out of control in the future.  But I always convinced myself that with me to balance out his storms, he could be pacified.
Wind was sitting in front of the cottage, his face unreadable.  He was only sixteen moon-turns then, four moons younger than I.  Slowly, I moved to where he was, and he acknowledged my presence by resting his forehead against my shoulder after I sat down beside him.  Immediately, his tensed muscles relaxed.
His gray hair was cut short, and they made him look like he belonged in the sky with Luna and Risa.  He seemed to be one with the clouds.  
He sighed and my heart went out to him.
“Are you alright?” I asked.
“I feel better now.”  He looked at me.  “If I don’t have you beside me, I think I’ll explode.”  He was like a child.  
“That’s why I’ll always be here for you.”  
He looked away and picked up a stone in front of him and while still sitting, he threw it away.  
“I’ll go to Maercella.  I think I can give Papa anything he wants.  I just realized storm is such a potent power.  There are no limits.  I can command air, water, fire — in a way, through lightning.  I think I may have the power fit for an emperor.”
I froze.  I never heard him talk that way before.  At least not about being an emperor.
“Maercella is nobly born.  That makes me partly noble too.  I can be emperor.”
I couldn’t speak.  “Your power is potent.  I agree.  But think about it.  Northsam has an heir —”
“A girl! Are we going to have a girl rule Akea?” 
“She will be wed when the right time comes.  Northsam will find her a suitable partner.  It has always been like that, a partnership with one of the strong houses.”
Wind didn’t move.  Perhaps he was considering what I said.  Northsam’s daughter had only seen one turning of the moon.  It will still be a long way before she becomes ready to marry.  
Wind’s jaw was set in determination, and I couldn’t read what he must be thinking.  The notion of being an emperor might be gnawing at him.
“What do you plan on doing with your mother?” I asked.
“I’ll go to Ameres.  If I have to beg Maercella to come home with me, I will —”
I saw that his eyes were veiled again with a tinge of anger or maybe, a deep-rooted pain.  Sometimes, it was impossible to read him.  I squeezed his hand, willing him to settle down with his emotions, passing onto him some of the calmness that I was feeling.
It worked.  His eyes were back to the solemn pair that they were, sad and wanting.  He looked at me.
“Will you go to Ameres with me?”
I know what my answer should have been — yes.  I should never let him out of my sight especially when his temper could get the better of him.  
Instead, I stared into his eyes, kissed him lightly on the lips, and passed onto him another surge of calmness, hoping that it would linger longer in his heart.  
Shaking my head, I said, “This is between you and your mother.  I’m sure that when she sees you, her boy, her heart will yearn to be with you and your father.”
He smiled at me, and his gray eyes brightened.  “You always know the right thing to say.”  He caressed my cheek and pulled me closer.  “Wait,” he said, and then he stood up.
I saw him leaning toward the rose bushes.  He picked three.  He was smiling as he crouched in front of me.  “Here.  Because you are special to me.”
When the storm in his heart was not stirring, his words could bring me to a place where even my usual composed self was caught off guard.  I smiled as I took the flowers and smelled them only to remember a bit too late that I was allergic to flowers.  Any type.  Any color.  Any beautiful, flowering bud! I sneezed loudly, and in just seconds, my eyes watered.  
“Are you okay? I’m sorry,” Wind said.
I shook my head and stood up.  “No, it’s okay.  Allergies.” I knew what would happen next.  How could I be so careless? Just because the flower came from Wind doesn’t mean that it would spare me of my usual reaction to these — horrid living things!
As soon as I was up, my greatest fear materialized.  With eyes still watery, I looked around, the surroundings barely registering to my eyesight.  Nausea followed.  Then I collapsed into Wind’s arms.
I woke up in my bed with a bad case of flu that night.  The room was dark, and the only source of light was a dimly lit lamp on top of the bedside table.  The window was open to let the breeze cut through my room.  I found Wind beside my bed.  He smiled sheepishly as soon as our eyes locked.  
“I was worried… I didn’t know you hated flowers so much,” he reached out to touch my red, swollen face.
“Not hate them…”  I said.
He smiled weakly.  “Hated them only when they came from me,” he teased.
I smiled at him to let him know that I was okay.
“Here.  I got you something else,” he said and handed me a leaf.
I laughed, and he joined in.
These were the better moments — the ones that I held a special place for inside my heart.  If I had known that there would be so few of them, I would have prayed for time to freeze, but that was all in the past.
I didn’t know that so soon, Wind would lose his temper again.  So much so that he created the storm that ravished the province of Ameres, Maercella’s home.
***
My flu was gone, and when I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror, the redness and swelling of my face were no longer there.  Yesterday seemed to be just a faint memory.  I looked at the leaf Wind gave me last night and found a note beside it saying that he would be on his way to Ameres and that we would celebrate when he returned with his mother.  He asked me to help organize a festivity on day two of his absence because he was expecting that they would be back by then.
I asked Goryo, Wind’s father, to help me with the preparations.  I never told him the reason except that when his son returned, there would be a cause for celebration.  
Lucca was appalled at first, he was shouting and cursing at me when I handed him the number of barrels of wine that we would need for the event.  He said that even if Wind could make it rain before the full turning of the moons, he would not be able to replenish and age wine soon enough to pay for the laborers’ wages.  Of course, that was an exaggeration on his part, and I had been expecting that so when he opened his vile mouth once more, I used my power on him and instantly, he beamed at me.
“A hundred barrels?  Surely, Wind will want more,” he said.
Oh, how the tables have turned.
I suppressed a smile.  “A hundred is enough.”  Before my power on him wore off, I asked him to sign the paper instructing the release of wine.
On day two of Wind’s absence, everything was set.  On the main table where I expected Wind would be seated, I had flowers arranged on top of the table.  I decided that I would not join them there today so that the family could reunite.  The reconciliation would make Wind happy, and with no more hatred in his heart, he would be able to control his feelings better.  There would be fewer reasons for him to be ill-tempered.  He would become a better man.
When evening came and there was still no sign of Wind, I asked a few of the laborers to help Goryo and me cover the table arrangements, leaving them in place so that any time Wind and Maercella arrived, the place would be ready.  Wind could cast lightnings in the sky, which were suitable replacements for fireworks.
I slept lightly that night, hoping that they would arrive soon.  
When I woke up the following day, from my room’s window, I saw that the sky was still dark as it was only dawn.  But since sleep was being elusive, I decided to get up and wait for Wind and his mother outside the cottage.  It was difficult because there was no way for us to communicate.  All I could do was wait for their return.  
That was when I caught sight of Elder Mahen Dilo.  He was almost hunched as he walked, and his hair was all white.  I had never known anyone so well endowed with intelligence and understanding of the world that he could shake me in my shell of serenity except for him.  
Elder Mahen was a member of the Elders’ Guild, an independent organization supported by Akeans for their wisdom, teachings, and practical approach to problems.  There were instances that people choose to seek their assistance instead of the palace’s; and it was known all over the land that even the palace relied on the Elders’ guidance and teachings.
“Elder Mahen,” I said and bowed to show my respect.
“Sol,” he said.  He gazed up at the dark sky and turned his head to the left as though trying to make out a noise.  He closed his eyes and whispered something that’s not of the native tongue.  
Until now, that part where he spoke to the air still bothered me.  I found it eerie that he talked to no one and said things that nobody understood.  Why couldn’t he just contain his thoughts inside his head? 
When Elder Mahen opened his eyes, he looked at me, and he seemed like he wanted to tell me something.  There was a ladybug near his ear.  It was unmoving in his neck that for a moment, I thought it was a tattoo.  I reached out to swat it, but Elder Mahen’s hand shot up.  
“The ladybug is a friend, Sol.”
I felt ashamed.  “My apologies, Elder Mahen.”
“There is a storm to the northeast.  I’m not yet sure where.  But — I’ve been told that the water level is fast rising.  It could be dangerous.”
My mouth hung open.  “You never cease to amaze me, Elder Mahen.  But with all due respect, how did you know?”
“I — have sources.”  There was a pause when he said it as if hesitating if he should tell me who his sources of information were.
“Is Wind here?” he asked.
My heart started beating rapidly, but again, calmness won.  “No.  He left three days ago and he went,” I paused, “to Ameres.”  The province lay in the northeast of Akea.
Elder Mahen tried to read my face, but it was all calmness.  I was stoic in an instant.
“That’s a coincidence, then.  I just thought I should tell you,” he said.  I watched as his cloaked body started walking away.  A bird flew and rested on his shoulder.  I thought it would fly away again.  Instead, another bird flew and perched on the other side of his shoulder.
Oh, Wind.  What’s taking you so long? 
It was mid-day, and there was still no sign of Wind.  Goryo looked worried, but he tried not to speak about it to me.  When we’re alone, we didn’t talk much.  The only thing that connected us was our affection toward his son, nothing else.  I had very small liking for Goryo.  Maybe it’s because I hated the fact that he sobs like a child when he’s drunk.  And that he was a constant source of Wind’s worries.
The moons paled, and darkness slowly spread across the sky telling us that evening had approached.  And still, there was no sign of Wind.
Then Goryo pointed to the sky.
“Sol, look up,” he said.
I stared above and saw what caught his attention.  It was a cloud formation moving across the horizon, splitting the sky and disturbing the soft cottony wisps of clouds scattered above.  Then the cloud formation stopped right above us, and after the brief pause, descended wantonly.  We ran to escape from whatever it was that swooped down.  Then it crashed.  It was just cloud, like we thought.  But when we moved closer, and the fog that was the cloud thinned, we saw Wind in agony.
“Wind!”  I shouted and ran toward him immediately.
“No!” he shouted back.  He threw lightning and a tree burned a few yards away from me.  Goryo winced as if the lightning had taken a direct hit on him.  
From a distance, I could feel Wind’s emotions, his turmoil, and I summoned with all my strength to bring my power to its full extent, pushing my limits.  I tried to touch him even from afar, through my mind and heart.  I did and I recoiled.  He was so angry that my heart instantly burned with the hurt he was feeling.  
“Everybody who crosses me shall suffer.  Nobody deserves to do this to me.  To Papa.  Nobody!”  
I couldn’t touch him directly.  He was so mad.  So I did the next best thing.  I sang.  It was a melody, only tunes, no words.  It seemed to work, Wind stopped shouting until I was no longer afraid to approach him.
Goryo was watching us.  I gave him a sign to leave us alone.  He seemed to understand and he nodded.  He knew the effect I had on his son.
When I was closer to Wind, I knelt in front of him and clutched his head to my chest.  “My dear Wind,” I whispered softly to his ears.  “What did you do?”
He pulled away from me, only enough so that he could look me in the eye.  His eyelids fluttered before they opened, and I saw the young man I love, the one that’s so vulnerable, whose passion was so strong it scared even me.  
“Maercella wouldn’t come home with me.  I was standing at the gates of her palace, and she wouldn’t let me in.  I knocked on her gates.  So many times that I wasn’t able to keep count anymore.  But the guards wouldn’t even acknowledge me.  Then when I was making a scene outside, she came down,” he paused and swallowed.  “She has my eyes.  It was like looking in a mirror.  But her eyes told me she didn’t want me.  She didn’t even talk to me.  As soon as her eyes met mine, she cringed visibly as if I were some sort of a horrible reminder of her past.  And —” Wind shuddered; his body broke into spasms as I held him against me.  “She went back in.  Not one word.  Not one goddamn word.”
“Hush,” I said.  “I’m with you now.  It will be all right.”
“That’s when I lost it, Sol.  I didn’t mean to.  But I lost it.  I never knew how powerful I was.  But in a matter of minutes I was throwing down lightnings to the palace.  The soldiers got scared, but there were so many of them.  They overpowered me and pinned me to the ground.  But I wasn’t finished.  I called storms.  The heavens thundered and rain fell in torrents.  I was so angry that I didn’t remember feeling any other emotion apart from that.  
“Water rose.  There was flooding in Ameres, and I was floating in a cloud.  When I looked down, I saw that the first floor of the palace was already submerged, and nearby houses had their residents on top of the roofs.  I chilled.  It was darkness that consumed me.  I couldn’t afford to lose it again — no matter how angry I get.  So many people affected,” he sobbed.
“I don’t know how many people died…” His voice broke, and even though my face had gone pale, I didn’t let him see how distraught I was.  I was his rock.  I couldn’t falter.
I closed my eyes and bit my lips.  My dear heart.  I hummed and he relaxed, hugging me.  That’s when I saw that his body was badly marred with blood; wounds ripped his arms, chest, and back.  
“You’re bleeding all over.  I’ll bring you to Amaya.  She will know what to do with your wounds.”
“Sol… I hate myself for it.  Please, please —”
He had broken away from my embrace, and he was gripping my arms tightly.  
“Please, don’t ever leave me.  I need you.  You are my only light.”
My heart melted.  I brushed back his tousled hair, and let my hand caress his face.  I shouldn’t have let him go alone to his mother.  I had to use my power on him each time, to prevent him from falling into darkness.  And that was the moment I made a vow.
“I’ll never let you out of my sight ever again.”  It was too great a promise, but one I was sure I would never break.
I helped him stand up because he had no more energy left in his body.  Amaya would need a lot of herbs and oils to heal him.  
The wounds were the least of my worries though.  Northsam.  The palace guards.  Maercella.  They were my fears.  The news would travel all the way to the emperor’s palace especially since it was a royal family that was accosted.  We only had days before we got to face whatever it was the palace would deem suited Wind’s crimes.
I wondered how in the world I would protect him from that.
Oh, Wind, if only I had not loved you already.  I silently cursed myself.
***
“A hundred barrels of wine! All lost in a festivity that never even happened?” Lucca shouted, and I ran outside the cottage fast to get to where the voice was coming from.
“Lucca, not now.  Please.”  The voice was Wind’s.
“How dare you! That was more than your share of the vineyard’s produce.  And the agreement was you have a share for only a puny percentage.  How in the world do you plan on giving back what actually belongs to me?”
I saw them; Lucca was just a few feet away from Wind.  The latter had his torso wrapped in bandages, and he was barefoot.  It’s a surprise Amaya let him out in this condition.
“Lucca, I’ll talk to you about the barrels…”  I said.
“No! Trickster! You’re the one who had me sign the release of a hundred barrels.  I will not have anything to do with you.”  He pointed an accusatory finger at me, but it didn’t stop me.  I stood beside Wind and held his hand.  I was surprised to find that he was still calm.
“There are still barrels.  I can return them to you.  Some were drunk by the lot we asked to help us in the preparation.  But I’m sure I can give back more than half of them,” I said.
“Your filthy hands touched my barrels, you may return them, but I will not cancel the debt,” he leered at me.  “Next month, you will not have a share,” he said to Wind.
His hand clutched mine tighter.  “I accept.”
“Huh?” Lucca was astounded.
“I said I accept.  It’s only fair.  I got more than my share this month so next month there’ll be none.”
“Good.  Good! But return the remaining barrels to the stock house.”
“That will not happen.  Since you will charge me for the entire withdrawal of barrels, I will not return what’s left in my custody.”
“But she agreed —”
“I said no.  Now, you will leave or else —”
“What? You’re going to strike a lightning at me? You haven’t changed at all.  You think that wearing better clothes now put you on an equal footing with me? No.  It doesn’t.  You are what you have always been — an insufferable maggot!”  
Lucca didn’t stop there.  He laughed.
It was too late for me to realize that I should have used my power on Lucca instead.  Lucca taunted Wind, and I felt the latter tense.  
“Wind, no!  It’s not worth it.  Please,” I whispered.
Wind’s jawline was set hard as he glared at me.  “He ridiculed me! I won’t let this pass.”
I embraced him and used all I had to make him calm.  But it didn’t work in the way I had hoped.  His anger diminished but not by so much.  “Wind, please!”
Lucca stopped.  “What? Huh?”  Then with a leer on his plump face, he started walking away.  
A gust of wind pushed Lucca, and he went tumbling forward.  Dust covered his body.  He stood up, and blood trickled down the side of his face.  His mouth was hanging open, and if his eyes could shoot out venom, we would have been dead on the spot.
“You will find your place once I tell the emperor of this incident! I’ve had enough of your arrogance!”
Another gust of wind blew.  It was harder this time, and Lucca did another somersault.
It did not stop.  I watched as Lucca was flogged by invisible whips.  He cried loudly.  When his dress was torn and blood was covering his body, Wind used air on him and carried him right in front of us.  Lucca’s body was covered by welts and wounds.
“Your life or the vineyard?”  Wind’s voice was hardened steel.  
“You are a fool,” Lucca said, angry but shaken.
Another whip of air hit him on his face this time, and he shouted in agony.
“You have no heir.  Should you die, I’ll own this vineyard alone,” Wind said.  “It’s a trick question because no matter if I kill you or not, I’ll still have the vineyard.  The only difference is timing.”
Lucca’s face registered fear this time.  His lips trembled.  
“Life,” he choked.
My thoughts were only on Wind and Lucca that I didn’t see the crowd that had gathered around us, witnessing everything.
“Everyone! You have just heard what this man surrendered to me today, his vineyard!  I am your Wine Lord now.  You will do what I say,” Wind shouted.
Goryo’s mouth thinned as he watched his son.  
The crowd was shaken.
I embraced Wind hard; my eyes closed and my arms tightened around him.  Then I tried getting support from everyone around me, measuring their level of calmness, but all I felt in them was fear.  Not one soul was able to lend me the serenity I sought.
I closed my eyes tighter and mustered with all my strength to put together calmness in one space and shove it inside of Wind.  His body lost some of the tension it had earlier.  I touched his heart, the burning emotion inside, and doused the fire.  That was when I felt a gash against my back as though I had been whiplashed.  
I flinched as the sting travelled my back.  Nobody was close enough to me to do that.  I looked at the back of my dress, but it was difficult so I touched it instead.  Something wet coursed down my back.  I stared in horror at the thick red substance that stained my fingers–blood.
Was this how we’re going to survive? Would restraining Wind each time he gets an episode leave an ugly scar in my body? We pay our dues and maybe, this was how I was intended to pay for mine.  I shuddered.
The price of love.
I looked at Lucca.  He was hugging himself and letting out curses that he didn’t mean for anyone to hear.  Nobody dared to tend him.  Everybody was afraid of Wind.  
“Amaya, please see to Master Lucca,” I said.
Wind stood up and walked away.  I didn’t know where he was going but right that moment, I didn’t bother to follow him.  A scar for one day was enough.  I shook my head realizing that it wasn’t only my back that bled.  My heart did too.

Chapter 9 - McWindStorm Arren

The night is as dark as ever, but the stars litter the skies adorning the black blanket with blinking lights.  I got up from the bed, carefully removing my left arm cradling Sol’s head.  In an effort to not wake her as she slept, I almost fell out of bed.  When I was up, I gazed at her face once more.  She reminded me of the good side of life, one without complications, one where all that matters was love.
I fought the urge to go back in bed beside her because she could destroy all that I worked hard for.  My struggle to become the emperor was not an easy one.  I had to rise from the ashes and make a name for myself.  
The clothes I wore earlier were all gathered at the foot of the bed, down on the carpeted floors, and I picked and quickly put them on.  I’ll allow myself moments of peace with Sol, but not so much, only enough to reconnect with the beauty of her unmarred soul.
As I summoned a cloud outside my chamber’s window, I shot one last look at her as she lay in my bed, her body a stark beauty enveloped by the darkness of my room.  Enough, I told myself.  And then I went far away from her before I start remembering all that I had lost with her.
One I was not sure had been worth giving up on.
***
There were many stories about a man’s life.  How a good one turned bad.  How a bad person went crazily insane.  How a soul conquered goodness.  Or greatness.  Or any other success, in whatever form a person deemed fitting.
Some people are downright evil, I know of some, like Lucca, who only had his mind set on owning the world through his riches.  He didn’t mind if the laborers were happy or satisfied because he knew that whatever happens, the almost alms-begging laborers would have no recourse to live but through him.  
There are strong people, who despite the series of unfortunate luck that came to them will not compromise their principles and will refuse to see the world in a different light.  Sadly but without regret, I wasn’t one of them.
The moment that I saw Lucca slapped Papa, I realized how I could be so unforgiving.  It was a wrong emotion, but it was also something that I couldn’t rid myself of.  I couldn’t let him treat us in that manner.  Just thinking about the incident made me angry again, and the effect of my anger to the weather was appalling.  Sometimes I could be so strong, like now, that as I flew riding a cloud I noticed that the stars had shied away from me.  They were probably blocked by a wave of storm clouds.
Maercella.  Why did she ever leave us? When I was eight, I remembered her to be a doting mother to me and a loving wife to Papa.  Then one day, she went away.  There were no words spoken between her and father, and from what I know, she never contacted us again.
I felt my heart constrict.  I didn’t want to hate the noblewoman that gave me birth.  Sometimes though, when someone is left behind by the person he always thought would be there for him, hate becomes an emotion he couldn’t escape from.
That damn Lucca! I didn’t know he owned a lot of vineyards.  It wasn’t only in Minnowin but also all over Akea.  
When I took his vineyards in Minnowin, he went somewhere else, to Rudiah, and when he had gathered enough treasures, he went to the palace and sought an audience with Northsam.  He asked Northsam to write-off my name in Akea’s list of citizens, but he never succeeded.  How I hated Lucca.  He said that I used my power to threaten and beat the air out of him.  Well, the latter I definitely did.  If I had known that he would tell Northsam about what I did, I would have killed him.
But Sol was there during my encounter with Lucca, and I felt that she didn’t want me to harm him more than I already did.  And her power was so beyond me, I had to fight her as a wave of calmness constantly seeped through my gut, to let the storm inside my chest out.
There are moments that I regret.  I have a few of them.  But always, when I’m alone in the clouds, and I get the chance to get in touch with my inner self, there is one thing that bothers me — the event that took Sol away from me.
It felt like it only happened yesterday and I could still hear the voices, feel the wounds gnawing at my skin and sense the commotion that a group of soldiers brought to Minnowin.
“McWindStorm Arren?” a soldier with a topknot asked.
One of the grape-pickers pointed to my cottage.
From where Goryo was sitting, he stood up and greeted them.
“Why are you looking for him?” he asked.
“His Grace, The Lord Emperor, Northsam of the Two Moons, sent us to take McWindstorm Arren with us on a complaint raised by one Lucca Arindola,” the soldier said without emotion.
Goryo was immediately defensive.  “Wind is not here.”
“The order came from the emperor himself.  There is another charge against him, one that’s so vile it makes my stomach turn — for the death of innocent people — old people, children, a near hundred heads across all ages, in a storm that he created in Ameres.”
Goryo’s mouth opened, but no words came out.  He knew I had been to Ameres, but he didn’t know the full story.  I only told Sol.  I was shaken to my core that I couldn’t bring myself to repeat the story to another human.  A hundred heads that I was accountable for? I shivered.
From where I was hiding, I saw Goryo as he turned away from the soldiers and entered the cottage.  He found me behind the door, and before I could react, he punched me in the face, my jaw almost unlocking on the hinges.  I was holding my face, shocked at what happened when the group of soldiers entered the cottage.
“What did you do to your mother?” he asked in an accusing tone.  “Did you kill her in a flood? Did you strike a lightning down her palace? Did you kill the person who loved you the most in this world? Loved you enough to leave me behind?”
Papa was raging and for the first time in my life, I feared him.  The cottage shook, and I knew why.  Perhaps the ground it was standing on became too dry that the cottage’s posts became uprooted.  I saw some soldiers trying to balance themselves.  Then the shaking stopped.
When I got the courage to open my mouth, I asked, “What?”
“You will never know the true value of love.  Because in your heart, there is always that storm building up, and there’s no one strong enough to control it.  I swear if I ever learn that you raised your hand on your mother, I’ll kill you myself.”  His voice was shaking, and his blue eyes made him stand out.  He had always been kindly that I could not believe that this was how he spoke to me.
“O dear gods.  Take him,” he ordered.  When none of the soldiers moved, he shouted, “Take him!”
I was still sitting on the floor, the soldiers surrounding me.  For such a thin man, he threw a strong punch; and with words that hit me straight in the gut, I felt weak and had no strength to pull myself up.
I couldn’t believe what I just heard.  Maercella left us because she loves — loved me? I would never believe that.  Surely Papa had gone crazy with all his loneliness from losing her that he didn’t make sense now when he spoke.  I was working my jaw when the soldier with the topknot gestured to two of his men to bring me to my feet.
I was still in a daze.  “Papa, tell me you don’t mean to turn me in.”  
He just looked at me, and his eyes moistened.  
“Forgive me, son.  But your power has grown stronger every day that I don’t know how I could still be of any assistance to you.  I pray that the emperor still has enough charisma to turn you.”  
He moved closer and held my face in his hands.  I felt my eyes sting.
He pulled me and kissed me on both cheeks.  “May Akea heal you.”
Then the soldiers pulled at my arms and dragged me outside.
“Papa, no! It was only one time.  The storm.  You see — I didn’t mean to.  I’ll calm down.  I will not lose it anymore.  Don’t let them take me.  It’s with you that I want to spend my days with.”
“Your ambition is getting the better of you.  Learn from the emperor.  And come back to me again — with your mother.  To become a family once more.”
I barely heard him because the thunder inside my head had started and darkness veiled my eyes.  I almost didn’t see the anguish, the tears that rolled down Papa’s cheeks as he said those last words. 
But it was all too late.  My eyes were burning as well as my heart.  My blood coursed through my veins with such an intensity I had never felt before and right in front of me, the air and clouds kissed the ground and rotated speedily, sending spiralling wind across the land.  It grew bigger, taking in its huge swirl anything that it touched.  I had started a tornado.  Some of the soldiers ran away while others were unlucky enough to be pulled by it.  I let go of the tornado and it vanished, throwing all that it had gathered flying across the vineyard.  
The soldier with the topknot had his sword raised at me, but before he could swing the sword, I pushed him back with air.  His body slammed against the ground, and he lay unconscious.  
I looked around in eyes still veiled with hatred.  Only this time, I believed I had better control.  The uncertainty and pain clutched at my being, giving me strength to extend my arms upward to bring forth the storm clouds.  I would destroy everything in this land.
Torrential rains poured and I called upon the heavens for lightning.  I didn’t realize that the soldier with the topknot was not totally knocked off.  He stood up slowly, fighting against the rain.  It was too late when I saw him pick up his sword and throw it at me.  I moved to the right, but it wasn’t enough, the sword hit me across my back; I fell to the ground, yelling in pain.  A wound again — but the pain vanished immediately, replaced by another tumult of anger, then it was gone quickly.
The blade that hit my back took me by surprise that I lost control.  Looking up at the sky, there were no more storm clouds; they disappeared as fast as I had summoned them.  The sky was clear, but the evidence of what I did left an impression that ensured I would be sent to Kanela, to the palace of Northsam, to pay for my crimes.  The soldiers started toward me with calculated steps, all swords were drawn out.  I closed my eyes because there was no penance for what I did.
“No!”  I heard a beautiful sound.  It was high pitched the way she said it, and yet the voice was still soothing and calm.
“Take me with you.  I’m the only one who can control him — pacify him.  You can check it in the Akean book, my power — it’s calmness,” Sol said.  It’s a wonder how I know she must be shocked by all of this, and yet her voice never wavered.  Her power kept on amusing me.
“Forgive me, madam.  This young man is dangerous.  Anyone will only find death beside him.”
“Don’t you know who I am?” Sol asked icily.
The soldier regarded her carefully, studying her face.  But his eyes held no recognition of who she was.
“I’m sorry, but I have no idea who you are.”
Sol’s eyes squinted and her jaw hardened, but surprisingly, she did not argue.  Instead, in one swift movement, she moved toward the man with the topknot and held his face tenderly.  How I envied the soldier at that moment because I knew what he must be feeling right then — tranquillity that would make him forget any worry he had.
The soldier’s countenance changed. When Sol was done, she moved away from him and started toward me.  She smiled at me sadly before taking my face in her hands.  
“My dear heart, please try to control it,” she said.
Her words, as much as the energy that she passed onto me, brought me to a wonderful place.  One where everything sang of delightful melodies.  And I wasn’t able to help it; I smiled at her too, regardless of the wound that throbbed at my back.
The soldiers were rooted to their spots.  They must be as fascinated about her power as I.  I looked around for my father, hoping he’d stayed so I could ask for his forgiveness.  If I were to spend moon-turns in the dungeons, I would have to make amends with my father.  But he was no longer around.  
“Amaya, please help Wind.  He is in serious need of your healing,” Sol said.
Amaya came running toward me.  I didn’t know why she would still want to tend me after seeing what I did.  And yet, she came to me because healing was her life, something she was passionate about.
I had Amaya for my wounds and I had Sol for my soul.  What more could a man ask for?
While two of the soldiers hauled me and followed Amaya, I saw Sol as she approached the soldier with the topknot.  Right in front of him, she knelt.
“By the power vested in you by the emperor, I, Soleran Dugress, vow to serve him always, in exchange of Wind’s life.  To atone for whatever penance he may have,” she paused as though searching for the right words to make the fealty stronger.  
“He will need me.  And as you have seen, I’m the only one who can calm him.  Take me with you.  And I’ll serve the emperor of Akea for all the generations that I will live.  But let this be a seal between His Royal Highness and me, that McWindStorm Arren will not see death.”
The soldier hesitated.  Before I could do anything, I saw him cut open the flesh in his palm and blood dripped.  Sol raised her hands, palms up.  The soldier cut her too, and when they were both bleeding, they clasped their hands.
“To seal the deal, His Royal Highness to Soleran Dugress.  Soleran Dugress to Akea.  The vow rings true and will hold true for as long as Akea stands.”
Sol’s oath rang in my ears, but weariness had gotten to me, and I was not able to argue anymore.  Or even if I had some strength left, would I ask Sol to retract her vow to save my life? It did good for my honor that I never got the chance to find out.
***
It still hurts to remember that day, that specific moment that Sol gave up her life for me for no other reason I know of except love.  By doing that, she lived up to the promise she once gave me that she would never leave my side.  Because had she not done that, I would have faced the gallows.  To be readied for hanging.  Or the dungeons, to be held captive for generations on end.
I don’t know if her love is what drives me away from her or if it’s what keeps on pulling at me each time I see her — after all these moon-turns.  That’s why I can’t fail as an emperor even if it means destroying parts of Akea because I can’t see the sacrifices of people I felt affection for go to waste.

Chapter 10 - Lamare Amark

The moons were reflecting too much of the sun’s rays, and it’s hot in Akea.  Lately, it has always been like this, and I longed for winter to come.  
I removed the scarf covering my neck, wrapped it over my head and rode on.  In a few hours, I would find Timbukte Lassis waiting for me on the foot of Mt. Ricuss, and we would climb the mountain together with him showing me an easier trail to Nivaton.  
I stopped and dismounted Heeler, holding his reins.  A familiar set of footsteps approached me.  Soft heeled sandals made an impression on the dry leaves that gathered on the ground.  I was smiling even as I was lifted in the air and a face materialized, and I found myself looking at Timbukte’s green eyes.  I kissed him.
“I miss you too,” he said before putting me down.  I entwined my fingers against his.  “Let’s go.”
He took Heeler’s reins and we started climbing the mountain on foot.
“You said you’d show me an easier trail.”
Timbukte laughed.  “Well, this is the less steep part.  Don’t worry, as soon as we cross the creek, it’ll be mostly flat lands.”
It was still a tough climb, but I didn’t mind.  I wore soft sandals that he gave me when I last visited him.  He said that the sandals were especially made for Nivans so that the sounds would be muted; and when they became invisible, they would barely be heard.  I liked the sandals; they were soft against my soles and fit snugly to my feet.
“Can we rest for a while?” I asked when after an hour of climbing, he didn’t show any sign of stopping.
“The faster we travel, the sooner we’ll get to the flatlands,” he said.  He studied me for a minute and realized that I was not used to trekking for long.  “Okay, let me just find a good spot for resting.”
He pulled at Heeler’s reins to make the horse follow and tied the rope against a tree trunk.  Then he took my hand, and we walked to a spot under the tree.
“We’re actually close to the creek.  Come on,” he said.  
We walked another hundred yards.
“I’m tired.  Where are we going?”  I looked around a path that seemed familiar to me, like I had been here before.  “Is this the secret passage?”
Timbukte looked at me and smiled.  “Yes, you’ve been here before,” he said.  “Which was why I didn’t have second thoughts revealing myself to you.  Because only those with pure hearts that are not of Nivan blood can find the secret passage.”
I blushed and didn’t know what to say.  
“Did you know that the oldest of the Amark bloodline was the one who found this passage? And he shared the secret to Nivans.  Since then Nivans trusted the emperor with their powers.  Only the emperors know what we are capable of…” he paused, “and those who find the secret passage.”
Now, that’s something new.  It wasn’t taught by palace professors.  I didn’t realize that I had stopped walking, mulling things in my head.
He looked at me and smiled, “Are you still tired? If you keep on complaining, I’ll have to carry you.”
“No one’s stopping you!”  I blurted out.
He smiled, scooped me up, and carried me for the rest of the trail.  I was hanging down his shoulders, my butt thrust up in the air.  I hit him on the back, but he just laughed. 
“Now, you’ll get to rest your legs.  And your mouth,” he said, laughing.
“Put me down, you oaf!”  I yelled.  But it was difficult with my head hanging down his back and my brown hair dangling down.  I didn’t think he would put me down, so I made the most of it and relaxed my arms.  After a while, he stopped, and I was back on my feet again.
“Happy?” he asked, teasing.
“No! Of course not, after you man-handled me like that —”
“No, I mean, look around you —”  
The water in the creek was crystal clear, and I could see some fish swimming under it.  On the opposite bank, lilies covered the waters.  The breeze cut through the canopy of gigantic trees that marked the start of the secret passage.  It felt surreal standing here again, and with the bright sun overhead to make me appreciate better the beauty of the place.  
“Let’s take a dip,” he said.
I loved the water and found freedom when I swim and I could only say yes at that moment.  I removed my clothes and ran toward the creek until I was all wet, freezing with chilly water against my skin.
He still didn’t follow.  “What are you waiting for? The water’s nice.”
“Nice?  Your chin’s shaking,” he said.
I rolled my eyes at him and ducked under the water.  When my head bobbed, I saw him as he took his clothes off.  Then he joined me.
I didn’t know how it happened.  I was married to Wind, but — he’s just different.  With Timbukte, I felt free, enjoying my life the way I deserved to.  So in that creek, while we were relishing the quietude, I lost myself to him.  I didn’t regret it.
 Then all of a sudden the surroundings changed, and I knew I was dreaming.  
I was back in the palace outside Wind’s chambers, and I could hear him shouting.  I couldn’t make out most of the words, but he must be angry.  The sky outside was dark, and I guessed it felt him too.
It was after seven months since my meeting with Timbukte.
“He is gone? Where to? And you let him?”  Wind’s voice was followed by a loud crash of the soldier’s body against the palace wall as Wind, in his rage, flung the soldier using air.  Sol was by Wind’s side.  She had her eyes closed as though in deep concentration.
“He had no control over what happened.  It wasn’t his fault,” she said.
“That’s the problem.  He had no control! And because of that, everything could be messed up,” Wind’s voice was still loud but it had lost some of the edginess.  Speaking with Sol did him wonders.
“Husband, what’s wrong?” I asked.
They looked at me at the same time.
“Nothing.  It’s not a woman’s business,” he said impatiently.
I cocked my eyebrows at him.  “But you were discussing this with Sol —”
“Sol is a friend, someone I trust.”
Blood rose to my head, and I wanted to tell him that I was his wife, not merely a friend, and that he could trust me with whatever it was he’s planning on.  At that moment, I wanted to slap Sol and drag her outside, but I was afraid that Wind would lose his temper if Sol’s not around.
Sol’s face blanched, probably in pain.  Wind told me that she harbored no feelings toward him, but the way her face shadowed when she heard him refer to her as a friend, I knew that my husband was wrong.  I was younger than both of them by many moon-turns, but I wasn’t a fool.
“Where is my father?”
“He was out with his Royal Guards earlier.”  Wind said, carefully picking out his words.
“I didn’t chance upon him last night.  Did you?”
With a slow tip of his head, he answered, “It was already dawn when he came back —”
“And he had to leave again so early?”
My question caught him off guard, and I should have been worried by his reaction.
Wind swallowed, but his face was schooled.  “Sometimes, an emperor has got to do what he’s got to do.  He doesn’t tell me his whereabouts.”
He’s lying.  He must be.
“I have not heard from the emperor too,” Sol said.
Sol’s eyes didn’t give her away, but then again they hardly ever did.  With her cool mask of serenity, it was impossible to tell if she was lying.  
“I don’t need to explain to both of you.  Leave me alone,” Wind said.
I glanced at the soldier sprawled on the floor and knew I better not argue.  I would have to ask my father to provide better protection to the soldiers from Wind.  They were humans too and didn’t deserve to be smashed against walls.
I touched my belly and felt the baby kick against my hand.  I turned and left the chambers.  Back in my room, I knew what I should do.
I closed my eyes and prayed first.  Then on air, I wrote, “Father, come back.”
The burning words hung in the air and I stared at them as they slowly dissipated.  My words were so powerful they could make everything materialize.  When after a few hours my father didn’t show up, I told myself that he could be somewhere in the Lacay islands.  He loved fishing, and that’s what he did to release stress.  Maybe he’s traveling and he’s on his way back now.
It could take a while before he reaches the palace grounds.  Hours of waiting turned to days, and days to weeks, but my father did not set foot in the palace again.
I climbed the stairs to Wind’s chambers only to find him gone.
The halls were quiet, and there were only a few palace guards.  I didn’t know where they were.  I clenched my fist in frustration. Why would they leave the palace unguarded? Even though it was peaceful in Akea, reducing the number of soldiers could pose a threat to the Royal family.
Catching my breath, I finally reached Sol’s room.  I knocked three times before I heard her voice.  
“Come in,” she said.
I pushed the heavy doors and it was quite an effort for me.  I missed the soldier guarding her door.
“Sol,” I said.
Upon seeing me, Sol stood up quickly.  “My Lady,” Sol said and bowed halfway.
Instantly, I felt a certain level of calmness engulfed me and the panic I had over my missing father was replaced by a wave of tranquility.
“The emperor has not yet returned.  Do you have any word about him?”
She looked at me for a long time before answering, “I’m sorry, My Lady, but I have nothing to offer you.  It’s been weeks and I’m also worried.”
I choked on a sob because I didn’t know what happened to my father.  Should I tell Sol what my power is? Can I trust her? Can I tell her that I’m afraid for my father because I willed for him to come back and yet he did not return?
I could control my voice, but my eyes, they weren’t strong enough to hold back the well of tears that had been trying to escape me since that day I penned my father to return.  
Sol stood up from where she was sitting and held my hands.  “My Lady, please let me calm you.  The baby doesn’t have to be stressed out.”
I looked at Sol and wondered how someone as delightful as she could love someone as cruel and heartless like my husband? Was she an enemy or was she the friend I had been looking for?
I nodded to her and instantly, I felt my heart lightening.  My worries were pushed back somewhere far in my head where my emotions couldn’t reach them.
“Thank you,” I said.
“I’m at your service, My Lady, in as much as I’m pledged to the emperor of Akea,” she simply said.
Now that I was calmer, I could think better.  Somebody needed to know that my father was in trouble.  Should I search for the head of Palace Soldiers?  For the War General?  For the Advisor to the emperor? But there weren’t soldiers in the palace, at least no one that’s high-ranking.  That left me with Sol, another person who I believed had secrets as deep as mine.
 “My father’s in trouble.  I know it.  I can feel it inside my chest.  He had not returned even when I expected him to.”
Sol regarded me carefully.  “What do you mean even when you expected him to?”
I told her something I believed was of great significance and yet her face did not show any emotion.  How thrilling it must be to possess a power such as hers.
“I know.  I just know,” I said, still indecisive about revealing my secret.
“Then I can’t help you, My Lady.  What is it, hearsay? Did you chance upon the cooks gossiping in the kitchen?”
“No!”  I protested, shaking my head.  The tears were back.  “I asked him to come home, and he did not return.”
“How did you ask him if he’s not even in the palace?”
Before I knew it, I was telling Sol everything.  What my power was.  What I could do with it.  And how for too long now, I’d been expecting my father to come back, and still, I never heard a word from him.
She didn’t seem to believe me so I told her, “Walk to the door.”
Sol only looked at me.  
“Why, My Lady?” she asked.
“Just the reaction I was expecting — but when I write the words down,” I started writing on air the words that I commanded her earlier, “you will have no option but to do it.”
I looked up to find that she had stood up and had walked to the door.  She was standing beside it, her mouth slightly apart.  It would undoubtedly take a lot to surprise this woman.
“Goodness gracious.  Your power...  It’s...  I don’t know.  Unheard of?” Sol said.
“Nobody knows about it except my father, Wind, and now — you.”
Sol shivered.  Finally, I was able to break into her calmness.  
“And that’s how you knew the emperor’s in trouble,” she murmured, considering.  
I nodded, and tears rolled down my cheeks again.  
“Please, help him.  I’m with child; I can’t go out to organize a search party for him.”
She looked at me with sad eyes, “Of course, My Lady.  I’ll talk to Wind and to the general so that a search party can be deployed immediately.”
“The general is with my father, I believe,” I said.
“Right.  That leaves only Wind.  I’ll see what I can do.”
“No,” I said, alarmed.  Sol looked at me with questions in her eyes.  I stared at her defiantly, bending her to my will.  I may have spoken to her like a friend, but I’m still her Princess and with my father missing, I come first in the land.  She couldn’t go against my wishes.
“I understand, Lady Highness,” she said.
I stood up and after she curtsied to me, I left hurriedly, caressing my belly, trying to spare my baby any pain.  I had to be pristine for it because the nurses said that whatever emotion I had, my baby would share it too.
I couldn’t just stand here and wait for Sol’s advice though.  Timbukte.  He could help.  His people too.  It would be easy for them because they could make themselves invisible and search on their own.  Since no outsider knew what their power was, it would only be more to their advantage.  
I wondered how Nivans never registered their powers in Akea’s books.  But when I asked my father about it long ago, he only told me that it was an agreement between the first emperor of Akea and the Elder of Nivaton, not to have their powers registered.  I asked my father why because I didn’t understand.  It could be a threat to the empire, but he only told me that it was an agreement made between the strongest bloods, which meant that the vow not to be a threat to each other would always hold true.  And the story that Timbukte shared about the secret passage made the mystery clearer — it all added up.
When I reached my room, I changed into my riding clothes.  Lucia Sithar, my nurse, was quick and helped me get dressed.  
“My Lady, it’s beyond me to ask but —”
“Shut it,” I said and felt ashamed of myself.  My father told me to treat the servants kindly.  And here I was, snapping at one of them.  He also told me not to apologize verbally but to make up for my words by acting on the emotion.
I touched Lucia’s hand before she left, gave it a squeeze, and said, “Your services are always the best.  Thank you.”  It worked the way my father told me it would.  Red blossomed on her cheeks, and she gave me a quick smile before she curtsied and walked away.
I took a cloak and pulled it over my head to keep my face hidden.  There’s no need for it because Wind was not around, Sol didn’t know I was planning on going out, and there were hardly any soldiers to pay me any mind.  But lately, it’s becoming important to be careful.
Heading straight for the stables, I looked for Heeler.  I saw the stable boy as he stood up.  God, he is ugly.  He is huge and has broad shouders, and he loomed over me.  I glanced away, afraid that I might fixate over his ugly face and my baby will be cursed with the same.
“Please saddle Heeler,” I commanded.
“Madam, this is the Princess’s horse, I can’t let you ride him,” he said in a voice that’s so low I could only compare it to bumblebees’ buzzing — an entire beehive of them.  He puffed on the tobacco that he was holding and blew it out.  My stomach almost turned when I smelled it.
I pulled down the cloak covering my face and looked at him.  What an ungainly sight!
His eyes almost popped.  He curtsied and said, “My Lady, forgive me.  I’ll saddle your horse immediately,” he said as he turned around and went to Heeler.  He threw the tobacco down and stomped quickly on it to put it out.
In a few minutes, he was handing me the reins.
“My Lady, I don’t know where you’re going, but riding could be dangerous for the baby,” he said.
I appreciated his concern, but I must be steadfast.  It was only expected of a Princess to search for her father emperor.  
“Take no worry about it,” I said and started galloping away from him.
***
The road to Nivaton took longer for me than usual.  Maybe it was due to my bulging stomach.  Riding a horse had become a challenging activity for me.  I felt the baby kicking, probably annoyed at being pressed against the saddle.  
Something seemed to be wrong today, but I couldn’t point a finger to what it was.  
I saw horsemen approaching, galloping away from Mt. Ricuss.  I steered Heeler away, hiding from the soldiers.  As they passed by me, one glanced back but didn’t see me.
Overhead, I saw trails of clouds passed by as though they were chariots of clouds, and from a distance I caught sight of a number of soldiers riding with Wind.
The province was not usually visited by palace people, by Kanelan.  When the hooves’ sounds against the muddy ground grew softer, I went out of my hiding place and continued my journey.  It could still be hours before I reach Nivaton.  I had to be fast.
I came across a creek and filled my water bottle first.  I left the palace in such haste that I forgot to bring food, and with water being my only salvation from hunger, I drank greedily before going back to Heeler.  
When I was nearer the valley, I noted something different.  The ground showed signs of flooding.  There were some traces of puddles all around.  And the land was as soft as clay.  I tightened my hold on the reins and galloped although it was difficult with the mud closing in on the horse’s hooves.  
A trail of smoke rose above in the air and my heart stopped in my chest.  I kicked Heeler and she galloped faster, fighting her way through the mud and occasionally slipping but maintaining her ground.
And then I saw Nivaton.  It was getting dark, and maybe it was because of it that my heart melted at the sight of gloom surrounding me.
There was no one around.  There was a pile of charred — burnt, I don’t know — its foul stench infected the air.
I searched for Nivans, hoping to find them materializing out of thin air.  But nothing in the place stirred.  I panicked.  
“Timbukte?” I yelled.
I dismounted Heeler, no longer caring to rein her in.  
“Timbukte?” I shouted.  “Timbukte!”  
Only the echoes of my voice acknowledged my presence.  I ran all the way to Timbukte’s tree house, my heart beating faster.  
“Where are you?”
I tiptoed to reach the ropes securing the make-shift ladder and managed to pull it down.  Then I climbed as fast as I could, unmindful of my belly.  When I was inside his house, it was just the usual — spotless — like it had been slept in a day or two ago and was cleaned up after.  Hope flowed inside my chest.
“Timbukte? Where are you?” I shouted again.
I sat on his chair, touching the leather that he used to cover the arm rest.
I remember the vacated palace halls like it was stripped off with its soldiers, the sight across the towns that I passed, the air weighted with gloom, the soldiers that I ran into on my way here, the trail of clouds overhead with Wind and his soldiers, the mud, the puddles, and the signs of flooding all over.
I looked outside the window and stared at some fallen trees.
My heart pumped against my chest.  I looked at the burnt mess in the middle of the town and saw something white protruding from the pile.  From a distance, I couldn’t quite make out what it was.  I squinted, and when my sight cleared, I found myself staring at a skull.  Shivers ran up and down my spine, chill coursed through my blood, and goose bumps covered my arms.  I doubled over and vomited as realization hit me what the source of the foul stench was.  Nothing came out of my mouth except for water though.  When I was feeling better, I stood up, knees still weak.
“No!”  I shouted shrilly as I climbed down.  “Anybody home?”  No one answered.
“Please! Is anybody alive?” I asked.  “I’ll help you!”
I paused to listen, but there was still no response.  Even the usual melody of the birds could not be heard like they were mourning the death of Nivaton.
I felt my baby kick and touched my belly.  
“Be calm, dearest.  It’s going to be all right,” I said to it although it’s not going to be the same.  The town was lost.  No survivors?  I shouted again.  Listened.  Shouted.  Ran like a crazy woman.
No one could help me locate Northsam now.  
In hopelessness, I crouched down and on mud, I wrote, “Timbukte, come back to me.”  
I looked around, wanting to see a familiar set of footsteps mark the ground around me, but there was none.  He was gone.
I pulled tightly at my cloak that had gone muddy after all the running that I did.
I couldn’t give up this easily.  I climbed another house.  
“Hello?” I asked.
There was no one inside.  I slumped on the floor, losing all strength.  Nobody’s home.  No one would ever be home... again.
“Timbukte!”  I shouted one last time, hoping to be answered.  I paused, listening to my surroundings, straining my ears to pick up the slightest of sounds.  And then I heard a baby cry.  
The cries started in one house.  I stood up and glanced out, locating the place where the baby cried.  Another one cried from a different house.  I hurriedly went down and ran to the source of the cries, but before I could climb, they were gone, replaced by crying from another house.  I ran toward its source again, but the same thing happened.
Finally, I was able to catch up on one.  I climbed up, almost slipping because my arms and legs were tired already to support my weight.  Glad that I still heard the cries, I entered the house, but to my dismay, there was no baby.  I looked inside the rooms, and there’s no one.
I shivered, fearing the worst.  The place that had been so peaceful when it once was living was now littered with ghosts.
There’s no sign of life anywhere even with the babies’ crying.  I climbed down the tree house and looked for Heeler, but didn’t see my horse.  Heeler might have been scared too and ran away without me.
Tiredness caught up with me.  The coldness of the ground seeped through my sandals.  The foul stench of dead bodies filled the air.  My empty stomach complained.  I felt certain that I would collapse and the gods only know what would happen next if I should spend the night here.  I slumped on a fallen tree, trying to gather strength, and I started to cry.  For Northsam, for Nivaton, for Timbukte, for the babies’ crying.  It was too much.
I shuddered and my shoulders started shaking, sobs racking my entire body.  When I thought I couldn’t take it anymore, I gave in to the nausea that was fast trying to take me.  Nothing mattered anymore.  Even this baby inside of me; it would no longer see any future in Akea.  The chaos had started.  
My father told me not to meddle with the future, to not use my power to change the events.  And I never did.  But lying here on the mud, I thought to myself, maybe I should have had — when I could still have made a difference.  I should have trusted my instincts and believed my gut when I thought Wind to be a vile creature.  But lust! His charms! They drew me to him.  I let tears sting my eyes.
“My Lady,” I heard a soft rumbling and instantly opened my eyes.  “Let’s go home.  I’ll bring you back to the palace safely,” the stable boy said, and surprised as I was to see him, I had no energy left in me to ask him how he found me.  
Instead of answering him, finding hope in my rescue, I passed out.  It could be tiredness, or my pregnancy could not stand seeing such an ugly face.
I felt his strong arms wrapped around me, and we started the journey back to Kanela.  Most of the time I was unconscious.  I didn’t know what the future held.  But I vowed I would use my power now.  I hope there’s still time.  And then I was unconscious once again, bouncing on a horse, straddled to the stable boy for support.
***
I opened my eyes and found my body drenched with sweat.  It was a nightmare.  Again.  Like what I had been having these past months.  They always bring me back memories of the past.  The sad ones.  Those that I try to bury back.  
I stood up and went to get a glass of water.  On my way back to the room, I stopped in front of Kino’s door.  I turned the doorknob and peeked inside.  He was curled up in his bed, fast asleep.  His legs were not covered with the blanket because he had grown taller, and I had not yet made enough coins to buy us new sheets.  I went inside and tucked him in, careful not to wake him.  He stirred and turned to face me, but he was still asleep.
I touched his face and brushed brown hair away from his forehead.  He had my hair, but that was the only thing he got from me.  Awake, he was the spitting image of his father.  Then I dropped a soft kiss against his forehead.  After that, I stood up to leave.
“Nightmare again, mom?” he asked sleepily.
“No — I was just thirsty,” I said, not wanting to make him worry.
“I know you’re having nightmares because you talk in your sleep.”
It was dark and the shadows covered my face, but I felt myself blushing furiously.  I only hope he didn’t see the red fanning my face.
“Sleep now, Kino.  Let’s talk in the morning.” I turned around and went back to my room to rest.
I didn’t know that the nightmare still awaited me as my body hit the bed.
***
The next time I opened my eyes, I was naked under the sheets inside my room in the palace.  My body was sore all over.
As soon as I stirred, Lucia immediately got up to attend to me.  
“My Lady, please remain in bed.  I’ll call a Healer,” she said.  
I only needed my dress.  The weather was cold, so I hugged the blankets tighter as I stood up.  Lucia was quick enough, and I had to struggle with her before I finally managed to get out of the room.
“My Lady, please.  The Healer will be here as soon as I send word.  Please stay in bed —”
I ignored her and continued walking.  Pulling my skirts up, I walked faster.  
Was I ready to face my husband? There was no room for these thoughts anymore because I soon found myself in front of his chambers.  The guards greeted me, bowed, and opened the doors for me.
“What did you do to Nivaton?” I shouted.
Wind looked up.  “What a pleasant greeting to your husband,” he said coldly.
I fumed inside.  I controlled my voice before speaking again.  “I saw you with Palace Soldiers leaving the province.  A place that’s now dead —”
“I know about your whereabouts, wife.  How dare you leave the palace in your condition? If something happened to the baby, to my heir, your beautiful head could end in a pike.”
I paled.  “How dare you speak to me like that?” I shouted.
The soldiers tensed.  The sounds of swords unsheathing filled the air.  I didn’t know who they were for, Wind or me.  
Wind’s voice became softer.  “My wife, there are things that I have to do as an emperor.  Things that you may find repulsive.  But the truth is your father did them too.  To preserve what is good for the land.”
“You refer to yourself as the emperor?” My icy tone was back.
“There is no other way.  You will understand.”
Before I could stop myself, I flung myself at him, slapping him on both cheeks.  The third time that I raised my hand to do it again, he caught my wrist.  
“This is the only time I’ll let this pass.  While I’m still not declared all over the land.  But the next time you do this,” he paused, shaking his head slightly.  Then he added, “No, there will be no next time.”
I felt a wave of air enveloping me, lifting me from the floor.  His eyes were glaring at me, the gray in them burning, and I felt the truth in what he said earlier.  He raised his right arm and swung it, throwing me against a wall so fast that I didn’t get a chance to at least blink.  I braced myself, expecting my body to hit the walls, but then it stopped, and I found myself inches away from the wall.
“That’s what’s going to happen next time.  I’ll forget that you are my wife.  You’ll pay for every vile word that will ever leave your mouth.  If you so much as threaten me, speak loudly at me, question my actions, I swear, one bad word out of that beautiful mouth of yours, and you’re —”
He didn’t finish his sentence, but I knew what he had been meaning to say.
I saw Sol as she entered the chambers.  She looked quite the lady she also was.  Her black hair was loose and hanging up to her waist, and her slender body swayed gracefully as she moved around.  She stopped beside Wind.  She was all calmness but when she saw me suspended in the air, her face registered shock for a brief moment.
“Wind, dear god.  Bring Princess Lamare down —”
I didn’t have to fear for my life then because Sol has some power over Wind.  She could calm him.
Grateful for the marble floors under my feet, I gulped air.  I felt the baby kick inside my belly.
Sol moved toward me.  “My Lady, please let me.”
I let her touch me and calmness crept up my body, making me lose the fear I had earlier because of Wind.  Then Sol went back beside Wind.
Footsteps were loud against the palace floors, and I found myself staring at the stable boy.  He stopped in front of Wind and prostrated.
“My Lord,” he said in a rumbling voice.
“Stand,” Wind commanded.  “Tell me where you gathered Princess Lamare.”
The stable boy stood up slowly, his hulking figure swaying awkwardly at first.  When he started speaking, his body stopped moving.
“I was in the stables, watching out for the horses when a woman approached me. A cloak covered her face.  I didn’t know it was the Lady Lamare.  When she commanded to saddle Heeler, I told her I couldn’t do it because the horse was the Princess’s.  Then she pulled her cloak down and I saw her face.  I haven’t seen her before, but I’ve heard friggin’ stories about how when you see her, you will know it is she because her beautiful face is unparalleled by any other woman’s across all of Akea, and that was what I saw looking at her… Her beauty is indeed incomparable and —”
A whip of air landed on the stable boy’s back and he stopped talking.  His badly stained teeth showed through his open mouth. 
“Are you professing your love to my wife or are you telling the story of how you found her in Nivaton?” Wind asked in a hostile tone.
The stable boy gritted his teeth before answering.  “I’m sorry, My Lord.  It’s just that looking at her, I knew she must be the Princess.  She is really lovely that when I saw her my heart literally got caught in my friggin’ chest and —”
Another whip lashed his back, and he didn’t flinch this time.  I didn’t know if I should be flattered by his gushes or if I should feel pity over this huge man.
“Stop cursing!”  Wind yelled.
The stable boy blinked several times before he continued.
“I saddled Heeler.  I told Lady Lamare that taking a trip would be dangerous for the baby, but she said not to worry about it.  Then she galloped away, leaving me staring after her.”
We were all listening to his account of the story.  Even the soldiers who brought him in and the guards on the door were waiting for what he’s going to say next.
“And you didn’t restrain her from leaving? Seeing that she is putting the baby, my heir, in danger?” Wind asked.
The stable boy shook his head.  “No, My Lord, forgive me.  I was quite taken by her charms.  When she left, I stared after her.  I couldn’t believe my luck.  I’ve been stationed in the stables for more than a moon-turn, and finally, I got to see what all the men were talking about.”
Wind’s eyes were popping.  I’m pretty sure he was mad about this nonsense rambling about my looks.  I wanted to laugh, but the situation didn’t call for it.
A soldier wasn’t successful in controlling his laughter though.  Somebody snickered from my back!
I wanted to see who it was, red flaming my cheeks.  But before I could do so, I heard a loud thud followed by sounds of metals crashing against paved walls.  
Sol rolled her eyes.  
“I don’t tolerate laughter in my presence,” Wind said.
The stable boy’s body went stiff.  “My Lord, if I may continue?”
Wind nodded.  “One more word about how you were mesmerized by her looks and you would never find a place in this palace anymore.”
“My apologies, My Lord,” he said nervously.  “It took me a few hours before I realized that I couldn’t let her leave alone, shouldn’t have done so.  I went to find another horse, one that wouldn’t be missed in case I took it.  I was wrong, My Lord.  Because taking a bad horse meant that I would be slow and would reach her late.  And with my weight, it posed quite a challenge for the horse.”  He paused.  “I had difficulty following the trail once she entered the road to Nivaton because a lot of horses’ hooves marked the land.  And with my weight, the horse’s legs got stuck to the mud more than once.  I had to stop and help the horse get through the muddy ground —”
Was he rather slow in the mind or something? I wondered to myself.  Surely he knew that he sounded funny relating all of these events, and I was pretty sure Wind would lose his temper once again.
Somebody snickered from my back, and I was afraid that if ever Wind heard it too, another soldier would find himself badly sprawled against the floor.  I had to do something.  
“Please skip the parts that are of no significance to us,” I said and looked at the stable boy.  It was a mistake.  He took one look at me, and he grinned! Oh my god, he was acting like a lovesick puppy.
Wind lifted the stable boy in the air.
“What is your name, you horrible son of a bitch?”
He swallowed.  “Dogan Ronda, My Lord.”
“Dogan,” he said.  “I don’t know what could make you tell the story faster, and I could understand your fascination with my wife.  Looking at you, your mother must have regretted sleeping with your father.”  Then he released him and the stable boy fell forward.  He rose to his feet.
Dogan’s eyes registered hate and the next time he spoke, all the embellishments were removed.  Facts.  He only said what were necessary.
“The trails finally led me to her, in the middle of the town, and I found her just as she was about to pass out.  I carried her in my arms.  Her horse was gone so I had to take her in mine, but with the additional weight, we were slow in returning.  After we left Nivaton, to make our travel faster, I let her ride the horse alone.  I’m a strong man, being on my feet is as good as riding a horse,” he finished.
Wind looked at me.  “You see, wife.  I don’t know why you went there.”  His forehead creased, and he shrugged his shoulders.  “It’s of no consequence to me today.  I don’t want to hear it.  Intriguing, yes.  But it’s a waste of my time.  Let me just make one thing clear — I’m watching you.”  He waved his hand and dismissed Dogan, but before he could leave, shouts from outside the chambers were heard.
“Dead! The emperor is dead!”
It was followed by loud footsteps entering the chambers.  The soldiers were quick.  They pulled their helmets down, raised their swords and prepared for battle.  Sol was immediately by my side.  She took my hand and pulled me.
“Come on.  We have to leave,” she said urgently.
A throng of soldiers entered and fought with Palace Soldiers.  I couldn’t make out who was fighting who.  They were all wearing the same armors, which could only mean that the Palace Soldiers were divided.  The sound of swords against swords and against armors filled the air, and bodies running, fighting, falling down, were all I could see.  
Sol was still pulling at me, but I didn’t want to leave.  Everything was happening so fast.  The stable boy picked up a sword, he swung it, and a body fell to the floor.  Wind was caught off guard by the commotion that he wasn’t able to summon air to protect himself.
From the door, a man took an arrow and aimed at me.  Then he moved his aim and directed it at Wind.  Complicated as he was, Wind was still my husband and such a tie to him could not so easily be broken.  My instinct was to protect him.
“No!”  I shouted.
Dogan turned to look and saw the man with the arrow, and who he was aiming at.  The man let go of the arrow, and it went speeding through the air.  Dogan jumped quickly to protect Wind; his massive body lifted in the air and caught the arrow before he fell to the floor.
Wind’s shock vanished.  He opened his arms, closed his eyes and summoned air to protect himself like it was an invisible shield.  Sol and I were too far from him, so we had to run toward him and hide behind the throne.  
The soldiers siding with Wind were able to quench the first sign of rebellion in Akea.  
In a cold voice, Wind commanded the soldiers to take the rebel soldiers as prisoners.
I watched in horror.  Dozens of bodies dead in an instant.  The palace floors covered with blood — with Akean blood.  I didn’t know which ones belonged to the rebels and which ones to those who sided with Wind.  And why was there a rebellion in the first place? Why did somebody shout that the emperor is dead? Had they found Northsam?
A soldier was removing his sword from the body of the man who almost took Wind’s life.  I ran toward my husband to embrace him, but I had been too slow.  Seeing to his safety only came to me as an afterthought.  Sol was already beside him, attending to him, seeing to it that he wasn’t hurt.
I was jealous and wanted to slap her.  I knew they had a special bond.  But I couldn’t bring myself to be angry.  It was something that I didn’t understand — why I wasn’t mad at them.  
Instead, I ran toward Dogan who was now in a sitting position as he tried to remove the arrow from his back.
“Don’t,” I said.  “Let me.”  I pulled the arrow gently, but the arrow wouldn’t budge.  There was no way I could go tender with the task.  Dogan let out a yelp as I pulled the arrow rapidly.  Then I stood up and moved to see if there’s anything I could still offer the other fallen soldiers.  Before I reached them, I turned around and saw Dogan smiling, holding the arrow in his hands.
After a few hours, what came next still caught me by surprise.  All the citizens were gathered in the palace grounds.  The Akean flag was pulled down, and it stopped when it was only a few feet from the ground.  The golden bell beside the flagpole tolled and I knew a significant announcement was to be made.
The crowd hushed.  
“Akeans, it is with my deepest regret that I have to bring you this news.  Northsam Mendel Amark is no more,” Wind began.
There were cries from all around us.  An old lady collapsed.  A few curses filled the air.  I was frozen on the spot as Wind’s words pierced my heart.  But I knew this already.  Regardless, his words still poisoned me as though it was the first time that I learned about it.
The golden bell tolled fourteen times, and I braced myself for what was to come next, a new emperor would be crowned.  I didn’t want to claim the throne because it would only mean acceptance of Northsam’s fate.  But for the people, for those who needed a ruler, I had to do what I must.
I stepped forward in anticipation of what was to come next.  I would be declared as the Empress in my father’s absence.  And since Wind had the blessings of Northsam already, he would be declared rightfully as my consort.  A partner in ruling Akea.  
The Elders went to where Wind was and they gathered around him.
“Akea bids Northsam farewell.  For what he had been to the land.  For what his blood will still do to the land.  For the future that will come rising after his blood,” they said together.
Something’s wrong!  My mind raced.  What was happening? 
The Elders lifted their hands and said, “Akea welcomes McWindstorm Arren, the emperor of the Two Moons — the blood that will protect and nourish Akea.  Akea is his inasmuch as he is Akea’s.”
“No!” I shouted.  This was not how it should go.  “He’s my consort!  I am to be crowned!”
Wind turned to face me.  His face was calm, but there was a dangerous glint to his eyes.
“Traditions change, my wife.  And there is no precedent for a woman to rule Akea.  You will stand by me as I rule the land,” he said.  I looked around at the Elders, at the War generals, but they didn’t object.
An old War General rushed toward us and raised a sword at Wind.
“You will not have the land,” he shouted as he slashed his sword at Wind.
But it was in vain.  Wind raised his hand, and immediately the War General fell.  There was a loud crash as the sword fell to the marble stage floor.  Then the War General was lifted in front of all the people.
“Akeans, witness what would become of anybody who dare question my rule,” Wind announced.  
The sword moved and was lifted in air.  It stopped in front of the War General’s face.
“You will burn!” he shouted at Wind.  “Akea will not tolerate your rule!”
“There is no place for you in this land anymore,” Wind said coldly.  Then he laughed mockingly and shouted, “What could be more ironic than a War General arguing against the man he should be protecting?”
The crowd hushed and nobody seemed to breathe.  Nobody dared to open his mouth to answer Wind’s question for everybody knew it was meant only to taunt.
Then without hesitation, Wind declared, “For a War General to find death with his own sword.”  At that same moment, the sword quickly slashed at the general’s head.  The head rolled several paces away before it stopped, the face upturned as though gazing at the heavens and asking the gods what had gone so wrong.  
Wind let go of his hold on the body and it fell in a heap.
This time, the tension was so rigid that it could instantly be broken had someone else all but opened his mouth.
“You will end this now, Wind.  You will relinquish the land to me,” I yelled.
He met my eyes coldly.  
“If one general would stand behind you to offer support, I would.”  Wind looked around at the War Generals, and they did not meet his gaze.
“General Paterno?” I summoned.  But he didn’t meet my eyes.  
I sank to my knees.  It was all too much to take in.  
Northsam was declared dead, but there was no body found.  It was never done before.  There was no proper funeral.  How could they do this to my father?
A War General was beheaded publicly and no arms were raised to defend him.  And then my rule, my crown, my heritage… I had to stand behind a man to rule the land.  It’s never supposed to end this way.
I was sweating all over, and I felt so weak.  My heart twisted inside my chest. Then tears started to roll down my face.  The faces of Akeans flashed in my eyes, the cheers shrouding my hearing.  It was as if the people conspired to erase my father from the land.  I was in panic, nausea started in my gut.  My hands searched for something to support me as I stood up.  I almost fell on my knees, my emotions making me weak.
The voices became loud, cheering Wind’s new rule.  Wind’s face was all I could see.  The people who cheered taunted me.  My father — he was declared to be dead — and the people, they accepted! 
I was a plethora of emotions.  When I looked down, I saw that blood had gathered at my feet.  I was bleeding.  The baby.
“No!”  I shouted.  I went hysterical.  I can’t lose the baby too.  
Sol turned and saw me.  She quickly moved forward and grabbed my shoulders to steady me.  
“My Lady,” she said.  Instantly, I felt a wave of calmness spread throughout my body.  I went limp.  A soldier was quick to catch me, and I was rushed to the birthing room, to try to save the new emperor’s heir.
***
I twisted in my bed and opened my eyes, surprised that I had fallen asleep again after that horrible nightmare.  A wave of cold air passed through me, but it still took me seconds before I realized where I was.  Here, in my room in a cottage in Wawang.  Not the palace rooms.  This is where I was sent after I gave birth to Kino.
The nightmares keep coming back.  I don’t want to sleep anymore, afraid of what would come next.  So I stood up and went to my bedside table.  I lit a candle and opened a fresh scroll.  I dipped the pen in ink and started writing the next events that would happen in Akea.
I had been sitting in front of the desk for a long time, still shivering.  Memories still haunted me.  I have to let go and start planning how Kino and I could escape the Emperor.  There is nothing left for me in the province of Kanela.  We have to move somewhere far away from the palace.  Surely, there is still a place where we can hide where Wind can’t chase us.
And it has to be soon too.  Before Wind asks me to write the death of people I love.  Before he asks me to take Kino’s life in the scroll.  That time will come and heavens forbid, but I will not do that.  My body will be embraced by mother Akea first before it does my son’s.  I swear.
Northsam… I whispered.  I wish you were still here.  Timbukte… I cried.
Courage is what I should harness.  But I’m weak.  I have no ally.  And my boy is so young.  After I stripped him of his power, what can I do to bring it back?
In every scroll that I write, I end it with the usual “and Kino, is as he always is, never a citizen of Akea.”  Because that was the only way I could get Wind not to kill my son, by controlling my son’s power from manifesting so that he will never be a threat to Wind.  My son will never be a citizen, and as a mother, I don’t know which one is more cruel — to let her son live a life without any power or to let him live with power if only for a short time.  The problem is, the way things are, I have no choice anymore.
I heard someone knocking on my door and I quickly dabbed at my eyes to dry them.  The door opened, squeaking slightly on the hinges, and I saw my son.
“Mom, I brought you tea.  To help you sleep,” he said and moved toward me.
I smiled at him.  “Thank you.”
He hugged me.  “The nightmares are back?”
I wanted to deny them.  To tell Kino that there’s no need to worry.  But he is already twelve moon-turns, and I’ve been looking everywhere for an ally.  Perhaps I shouldn’t look very far because right in front of me is the only one that will never give up on me.
I nodded, trying to hide the fear in my eyes, and all the while ashamed about being afraid.
Kino hugged me tighter and I returned it.  
“Drink it, mom.  It will soothe your nerves,” he said.
How I long for a dose of Sol’s power right now.  She will know how to work my tension.  I sipped from the mug.  When I was halfway done, Kino took my hands.
“Stop writing, mom.  I’ll put you back to sleep.”  My boy is slowly growing up to be a pleasant young man.  For all the terrible things in this world, there’s he — my sole reason for not giving up on life.
I lay myself back in bed.  He brushed the hair that fell on my forehead and kissed it.  This time the son became the parent, and I almost cried.  He moved to the table and blew out the candle.  When he was about to leave, I called out to him.
“Kino, please stay with me,” I said in a bare whisper.
He turned around and smiled.  “Don’t worry, mom.  I’ll guard you as you sleep,” he said.  He carried the chair that I use when I write near my bed and then he took my hand as he sat down.  I smiled at him reassuringly before closing my eyes, yearning for a peaceful sleep this time.
***
I was back in my room in the palace, lying in bed while a multitude of candles kept the room lit.  The furnace was burning, leaving the room ever so slightly warm.  Nowadays, nothing seemed to keep the cold at bay.  I pulled the blanket tighter around me as though keeping myself buried under the sheets could protect me from my husband and from the chaos that started already.
Lucia moved from the corner, and I realized I wasn’t alone in the room.  When she saw that I was awake, she went out and I heard her speaking to the soldier guarding my room.
“Her Lady Highness is awake, please tell His Royal Highness,” Lucia said.
I choked upon hearing my new title, Lady Highness.  It meant that I was the Crowned Emperor’s consort.  Otherwise, Lucia would have referred to me as Her Royal Highness.
Lucia walked back in and asked me if I was hungry.  I shook my head.  I didn’t want to eat.  I felt horrible.
The door opened and Wind walked in wearing the red robe with gold trimmings on the waistband.  It was only meant to be worn by the emperor, and I had to control myself to not spring up from bed and tear the robes from his body.
“My wife, you worry me,” he said.  “And the baby…”
I panicked.  My hands immediately went to my belly and I felt the baby kick against my hands as if telling me that it’s still alive.  I sighed in relief.
Wind was silent for a moment.  He had the gall to hold my hand.
“I’m the emperor now, sad as it may be because that only meant that Northsam is gone,” he said softly.  “I’ll need your power.  To help me rule Akea —”
“No!”  I said.
“There will be rebellions all over the land.  Citizens would want to know what happened to Northsam.  I can’t do it alone.  But with your power, you only need to write the words down for peace to return to Akea, and it will be done.”
I closed my eyes.  He was right.  If I cared for my land, that’s what I’d do.  But it would also mean that Wind would hold Akea for the gods knew how long.  I wasn’t sure if that’s wise.  Wind was a strong leader and could very well be a good emperor, but his moods scared me.  And not so long ago, he betrayed me for taking the crown for himself.  How much of my husband could I really trust after all these?
I hated it that I couldn’t use my power to change the past.  It was my power’s only flaw.
“I will not use my power to trick people into believing that you are the emperor fit to rule this land.”  My voice was shaking.  I was angry.
The door slammed shut loudly and it gave me a start.  It was just Wind and I in the room and he must have used his power to seal us inside.
“You will do as I say if you want to have a place in Akea.”  The words came out cold like they were threats, but Wind wouldn’t harm me.  It was the most natural thing in the world, emperors wanting to have their bloodlines continue, and Wind wanted nothing less.  As long as my baby was still inside me, I was safe.
“No.  Never,” I said stubbornly.
His face hardened and when he next spoke it was softer.
“You will always remember this time that I asked nicely because when I finally figure out how to control your power, you’ll regret this moment and shiver each time you remember how you let this chance pass,” he paused.  “I’ll never forget that you once denied your power to support me.”  He stood up and went outside, leaving me alone as his words lashed against my already bleeding heart.
Sol’s the only one who could help Wind because her power balanced him.  Believing this to be true, I did the only thing I thought was fitting.
In the air, I wrote, “Sol will always be a righteous woman.”  Because I couldn’t let her sink in the darkness that consumed Wind.  And with Sol being good, I had leverage.  She would be able to help Akeans.  
Perhaps there was no need for me to use my power to become the empress.  I would take back what is mine, but not by using my power.
It was after two weeks that I gave birth to a boy.  The news travelled quickly.  My son was sickly and he wouldn’t open his eyes.  When he was brought to me for his feeding, I stared at the thin boy that was so little I feared for his life.  He never cried, and when it was his nursing time, he never grappled at my breast to suck.  I had to offer my nipple to him and squeeze my breast so that milk would come out.  And when he started sucking, it was only then that I would be able to sigh with relief.
Please be okay.  Please live.  I need you.
And just like that, after whispering to him that I needed him, he opened his eyes and looked at me as though he knew he’d be the only source of my strength starting then.
I stared back at him, thanking the gods for letting him live.  I prayed that his health would continue improving by the day.  When Lucia went in to take the boy, Kino, she said, “What lovely eyes, Lady Highness.  They are as green as the leaves in springtime.”
My heart thudded against my chest.  “What did you say?”
“Second to the Throne’s eyes — they’re as green as leaves in springtime,” she repeated, puzzled.
“Bring him back to me,” I said, panic washing over me.
I took Kino in my arms and looked at him.  Lucia was right.  He had green eyes.  I didn’t notice it immediately.  Looking at them now, I feared for his life — and mine.
I clutched Kino tightly against me.
“Leave us,” I commanded.  Lucia hesitated, but she obeyed, curtsied, and left the room.
I didn’t know what to do.  In case Wind sees my son’s eyes, he would kill Kino.  And I couldn’t let that happen.  I moved quickly, my full strength had not returned yet, but fearing for both our lives made me stronger.
I put Kino in bed and took out some clothes.  I took only a few riding clothes, a dress, and two blankets.  Enough to protect us from the cold.  Then I put them inside a pack and picked it up.  There’s no food.  But I could find shelter somewhere in the forest and raise Kino alone.  As long as I didn’t run out of breast milk, he would survive.  We had to escape.
Now.
The door opened and I saw Wind.  He was furious.  He strode quickly to Kino and reached him first.  He pulled him up.
“It’s true!” he shouted.  “My heir is a bastard!”
“Please — Wind — don’t,” I begged.
“You dare humiliate me all over Akea? Do you know what this will do to me? It will break the land.  It will not only start a rebellion, it will be a cause for me to lose my reign completely —”
He was holding Kino too tightly.
“Give me back my baby —”
“Your baby — not ours,” he said sarcastically.  
I wish Sol were here.
“Please, don’t hurt him.”
“Why? This baby will destroy me and all that I ever worked for.  And here I am worrying like a fool over a baby that wasn’t even mine — he is nothing to me,” he raised his arms and let go of the baby.  
I saw Kino float, air holding him up.  I tried to reach him, but Wind was strong.  He tied me with air and lifted me up.  I started flailing against the invisible binds that held me.
He put me right in front of Kino.  My baby started crying, angry at being lifted above.  I was looking directly at him, wanting to take him in my arms to make him stop but I couldn’t get past the binds.
“Look at your boy because this is the last time you’ll ever see him again,” he hissed.  Then he swung his hand and I felt my body slam against the wall.  The hard slabs of the palace walls left long welts all over my back.  Needles of pain shot up from my limbs to my neck as I fell on the floor.  If Wind did the same to my baby, he would die.
“Watch, my wife.  This is how I’ll end his life.  Watch.  So you will learn not to spit on my face again.”
I was trembling with fear.  “No! Please, I’ll do what you want!”
“There is no atonement for betrayal!” he shouted.  His eyes were burning with fire.
“Please…  There must be something I can do to make it right!”
Wind laughed and I shivered as it was the only time I heard him made that sound.
“I’m begging you, my good emperor.  My fair Highness, I implore you to listen to my wails,” I sobbed.
That caught Wind’s attention.  “Renounce your power.”
I gasped, but I knew I had no choice.  I wrote on air, “Put Kino in bed.”  And just like that Kino was safely back in bed.  I wrote again, “stop crying,” and Kino was silent in a heartbeat.
Wind walked toward me and slapped me hard across the face.  “You will not use your power on me,” he said furiously.  His eyes were back to angry slits.  
“I’ll let you use my power if you will spare his life,” I said.
“Prove it.”
I didn’t know how to transfer my power to him, and even if I did, I couldn’t let him take full control of it.  I ran toward the table and found a scroll.  I wrote on it, fast.  Then I showed him.
“The words I write will only come true if it is burnt with lightning using the Emperor’s power.”
He read my words and they seemed to satisfy him.
I wrote on air, “Kneel in front of me.”
Wind’s eyes bulged, angry at what I wanted him to do.  But his face was shocked when he didn’t find himself kneeling in front of me.
“Good.  Now you know your place,” he said.
“But you can’t kill Kino —”
He stopped as if weighing things inside his head.  “He will have power later on… I don’t want him to be a threat to me.  So write this down.  Kino is never a citizen.”
I chilled because I knew that being a citizen meant you were recognized for your power.  And if Kino would never be one, he would be the only person in the land without any power.  Already, my heart was bleeding for him.
“Do it!” he shouted.  “Before I change my mind.”
And Wind meant it too.  So I wrote the words he dictated and waited for him to burn the script.
“Prove to me that it’s working.”
I wrote on the scroll, “Sol will come to Lamare’s room.”
I watched as he burned each word with lightning coming out of his forefinger.  As soon as the last letters burned, we waited only seconds, and a knock on the door came.
It opened and Sol entered, which was to my benefit because with the sudden turn of events, I would need her to calm me down.  I ran to the bed and clutched Kino to my chest.
“You will leave the palace,” Wind said.
I wasn’t surprised to hear it, but I didn’t think I was ready to go.  I have not tended to myself, and I was always used to being attended to by my ladies-in-waiting.
Sol was surprised.  She opened her mouth to protest.  “Sol, please leave us.”  She hesitated but she knew she couldn’t argue with him.  At least not after feeling the tension in the air.
When she was out, Wind said, “Write this down.  The Lady Lamare will be forgotten.  The boy will be forgotten.  The Lady’s and the boy’s connection to the emperor will be no more.  From now on, Lady Lamare will only be known as a Royal Scribe in Akea.”
I gasped.  “Please, Wind, you can’t strip me off my heritage!”
“Write it down before I change my mind and kill your bastard.”
“But please,” my voice shook in terror over what he wanted me to do.
“Write it down!  I will now rule Akea alone.  I will not shame myself with your bastard.”
I cried as I wrote the words down, fearing for the future that I created for my son and me.  But a future of uncertainty was better than none.  So even with a heavy heart, I did.  
That was how I ended up in a far village in Wawang, hundreds of miles away from Kanelan Palace, in a cottage with my son.  Lamare Aristin Amark, Princess of Akea, Descendant of Amark bloodline, Eldest of Northsam was not even honored in the people’s mind as a memory.
Since then I had only been Lamare Amark, Royal Scribe to His Royal Highness, writing stories to survive — for a few coins that the Emperor paid me.
***
I woke up holding Kino’s hand.  His presence didn’t prevent the nightmare from coming back.  I found him sleeping in the chair and my heart went out to him.  My son didn’t deserve to suffer.
I stood up and kissed him on the forehead.
It is time to start planning.  Whatever it takes, I will release him.  He will take what is his — if not his right to claim the empire, at least for the birth right of each Akean — citizenship.  I don’t know what his power is, but I swear to the gods, I’ll find a way to bring it back.  I have to trick Wind.  It will be difficult because if he sees something I write that he doesn’t like, he will not burn the words.  And they won’t come true.  So I have to carefully plan this.
I went to the kitchen and started the fire.  Today, I’ll make us stew.  Bread alone can’t give us strength, and Kino and I will need it in the days to come. 







PART 2 – Webs and Connections

Chapter 11 - Dogan Ronda

The palace is particularly loud today and not even the sounds coming from the guards’ boots can be heard over the noise made by the crowd.  Here in the chamber, several floors above the main lobby, the cacophony is even stronger.  
The receiving area is packed which added to the unrest inside the palace.  When Wind became the emperor, he moved the receiving rooms to higher floors to discourage people from seeking an audience with him.  It worked for a time because it was mostly old people wanting to contest their funds who wanted to meet with him.  But lately, things have been changing.
These people in the receiving area are mostly from the south who probably want to ask for bigger parcels of land to farm.  The weather is miserable, and a bigger piece will at least allow most farmers to amass a greater share come harvest season.  There are also some merchants with chests to offer as gifts to seek protection from the palace.
I like this area because it’s the place that doesn’t discriminate the ranks of the people.  Here, the rich sits with the poor and shares the same friggin’ air to breathe.
The large windows on the opposite sides of the room give a magnificent view of Luna and Risa.  Today, no clouds hide the moons, which means that the temperature is hotter.  Sometimes, I think the windows were added not to fascinate the people of the majestic view of the moons, but rather, to swelter them into losing their patience as they wait for their turn to speak with the emperor.
Wind is unquestionably cunning — I have to give him that.
A man with a tanned face watched the soldiers impassively.  From the way he was dressed, with the collars of his shirt folded down and the sleeves rolled up to his biceps, I could guess that he is a farmer from the south — maybe Rudiah or Derella.
Derella is my province and agriculture and fishing flourish there.  It lies south of Akea, mostly surrounded by water, and has a lot of fertile lands making it one of the richest provinces in Akea.  I don’t have to worry about my old man there.  He makes enough in our farm to sustain himself and mother and still shell out some more to help out relatives.
When I was smaller — or rather, when I was younger — because I don’t reckon ever being small in someone else’s eyes, I was glad to be in Derella.  But as I grew up, with muscles building up in my body even if I lazed around, I thought that I could do something better with my life than swim the oceans and catch fish.
I was always teased because of my friggin’ looks, and well, the moon-turns had not been kind to me.  No girl ever dared look at me twice and the boys didn’t want to have anything to do with me.  They were always much smaller than I so they couldn’t bully me, but they never befriended me too.  I tried to be sociable, but I never gained a friend.
When I was older and was brought to the palace for the presentation of my power to the emperor, I was awed by the place.  The Kanelan Palace grounds was so gigantic and picturesque, and to eyes that only saw the greenery of the fields, the red bricks and white walls came as impressive.  I knew then what beautiful meant and how it felt to be in awe of something so pretty.
Like Lamare.  I smiled to myself just thinking about her.  If ever there was one good thing that happened to me when I went to Kanela, it was meeting her.
She reminds me of someone — of a memory or of a dream — I’m not sure exactly which.  The memory was so faded in my mind that sometimes, it felt like it’s only a dream.  And honestly, as days went by, the more uncertain about the memory I became.
I was a stable boy once, friggin’ in love with a beautiful Princess.  I don’t know how I can say she’s beautiful when I don’t even remember her face.
Anyway, a long time ago, there was a beautiful Princess who was married to Wind and when I met her, my life changed.  It was only happenstance, but meeting the Princess gave me a chance to talk to Wind.  In that same event, I managed to save Wind’s life, making me eligible to be hired as a palace guard.  Now, an awful lot of moon-turns later, after Wind rose to power, I became his personal Man-Shield.  It still didn’t help me with the ladies, but at least I was respected by the men.
I’m still not familiar with the ladies though.  I don’t friggin’ understand them.  I’d rather spend the days out in the battlefields engaging and leading wars or protecting the emperor during his visits to the other provinces.  But put a woman in front of me and if she so much as bats her eyelashes, I’ll grin like a friggin’ idiot.  If she were to smile, that would be lovely, but you know — with this cursed face — chances are she would have run far away already before realization hit her that it’s a human that smiled at her and not an ogre.
The weather is humid again and I long for the rain that Wind brings.  Now, he has real power! His power is storm, and I can only imagine his satisfaction and his pride over it.  For one, he can control air.
I remember the first time I met him, he asked me where I found the Princess.  Some of the memories of that meeting were muddled in my head.  Sometimes, when I close my eyes, it’s Lamare’s face I see, but I got it wrong.  She wasn’t the Princess of Akea.
Anyway, I was telling the emperor about the story of how I found the Princess, how she wanted me to saddle a horse, when out of nowhere I felt a whip lashed against my back.  My mouth hung open in fascination.  When I continued and blundered again, I felt the whip once more.  How great the emperor’s power is.  If I have something as potent — I don’t know, maybe I’ll be the one sitting on the throne now.
Not only air, the emperor can also summon storms.  Water — now that’s a different matter.  I have not seen him control it directly like create waves, but he can like when he makes rain fall in buckets and flood rises.  It’s scary, and I should be mad at him when he lashes and storm clouds gather in the sky.  Admittedly, my chest stirs too, whenever I disagree with palace circulars.  Maybe, there’s also a trace of hatred in my heart for him.  Then again, he is charming, and I couldn’t bring myself to hate him completely.  It’s a tough emotional battle, being so close to the emperor.
I know why — it’s because when Wind rose to power and replaced the emperor, part of Northsam’s charms was passed on to Wind to show the dominion that Northsam selected the successor emperor without prejudice to the people.  That him bestowing upon the new ruler part of his power manifested his trust to the successor.  In that way, the emperor is unique.  He becomes the only one who has more than one power across Akea… Actually, I think he has three.  His own power, the one passed on by the prior emperor, and the power to age wine — the last is needed to continue the traditions of presenting children and ordaining them citizens of the land in a celebration during the full turning of the moons — the Akean Wine Festival.
I find all of this friggin’ unfair.  Why would anybody be allowed to have three different powers when some citizens had pitiful powers?  So friggin’ unfair!
“Wait until your name gets called,” Boni Lanto said.  I watched as the tall soldier pushed a man back to his seat.
“Boni,” I said.  He looked at the man one more time before moving toward me.  When he’s beside me, I whispered, “I told you not to touch the people.  We are soldiers of the land.  Our commitment is to serve, not to use force on them.”
Boni frowned.  “What good is power if we can’t use it to make our jobs easier? I stand all day listening to a bunch of them complain,” he said as he pointed to the people crowded in the sitting room, waiting for their turns to raise their concerns to the emperor.  “And what about us? Huh? The emperor doesn’t care enough to replace our battered armors.”
I smirked.  The armors had seen moon-turns of fighting and they were sent to the blacksmith more than I could ever count with my fingers and toes already, but they are workable and can still preserve our lives.  “There are more important things needed by Akea aside from these armors,” I said although I only half-believed it.
“You’re wrong, Dogan.  If we get killed in battle, Akea will not hold against rebellions.”
“Who said anything about rebellions?” I asked.
Boni blushed and mumbled something incoherent.  “I’m loyal to the emperor, and I’ll fight with him to the death — but I just wish that sometimes, he’d put more importance to our needs.”
Boni didn’t answer my question.  “Why do you keep on talking about battles? No citizen will dare raise arms against Kanela —”
“Where have you been? Haven’t you been paying attention to what’s happening around here? Aren’t you curious what these people are doing here? Those who don’t want bigger parcels of land are trying to seek refuge in Kanela.  There is no place for them here.  If the capital is filled with vagrants, we won’t be able to defend the place fully.  These people are ignorant in battle, and I don’t want to be the one tending to them, or teaching them to identify one edge of the sword from the other,” he finished.
My eyebrows surely must have gone up.  “Battles? I have not heard of any — Are you sure about that?” I asked.
“Derella.  That’s where the first hand that lifted a sword came from, and the gods only know what’s happening in that province now.  I’d like to believe that the emperor has no hand in the matter, but it’s been days, and the province is rumoured to be flooded,” he paused.  “Gods help us in case the waves from the ocean come crashing to add damage to what the floods are already causing.”
Now I understood why he was taking it out on the citizens seeking an audience with the emperor earlier.  Boni is short-tempered, and he isn’t good at hiding his emotions.
Flooding in Derella?  Impossible.  Why isn’t this announced in the land? Up until now, I don’t believe in plotting.  That there are lords and generals that always scheme to ensure that power will be theirs.  I always believed that there’s a spark of goodness in people.  I can only pray I’m right.
“Derella is where the first sword was raised, but where else? Do you have any proof?” I asked with a tad of doubt.
“Ghosts of Nivaton.  Some say the ghosts have risen.  I don’t believe it though, so I think it’s just Derella.”  Boni’s eyes widened for a while.  “You are from Derella —,” he pointed a finger at me.
“Put your finger down.”  I don’t like being pointed at. It makes me want to twist the damned finger.  “What business is it of yours?”
“Surely you’ll have the most desire to help your people —”
“There is no advise from the palace.  I can’t leave my post.”
“But — with your frame, you can swim through the floods and save lives, perhaps carry more than a boatload could ever save.”
He said it without intending to be mean, but I grimaced because I don’t like to always stand out — especially if it has something to do with how I look.  
“My place is with the emperor.  My oath was to protect him, not to go back to my hometown and swim in the mud.”
Boni’s nose flared.  “Have you no compassion? With that attitude, I’d certainly say that it’s the mud you belong to,” he spat out.
He turned away from me, and my patience reached its limit.  I raised my right arm and hit him but missed.  Boni looked back.  
“Don’t do that again,” then the fool swaggered away from me.
Friggin’ stupid.  I hate his power, or maybe envy it, because he has the reflexes of an animal.  He can feel a punch coming even with his back turned.  I wish my power is something like that.
Boni went back to his post; his face was still as sour as it had been earlier.
The chamber’s doors opened, and Tiran Aragre came out.  His white hair is cropped tidily an inch above his ears.  He is old, but he’s still a strong man, and his wisdom is unmatched in Kanela.  That’s why he’s in the post as the emperor’s Advisor.  Some say that the Elder’s Guild has been sending him invitations to join the group for the past five turnings of the moons, but he kept on declining.
“It is with the palace’s sincerest apologies that the emperor can’t see anyone anymore today.  News comes from the south and as of now, the war chambers are being assembled.  Please come back next week.”
The crowd was silent for a while, and then curses erupted.  The people did not like to have to wait for nothing.  No one ever did.  I was surprised that the announcement came from him.  He’s very high in the palace and he shouldn’t be wasting his time like this.
I rushed to the crowd to help Boni and two other soldiers at the station.  Hands pushed at me, and the cursing only got louder.  From the corner of my eye, I saw Tiran as he left and entered the chambers to join Wind and the other generals.  I have to get back inside too.  The emperor will look for me now that there’s a matter of utmost importance to discuss.  
I braced myself and shouted, “Please, citizens, the emperor shall attend to you sooner.  But for now, you have to wait patiently, roam the streets of Kanela, it is a wonderful place.  And come back next week as advised.  There will be time for the audience then.”
There was silence.  Then it was broken by a woman’s shriek.  “Goodness! What are you?”
That was the cruellest thing I ever heard anyone say to me.  Oh well, not the cruellest, but it was definitely rude.
“Go back to your place, madam, before the emperor decides to ask me to chase you all away,” I said in my lowest voice to make it sound scarier.
Boni looked at me for a while, and when he saw that I had silenced the woman, he followed my lead.  The other two soldiers did the same.  When the crowd had thinned, I went inside the chambers to join the meeting as the emperor’s Man-Shield.
There was a side door, an almost unnoticeable passageway out of the chambers, and I passed through it, knowing that it would lead me to the war chambers.
“This is not the time to help them,” an old general said.
Wind was thoughtful.  “This is exactly the time to send support to Derella.  The people are drowning.  If more than half of them are lost to the flood, then we will have difficulty trying to grow our land.  Akea needs people.  Able-bodied citizens to serve us.  To produce.  To guard!”
“Half of them dead means half of your enemies dead too, Your Grace,” the old man said.
I stood back, just listening to all of them.  Maybe if I had listened enough and remembered their strategies in the past, there would come a time that I could lead using my brains instead of just courage and brawn in battle.
“These people are Akeans, they are our flesh and blood, and I say if there’s a fire, it started somewhere — there was flint, and from flint, who’s to say that it couldn’t turn meekness into a potent outrage?”  A middle-aged man who goes by the name of Paterno Rinaldo said.  He had a beard and wide jaw.  He was brave enough to look directly at Wind.
“Emperors have strategies.  There is always a need for balance.  If nobody ever felt vulnerable, how are people to feel that they have a need for my rule? So in this instance, a few days of lolling under a blanket of storms will make them pray for the palace to send help —” Wind was cut short.
“As it is our duty, Your Grace,” Paterno said pointedly.
Wind looked at Paterno and the group silenced.  Charm, the emperor is using his power to get the War Generals to his side.
“The palace will be there for its people.  And the assistance we provide Derellans — a proud bunch these people are — will make them remember that they can’t stand alone.  The swords that were raised in that town have to be bent, trashed and washed away with the flood.  I can’t let them have doubts on my leadership,” Wind finished.
Paterno did not say anything anymore, but his eyes were still lit with fire.  A wise man for knowing his limits as to how far he can question the emperor.
“What is it then that you are commanding us, Your Grace?” Rener Calo asked.  He is a young general, and he has been remarkably good in battle.  Word got around that his power lies in how he swings a friggin’ sword.  At his young age, he has always been successful in stopping uprisings.  Under Wind’s rule, there had been a lot.  I can’t remember if it’s the same during Northsam’s.  No rule is without its flaws, but Wind’s and Northsam’s rules were so different it’s like comparing apples and oranges; then peeling off their skins and comparing them again.
“You will lead hundreds of soldiers to Derella.  You will march by mid-day.  Assemble your team.  And bring Derella back to me,” Wind said.
Paterno didn’t say anything.  The other generals gave their assent.
“Thank you, Your Grace.  It is an honor.  I will lead them,” Rener said.
“Dogan,” Wind said.
I looked at the emperor, shocked that he addressed me even when I wasn’t joining them in the table.
“Yes, Your Grace,” I said.
“You are from Derella, right?”
“Yes, Your Grace.”
“You will join Rener and help him bring your fellow Derellans to my feet,” he said.
Rener took one look at me.  “There is no need for this, Your Grace.  This man will only scare the people.  I know the way, I can bring them to heel.”
“Nonsense.  It is said that the ways of a Derellan are only truly known to a Derellan.  They are a weird lot.  You will thank me when you realize that I’m right — and I always am,” Wind said.
I knelt by Wind’s side.  “Your Grace, my place is with you ,” I said and continued in my head, And with Lamare too.  If I were to go back to Derella, I might miss Lamare’s visit in the coming fortnight, and you couldn’t take away a man’s only happiness.
“I can manage without you for a while, Dogan.  Rener will need you,” Wind said.  This time, his tone had caught on an edge.  He didn’t want me to plead my case.
Oh, Lamare, I thought.  So, I guess I wouldn’t be seeing her.
“To serve, Your Grace,” I said and stood up.
Wind dismissed everyone and Rener walked fast toward the door.  “You will not slow me down, Dogan,” he said.
I replied to him with only the words I thought appropriate for me to say.  
“I’m not slow, general,” I said.
He frowned.  “Let’s go then.  It has been two days since the flood started, and I want to save as much Derellan as I can when I get there.  Meet us in the gates in thirty minutes,” he said, and then he turned to me again and added, “And please, will you mind getting a haircut and a shave?”  
I mulled it over in my head.  Thirty minutes for a haircut, a shave and ready my things? Well, that’s going to be a challenge.  But I’ll give the general that.  Besides, a new haircut may be what I need to make Lamare glance at me a second time.
***
Could I ever pull off a friggin’ topknot? I didn’t think so, and yet here I was with one.  At least it would be easier to maintain.  I ran my fingers down my chin and felt stubbles already.  How could it be, it’s just been minutes since I had my shave?
I trotted on my horse and found a throng of soldiers huddled near Kanela gates.  Upon reaching them, I saw that Rener was approaching us with a banner man.  Really? To rescue people, there had to be a friggin’ banner? I snickered.
Everybody stood up; some readied to ride their horses.
“Soldiers, our goal is to reach Derella by dawn the day after tomorrow.  We will ride hard.  Anybody who wishes to leave may do so at the cost of your honor —,” he said and looked around.  “Are you ready to save Derella?”  He rallied the men.
The men cheered and there were rustles as soldiers rode their horses.  The general moved in front of the formation and started galloping away; the banner man followed him.
Goodbye, Lamare.  Hello, Derella.  Time to become a friggin’ hero.

Chapter 12 - Pyper San Diego

“Father, I’m back,” I shouted.  The few Nivans outside their tree houses looked at me for a while before they went back to what they were doing.
A man with no hair glanced at me.  He has tattoos on both arms, and his skin is grayer than mine.  When I reached him, he smiled.
“Let me guess, been up in the mountains again?” father asked.
I nodded, guilt coloring my face.  “From the top of the mountain, I saw dark skies down south.  But everywhere else, it’s clear.”
“At this time of the moon-turn, it’s only to be expected,” he said.
“Master Andoni, the Nivan Elders confirmed their attendance to the meeting tonight,” a man who seemed to be a few moon-turns older than I told my father.
“Thank you, Lopee.”
“What was that? Why is there a meeting?” I asked.
“Matters of the outside world,” he began.  “The animals are all acting crazy like a huge storm is coming.  But Lila couldn’t find anything wrong with the weather.  The hall decided it’s better that we discuss this matter amongst ourselves,” he finished.  
Lila Fairen is the Nivan’s weather-lady.  She had learned how to predict the acts of nature, and in that sense she can warn us what to expect in the coming days.
“Can I come with you?”
My father shook his head.  “Enjoy your youth while you still can,” he said.
By youth, he meant climb the tree house and learn how to make sandals.  I hate making them! Although I know this is part of our lives as Nivans.  We have to make our own footwear because it’s part of our disguise.  To wear sandals that are lightweight, soft, and don’t squeak against rocks even when they’re wet.  
“I really wish I can go with you,” I said, frowning.
“See another three moon-turns and you wouldn’t have to beg me anymore,” he said.  “In the meantime, go to your mother.”
“But you’re the Head Hunter.  You can bring me with you —”
“Peeps, scoot,” my father said.
Pouting, I walked away from him wondering in my head how I could manage to listen in on their meeting later.  Well, I can make myself invisible! But that will not solve my problem.  The Nivans will be able to spot me so easily, like I’m a gooey, transparent thing.  And if they catch me, my father will punish me and I’ll find myself inside Nivaton for days doing the thing I hate the most — making sandals.
I’m almost near our tree house when I heard a loud rumbling of the ground getting closer and closer to the town clearing.  I looked back at my father and saw him stand up and make himself invisible.  Some Nivans who weren’t cloaked in invisibility yet hid themselves too.  It was second nature to us already, and I did the same.
The rumbling stopped and the dusts billowed all around.  There was silence as we waited for the dusts to clear.  We found ourselves staring at an old hunched man riding a horse.  His hair is all white, and there are two birds perched on his shoulders.  There are pigs gathered around him too.  I counted a little more than two dozens.  He looked odd in Nivaton with his fair skin and all, highlighting that he didn’t belong here.  To him, this place must look just as peculiar.
“I’m Elder Mahen of the Elder’s Guild,” he said in a loud voice to no one in particular.
No Nivan stirred from where they were.  We were all looking at the Elder, wondering what his business was in our land.  Nobody ever goes here.  Ever.  And for an old man to just barge in, get past through the Nivan guards without them sounding an alarm… well, he must have a skill in hiding.  And with so big an entourage, how did he manage to pass the guards? 
“I call upon you, Nivans of the old blood.  Akea is in ruins.  The emperor is trying to bring balance to the land; balance that’s not without its cost.  He destroys so that people will have need of him.  So that there will be fear, and he can have control forever.  But whoever heard of a strategy so heartless?”
We were still silent.
“The biggest hurdle amongst citizens is that the emperor as we know is charismatic.  People will start a rebellion, but their fires will be doused even before the wildfires catch on.  And where will that leave us?”
Some Nivans moved closer to him, intent on listening to more of what he had to say.
“It is said that a rebellion started in Derella.  But what happened after?”  He paused, perhaps finding it funny that he could very well be talking to the wind.  “Flood.  As I speak now, lives are being lost to the flood.  Did you know that Derella has the highest sea level in all of Akea? But flood came, and it’s still there…”
“I have brought with me an offering, to keep you fed,” he paused.  After a few moments, he continued, “And so that you will remember that while your bellies are full, outside your land, Akeans are begging for your help to liberate them from the evil emperor.”
Then a baby cried.  This is what always happens.  For us who were already old enough to understand how we should act in front of Akeans, we would keep our silence and remain immobile for long.  But babies and toddlers, they are the problematic lot.  They will cry whenever they want to without regard to whoever can hear them.
Elder Mahen’s face is still calm, but he must have been frightened too because he turned around and left.  Before doing so, he said something to the pigs, and the sight of him crouching down to talk to them was mesmerizing.  After he touched the animals, they lie down on the ground, and even as he trotted off, the pigs stayed.
Wow! Can he talk to animals? That is so wonderful.
Just a curious thought, did he tell the pigs that they are about to die?
When Elder Mahen was out of earshot, a Nivan made himself visible.
“No!”  I shouted.  My father looked at me, the same as with the other Nivans.  “The Elder can talk to animals.  This is a trap,” I yelled.
Instantly, the man who had made himself visible hid again.
“He can talk to animals.  His announcement was a declaration — to confuse us.  He wanted us to eat the pigs.  And yet if we do, it could only mean that we are not ghosts,” I said.
My father nodded.  “She’s right.”
“And if we don’t eat them and the pigs see us when we’re not controlling our power, they will tell the Elder —”
“What?” asked the man, a hint of doubt coating his voice.
My father answered, “Yes, that was sharp, Pyper.”  He looked at the man.  “The Elder can talk to animals.”
“So if he can talk to animals and we are not expected to eat them, then what are we to do with the pigs?”
“Chase them away,” I said.
A woman moved toward the center.  “No, ghosts don’t eat, but there are wild animals that feed on preys.  Let’s make it look like that.”
“Difficult choices,” my father said.
“Father, it’s a trap,” I said, trying to emphasize my point.
“What would an Elder want with us?” he asked.  “He speaks the truth or these animals wouldn’t trust him.”
There was a sudden movement to my right, and I assumed a Nivan climbed down from a tree house.  He was invisible too, but his voice was distinct that when he spoke I knew it’s Romyo de Nicolas.
“I think it’s better that we move the hall discussion now.  The Elder has left.  He may have doubted that we’re ghosts, but he wasn’t sure, and he’s also scared.  He won’t be returning soon,” he said.  “If Pyper is right, he will expect one of the pigs to come to him as soon as a sign of life is seen in this town.”
My father nodded.  “Pyper, help out.  Ask every man of age to gather in the hall.  We will be there waiting.  Derella… flood in the town.  I agree with the Elder.  It is almost impossible for Derella to be flooded.  Be quick, gather the men for the meeting,” he paused.  Then he added, “And even with your keen observation, you still can’t come.”
I wanted to yell, but I did as I was told, climbing up tree houses, swinging from tree to tree, and asking men of age to come to the hall.
From up a tree, I saw their almost invisible footsteps as they all went to the hall.  I felt bad that I was up here waiting for whatever the result of their meeting would be.
On the ground, the pigs didn’t move as though they were just lounging under the sun without a care in the world.  Well, actually, they were really just lounging around.  I took a nut and threw one at a pig.  I hit the top of its head, but it didn’t move.
My frustration grew as the day went by.  I put my hands inside my pocket and found the coins I took from Kino.  I took one, then, I aimed at the pig again, and when I was pretty sure I could hit one, I threw.  There! Half-way in mid-air, the coin showed and it glittered under the blazing sun.  It landed on the head of the same pig.  This time, the pig lifted its head and looked around as if it had a mind.  I mean, of course, it had a brain, but could it ever process anything?
My question was answered in a heartbeat because the pig went up on its four legs and moved to where the coin landed.  I watched as it took the penny in its mouth and looked at the other pigs.  Then it started running away.
“No!”  I shouted.  But already the pig is yards away from the other pigs.  There’s no time for me to call my father and tell him about the incident.
I leapt from the tree and found myself on the ground, bruising a knee because it was still high when I jumped down.  Then I trotted after the pig.  I had to get to the pig before it gives the coin to Elder Mahen as a proof that Nivans weren’t ghosts.
Leaves crunched under my feet, but I couldn’t risk going slower now.  The chase had started, and if my footprints wouldn’t give me away to the Elder, the coin the pig carried absolutely would.
“No, no, no,” I thought to myself.  I felt like crying.  My father would have my hide.  I could only hope that the Elder was a good man.
There was already some considerable distance between the pig and I, but I had to get to it.  I ran as fast as I could.  

	
Chapter 13 - Elder Mahen Dilo

When one is old and has no family, the world becomes his concern.
When I joined the Elder’s Guild, I made the world my life.  And to protect this world, I had to come up with the most cunning methods.  Like now, for instance.  I had to use my friends to check Nivaton.  I had to leave them behind, to let them watch over the Ghost Town, and see for themselves if Nivans were really dead.
It was more than a moon-turn ago when a raven told me that it spotted a man in Nivaton.  I dismissed it because the town was littered with ghosts.  Tales of soldiers passing by the mountains and seeing footsteps, hearing babies crying, and watching trees swaying even without the breeze were common.  Some even claimed they heard voices.  That they saw fires burning.  That there were songs that hung in the air.
After hearing these tales, everyone avoided the Ghost Town.  The strange thing was that ghosts roam the town even in broad daylight, which was unlike any other haunted place I knew.  But these stories made Akeans avoid passing by the Ghost Town even though it meant circling the foot of several mountains as opposed to cutting through the valley to reach the destination faster.
The Elders told me that the time to reclaim the empire is near.  And we needed allies as much as we could hope to gather.  The only problem was with the emperor’s power to charm everybody in the land, how could we organize a rebellion and follow through with it? Only Nivans could evade that because unseen, the emperor would not know how to actually charm them.  And if we won the support of the ghosts, there was a chance for us to bring Akea back to its greater heights.
The rebellion would start in Derella like what the prophecies said.  But it was also mentioned that when the Derellans march to fight, the ghosts would rise.  I don’t exactly know what it means but since I’m old, and I might not see another emperor rise to take Wind’s empire, I’ll have to make do with the most literal translation that I could think of — that ghosts are actually Nivans.  That must be it.  But if it weren’t, then I would leave that for the next generation to figure out.  But today, I have to do my part.
The other Elders are also working on their own schemes, and some don’t like the way that I work.  But we have the same goal, which is to take Akea back.  So in that sense, we are unified. 
As I rode away from Nivaton, one or two would start the journey to Derella.  A few others will march on to Bulacnin.  Some will go to the Lacay Islands.  And one will stay at the foot of Mt. Golli where we always meet.
I might be brave.  The many moon-turns that I have lived made me that.  But the babies’ cries still make my hair stand on ends.  It’s creepy to think of babies as ghosts.  I’d rather face a thousand ghost-men without heads, with broken limbs and bloodied faces, rather than be chased away by babies’ cries.  It’s just unheard of.  So I had to leave fast.  
I touched my arms to make the hair on them go down.  I’d travelled a long way already.  I stopped and looked around.  This is a good place to rest.  Surely, the ghosts will not go this far.
I climbed down my horse.  “Stay,” I said.
Then I removed the saddle and put it on the ground.  I’ll rest for a while.  I have no other place to be for now.
Something stirred from behind the bushes, and I had to pull my knife loose.  If it’s not an animal hiding behind the bushes, I’ll have difficulty defending myself.  On the other hand, if it’s one of my friends, whether it’s a lion, or a tiger, or a bear, even a Hobbub or a Serpetus — I could easily talk them into sparing my life.
I hid behind a tree slowly and waited for whatever it was that was struggling against the bush come out.  A pink flesh poked out from the leaves, and I saw my pig.  I sighed in relief.
I moved forward as I sheathed the knife.
“You have news for me?” I said in a tongue that only animals understand.  If Akeans could hear me, they would take me for a fool.  These days though, being taken for a fool is better than being taken for a wise man.  The former can only care for his survival, but the latter can plot his way up and have his head ended in a pike.
The pig blinked and for a moment I thought that it was actually smiling at me.  I couldn’t read its expression with ease.  Their words were phrased differently.  But it’s the gift gods blessed me with.  I can take two and two and understand the animals.
I held out my palm open in front of its mouth just like the pig asked me to and it spewed out a coin.
I looked at it.  The coin bore the new flag of Akea, which meant that it was only minted this moon-turn, or two moon-turns back.  And what could the coin be doing in the town if there weren’t people?
I patted the pig on its head like anyone would do to a dog.  
“Good job,” I said in a different tongue.
“Someone is chasing Red,” the pig told me.  Animals use their names when they refer to themselves.
I creased my forehead.  “Who’s chasing Red?”
“Soft footsteps.  Less than a mile away.”
A ghost followed the pig.
I became anxious.  I had been waiting for something like this.  I gave instructions to Red and the pig understood.
I saddled my horse and moved away from the tree to hide.
I waited for a few more minutes, heart in my throat.  
The pig walked away from me, but not too far away.  Then it waited.  Both of us did from two different distances.
I saw Red turn to the right as though it sensed something.  I squinted, but I couldn’t see anything.
Then Red fought to have its mouth closed.  But it was as if there were invisible hands trying to pry its mouth open.
“Please give it back!” a voice said.
From where I was, I froze.  The voice sounded like it belonged to a little girl.
Red started to fight back, only enough the way I told it to until whoever was chasing it would be caught off guard to show himself, or in this instance — herself.
It happened and although I was almost positive about it, I still wasn’t able to believe it.  Out of thin air, a figure emerged.  A little girl.  Her blonde hair tumbled as she wrestled against Red to get the coin.  Her body is graying, like it’s covered with — I don’t know, grayish residue of sorts? Of volcanoes’ ashes? The skin color is different.  Then Red spewed out the coin.
The girl quickly picked it up and vanished in thin air.  Just like that she is gone again.
And there is my proof.  Now all I have to do is convince the Nivans that we have to fight together to overpower the emperor.
I felt hope rising inside my chest.  Maybe, I will still see peace in the land before I’m embraced by mother land.

Chapter 14 – Lamare Amark

For three hours, I’ve been sitting in front of my desk and have not written a word on the scroll.  There’s no reason that this should bother me because I still have plenty of time before the next submission becomes due.  Besides, I don’t want to see Wind just yet.  If dallying were an option, I would dally all the time.
Wind always tells me to bring balance to the land, that when I write, I have to keep in mind that there’s nothing more essential than that.  Like he believes that evil is a necessary thing for the good to be more highlighted and cherished.
Sometimes, I get confused too.  Is it really balance that this land needs? Does balance mean that people have to die and suffer in the process?
I don’t know Wind’s entire story, I have learned only a few from my father.  His power is storm, and I should not focus on its negativity because come to think of it, storm brings water, air, and various elements that people will always need.
Northsam believed in Wind right from the very start, saying that he would have a good place in Kanela and Wind proved that.  He travelled across Akea, to help in the development of agriculture.  When there’s drought, he was the first hand sought by my father.
Marriage to me broadened Wind’s horizon and — I don’t know — something snapped inside him, and he started yearning for more.
I found myself biting my lower lip again as I think about what to write in the scroll.  There’s something that I haven’t tried yet — the volcanoes in Karis Thia.  Its eruption is something that I’m holding back from Wind.  I can’t let him have me write something so brutal, but I’m pretty sure if I write it down, he will be astounded.
I stretched my legs from under the table and sighed.
It’s a futile effort to try and keep on writing in the scroll when no ideas would come out.  Wind had been specific; there shouldn’t be anything repetitive about what I write.  Nobody should suspect what my power was or there could be havoc.  He kept on telling me.
From the window of my bedroom, I saw Kino outside reading a book.  Other boys his age usually are in the habit of playing with their powers, but since he has none to practice with, he spends his afternoon reading, or doing his assignments, or gathering food from the forest for something to trade in the market.
As a mother, I should be proud of him, and I am.  It’s just that to be branded as unborn is something demeaning for my son; and for me to be reminded that I’m the cause of all of this, my burden only gets heavier.
I stood up from where I was sitting and joined Kino outside.  
“How do you like it here?”
He looked up.  “The cottage, mom?”
I nodded.
“It’s okay, I guess,” he said.
“I’ve been thinking about moving somewhere else... I don’t know where yet but, I want to know if it’s okay with you.”
Kino seemed to think things over before he answered.  “It’s okay.  There’s really nothing of much value here to me.  My classmates aren’t exactly friendly.  I won’t miss them much except for Mayo,” he chuckled as he said the last sentence.
 “Are you sad?”  I don’t know why I asked that.  Maybe it was because I feel gloomy and I wanted to know if he felt the same way too.
He shrugged.  “There are better days.  I could definitely use a few of them again,” he said and grinned.
I looked away.  I don’t know where to go.  I can draw Akea’s map in a scroll, being so familiar with all the provinces because it was part of my training in the palace.  Northsam told me that to be a good leader, I would have to know each place in the land.
For my dilemma, the solution is simple — draw a map, close my eyes, drop a pin, and go where the pin will land.  Only, it isn’t as straightforward as that because if I’m not careful about my destination, I’m sure Wind will be able to find me.  Half of the land may be mad at him and wanted to start a rebellion, but the other half wanted his protection.  And if ever the wrong hands catch me, I’ll have to deal with a lot from Wind.
“Is something wrong?” Kino asked.
“I don’t know of a place safe enough for us to stay at,” I said, telling my son the truth.
“The nightmares, huh?” he asked.
“The nightmares can’t reach me anymore.  They were events in the past.  But they’re still horrible reminders, which is why I toss and turn whenever I have them.” I tried to smile at my son.
“I think the best place for us to hide is right where no one would look for us,” he said, and I laughed.  
“Of course —”
“No, mom, I’m not kidding,” he insisted.  “Who are we running away from? That should define our destination.”
“Let’s say I don’t want to go back to the palace anymore, and don’t want to write any more stories,” I said.
He looked at me for a long while as though mulling things over.  A few birds flew from the tree and down on the ground.  I watched as they pecked on the grass to catch worms.
“That’s a pretty tough one.  If you are hiding from the emperor, you know very well that he can find us anywhere, right?” Kino said after a while.
I nodded.  “Let’s talk about something else,” I said.  The thought of running away from Wind is so depressing.
“No, mom, if this is important to you, then we should do it… I don’t know your reasons, but it must be something pretty big for you to think about going away.  Does it have something to do with the nightmares?”
Does it? 
“Yes.”
“Then let’s run away.  I’ll think it over.  I’m sure I’ll be able to come up with something.”  He beamed at me.  “After all, that’s what I’m good at, running away from bullies,” he said and grinned at me.
I didn’t find the thought of him running from bullies funny though and I couldn’t return his grin.

Chapter 15 - Dogan Ronda

My boots slid every now and then on the slopes of Plain Rane.  The boulders have seen days of heavy rainfall, and slime is starting to develop on them.  A few more days of continuous rain will render the slopes unpassable anymore to both horses and men.
We have been riding for more than twelve hours and I fear for my horse; I guess the soldiers did too because a number of them are now walking on foot and have their horses beside them.  It is already past midnight and the cold wind lashed against my body.
“Aren’t we going to stop for a while?” a soldier asked.  He is a thin man and compared to the lot, he probably needed more rest.  He looked pretty young to be named a soldier already.
No one bothered to answer.  All were focused on the slippery slopes.
Derella has high lands so I’m not very worried about what we’ll find when we get there.  Even the news of flood is something that I won’t believe in unless I get to see it.  Not that I’m daring the gods, it’s just that the way the terrain of the province was sculpted, it’s almost impossible for there to be flood.
“Halt!” a soldier shouted.  “This is where we’ll camp for tonight,” he said.
I looked around.  He has got to be friggin’ kidding.  We just passed through the slopes and the land was still uneven.  Even if there were no bandits, it’s still not a suitable area to camp.
But all around me, wearied men started to unpack their sleeping bags.  There will be no need for tents as these would only slow us down.  When a soldier is tired, any flat land will do.
The hours ticked by so fast and before I fell into a deep slumber, the soldiers were already being roused from sleep.  I yawned before standing up to roll my sleeping bag.  
We’re only several miles away from the borderlands and after a day of traveling, my excitement at seeing my province again caught up with me.  I know what to expect, the canyons that are burnt brown against the afternoon sky will go for miles and miles.  After passing through the canyons, a stretch of flatland will welcome us.  The residential and agricultural areas will then follow.
Rener rode to the front with the banner man.  He faced all of us.  “Soldiers, we are here to save Derellans.  At some point, we’ll have to be on foot.  And we’ll be expected to swim.  Bring your ropes.”
The soldiers nodded, but there wasn’t time anymore to cheer.  With quick movements, we rode our horses and started galloping after Rener.
A stretch of canyons enveloped us and we moved quietly because there are all sorts of animals living in the canyons.  Beasts.  But the beasts are scared of humans, so we just have to make sure that we don’t stray far from the group.
After an hour of hard ride, we finally saw the beginning of the flatlands.  There were no more hills.  The landscape was just a stretch of flatlands.  There were no trees as though it’s a place in another world.
Rener slowed down.  “There is no source of water here.  But there will be once we cross these flatlands in say an hour; keep your bays at a slower pace so as not to tire them.”
He turned and started to walk his horse.  Some soldiers dismounted from their horses too and were now walking on foot, but a good handful remained on their mounts.
All of us followed the general.  I looked back to where we came from and saw the trail of soldiers forming quite a large group, several hundreds by my estimate.
I trotted faster and stopped beside Rener and studied him.  The general is shorter than I, probably a foot shorter, but still tall enough when compared with other men.  His hair is close cropped with some gray at the temples.  He is still young, probably a few moon-turns more than me, and his skin is as burnt as mine.
The flatlands used to be the wall that separated Derella from the other parts of Akea.  Because there is no water in this area, nobody bothered to leave the province in the past for fear of dehydration during the journey.  But things have changed now and carriages drawn by several horses solved that dilemma.
I was able to explore the world outside Derella only when the time came for me to present my power to the emperor.  I joined the wagon going to the palace and did not return.  Instead, I found a job as a stable boy and later on realized that soldiering was for me.  With a sword in my hand, I was friggin’ unstoppable and I could fool people into believing that my power lies in wielding the sword.  I could only hope for that.
Rener stopped, staring concernedly ahead.  There were already some trees indicating that we were about to enter Derella mainland.
“Men, we have to be on foot.  The flood begins in just a mile,” Rener said.
Several men squinted to see ahead, and they gave different reactions.  Some nodded in agreement while others looked confused.
“There’s no sign of flooding,” somebody said.
“Look closer, you fool,” another one grumbled.
I squinted and saw another stretch of brown — land? Or was that flood water? The trees that we’re seeing from where we stood showed their leaves; the trunks were hidden from view because they were obscured by the friggin’ flood!
My mouth opened wide in astonishment.
“General, if the flood is that high, how many can be friggin’ dead already?” I asked, feeling dejected.
Rener shook his head.  “This only marks the beginning of the catastrophe.  I don’t know what else lies beyond this part.”
Soldiers started climbing down their horses.  The clashing of metals as soldiers removed their armors, tossing down shields, swords, and helmets on the ground filled the air.  It’s a good thing that the flatland ends in a cliff.  This gives us an advantage.  We’re higher than the mainland and rescue could be easier.
I removed my helmet and put it down carefully on the land.  With deft fingers, I removed my armor too.  The sword hanging on my waist was the next to be taken off.  Am I still a good swimmer? I haven’t had practice in a long time.  Well, I’ll find out soon enough.
“Gather the ropes.  From this point, only they will matter.  And don’t forget to bring your knives,” Rener shouted.
Every soldier moved toward him, enclosing him in a semi-circle.  This is the part where we listen to instructions; where not heeding important words from the general could mean death to us soldiers.
When everyone was close enough to hear, Rener started.  
“Men, today we don’t die fighting.  Our fight is with the land.  We rescue Derellans.  Our honor lies in how many lives we can save without thinking of our own,” he paused.  “You know the drill.  Children, women, old people, we save them first.  All who doesn’t seem to have any chance of surviving,” he paused again, “they’re whom the knives are for.”
I gulped.  That’s the difficult part.  To have to kill someone when one’s not in a battlefield.  It was explained to me a dozen times before — how the act was less cruel — but I had not learned to like it.
“Where do we bring them?” a thin soldier asked.  
“What about food? If it’s been days since the flooding started, chances are —”
The questions started pouring and Rener had to answer all of them.  I felt sorry for the general.
I moved away from the throng of soldiers and studied the area.  Only tree tops could be seen.  Where could all the people be? I clutched my rope tighter and it felt like I was clutching at my intestines.  These were my friggin’ people suffering.  I had to help them.
Rener gave the signal for us to go and we ran to the spot that divided the flooded area from the dry land.  Several soldiers dove down the cliff.  I did the same and swam toward a tree.  The current was not strong in this part.  It’s surreal having to swim where you knew a friggin’ farm used to be.
I kept on swimming until I reached the first tree, took a foothold, and swam to the next one.  All around me, soldiers were doing the same.  I saw one as he helped a frail man hugging a branch.  The man was rescued and brought to the cliff by passing him from one soldier to the next.  The ropes are proving to be very useful.
I kept on moving forward.  This area is not yet the populated part.  I can only imagine how bad it is at the province capitol.
Then my fears materialized.  Some houses that stood two or more floors high had parts of them standing up against the flood, but most of the houses had only their thatched-roofs to show.  There were some boats milling around, going from roof to roof, and passing on food to whoever they find.  I looked at a man about my age that was standing on the boat and pitching canned food to people on the roofs.  He had a good arm, his throw was perfect, and each time he swung, the trajectory drew a measured curve against the horizon and the food would land perfectly in the receiver’s expectant hands.  The man’s power sure was put to excellent use now.
I’m not accustomed to feeling so devastated, I think maybe that’s what the coldness in my heart is.  Right now, I did the only thing to make it right.  I swam faster toward a roof where I was met with two pairs of sorrowful eyes.
“We’re okay here.  But please see to Master Oca,” the man said and pointed to another house whose second floor had not been completely engulfed by the flood yet.  I nodded at him and then swam toward the house he pointed at.
“Master Oca?” I asked and hoisted myself inside a window.  This house fared better, I was able to stand up inside, and the water was only up to my knee in the second floor.  On the corner, I saw an old man sitting on top of a table, his knees bent toward his chest.
“Master Oca, we have to leave,” I said.
Hope blossomed in his eyes, but when he saw my face and hulking figure, he shouted, “No! Monster!”
I rolled my eyes and felt sorry for Master Oca.  He left me with no choice.  I punched him on the side of his head, and he fell down, unconscious.  Before he hit the water, I was able to scoop him up.
Damn my friggin’ looks! It’s making my job more difficult.  I should evade dark areas so as not to frighten people.
I walked all the way to the window and moved his body out.  Then I eased myself out too.  I was holding Master Oca in my left arm while my right swam toward the roof.  When I was closer, the man moved forward and helped me bring Master Oca up.  I pushed at the old man’s frail body while the other man lifted his torso.  Still unconscious, Master Oca’s head swung as the man dragged him to the roof.
I nodded at the man who helped me once more before leaving.  He muttered thanks and went to tend the old man.
All around me, soldiers have mobilized too and seem to be doing better than I.  The people are being rescued from one roof to the next.
By midday, I was able to save more than twenty people.  If all hundreds of us did the same, then we’re doing fairly well in this endeavor.  By afternoon, I began to lose count.
My arms were getting tired from all the swimming and with no food to give us energy, there was nothing to rejuvenate us.
I rested on a roof when I heard shouting from another house.  It was fifty yards away from where I was, still a long swim.  I squinted to see who it could be.  The silhouette of a lady inside came to view.  I dove immediately and swam faster.
The windows were closed, and I had to break a glass window to enter.  When I did, a steady flow of water pushed me inside the house.  The shouts were louder now and I looked again for the lady.  Our eyes met and I breathed a sigh of relief when she didn’t scream at me for being ugly.  I moved toward her and gripped her arms to carry her, but she wouldn’t budge.  Her face registered fear.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
Perspiration coursed down her forehead.
“I was looking for food.  I didn’t see the gap in the floor.  My foot, it’s stuck.  I can’t go down to check on it, I don’t know how to swim.”  She said helplessly.
“Wait,” I said and bent over, trying to ease my way down to where her foot had been caught.  I touched her legs and moved my hands to where her foot was stuck and felt slime.  When I reached the gap, I felt for the obstructions holding her foot and touched a wound.  It must have hurt because her other foot kicked at me involuntarily.  I stood up and gulped air.
She was looking at me.  Oh, such a beautiful lady. My heart ached.
“Your foot has a wound.  Give me a few more minutes,” I said and she nodded.  “Oh and please don’t kick me,” I said and swam down again, easing out the knife from the belt on my waist.  I would try to cut off the wood that caught her foot.  I couldn’t force it out, or she might have to lose a friggin’ leg.  What a terrible, terrible thought.
I was down under the water when the house shook.  I stood up immediately and looked outside the window.  I swam toward it to see what was happening outside.  There on the roofs, the people were standing up, frantic.  They were looking to the east.  I followed their gazes and I saw the cause of the commotion.  A huge wave, I didn’t know where it friggin’ came from, was fast approaching.  It looked as though it was taller than I, and if it did hit us, all the people we saved might end up back in the waters again.  
“Brace yourselves,” someone shouted.
“Hold your ground,” another one ordered.
The people did as they were told.  I came back to the lady, swam under, and cut the damn wooden plank that’s holding her foot.  Finally, it gave in, and I was able to free her foot from the wedge, but in that exact moment, the huge wave crashed against the house.  Flood water came rushing inside, and we were sent swirling in circles.  I was fighting not to let go of her hand.  I felt her hand pull at me, panic made her grip me tighter.
Fighting the current, I pulled her closer.  The water was rising fast inside the house and I had to lift her up so she could breathe in some air.  It was good to be friggin’ tall.
“Relax,” I said.  “I will not let go of you.”
Her head bobbed up and down as she frantically gulped in air.  I steered her near the window, to where it was situated before all the water came in, but it’s more difficult to locate it with precision now.  With the windows blocked by water, there is no more source of light, and darkness engulfed us.  
“I’ll push you out, but don’t worry, I’ll rescue you.  Trust me,” I said.  If I looked better, I would have been more believable.  This lady had no choice though but to trust me.  She nodded.
I swam toward the window and prepared myself.  
“On the count of three, hold your breath, close your eyes, and don’t open them until you feel my hands around your body,” I instructed.
She nodded weakly, her eyes shadowed with doubt.
“One, two, three —” 
She closed her eyes.  In one swift motion, I pulled her underwater, breathed in air before going after her, and pushed her out the window.  Then I was also swimming outside, gasping for breath.
My head bobbed to the surface and I looked around.  I saw a necklace of beads that she wore floating in the floodwaters.  I swam hurriedly down to where it came from and my hands found her body.  I lifted her up, treading like crazy to stay afloat.  She gulped a huge amount of air with her mouth, and then she settled, and her flailing stopped.  She coughed and when she opened her eyes, she smiled at me.  It was the most beautiful smile and it instantly reminded me of my dear Lamare.
I smiled back at the lady.  “Hold on to me and we’ll swim away.”
She nodded.
I pulled at her, but she didn’t budge.  I looked at her and saw panic in her eyes.
“I think my foot got caught again,” she said.  “I don’t feel it anymore.  It’s been stuck under water for two days, and the wound could be festering,” she said.
I was horrified.  Then I realized what caused her perspiration earlier.  She was burning up with fever from her festering wound.  Now that we were out under the open sky, I saw her flushed cheeks, her almost red eyes, and felt sorry for her.
“I’ll set it free.”  I searched for my knife and found it back in my belt.  Swimming down, I traced the spot that held her foot.  There were some heavy things from inside the house.  How can she not feel any pain? The furniture must have tumbled when we swam out.  I pried with my hand at first, but her foot remained stuck.  I had to swim up for some air, and then swim back down again.  I pushed some object back inside the house, but the effort was futile.  I had to swim up every now and then to check her and make sure she hasn’t drowned herself.
“It will only be a while,” I said, and she smiled hopefully at me.
From her back, I saw the roof of the house shake.  Oh dear gods, the house is going to collapse! And I don’t have time anymore to help her. 
“Hold me,” I said, and she did.
I watched in horror as the roof started shaking, and then it started to sink.  I held her tighter, waiting for the perfect moment.  I felt her pull at me — she would sink slowly with the house, and I had to make it easier for her.  But no, I can’t. I friggin’ can’t!
I treaded faster, fighting the current that was pulling both the lady and I down.  I looked into the lady’s hopeful eyes and realized that there was nothing I could do to save her so I took out my knife.  In one swift movement, I traced it against her neck.  Blood gashed out and her eyes closed immediately.  I held onto her body for a moment longer, fighting, treading harder to keep afloat until there’s no other way but to let go.  I removed my embrace and her body was sucked by the flood waters in a whirl, leaving a line of blood in the murky deep.  I stared in horror at her loss.  
I looked up and saw that everywhere the soldiers were doing the same, fighting to rescue all they can of what’s left of Derella.
I gulped and felt my heart tense.  With the way I’m feeling inside, it’s impossible to believe that I’m not shedding tears for the lady.  First life wasted.  I would not lose another.  I swam toward another roof, yearning to save someone this time.  I let the friggin’ knife slip through my fingers and be sucked by the floodwaters, and hoped that I would not have a need for it anymore.
***
There’s no room for grieving today.  I have to bring pleasant thoughts back to sustain me.  To keep me from thinking about the lady I lost.  So when I was resting on top of a roof once more, I lie down and think about the most beautiful creature in Akea — Lamare.  
I’ve been counting the days since she visited the palace.  It’s been five days, which means that I have to be back in the palace in nine days because if I’m not back by then I’ll have to wait an additional fourteen days just to catch a glimpse of her.  Maybe the next time I see her, I’ll move slower and gentler so that she could see I have a soft side.
I opened my eyes before I could fall asleep.  Standing up, my leg muscles hurt, especially my right knee.  It throbbed and reminded me of a war I fought in the past.  I fell from a horse and the horse landed on top of me.  Since then, I had always limped.  But I couldn’t let the pain stop me from doing my duty in Derella now.
My arms were also tired.  But my work here was not done yet.  The flood has subsided a few feet.  It should have had days ago because the water passages were well structured.  I didn’t see any reason for water to rise to this level, and then for it to find difficulty toward its way to the ocean.  It was just friggin’ unbelievable.
How many lives have I saved in the afternoon? Was it five or ten? Will saving a hundred people make up for the one I lost?
There were less people now on the roofs, and some were resting soldiers.  A few of them stood up and went back to the flood waters.  We need to keep moving while there’s still light.  When it gets dark, we may have to stop our operations.
I went back to the water and lifted my right arm, pushing my body forward, and kicking my legs at a gentler pace because I was tired and hungry.  I squinted and saw a family in another roof.  That would be my destination.  I continued swimming at the pace that I set and after a few minutes, I reached it.
“Is everybody okay?” I asked such a stupid question.
The man looked at me as though he wanted to kick me in the butt, but he just nodded and murmured thanks for rescuing his family.  They’re hungry and tired, he said.
“Come on, let’s get moving,” I said.
“Take my wife and son first.  I can manage to swim after you,” he said.
I nodded.  I can take the woman and secure the baby on my shoulders, but it’s going to be difficult.
The mother is combing back her son’s hair.  The boy looked like he has only seen three moon-turns.  He was sitting in front of his mother, and she must be proud that he is well-behaved.  When she finished, she scooped the boy and stood up.  Then she looked at me and handed me her son.
I stared at the ugly creature that she thrust out to me.  The boy’s eyes that were too far apart were also puffed.  His lips were a thin line on overly chubby cheeks.  And his nose — now, where the hell was this boy’s nose? Oh, there! It was so tiny I barely saw it.  If not for the holes in them, I swore I might have missed seeing the toddler’s nose.
That’s the reason the mother combed the hair.  Because his fur-ball of a hair was his only redeeming value, and if the mother didn’t arrange it, this baby could scare even grown men without trying.
The boy held out his hands to me in an effort to make me carry him.  Then he said, “Gaah!”  
I wanted to do the same, to tell him “Gaah” too because he’s been scaring the shit out of me.  But then he smiled — or at least, I thought that’s what he did.
Suddenly, I felt as if we have a connection, his smile lit something inside my chest, and I smiled too.  This little boy was me decades ago.  The moon-turns to come will be hard on him.  I took him in my arms.
“Hold onto my head, okay? Don’t ever let go as we swim.”
The little boy nodded and giggled.  “Watah,” he said.
I nodded.  “Yes, water,” then I lifted him up and let him rest on my shoulders.  He hugged my head, and his little hands covered my eyes and nose.  I had to push his hands up.  He playfully put one of his hands back on my nose, and I had to shout, “Put them back up.”
The boy giggled and put his other hand inside my open mouth.
This was going to be challenging.  I clamped his hand with my teeth, not biting him but exerting enough pressure to scare him.  He struggled and was able to pull out his hand.  As soon as he did that, I removed him from my shoulders and looked into his eyes.
“You better behave or I’ll eat you,” I growled in my scariest voice.
To my astonishment, the little boy laughed.  It seemed like I wouldn’t be able to scare him with my looks.  Well, if you’re ugly, you get used to it, and it will be temerity to be so scared of someone who is only equally unpleasant to look at.
Shaking my head, I put the boy back on my shoulders.  This time, his hands went straight to my forehead, and they stayed there.  Good, I thought.
“Let’s go,” I said to the mother.  Talking with her was more difficult because adults get scared friggin’ easily.  “Just hold on to my body and never let go.  I’m a very strong swimmer.  I won’t let anything bad happen to you.”
The mother nodded, and before she moved toward me, she went back to her husband and kissed him on the cheeks.  
I felt a jab against my friggin’ chest.  I wished someone could love me that way too.
I went to the water and treaded while waiting for the mother to join me.  I reached out a hand to her, and she followed in a heartbeat.  As her body hit the water, I felt her hands searching for my shoulders.  When she found me, she held onto me like a leech, and then her body clammed against my back.  Oh, how the hell would I swim now?
“Sir, just follow me.  If you need help, shout, and I’ll come back for you,” I told the man who only nodded curtly.
I swam away, moving from roof to roof until I found a fellow soldier, Rod Astud, swimming beside me.  He was holding a rope.
“Hey, Dog, grab the rope and just tread.  I’ll pull you and company,” he said.
In other instances, I would have told Rod to stop calling me Dog.  I hate it when people call me Dog.  I feel like they want to rub it in my face that I’m ugly.  But since there are more important matters to attend to today, I nodded at Rod, thankful that I’ll get to rest my arms.  
Rod pulled us toward another roof to rest a bit, and then he started swimming again.  I turned to search for the man.  He wasn’t behind me.  I looked farther away, but couldn’t locate him.
“What’s the name of your husband?” I asked the mother who was clutching me too tightly.
“Nonie,” she replied.
“Nonie!” I shouted.
Rod stopped swimming and looked back, scanning the area as well.
I found Nonie on one of the roofs.  Apparently he stopped there to rest.  I was about to swim away again when I heard him shout.
“After this, what’s next?” he asked.
I was taken aback by his question.  I was never good with words.
“We survive,” I yelled.
“No, there will be a rebellion.  You think that we don’t know how this happened? Derella is the last place on Akea that will ever have flooding and look at us.  Doesn’t this strike you as odd? How did flood ever get here in the mainland? At the center of the province.  And why has water not subsided? The water passages are working.  Derella is surrounded mostly by the ocean.  I expect the flood to be gone as soon as it started —”
I didn’t know what to say.  I’ll get Rener or Rod to talk to him.  
“Let’s go.  The palace will help.  There will be jobs for everyone —”
“The palace? It’s the palace that’s doing this to us,” he spat out.
How in the world will the palace manage to do a trick such as this one? Of course not.  Wind can make storms, but the storm has passed, and only flood waters remain.  The man has a point though.  I had the same question, how was it that there’s water all around as though there’s some magical power that created this disaster?  Again, what a terrible, terrible thought.
“I have to go there, Dog,” Rod said, then he started swimming toward Nonie.
Seeing that someone would see to the man, I started swimming again.  Because as the minutes passed by, the load that I was carrying got heavier.
“Let’s go,” I said to the mother who managed to nod her head at me.
When Rod reached the roof, he climbed up.  I saw him as he swung his right arm, and when the man fell, he kicked him.  Nonie was lying on the roof, coughing.
“No! Rod, no!”  I yelled.
The woman’s screams pierced my ears.  “What is he doing? Make him stop!” she shrieked.
The little boy’s hands held my forehead tighter until I felt like my head was being wrung out of my neck.  I had to pull against it.
“Rod, back off!  You crazy bastard!” I yelled.  But he only threw in a couple more punches, before he kicked the man off the roof, sending him down the flood.
The body clutching me went limp, and I had to struggle to reach out for it before it got sucked by the waters.  I bobbed, gulping some flood waters in the process.  At that moment, I prayed that the child would keep a tight hold.  I didn’t care if he wrings out my neck as long as he held on to my crazy head for support.
I pulled at the mother’s hand.  But she was not moving.  Her hand was fast slipping.  Please don’t let go!  I would not complain anymore if the friggin’ woman clammed against my back once more.  But she didn’t move.  I had to think fast.  Do I swim down and risk the child?
Her hand slipped, and I was no longer holding her.  I can’t let the child live without a family.  I dove and tried to catch her body, but it was nowhere to be found.  I moved my arms in the murky waters trying to search for fabric, or her body, or anything indicative of where she might be.
Then I panicked even more.  The hands gripping my forehead are gone.  Oh, not the boy too! I raised my arms and found his little body.  As soon as I did that, I swam up and breathed in air.  The boy was choking and coughing, and it went for a while.  When he stopped, his red eyes stared at me, the corners of his mouth moved, and he looked as though he’s about to cry.  He’s breathing heavily.
“Don’t cry little one,” I said in my softest voice.  I have to bring him to safety sooner.
I looked back to where Rod was and cursed.  “Friggin’ asshole!”  I yelled in the air.
“He is a rebel.  Didn’t you hear him speak?” he shouted as he swam back in the waters.
Another two lives lost.
There were so many questions, and my head ached just thinking about them.  I heaved a sigh of relief when I finally reached the dry lands.  I pulled myself up and lay down.  I’m too tired to think.  The boy was an orphan now.  With his looks — life could be harsher for him than it ever had been for me.
***
As soon as I saw Rod Astud in the dry lands, I ran toward him and punched him.  He fell down and the corner of his mouth bled.
“What the hell was that for?” he asked.
I threw myself at him and pinned him to the ground.  I punched him again.
“This is for the man you killed,” I said.  Then I threw another punch.  “And this is for the mother.”  After saying that, I punched him endlessly until I felt like I was going crazy accounting for all the lives I lost.
Rod squirmed and kicked me, but I was too big for him to wrestle with.
Something smacked the back of my head, and I didn’t remember anything anymore.
The next time I opened my eyes, it was already dark.  The Derellans that we rescued were all huddled together in one place to offer and get support from each other.  The soldiers were resting.  There was nothing left to do anymore except wait for tomorrow.  I only pray there are still survivors.
“Dogan, you up?” It was Rener.  The general’s voice had a certain distinguished rasp that set him apart.
“Yes, general,” I said.
He sat beside me and I struggled to sit also, for proprieties.  I couldn’t let my superior talk to me while I appeared lazing around.
“Sorry about the blow in the head,” he said.
I nodded.  So that was him.  “I’m sorry I lost control —”
Rener Calo nodded too.  Under the pale moonlight, I saw that his eyes were serious.  His jaw was set on a firm line.
“Rod was wrong to do what he did.  But it’s already done.  Nothing we do can reverse it.”
“But was he right? He killed someone thinking he’s protecting the palace and what it stands for.  He thought that the man could fire up a rebellion in Derella —”
“Rod Astud is a fool.  Killing the man could rouse the people to arms.  But what I’m saying is — it’s done.  There’s no going back.  His act will be reported, and he will be penalized for it. I’ll see to it myself,” Rener turned to look at me.
“But Dogan,” he paused.  “We are one.”  Then he stood up and walked away to see to the other soldiers.
I was left looking at his shadow.  His words haunted me. 
It was crazy.  I didn’t subscribe to the harshness of Rod. What the damn soldier did was just unacceptable.
The moons were veiled by storm clouds and it was just as well.  I felt like my chest would burst from restrained rebel thoughts.  I wanted to scream, but I would just draw attention to myself, so when I felt like the stream of tears were about to burst, I blinked them back and continued running until the stretch of dry land was still laid down ahead of me.  I didn’t know how long I’ve been running when I reached the end.  I halted and my feet almost slipped.  I was standing on the precipice and had a good view of the spot that marked the end of the flood.  To my left, the stretch of dry land lay while to my right, the high flood water taunted me.  I dove to my right, still wanting to forget the lady, the man Rod killed, and the ugly child’s mother.
I swam and swam until my arms grew tired.  That was when I decided to lie on my back aligned with water, kick my legs and stay afloat.
I gazed up at Luna and Risa, to the moons guarding Akea.  Then I felt my body being swept downward; I tried to swim but it was in vain.  I kept slipping through the waters until my feet touched dry land.
I stood up slowly and I couldn’t friggin’ believe what I was seeing.  The flood water towered over me while I stood on the other side.  It’s as though a glass wall was holding it.
Now how the hell did this happen?
***
When I reached the soldiers’ camp, it was already night.  Everyone had retired to the camp.
All of a sudden there was a loud cheer from Derellans. They were pointing at the sky so I looked up too.
The emperor was riding the clouds together with another throng of soldiers.  The clouds moved down, and the sight still fascinated me, especially that point when the clouds gradually thinned, and the soldiers’ boots hit the ground.  The crowd gathered around them, and I moved toward the emperor too.  It is part of who I am, to be taken instantly by the oath I swore to when I was made his Man-Shield.
“Derellans, fellow Akeans,” Wind said.  “We are here to help.  As the emperor, I bring with me what you’ll need.  Food, herbs, clothes.  Just food first, but the other necessities will follow on horses.”
Wind gestured to the soldiers that came with him and they started moving about, putting down the packages of food.  The soldiers took the lead for distribution.  Derellans moved to fall in line.  They must be starving.
A wave of air covered us from above, shielding us from the night sky, and the chill lessened.  It’s a good thing to have Oded Rios with the soldiers tonight.  His power to weave air like an invisible tent will be of assistance to us.
“The palace doesn’t forget you,” Wind continued.  “We will see through this catastrophe, and all will be well again.  Derella will rise!” he shouted.
There were cheers after that but with less enthusiasm.  I hoped the emperor didn’t notice.  I nudged the soldier beside me, “Yell! Let’s join the cheers to support the emperor,” I said.  He did the same, telling the others to shout their support, and after a few seconds, we were all cheering the emperor.  Wind looked around him with satisfaction in his eyes.
The Derellans, they were a mixed bunch.  I saw some that were genuinely happy, but there were others with clouded eyes.
I knew whose side I was on — I served the emperor and my loyalties were with him.  I vowed to serve and protect.  Nothing could ever change that.  But the man who died, was he right? 
Was Boni also right when he said that the first sword was lifted in Derella? It looked like he might be correct.  Why was there flooding? Why Derella? It had been four days…
I moved back to my bunk.  My stomach was growling from hunger, but the queue of Derellans waiting to be fed might not even be finished by tomorrow.  I would not join the line, I’d rather sleep first.
***
I woke up early.  Everyone else had turned in.  I wondered what happened to the ugly, little boy.  Maybe he’s being cared for by a fellow Derellan.  I moved closer to the cliff to view what’s left of the province, and remembered my discovery last night.  Flood water was contained in Derella, and in its outskirt, there was dry land.  It’s as though something was holding the water.
How many more could we save today? I wondered.  But my jaw dropped with what I friggin’ saw.
Houses.  Beautiful houses.  The flood water gone.  The trees in all their glorious sizes could be seen fully now; and the houses, they stood proudly albeit slightly damaged.  Some rubbles were piled up from all around as expected, but there were those that withstood the calamity.  There were puddles everywhere, but there were no areas with more than a foot-deep of water perhaps.
How in the world did that happen?
I ran to find the general.
“General? Rener?” I said as I passed by several sleeping soldiers.
I found him, he was already up and smoking a cigar.
“Did you see it? That the flood is gone?” I asked in a rush.
Rener puffed and didn't answer.  He moved away from the sleeping soldiers, and I followed him.
“General, the flood, it's gone —”
“Will you shut up?” he shouted at me.  Some soldiers stirred in their sleep.  “Don't you think I noticed that? The flood waters were here, and then I turned away and the next thing I know, it’s gone.  I don't know how that happened, but if you keep on yakking about it I’ll have to put a sock in your mouth and tie you to a horse,” I could tell he was mad.  I only noticed now, but his hair, like mine, had not been touched by a comb yet.
“I'm sorry, general,” I said carefully.  I didn't mean the apology, but it was the right thing to say at the moment.
“The flood is gone, and we should be thankful for that.  Let’s just help the people move back in.  Restore what's theirs.  At least our jobs will be easier today,” he said.
I nodded.  How the hell did it happen?
“Let's go.  Rouse the soldiers.”
I turned back to the sleeping soldiers, but I heard my name being called out.
“Uncle Dogan!”  It was a sweet melody.  My niece Rosa was running toward me.  She was so cute and bouncy, a girl of about ten moon-turns.
When she reached me, she hugged my legs, and I laughed.  I crouched down to look at her face.  I tilted her chin up in fondness.
“Good to see you, girl,” I said.
She smiled, showing off her two, missing front teeth.  “I swam.  I swam really well.  Father said that I swim as well as you,” she said proudly.
“I bet you did,” I said and smiled.
Her father was my cousin Drew.  The names of my relatives all came to me.  Rupert, Mila, Inda, Bornok, Mari — there are so many.
My father! My mother and my brothers.  My heart thumped like crazy.
“Where are they?” I looked into Rosa's eyes, and she froze.  She tugged at my hand and led me back to the Derellans’ camps.
I moved faster.  Why didn't I remember my family when I was out saving Derellans? Why did I forget to check on them first? I knew the answer — because as a soldier — my commitment is to the citizens, not to one particular group of people.  There are no families when you're out rescuing people.
I saw Bornok stood up, and I stopped dead in my tracks.  I searched the faces around him, longing to see my father's and my mother's...  and my brothers’...  When I didn't see them, I looked at Bornok again, and he shook his head.
No! This can't be.  I was out here to save Derella and my family was gone?
I crouched down and buried my head in my hands.  It's going to be a long day.  I couldn’t believe it.  All eight of them? That was impossible.
I felt Bornok's hand on my shoulder.		
“I'm sorry, Dogan...  But your family, they were as brave as you.  When there was no help from the palace in the first days, they were the first group to organize a rescuing party.”  The words were said to soothe me, but they never touched my heart.
“No bodies?” I asked gutturally.
“None.  But some witnessed a few of their deaths,” he said.
“Robin? He’s gone too?” I asked in a weak voice, too soft even for my own ears to hear.
“Gone,” he answered.
My poor baby brother.  He was barely fifteen.
Bornok left me alone, and I was thankful to him for letting me be.  Rosa left with Bornok too.  They were as sad over my loss as I, but losing all eight of them? It's just not fair.
I needed this moment of solitude.  Strength abandoned me and I couldn’t remove my hands from my face.  I didn’t know it was possible for grief to cause so much weakness to prevent anyone from crying — but I couldn’t — no tears would come out.  
Hours passed but the events that happened after I learned about my loss barely registered.  I only managed to move from my position, walked away from the camps, and sat alone devoid of emotions.  I would have stayed longer if my legs had not cramped.  Then I felt tiny hands groping my back as though somebody wanted me to carry him on a piggy back.
I raised my head and found myself looking at the ugly, little boy.  He was smiling at me, his puffy eyes barely showing.  He giggled and moved toward me, wriggling his way into my arms.
There's no one else for me.  There's no one else for this orphan.
“We are family, boy,” I whispered against his fur ball of a head.  “We are the only ones left.”  
Then I carried him and moved back to where the soldiers were.  They looked at me as I walked.  Apparently, the news of my losses had spread and their sympathetic eyes didn’t help me in any way.
***
Mid-day came too soon.  I created a make shift sling that could hold the toddler against my back.  When I move around, I carry him.
"Dogan, the emperor wants to see you,” Alren Agin said.  I nodded and moved to where the emperor was.
In the middle of the soldiers’ camp, a large tent stood.  Fourteen flags stood to its sides, all of Akea’s provinces, even the Ghost Town.
I nodded at my companions guarding the tent and entered.  The emperor was sitting on a leather chair.  It’s not as ostentatious as the one he had in Kanelan Palace, but it still looked totally out of place inside a tent.  The chair was high and the armrests were carved with emblems of the provinces.  The back stood a few feet above the emperor’s head and adorned with precious metals.  The burnt shade of brown coated the wooden backrest and I knew it was crafted by Tree Runners judging by the fluidity of the carvings.
I knelt to the emperor and said, “Your Grace.”
“We will leave in a while, Dogan,” Wind said.  “You will go back with me.”
“Your Grace, I would like to stay with my people for a while — to help them rebuild their lives,” I said humbly.
He regarded me coldly.  “When I sent you here, you resisted — telling me that your place is with me.  And now that I’m taking you back to the palace, you dare resist me again?”
“I meant no offense, Your Grace,” I said.  “But the people need me —”
“Catastrophes don't need you, Dogan.  I do.  There are plenty of soldiers who can do what you're capable of.  Lamare will come back with the scrolls soon.  You're the only one I trust to hold guard the chambers,” he said.
The scrolls.
What was so sacred and confidential about the scrolls? It came back to me.  Lamare's fear when she realized I read parts of the scroll.  The words she wrote.
Derella.  Flood for four days.  Many will die.  Until help comes from the palace.
I ran it in my head once more.  I hadn’t given it much thought because I was so taken with Lamare's beauty that I had not been paying attention to anything else when she met with the emperor.  Why in the world will an emperor be so keen on making a scribe write him scrolls? Scrolls that end up with Kino never being a citizen of Akea.  Why all the secrecy? Why was it only I that he trusts? Because I’m slow in thought, does he think I’m stupid? If my looks are a good disguise then so be it, but I’m not stupid.  I do act out of the love inside my heart though–and the love inside my heart is Lamare — which is why nothing ever registers to me when they talk.  Because I’m so barricaded with watching her that I have not a care in the world.  I shivered.
And that’s why I’m the only one he trusts.
As reality hit me, my knees trembled.
“Your Grace, if you will pardon me, I’d like to —”
“No,” Wind said.  “You will go back with me to the palace, ride the clouds with me on the way back.  The way it has always been.”
I can’t argue with the emperor or he will have my neck.  I remember Mathis, the ugly boy, in my back.  Mathis was the name I gave him.
“Your Grace, I have an orphan.  I promise his presence will not inconvenience my services.”
“Let me see him,” Wind said.
I took Mathis from my back and presented him to Wind.
“I’ll be darned!  That is one ugly child,” he blurted out.
Mathis only giggled.
“I don't see any trouble if you keep it,” he said.  “And you need company.  This time you won't stand out too much,” he said and dismissed me.
I paled.  It's like saying to my face that I’m as ugly as this child.  Well, not that I disagreed — but — a little respect would be much appreciated.
I walked out the tent and held Mathis close.
My chest was bursting, still haunted by the lady who I had to kill with a knife.  The parents of this boy who died in the flood.  My family — all gone.  And there was nothing to blame but the scrolls...  But how could I be certain?
Lamare wrote an accurate account of what unfolded in Derella.  And my body shivered when it dawned on me what I had been fighting to accept within myself.
Lamare — my only love — is a witch.
And like all witches, she will burn at stake.  I’ll see to that.
Mathis was watching me; his thin lips opened as if he wanted to say something but didn’t know the words.  
Lamare — why? Could so much love be instantly replaced by hate? Was it as simple as dousing fire with sand? I searched in my heart for my feelings for Lamare and knew the answer — yes.  There was no uncertainty.  The love that fuelled my heart before was now burning with a desire for revenge so great it consumed me.  I touched the gap between Mathis’s eyes, a sign a Derellan makes when he promises to another Derellan.
“We will have our revenge, Mathis,” I vowed before I pulled him closer to me.

Chapter 16 - Kino Amark

I wanted to ask Lamare why she wanted to run away from the emperor, but I couldn't because she already told me that it had something to do with the nightmares, and I didn’t want to press her further.
As the Royal Scribe, my mother usually locks herself inside her room and writes, and when she does, she becomes absorbed in the length of the scroll.  Could it be a novel? Or Akea's history? What could she be writing that would have to be submitted each time to the emperor for review? And this has gone on for moon-turns — as far back as I can remember.  Sometimes, I feel like the scrolls have something to do with the nightmares.  
I went inside our classroom to my seat.  Mayo was already inside, reading his notes from yesterday.  He looked up as I approached him.
“Have you thought of a new adventure?” he asked hopefully.  Mayo is a fat kid who likes to seek adventures with me.  Lately, we have not had any exciting ones.  I shook my head as I stared into his big, round eyes.
“There's nothing interesting —” I paused.  Maybe Mayo and I could find a place decent enough to live in.  “Yes, we need to find a hiding place,” I said, taking back my words.
Mayo's round eyes grew wider.  “A hiding place...”
“Shhh, keep your voice down.  I don't want anyone to hear about the adventure,” I said in a hushed voice since I noticed that a few of our other classmates had started walking inside the classroom.
“Do we have boundary limitations?” he asked.
I shook my head.  “No, we can go anywhere,” I said.  “Actually, my mom will be coming with us too,” I said.
“What?” he said loudly and several of our classmates looked at us.
I kicked him under the table.
“Ouch!”
“I told you to keep your voice down,” I whispered.
“But if your mom is going with us, it’s not going to be any fun at all,” he complained.
I grimaced.  It really wasn’t going to be any fun at all.
Mayo took out his sandwich and laid it on his desk.  He touched the sandwich and concentrated before he bit.  His power was eccentric.  Well, at least from what he told me.  He said that he could make bad components of food go away.  Like now for instance, I was pretty sure that he removed something from the sandwich before eating it, which was why it’s such a surprise to me that Mayo was fat.  He told me it's his bone structure.
“I’ll get a map from the library later and check which places we could go to.  I bet that will be a swell starting point,” he nodded to himself.
“Yes, brilliant,” I agreed.
The bell rang, and all the other students who were still outside went in and took their seats.  Conrad Eros and Lima Gotti entered last, snickering.  There must be something funny outside or they could be talking about a prank they're planning to pull on any of us.
In our batch, Conrad and Lima are a few of the stronger ones.  Lima can make the land rumble while Conrad can run like the wind.  This Akean Wine Festival, we are expected to be presented to the palace already to register our powers in the Akean books.
Mayo nudged me on the ribs.  “You're coming with me, right?” he said as he chewed on the sandwich.
“I told you I’m not going to the palace to be humiliated,” I said in a hushed voice so no one else would hear.
“But — what about my power?” he said before pointing to Conrad and Lima.  “They’re going to laugh at me and tease me about it,” he complained.
“At least you have a power,” I snapped at him and then felt guilty about it.
Mayo didn’t mean to make me feel bad about my power.  It’s just that not having any power itched.  And to be in the palace where everyone from school would be registered a citizen... I didn’t think I can handle that.
“Please,” Mayo begged.  I covered my ears to shut him out.
Dante Leban, our teacher, entered and everybody became silent.  I had to endure another hour of his lecture on how to control “our” power even though I had none.  This was the worst class ever, and I counted the minutes before it became over.
Today was different though. Professor Leban led us out to the school grounds and instructed us to fall in line.  There were two groups and because I was one of the taller kids, I had to be at the end of the line.
Mayo was in the front and he was paired with Lima who was almost the same size as Mayo except for the width.
“Buddies!  In harnessing your powers, it’s important that you share the exercise with your buddies,” Professor Leban began.
I looked at my side and saw who I was paired with.  Nong Dinta.  He was as tall as I, and we almost had the same body size.  If I had power, it would have been a suitable pairing.
“The difficult part is that you each have different powers, but it all boils down to control.  If you can control your power, it doesn’t matter how inferior,” he paused.  “Pardon the word, I mean if you feel like your power is weak — because in the end, if you can’t control what the gods gave you, you are as powerless as a new-born babe.”
I didn’t listen to the lecture because I have no need for it.  How will I control something I don’t have? I can only count on tactics, good strategies.  If I can have a good mind, maybe that in itself is power as good as anyone could ever hope to have.
“My power — is in my legs,” Professor Leban said.  Then he kicked off his shoes leaving him barefoot.  We watched as his right toes clumped dust, threw it in mid-air; he started kicking.  It was accurate that the dust landed on Mayo’s maroon sweatshirt forming the letter “D.”
We laughed and clapped at the same time.
“Now, who among you believe he has the strongest power in this group?” Professor Leban asked.
Not surprisingly, it was Lima who raised his hand.
“Come here, boy.  Let’s see what you’ve got,” Professor Leban said.  Sometimes it didn’t feel like he’s our teacher at all.  Maybe because he was relatively young when compared to our other professors, and he bantered with us outside the classroom.  I caught sight of Nicola batting her eyelashes at the professor.  Many girls claimed that he was as handsome as an actor with his golden curls and green eyes.  I scrunched my nose.
Lima took on a crouching stance and looked at Professor Leban.  Then he squints as he opens his upturned palms.  The pebbles on the ground started to shake.  Before he could do anything more, Professor Leban jumped, his toes scooping up dusts, kicking them in air until some of the pebbles started shooting straight at Lima’s clothes.  It was so fast that Lima didn’t get the chance to evade the flying dusts.  As a final clump shot his way, it blew in his face, and he ended up coughing.
Professor Leban was back on his feet and we were all silent.  Mayo glanced my way and gave me a wide grin.  I’m pretty sure what he was thinking, served Lima right.  That was for all the bullying that he ever did to us.
Lima was still coughing as he went back to the line.  His face was sour, and his eyes were red from the dust.
“Class, that’s what control means.  It doesn’t matter what your power is.  All you have to do is make the most of it.  Harness your power —”
Suddenly, the ground rumbled under him, and he almost slipped.  He kicked in the air once more and shot a pebble directly at Lima’s shoulder.
“And that’s for cheating,” Professor Leban said.  “You don’t use your power to harm anyone.  Three things that you will learn as your power gets listed in the Akean books.  One, you don’t use power for bad things.  Two, as a citizen, you use it to protect and serve the land.  Three, we are all equals.  Our power doesn’t make us more special than the others.  When we are ordained citizens, power becomes shared across the land.  Because we are expected to use them for the common good.  The way we use power brings in us bondage.”
Lima blushed.
Several of my classmates nodded, but I saw some of them yawning too.  The class was getting boring.  The ass-kicking that Professor Leban did earlier was what each of the students looked forward to.
“Control comes from?” asked Professor Leban.
“The mind,” Conrad answered hesitantly.
Professor Leban nodded as he moved around.  “Yes.  That’s true.  But from where else?”
A skinny girl answered, “From the heart?” Her voice was in doubt, but then Professor Leban looked at her and said excitedly, “Yes!”
The skinny girl blushed and she looked down to her feet.
“Exactly.  What one never sees is how powerful the heart can be.  It’s our most errant desires that give us exactly what we need, to make our power stronger.  Feel it.  The emotions rushing in as you try to harness your power, and it will come out.  It is difficult to put this in words, but the more you get in touch with your heart, the more positively it will affect your power,” he finished.
“Having said that, please face your buddies.  Learn something about them, and share your power.  It’s only a couple more weeks before you are all called in to be presented in the palace.  I hope that all of you will be ready by then to be presented to the emperor,” he said and sat down to watch us.
We did as we were told.  I turned to look at Nong, and he nodded to me.  I’m not too excited about this task because I have nothing to share.  Chances are I will have to listen to him ramble on about his power.  He told me that he’s an excellent swimmer, and he can control water when he’s on it.  But he didn’t say anything more.  No bragging.  Talk about good luck, at least I didn’t have to be bombarded by stories of how magnificent his power is.
And now the time has come for me to share what I can do.
I opened my mouth, but I couldn’t think of a word to say.  I saw some footprints come closer to us, and the hair on my arms stood.  Creepy, but it gave me the lie I needed.
“I can see ghosts,” I lied.
Nong’s mouth hung open.  “Really?”
The footsteps stopped beside Nong, and the direction of the footsteps told me that it was facing me.
I shook my head.  “No, I’m kidding,” I said and grinned.  “There’s no power yet,” I said and waited for the taunting that I knew would come.
Instead, he said, “Oh.  Well, I’m sure you will discover it soon,” Nong said and smiled.
The footsteps started walking away again, and I stared at it.  It moved quicker, farther away from me as if it was running.
“Excuse me, I need to pee,” I lied and ran after the footsteps.  The footsteps were so light I think I may be the only one who sees it.  If it weren’t for the encounter that I had with Pyper weeks ago at the foot of Mt. Ricuss, I wouldn’t have made this keen observation.
“Hey, come back!”  Professor Leban yelled.
“He’s going to pee,” Nong said.
The class laughed, but I was already far away from them that I didn’t care who laughed and who didn’t.  Besides, I have grown accustomed to that sound.
***
The footsteps are moving farther away, and I had to run faster to catch them.  The hairs on my arms are still standing on ends, but there’s something odd about the ghosts.  Are they supposed to have footsteps? 
The last time that I had an encounter with a ghost, I remember touching its body, and it was solid.  It wasn’t made of air.  It wasn’t even cold.  So, the ghost is actually not a ghost? I have to find out.
The footsteps are difficult to track now because it has started running inside the forest toward Mt. Ricuss.  So — it’s true.  The ghost is from the Ghost Town.  At least that’s how it seemed.  The footsteps ran toward the mountains to get inside of the Ghost Town.
“Wait!”  I shouted.  I didn’t know why I did that.  But the ghost talked to me last time and at least gave me its name.  If it’s the same ghost, which I assumed it was, then it’s a girl whose name is Pyper.
“Pyper?” I shouted, hoping that it was she, and she would show herself.  Am I ready to see a ghost? 
Her footsteps are gone now.  Around me, I hear soft crunching of the dried leaves like they were being stepped on.  I looked around, hoping to catch her.  She was quick.  Either that or she really was a ghost and that I won’t be able to catch her — ever.
I heard the rustling in front of me and I followed, running all the way.  Then the movements stopped, and so did the sounds.
I sat down on the ground.  “I won’t leave,” I said, hoping that the ghost heard me.
I waited, but there is no other sound aside from the loud thumping of my heart.  I’m pretty tired, not knowing how far I had run.  It feels like miles.  Tomorrow, I’m sure I’ll have a note from the teacher about having to skip class.  But the footsteps of this ghost have been following me around, and I need to face my fears, isn’t that what people say? This is me being courageous.  If I’m not that, then how in the world will I ever be able to help Lamare?  It didn’t stop my hands from getting clammy though.
I heard movements from my back and I stood up slowly, not breathing.  A dog ran straight toward me and lifted its paws at me, licking my hands.  
“Brue, go away,” I said.  If Brue is here, then I can only guess who’s coming next.
“You ran away without me?” Mayo said, panting.  When he reached me, he crouched down to catch his breath.  “It’s a good thing Brue can track your scent,” he said.
Mayo should really get some exercise.  He has to be in shape if I’m to take him in my search for a hiding place.  
“Why did you follow me?”
“What? The question is — why did you leave me?” Mayo countered, putting stress on leave.
“I’m not going out for an adventure,” I said, which was true.  It wasn’t adventure I was seeking, although come to think of it, it kinda was.  I scanned the surrounding hoping that the ghost would show a sign of its presence.
“Then why did you run away like that? Professor Leban will be mad at you for skipping the rest of the class.  And he told the class that even if you didn’t have any power, that didn’t excuse you from not attending it… You know, he said, what’s important is...”
“Control,” we said in unison, and we broke down laughing.
I patted Brue on the head and sat back down.  Mayo looked around before doing the same.
“So what are you doing here? This is very near…”  Mayo’s round eyes bulged from their sockets.  “The Ghost Town!”  
He stood up so suddenly, and Brue was immediately to his side.  “Come on, Brue, let’s leave Kino here, this is no place for adventure...”
I shrugged and ignored him.  I didn’t want him here anyway.  If he’s here, there’s no chance that the ghost will ever show itself — or herself.
Mayo started walking away while Brue stayed, its ears perched up.  Then Brue started growling.
Mayo and I looked at the direction it’s barking at and we waited for whoever or whatever it was to show up.  Mayo ran toward me and clutched my hands; then he used me as a human shield.  His hands gripped my sides tightly.
“Let go,” I said.  Then the ground rumbled beneath us, and we both toppled down.  Brue went a few yards away from us and stopped barking.
Lima and Conrad, I suppose.  And before we were back on our feet, Lima and Conrad showed up.
Brue started barking again, but when the land rumbled under its feet, it stopped and ran away.
“What are you losers doing here?” Lima asked.  
Conrad looked around curiously, his eyebrows furrowed.
“Nothing,” I said.
“Practicing,” Mayo said before I had the chance to stop him.
Lima’s eyebrows shot up, and his reaction was mirrored in Conrad’s face.
Lima asked, “What are you practicing? Eating?”
The bullies laughed.
Mayo blushed furiously, his cheeks turned pink.  “No — Kino discovered his power...”
That stopped both of them.  Conrad moved closer.  He ran in circles around us and then stopped by Lima’s side.
“I don’t think it’s true.  What have you been practicing?” Conrad asked.
Everybody was looking at me.  I caught Mayo’s eyes and I fought the urge to kick him.  Why did he ever say I had power?
“What?” Lima asked.
Mayo said hesitantly, “Distantekus.”
“Shut up,” I told him.
“Oh, you shut up,” Mayo said back to me.
My jaw dropped.  What in the world was Mayo’s problem?
Conrad’s and Lima’s eyes widened in surprise, and then they laughed again.
“This is going to be good,” Conrad said.  They sat in front of us.  “Show us,” he said.
I rolled my eyes at Mayo and wanted to ask him why he had to open his big mouth.  And for that matter, why Distantekus?  It was an ancient power that only a few Akeans ever possessed.  It was the power to move things and levitate objects using only the mind.  I used to dream about what my power could be like, and Distantekus, in its grandiosity, never crossed my mind.
“I’m sorry...” he whispered to me.  “I thought that if I told them something really, really strong, they will get scared and run away...”
What a horrible reason! Before this gets any worse, I said, “I have no power... really, Mayo’s just fooling around.”  Then I nudged a scared Mayo, and he nodded several times.
“It’s true,” he said.  “We’re sorry.”
“Oh, crap!  Can you believe it, Lima? These losers are wasting our time.  Let’s go, but before we do, let’s have some fun first.”
Conrad stopped as Mayo pointed at a floating rock just about the size of my fist.  “Look!  Kino, are you the one doing that?”
I looked at the floating rock and began shaking my head.  Was I doing that? I raised my arm and the rock floated higher.  I lowered my arm, and the rock fell down.
Lima and Conrad were both looking at the rock; their faces were in shock, their mouths hanging open.  I swore if a bee were to fly by, it would have been impossible for that bee not to end up in one of their mouths because they had theirs widely open.
But they weren’t the only ones shocked, I also was.  How in the world?
I concentrated and mustered all the energy that I have and looked at another rock, willing it to move.  But instead of the round, smooth rock, another moved instead and I was even more confused.  If I was the one doing it, then why was I making the wrong rock move?
I lifted my arm and the rock floated.  Lima and Conrad were still looking at me.  I made a throwing gesture, and the rock flew and landed in front of Conrad and Lima who were both standing now.  Mayo’s eyes were excited, a bit of drool ran down the corner of his mouth.
“Close your mouth, Mayo,” I said.
“Oh,” he said before closing his mouth.  “He’s still learning, but when he gets to master his power, he will throw bigger rocks at you, assholes,” he shouted, wiping away the sliver of saliva on the corner of his mouth.  
Lima and Conrad looked at each other before they started walking away.  “This is nonsense.”
When they were already far, Mayo shouted again.  “Boulders! Kino will throw boulders at you!”
“Stop it,” I said.
Mayo looked at me.  “Wow.  I was only making that up, Distantekus... but I didn’t know you really have it...”
I didn’t know how to react.  I was sure I didn’t have power, but how would I explain what just happened? I moved closer to the rock and lifted my hand without touching it.  The rock floated.
Mayo was at my side, his mouth hanging open in astonishment once again.  
Then I moved closer to the rock and made a gesture that I’m dropping the rock.  And then the rock did fall.  How in the world?
I walked closer and closer to the rock until it was within my reach and raised my hands again.  This time, when the rock floated, I saw what was underneath it — soft footsteps.  Oh, I was being played around by the ghost.  I saw my chance, and while I was still holding my hand up, I jumped forward, hoping to grasp a body out of thin air.  I wasn’t expecting there to be any body, but when my body slammed against a solid, invisible object, I immediately tightened my hold, and whatever it was — whoever it was, we wrestled on the ground.
“Show yourself,” I said.  “I’m not going to hurt you,” I shouted.
I couldn’t see Mayo because I was busily wrestling with the ghost.  Holding its body against mine.  It seemed that the ghost was so little that I could only surmise it really was Pyper.  I had my arms around it, and any minute now, it would show itself.  I couldn’t wait for that time to come.  I was so excited to finally find out the truth about the ghosts that I almost smiled even as I wrestled.  Then something hit me on the head and I passed out.

Chapter 17 - Pyper San Diego

I knew trouble when I saw it, and this, what just happened, was so beyond me that I didn’t know how I’d ever explain it to my father.
The sky was already dark, and the fat boy was still holding Kino’s head in his arms.  Whenever I moved closer to them, he would push me away and shriek.  I told him many, many times that I wasn’t a ghost.
I broke a Nivan rule and my heart chilled just thinking about it.  I spoke! I talked to the fat boy and told him that I was a friend.  That I was human too.  But this tub of lard just shrieked that I couldn’t figure out why Kino still had not stirred since he passed out.
Well, being friends with this fat boy all these moon-turns could have made him deaf already if his friend shrieked like this every day.
It was foolish of me to go to Kino’s school today, but there was no formal schooling in Nivaton.  It’s just the Elders that taught us what we knew.  Besides, there was nothing much for us to learn anyway because all we ever knew about our power was that we could turn invisible, but there was no one to teach us how to properly use the power.  My father had always told me that it’s better that way, that we only use our power to hide, but I didn’t want to agree with him.
Oh father, please forgive me, I keep on chanting inside my head.
This fat kid was going to bring a lot of trouble.  Maybe it’s not yet too late for me to scare him into really thinking I was a ghost.  But after all the talking that I did, would he still believe me? Well, I guessed it’s not a far cry.  After all, he still pushed me away.
“I’m sorry — what’s your name?” I asked for like the hundredth time already.
“What are you?” he shouted.
“A girl!  A pretty little girl!” I shouted back.
“Pretty?  Like you don’t ever look into a mirror!” he shouted, although his chin trembled.
“You are so frustrating!” I wasn’t able to suppress my thoughts anymore. The fat kid regarded me with hostility in his eyes, and he clutched Kino’s head tighter.  Then he whispered to him, “I’m sorry, Kino.  I meant to hit her, not you —”  
This was really so frustrating.  “If you don’t stop fretting, I’ll eat you!”
That seemed to rattle him.
“Don’t move near me! I mean us! Don’t move near us!” he shouted.
A dog came and moved toward them.  The fat boy looked relieved and pulled the dog closer to him.
“Go, Brue, bite her.  She’s the enemy,” he said, pointing a finger at me.
I wanted to shout again.  His nonsense bickering only made everything fuzzier.  I couldn’t think straight.  If I wasn’t back in Nivaton in an hour, my father would have my hide.  I’d never see Kanela again.
The dog moved toward me and sniffed me.  Then it went in circles before sitting near my feet.
“See? Your dog’s not afraid of me.  I’m not the enemy, I’m not a ghost,” I said in utter desperation.
If I had known that this was how it’s going to end, I wouldn’t have had meddled in their fight earlier with the two bullies.
I was short for my age; and well, everywhere there were bullies.  Back in the village, there were some who made fun of me too, but I was always smart enough to get back at them.  That’s why I couldn’t stand to see Kino being bullied because I knew how bad it felt.
Earlier, I was searching my head how I could help Kino when this fat boy opened his mouth and said Distantekus.  It was brilliant.  That’s the only way I could help.  If I were to lift something in the air, since no one could see my body, I could get the bullies into believing that Kino had power.  And it was fun while it lasted.
I never thought that Kino would jump right at me.  I should have foreseen it since he’s been tailing me for the rest of the afternoon, but still, it flew out of my head.  And now, here we were gathered like the sad bunch we were.
Kino still wouldn’t stir, and his fat friend was annoyingly testing my patience.
I knew what I would do.  I made myself invisible, and saw the fat boy’s face grew more scared.  He clutched Kino’s head tighter.
I moved closer to them, and then I took Kino’s head in my hands and prepared to wrestle against the fat boy.  But I didn’t have to because as soon as the fat boy felt my hands taking Kino’s head, he immediately let go of the head like a hot potato and moved away from me as though I had a stinking, contagious disease.  He started running away, and the dog — Brue, immediately followed him.
Oh no, I thought.  If he were to run away, he might tell on me!  I couldn’t let him go.  Not until I had come up with a solid solution to all the mess that I’d gotten myself into.
“There are ghosts lurking around,” I yelled after him.
It worked.  The fat boy stopped and the dog did too.
“Come back here, I promise not to harm you.”  Then I added teasingly, “A ghost’s promise is never said to be broken.”
He ran again and I had to shout louder this time, “I’m kidding! Please come back already.  I won’t harm you and Kino —”
The fat boy studied me carefully and asked, “You knew his name?” 
“Yes.”  I saw an advantage.  “I told you, I’m a friend.”
He moved back slowly toward us.  His eyes were still wary.  “If you were a friend then why did you wrestle with him?”
That was a difficult one to answer and I didn’t see the question coming, but Kino started stirring so I didn’t have to answer.  Moments later Kino opened his eyes.
The fat kid was immediately back on our side.  “Kino! I’m sorry I hit you.  I didn’t mean to, I swear,” he said nervously.
Kino opened his eyes and touched his head.  He backed away from me and looked at his hand that touched his head.  There was blood on it, but it had dried up.  He grimaced in pain.
“That was one hard blow, Mayo,” he said.  He looked at me and moved his face closer to mine.  He has such cute eyes, and in the darkness, they glimmer.  “Hi, Pyper,” he said and grinned.  He looked happy to see me.  Relief washed over my face.
Mayo — so that was the fat boy’s name.
“You knew each other?” he asked, confused.
“I told you, I’m a friend,” I said.
Kino shrugged.  “Well, not exactly,” he said.
“Hah!” Mayo said and pointed at me.  “You’re lying! I knew you were lying.  Kino, let’s go home,” he said.
Oh for the love of the gods.  This kid was hopeless.
“I guess I have to thank you,” Kino said to me and I wasn’t able to help it; I smiled at him.
“Why?” Mayo asked.  “Why are you thanking her?”  Then to me, he added, “Why are you so gray?”  He poked a finger at my shoulder blades as though checking if I was real.  Like telling him repeatedly that I wasn’t a ghost wasn’t enough.
I don’t actually blame him because there’s no one who ever knew what our power was… except for the Royal family.  But when Northsam died, and an emperor was raised in his stead, I’m not sure if the knowledge of our power was ever passed on to the new emperor.
“I’m gray so you’d be scared,” I said in frustration.
“Mayo, quit bothering Pyper,” Kino said.  “Ouch,” he said as he sat up.
“I’m sorry, but I don’t have any ointment to help you with the bump,” I said.  “Let me see.”  I didn’t wait for his response.  I stood up and leaned toward his head to examine it.  Mayo did the same.  “There’s a wound and a bump but nothing more,” I said.  “I don’t know why you passed out for so long if it’s just this.”
“Well, he hit me really, really hard,” Kino said.  He looked around and his face paled.  “Oh no, Lamare! My mom will be worried,” he said and stood up.
Mayo stood up too.  
“It’s a long way back.  But I guess we have to split now,” I said.
“Wait,” Kino said and grasped my arm.  “I can’t let you go this time.  So, are you —”
“A ghost?” I cut in, my eyes widening.  “Do you still think I’m a ghost after what just happened?”
He shook his head slowly.  “It’s just surreal… so there are many of you?”
I held Kino’s gaze, and then I looked at Mayo. He was listening closely.  To me, the fat boy was difficult to read.  I wasn’t sure if I could trust him.
As if reading my mind, Mayo stated, “Don’t worry about me, I’m Kino’s most trusted friend, I can keep a secret.”  
But there was a certain flicker of interest in his eyes that scared me.  Maybe he wouldn’t spill our secret willingly but if forced to — I saw how he reacted earlier with the bullies, that he could be taunted to tell.  If at all, this was his fault.  But there didn’t seem to be a way for me to hide this from him anymore.
“Swear to me.  Swear on your parents’ bloodlines that you won’t tell,” I said.
They were taken aback and shuffled their feet as if mulling things over.  After a moment's hesitation, they said in unison, “I swear.”
“Do you really have to go back to your mother tonight?” I asked Kino.
He thought about it for a moment before answering, “She would definitely get worried, but I can make her understand.”
“Good,” I said.  I looked at Mayo, “And you?”  
“No one’s going to miss me.  My grandmother is probably fast asleep now.  And both of my parents are serving in the palace.  Nobody’s going to look for me,” he said.
I breathed in deeply.  This is it.  I’m sure my father will kill me.  I breathed in and took Mayo’s hand.  He recoiled at my touch.
“Hold my hand,” I said, irritated by his movement.  “My power is limited.  I can extend invisibility to only one person.  I think Kino can hide, but with your clumsiness, I doubt if you can.  So let me help you,” I finished.  It is already dark, so this doesn’t make much sense.  But a fat kid roaming the mountains is bound to be a sure piece of conversation in town, so I had to make him seem like he’s one of us.  As for Kino, well, he’ll get by.  When we’re already in Nivaton, I’ll hide him first in the trees and leave him there.  Once Mayo is all settled, I’ll come back for Kino and make him invisible too.  
Then what next? Brue.
“Make your dog go back to Kanela,” I told Mayo.
“Brue, go home.  I’ll be back home tomorrow,” Mayo said.  The dog stared at us, and as if understanding Mayo’s words, it turned away and got lost in the darkness of the forest.
“Let’s go,” I said.
I can’t wait for the night to be over.  Worries are only good for a day.  When tomorrow comes, I’m pretty sure there will be nothing more to worry about.
When Mayo and I were invisible, I took Kino’s hands.  If he can’t see us, how will he follow us? That’s my excuse for taking his hand.  But as we walked and I enjoyed holding his hand, a small smile formed on the side of my lips.  Whatever the trouble is, it sure was worth it because I got to hold Kino’s hand. 

Chapter 18 – Mayo Calo

I have not been a fan of the forests.  When not in school, I usually visit Kino in their cottage after I run errands for my grandmother.  Inside the forest, I feel like there are eyes lurking everywhere, creatures of the night, of the darkness wanting to envelop me in their fingers.  And should these vile creatures chase me, which I’m most certain they will — they will laugh their heads out and scare me.  And I would shiver and wish for my dog Brue to be with me; at least he can bite the nasties of the night, whatever they are, away.
And tonight is something I didn’t expect.  Pyper’s hand was holding mine tightly and I can see through my freaking body.  How did this happen? I want to shrivel and die at the moment.  I want to see my body again.  Instead, the darkness that envelops us seeped through my body adding up to my fear.  If I have a better power, one that doesn’t deal with food or bad ingredients — something that I can be proud of, then maybe I wouldn’t be so scared.
Kino thinks that having no power is a bummer.  But he’s so enclosed in his shell that he never once stopped to think what it must feel like to have a power and yet find it repulsive.  To be the butt of all jokes.  
Well, middle school will soon pass by and I won’t have to deal with the bullying then as soon as I get enlisted as a Palace Soldier, which is my dream.  And I’m hoping to be a general someday like my father.
Since my father is a general, I barely see him, but it doesn’t matter.  When we are presented to the palace on the Akean Wine Festival, I might bump into him, but he might evade my eyes and not recognize me as his own.  And it’s all because of this stupid power that I have.
I like Kino.  He is a good kid.  He’s kind, and he’s brilliant.  But more importantly, he doesn’t stand out because he is as much as a wallflower as I.  If Kino thinks that I only befriended him because I feel sorry for him, he’s in for a surprise — it’s not.  Rather, it’s because I feel sorry for myself.
I stumbled upon a rock and slipped, pulling Pyper down with me.
“Oh, goodness,” she said.
Even invisible, I felt my cheeks grow hot in embarrassment.  “I’m sorry,” I said as Kino helped us up.
Pyper didn’t speak but instead focused on the trail ahead of us.  She said it’s still a long way and there’s no reason why I shouldn’t believe her.
The Ghost Town — this freaks me out — is her home town.  I felt another wave of shivers course through my body and I have to fight the queasiness of my stomach.  This shitty thing always happens whenever I get nervous.
We were back walking again, and this time, I took extra care not to slip.  This wouldn’t do well for a first impression.  Earlier when I thought Pyper a ghost, I shrieked like a girl.  But who wouldn’t, right? I mean, it’s not an excuse — it’s a fact that anybody who sees a body materializing out of thin air would shriek as loudly as I did — or maybe even louder.  That doesn’t make me a coward.
Pyper slowed down, and I was thankful for that.  I’m trying hard not to breathe out loudly, and it was such an effort because I’ve been trying to catch my breath five minutes after we started walking briskly.  She pulled us to a stop and let go of my hand.
Pyper looked up at Kino.  “We are just several yards away from Nivaton.  I’ll leave you here.  I’m taking Mayo first,” she said.  Kino looked at me, perhaps wondering if I’m okay with that.  When I didn’t argue, Kino nodded.
They were a funny sight, Kino is so tall and Pyper so short that their heads are perhaps exactly a foot apart.
Pyper tugged at my hand.  “Let’s go, Mayo.  Please watch your steps.  We’re going to be invisible again.”  We walked away and then she looked back.  “Please hide, Kino, I’ll be back for you,” she said.
Her voice was so soft, but in my heart it rang so true... that no matter how dark it may still get later, the words Pyper said were as good as any promise made by an adult.
***
Pyper lied to me!  We walked another mile, and that’s after she said we’re only a few yards away from her home.  Why would she raise my hopes up, making me believe that rest was not too far along... and that I could eat soon.  She never mentioned anything about food — but she couldn’t be so cruel, could she? She would feed us or she wouldn’t have insisted on taking us with her.
Then I saw Nivaton and was awed.  It felt like a holiday here because all around, the trees were lit.  The trees were blinking with their lights on — no, wait a minute — it’s not the trees.  Rather, there were tree houses! And they were lit from the inside.
From afar, it looked as if the houses were littered by fireflies.  A million fireflies perhaps.  The town was generally silent and a few lights went off, which could only mean that it’s unquestionably night time, and people were starting to turn in.
“It’s still not too late in the night, but we turn off the lights early in case some wanderers brave this side of the mountains.  You see, this is part of the act,” she didn’t continue what she was about to say, but I got what she meant.  
I still got the creeps every time I remembered that the ghosts were people.  How would I ever look at one of them without having to think that they were ghosts come alive? That was going to be the ultimate challenge.
Pyper stopped and looked up a tree.  “This is our house.  Can you climb?”
How could Pyper expect someone my size to dangle from tree to tree? It was plain silly.  Of course, I couldn’t!  Just when I thought that resting was within grasp, she had to take it away from me.  Again.
I grunted; then I shook my head.
“Okay.  Ladder it is then.  Hold my waist while I bring it down,” she said.
It was no fun to watch her because there was nothing to watch.  All I know was that I was holding her waist, and the freaking ropes are moving in front of me!  I shivered again.  I hoped Pyper’s the one working the ropes or I wouldn’t be able to control giving out another shriek.
The ladder swayed in front of us.
“Come on,” she said.  “Keep your hand on my ankle as we go up.”
Do I have to? I wanted to thump her on her head for making me climb, but I was so hungry I just wanted to check their dining table.  So with my growling stomach, I grabbed the ladder and pulled myself up.
I focused on touching her ankle as I climbed, and it wasn’t that bad at all.  I lifted myself from the last step of the ladder and finally, we entered their house.
“Father?” she asked.  Nobody answered.  She tugged at my hand, and we walked faster but more carefully into a room that’s at the far end of the house.  She opened the door and we went inside.
I exhaled as she lets go of my hand.  I could tell that she was also tense as we tiptoed to her room.
“Just stay inside.  You may lie down in my bed and cover yourself with a blanket,” she said.  “I don’t know where my father is but if he’s not yet in, chances are he will return late from a town meeting.”
I nodded.
“I’ll go back for Kino now.  Stay inside,” she said and left me before I could say another word.
You forgot my food, I wanted to shout.  My stomach growled with me.  I was starving!  But then I heard some babies cry from the outside and my heart started pumping in fear.  I curled up on Pyper’s bed and hid under the blanket.

Chapter 19 – Kino Amark

The mosquitoes are beginning to bite me and I shoved them away.  If I don’t move from my squatting position, my legs will be numb for walking later.  Pyper is taking long, and I wonder where they are now.
On other instances, I would have been terrified to even linger in this part of Nivaton but knowing that Pyper is human too made a difference.
Back when I tended her a few weeks ago, when I saw her lying on the ground, her gray skin almost drove me away.  It looked so different, but I thought she just needed a bath — a long one.  When she didn’t speak and never answered any of my questions, I never thought of her as a ghost because she was all flesh, her body was warm, and gray might be the color of her skin, but it actually looked pretty cute on her.  She was so tiny that it’s hard to put an age to her, but perhaps she’s younger than I.
I’m still amazed every time I touch her and feel the heat on her skin because when she vanished right under my nose, I concluded she’s a ghost.  And well — I don’t think anybody can blame me for thinking that.
I stretched my legs in front of me while sitting.  I dared not make big movements because someone may spot me.  
My heart froze when something moved in front of me, and found that there’s nobody there.
“Pyper?” I whispered.
“Kino, it’s me,” she said softly.  Then she showed herself.  “Sorry it took so long, but Mayo’s strides were short, and he’s slow…”
I smiled at her.  “There’s no need to explain.”
She smiled back and held out her hand to me.  “Let’s go, we have to be fast.  My father was not in the house yet and I want to reach the house before he does,” she said.
I took her hand and stood up, then watched as my hand vanished right in front of me.  Then it travelled slowly up my arm, then to my body, and down to my legs.  I shivered.  Surreal!
“Sorry for the shivers,” I said.  “It’s just that this is so unusual —”
“It’s okay.  I would have shivered many times more if our places were switched,” she said lightly.
Pyper pulled at my hand and started walking faster.  I watched as the darkness enveloped us. There are times I feel like I’m going to stumble the way Mayo did earlier because when you don’t see your feet right in front of you, it’s difficult to actually assess where to step on next.  Not that it mattered a lot because it’s dark already and even if my body were visible I’m pretty sure it will still be a tough journey.
“Can I ask a question?” I asked.
Pyper didn’t answer me immediately and I thought she didn’t hear me.
“Yes, but speak softly.  There are Nivans patrolling around the town so they can warn the villagers in case a stranger enters our place.”
That freaked me out because what she said meant that anywhere, eyes could be looking down upon us.
“I seem to see your footsteps everywhere — were you following me?” I asked.
Her grip on my hand tightened.  Maybe she didn’t want to tell me why.  But I needed to know — because to be stalked by a person was one thing — but a ghost for a stalker albeit human still drove me nuts.
“I don’t like bullies,” she said simply.
Oh.  She thought I needed protecting.  How utterly sad for my pride and equally sweet and touching at the same time.
“I can fight them you know...”
“Uh-huh.  I saw you stood up to them many times.  But that instance that you took the time to help me when I passed out, it changed something in me — in what I believed in.”  Pyper stepped sideways to avoid a tree because I felt her tug me to the left.  I followed her lead.
“I used to think that all Akeans are the same — Kanelans, Derellans, Lacayans — all of you, it didn’t matter what province you came from.  You’re as cruel as your emperor.”
Her words pierced my heart.  “Why would you think that?”
“It’s been told to us since we started walking that Akeans were ruthless — heartless — perhaps all the negative things the Elders could think of.  We didn’t use to hide, you know.  We were once a flourishing town and had income from tourists coming in from all over Akea.  Nivaton was one of the main attractions in Akea, it being too close to Kanela.  But all that changed, and we were erased from the map,” she continued.
“I still see your land in the map —”
“It isn’t the same!  Ghost Town is not the same as Nivaton!” she hissed.
“Many Nivans were killed in a storm which led to flooding — and since then the Elders of the town thought it best to hide instead.  Mask ourselves behind our powers.  It wasn’t difficult for us.  We didn’t think that we’d be branded as ghosts though, but well — you saw it yourself.  With the way we behave, how can anybody else mistake us for anything else?”
I nodded to myself.  She’s right.  The ghost brand suited them, and it was a good disguise too.
“You said I made you change your mind,” I said and paused.
She moved faster.  “Yes… you were my first encounter with an Akean.  And you helped me out.  I was a stranger and yet you reached out to me.  How can I think otherwise — that you are bad, I mean?”
“Well, not all Akeans are good,” I said.  “I’m not saying in particular that I’m good, but there are the bullies.” I blushed.
She laughed softly, masking the sound she made.
“You don’t have to lecture me about the bullies.  They are everywhere, even in our town,” she said and I smiled.  
“That’s true.”  Maybe we aren’t so different after all.
“And there’s the emperor,” she said.
That piqued my interest.  “What about the emperor? Is he really evil?” I asked.
Pyper became silent for a while before she answered my question.  “Where have you been? Do you mean to say that I know more about your place than you?”
Before I could protest, she continued, “The Elders in Nivaton have been meeting for several nights now.  I don’t know what they’re discussing, but,” she paused, “last week, I was out looking for Cogi and couldn’t find him.  You see, he’s such a dear friend and I wanted to play with him.  He’s good in the trees.  But he wasn’t around.  When I asked his mother, she told me that Cogi had gone missing and she said that he probably trailed after the two dozen Nivans that went to outside of Nivaton.  I don’t know what for.”
Ghosts out in Akea? Roaming the streets? I hope Lamare doesn’t encounter any of them or she may be frightened.  Already, I worry about her.
“I don’t know what they will do outside… but did you hear that there was heavy flooding in Derella?” she finished.
Derella?  “I have never been there… but I didn’t know.”  
“There was, it started several days ago.  And I think that’s where Cogi went.  I don’t know what they’ll do, but I can only hope they will save Derellans.”
I need to tell Lamare.  My mom is back in our cottage in Wawang and if a rebellion is starting in the south, then maybe we can pose as refugees there… that will be a good hiding place.  I definitely have to come up with a good plan soon.
“Why do you think he’s evil?” Pyper asked.
“What?”  I got lost in my thoughts that I had to ask her again.
“The emperor — why is he so bad? Do you think it’s right to have the rebellion?”
I thought about it.  “I can’t say why… but life for my mother and I has been difficult.  She’s the Royal Scribe, but we’re living on pennies.”
“Wow, the Royal Scribe?” she gushed.  “What does she actually do?”
“She writes for the emperor.  And then, I’m not so sure what she does from there.  She meets with the emperor every fortnight.”  I stopped because I didn’t know what to say next.
A sound escaped Pyper’s lips.  She sounded amazed.
“It must be great...  to see the emperor very often,” she said.
I didn’t know the proper response to that.  I just shrugged.
“I haven’t met anyone who’s gone to the palace before,” she paused.  “Take me!  You’ve got to promise to take me.”  Her voice was loud.
“Um, keep your voice down,” I warned.
“Oops, sorry,” she said.
I chuckled.  “You’re asking me as though it’s easy.”
“Why not?”
“Because we’ll need a carriage.”
“Can’t you get one?” she asked.
“No.  I don’t have enough coins.”
Pyper became silent. I thought she let go of the topic already only to find out that she was thinking of other ways to go to the palace.
“How about on foot then?” she said.
“Impossible!”
“Hm.  That far?”
I wrinkled my nose. “Maybe...  But not because of the distance.  Going to the palace is the kind of adventure that needs planning,” I said.
“Okay,” she whispered.
“That’s it?” I asked, surprised that she didn’t insist on running to the palace.
Pyper laughed.  “Uh-huh.  I know we can’t afford the fare.”
I blushed and felt Pyper tensing too.  
“So your mom goes to the palace alone?” she asked.
“Yes,” I replied.
“Maybe we could ride with her...”
“No,” I said quickly.  
“Why not?” she asked.  “It sounds like you don’t want to take me there.”
“It’s not that...”  I hesitated.  “I don’t want to go to the palace.”
“Bummer,” she muttered under her breath.
Pyper stopped talking to me and we concentrated on the journey through the dark forest instead. 
After a few minutes, I saw Nivaton.  There were a few tree houses with the lights on.  Dear gods, this place must look lovely with the sun’s and moons’ lights.  I wish it were morning already.
“Seems like everybody has turned off their lights,” she said.
Pyper led me toward her family’s tree house and we climbed.  I was exhausted when we reached the top.  I followed Pyper as she went inside the house.
There was a man sitting on a wooden bench.  Right across him was Mayo, looking frightened and sitting on the edge of his chair.  The man’s eyes were shooting daggers at me… and then at Pyper.
We are still invisible, and I don’t know how he sensed us.  Pyper let go of my hand.
“Father!” she uttered in panic.
“Big trouble, young lady,” he said admonishingly.  “Show your friends to your room and be back here as fast as you can or you will grow white hair making sandals inside your room.”
That made Pyper’s eyes widen.  I walked faster toward her bedroom as she hurriedly pushed Mayo and me inside.  
When the door closed, Mayo broke the silence.
“I’m hungry,” he said.  If I hadn’t been scared for Pyper, I would have laughed.
***
“Please stop moving around,” Mayo pleaded.  “You’re giving me headaches, and I’m too hungry I fear that I might pass out any moment soon.”
I stopped and sat beside him in Pyper’s bed.
“I’m worried.  She might have broken their rules by showing herself to us and by letting us know what her power is.”  I mulled it inside my head.  If she did those, then it meant that Mayo’s and my life were both in danger.  I hoped that her father would be kind enough to believe that we have pure hearts.  I looked sideways at Mayo who looked as baffled as I did.  Mayo may have his shortcomings, but I trust him with all my heart.  I’ll vouch for him.
“I won’t tell anyone,” Mayo grumbled.
“Of course, we wouldn’t tell anyone.  We both swore oaths.  And a Palace Soldier would never break an oath,” I told Mayo.  I gave reference to being a soldier because I knew how much Mayo wanted to become one when he comes of age, and because of what I just said, he would surely take our oaths to heart.
Mayo nodded.  “Aren’t you hungry?” he asked.
“Will you stop thinking about food for a second?” I snapped.
“Easy for you to say,” he murmured.  Then he raised his right arm and scratched his armpit with his left hand.
“Geesh, you’re so gross,” I hissed.
Mayo ignored me and kept scratching his armpit.  “I miss grandma.  She would have made me bread from purple yams.”
I ignored my friend even though he kept on reciting his grandma’s recipes.
I was tense while I waited in silence for Pyper to enter the room, a stark contrast to how Mayo was behaving.
I wanted to listen to the conversation outside but decided not to.  If I get caught, that would make Pyper’s father think that I’m not as trustworthy as his daughter believes me to be.
The door opened and I stood up, hoping to hear good news from Pyper.  Instead, I found myself staring at her father.
“You will not tell one soul about what you discovered tonight,” he said in a cold tone and I nodded nervously.
“Not one word, sir —”
He regarded me and Mayo.  “There’s food outside.  Go and eat with Peeps.  After that, you will sleep immediately.  We’ll take you back early in the morning so nobody would see you.  I can’t risk the entire village knowing about your presence,” he said.
Mayo looked nervous but when he heard about dinner, he smiled briefly, and he was the first to follow Pyper’s father to the kitchen.
Pyper was sitting in one of the chairs and I glanced at her, wanting to know if she would be punished.  She looked down on her food.
A woman who looked about the same age as Pyper’s father was also seated.  Pyper’s father took the seat at the head of the table.
“This is my wife Laren,” Pyper’s father said.  The woman had blond hair like Pyper’s, although hers took on a darker hue. She was on the stocky side. 
“Please sit down, and do tell me your names,” the kindly woman said.  Her lips were frozen with a smile.
We did as we were told and I grabbed the chair opposite Pyper.  Mayo sat next to me.
“Mayo Calo, sir,” Mayo said.  “I’m from Turona village.”  
Pyper’s father looked at me.
“I’m Kino Amark, sir,” I said.  “From Wawang village.”
“I’m Andoni San Diego,” Pyper’s father said.  “Please say your grace and then eat.”
I bowed down and murmured a prayer of thanks, and when I was done, I saw that Mayo had already grabbed a couple of bread and was munching on one.
Mistress Laren stood up and gave us soup.  Pyper was being quiet.
I took a slice of bread and started eating too.  There was beef jerky on the table, and I took one, wanting to chew on it because I couldn’t remember when it was that I last tasted meat.
“Amark, you said?” Mistress Laren asked.
“Yes, Ma’am.”  I nodded.
Mistress Laren glanced at Master Andoni.  “He reminded me of... him,” she said.
Master Andoni looked at me again for a longer time, searching my face and I blushed.  I never liked being stared at.
“Where’s your father?” he asked.
I shook my head.  “He’s dead,” I said.  That’s what Lamare told me.  It struck me as odd that Master Andoni asked me where my father was instead of asking who he was.  
“What power do you have, if you don’t mind me asking?” Master Andoni asked.
“Not at all, sir.  But I’m afraid this conversation won’t interest you further.  I have no power,” I said.
His eyebrows shot up.  “But everyone in Akea is expected to have some sort of power —”
I nodded, “Maybe I’m from another world, sir,” I said and grinned.  Pyper’s shoulder shook and I knew she must be giggling.  I had to make jokes to hide how I truly feel about not having any power.
“Well, I’m sure it will show soon — and when that happens, please let me know,” he said.
I don’t know what trouble it would cause me if I should tell him later on about my power.  Besides in case I get any, it will have to be written in the Akean books, and if I keep it from him, he could turn invisible and check out the Akean books.  I’m sure it will not be difficult for him to find out.  
“Yes, sir.  I’ll be sure to do that,” I smiled at him.  That means that even if he is mad at Pyper, he’s not going to cut off our communication.  And that made me happy somehow.
***
When dawn broke, Master Andoni roused us.  
“Get up, we need to get moving,” he said.
I opened my eyes and saw Pyper standing in front of me.  She’s holding slices of bread and gave me one.  The other slice she handed to Mayo who was already combing his dark hair.
I smelled the bread and salivated upon catching a whiff of raisins.  I love freshly baked bread and it’s seldom Lamare and I get to eat hot bread.  I chucked the bread in my mouth greedily.
The wind blew coldly as we hit the ground.  I was thankful that climbing down the ladder was much easier than it had been going up.
“I’ll take Mayo, and you’ll go with Pyper,” Master Andoni said.
Pyper immediately went to my side and took my hand.  In a few seconds, I felt the sensation again, that nervousness as I watched myself vanish.
The forest was still dark, but Master Andoni walked ahead of us as though the darkness cloaking us was not a hindrance.  I couldn’t see his footsteps, and I marvel at that.  He was definitely heavier than Pyper, but for him to mask his footsteps, he must be an expert in hiding.  On the other hand, it’s easier to predict where Mayo was because his movements were significant, and Master Andoni had to chastise him every now and then for being too noisy.
I held Pyper’s hand tighter and followed where she’s pulling me.  Before totally leaving all sight of Nivaton, I glanced back to it.  The tree houses were beautiful.  I wish I had the time to see it in broad daylight.
We had already travelled for several hours before I realized that we were coursing a different path.  I looked around; some faint rays of light were beginning to show through the gaps from the canopy of trees.  A creek trailed alongside the path we’re taking.
“Is this the path we took last night?” I asked.
“No — this is the secret passage,” Pyper said quietly.
“As in a shortcut to your land?”
“Something like that,” she said.
When we reached the foot of Mt. Ricuss, the sun was already high, and I was drenching in my sweat.  This time, I didn’t talk to Pyper, afraid that her father might hear what we’d talk about, and that I might get her in trouble again.
I saw the two large trees that mark the entry to Kanela, to the Akea Trading Market.
“This is as far as we can take you.  If anybody asks, make an excuse — that you camped outside watching stars for a school project.  Your parents will not be happy, but that’s your punishment,” Master Andoni said.  
Mayo’s body appeared and then Pyper let go of my hand.  My body showed too and I was relieved.
I still couldn’t see Pyper and her father though.
“Thank you for letting us stay with you,” I began.
“Thank you, sir,” Mayo echoed.  He was blushing.  “I’m sorry if it had been a harder trek for you… I wasn’t used to going inside forests and climbing mountains.”
“Nonsense.  If you really want to be a soldier, you will work on your movements.  You don’t have to be invisible to appear hidden,” he said.  
Mayo blushed deeper, but he was also beaming.  “Thank you, sir.  I’ll keep that in mind,” he said.
“And next time, you will have softer footsteps.  I’ll see to that.  Pyper will make you sandals,” he said.  It sounded as though he was making a joke or a threat. A soft moan of protest escaped Pyper’s mouth.  Mayo and I grinned.
“Goodbye, Pyper,” I said.  I wished I could see her face.  After I thought it, her head popped in the air and Mayo shrieked.  I was also shocked, but I was able to control myself.  How could Mayo be scared of Pyper’s pretty face? 
“Goodbye, Kino,” Pyper said and vanished again.
I watched as Master Andoni’s and Pyper’s footsteps retreated to the Ghost Town.
“Greatest adventure ever!”  Mayo exclaimed.
“Keep quiet,” I said.  “Let’s head on home.”
I was walking slowly at first because I was already tired from the long journey.  Nivaton.  It was such a nice place.  Well, that’s only because of our discovery that there weren’t ghosts lurking in the place.
It’s so perfect — for Lamare and me! Thank heavens.  Was it where we should be? Nobody ever goes there… and even the emperor doesn’t care for the Ghost Town.  Which means that it’s the perfect hiding place for us.  I have to convince Lamare.  If Master Andoni knows that we want to get out of Kanela and hide from the emperor, maybe he would help us.
I looked at Mayo who was walking lazily.  He looked tired too, but his eyes were shining with excitement.  When he caught my eye, he grinned.
“First there’s Distantekus.  Did you see the look on their faces?” he asked, referring to Conrad and Lima.  “And then a ghost.”
“Stop referring to Pyper as a ghost — she’s not,” I replied, but Mayo ignored me as though he didn’t hear me.
“Maybe we could ask Pyper to stay with us at all times so we could go on pretending about Distantekus...”
I shook my head.  “No, Mayo.  It will get Pyper into trouble with her father.”
His shoulders slumped and he pouted.
“Maybe from time to time, if we are being bullied too much… but I don’t want to take advantage of her friendship,” I said.
“Okay.”  He didn’t sound convinced.
I feel like the Ghost Town was calling to me, and a wave of excitement passed through my body.  
“I have to run home now, Mayo.  Let’s split,” I said.  As soon as he nodded, I ran all the way home, hands pumping the air as I looked forward to seeing Lamare.
I saw our cottage grow bigger as I ran closer to it.
Then I pushed the door open.
Lamare turned to look at me.  She looked worried, but it was immediately replaced by anger when she saw me.
“Why didn’t you go home last night?” she asked as she moved toward me fast to hug me.  “I was worried,” she said as she kept on kissing my cheeks.  A moon-turn ago, she could still kiss me on top of my head, but I had grown taller this moon-turn, and Lamare was a short woman.
“Mom,” I said.  I couldn’t suppress the excitement any longer.  “I know the perfect place for us to start anew.”
She regarded me seriously.  “Don’t tell me you’ve been up roaming Akea just for that...”
I grinned and nodded.  She was still holding my face.
“I had been to the perfect hiding place,” I began.  “The Ghost Town.”
Lamare’s face paled and looked like it had lost all of its blood, then her hold on my face loosened, and I had to move fast to catch her as she fainted.
Well, my news was good — but I never thought it could take somebody’s breath away, literally and figuratively.  I carried Lamare to her room and thanked the heavens again that my mom had such a small frame.  It made it easier for me to take care of her.
I kissed her on the forehead as I laid her down in the bed.  
“I’ll protect you, mom,” I whispered.  “There will be no more nightmares.”
Then I headed outside her room to come up with a plan.

Chapter 20 - The General

What does it mean to become a War General?  For me, the world — Akea.
I have spent countless moon-turns planning for a plot to take Akea.  Wind did it in less than a decade, and I’m almost certain that I can do the same.  The lands are beginning to split; each citizen is having doubts on Wind’s rule.  The problem is how can I sustain it?  How will I be able to manipulate these people if the emperor has the power of charisma?  One word from that mouth of his, and people who are boiling with rage would submit themselves to him.  Only after leaving the palace ground would they question themselves about what happened.  It’s like magic — and this power holds Akea tightly.
I have supporters all around the land too, and I believe our number is slowly increasing.
I looked at the report that was provided to me by a messenger and skimmed it, taking note only of the figures written.  A steady increase.  Many people enlist to support the call of a far greater organization, the Masked Warriors, to bring a better rule to Akea.
The Masked Warriors started with just a group of Palace Soldiers discussing the things we saw when we fought in the battle fields.  Our observations were the true accounts of these events and no one could tell them more honestly than we.  Because we were out there.  When a sword was raised, we were the ones blinded staring into them as the sun’s rays hit the blade.  When an arrow was loosened, our bodies were the moving targets.  That’s why the soldiers laughed at historians.  Historians were knowledgeable people and were prolific.  But try reading the diary of a soldier, put it side by side with the narration of a historian and you would see the difference.  Historians gave the facts for credibility, but soldiers, we had the hearts that reverberated with chaste and melancholic declarations.
After a battle, we would gather in inns and celebrate because we never lost in battle.  How could we? The rebellions were small to give a dent to our numbers.  In inns, we would dance like mad men and sing like there’s no tomorrow.  We would wink and hook up with the bar ladies and in the mornings, find ourselves back in our stations.
Then one battle, something changed.  One of us died and left us with his notes.  It was nosy of me to leaf through the pages of the manuscripts, but as soon as I started reading, I wasn’t able to put the documents down.  It was spelled out for me — for all of us — how each war we ever fought was a sham to keep the people from raising arms against the palace.
It was a laughing matter at first, and we took our comrade’s things and burned them with his body. 
Not many weeks after that, we were called in to the war room.  Another rebellion started.  It was in Lacay islands.  According to reports from messengers, they had fortified the docks with mechanical machines that shoot out gravel and metal balls at a long range.  We have never heard of something like it in the past.  The battles are all fought over terrain, and we were always carrying swords, or axes, or staff, or anything that was easy to operate with our bare hands.  Machines used to be an irrelevant matter of war.
Regardless, we were deployed and upon reaching the docks were greeted by metal balls as they flew up in the air.  If ever one hit us, it could have sent a body smashed against the ground.  We could easily evade the cannonballs — if we had been in flat lands.  The problem was, we were aboard ships, and this meant that if any of these balls did hit the ship, it would have sunken fast.  And the lives of the few soldiers who couldn’t swim would be in peril.
I jumped to the water as soon as a metal ball lacerated across the air and smashed against the wooden decks of the ship.  It was still a long way to the docks, but most of the soldiers had been approaching to take it, and soon they were able to succeed.  The metal balls stopped firing at the ships.
We scanned the area and got hold of the leader.  He was an old man whose face was littered with scars.  He didn’t speak much, but we were able to get from him the most valuable piece of information.  It was an instruction from the palace.  That if the docks were under siege, they were to fire the metal balls.  They only retaliated because they believed they were under attack.
I showed the instruction to selected soldiers.  And it was then that we hinted that the game our dead comrade talked about in his notes was true.  Could it be a ploy? To have citizens killed every now and then so that there would be no threat to the palace? It was brilliant and yet, it was also inhumane.  But if there were fears from the palace, that only meant one thing.  That its very foundation was weak.  That it knew that the only way to hold the people at bay, to keep them from causing havoc in Akea, was to keep them scared.
The Palace Soldiers were used.  Not the way we vowed to serve, not on a platter but rather on a cook-pan.  Those who survived were living proofs to that.
I called a secret meeting with a few soldiers who instantly agreed to scheme behind the emperor.  He shouldn’t sense what we were planning because if he did, he could easily have us executed.
Was it true then? Did Wind kill Northsam? If he was holding each citizen in their throats, which only meant that there’s fear — for a crime he committed perhaps? Because the rule wasn’t entirely, legitimately his.  Does that justify the rebellion that we are brewing?
I shook my head and burned the note that I was holding.  There was no need for evidence to be found out.  It would be treason to even think of a rebellion when you serve the palace — when you are one of the fourteen War Generals serving Akea.
When the emperor returns, I’ll ask his leave — in pretense to reunite the land.  But conversely, I’ll sow the next batch of seeds of doubt, hoping that this time, it would run deeper in the people’s minds so that it could find its way to grow.

Chapter 21- McWindStorm Arren

Fifteen moon-turns, how fast time flew.  Sometimes, I can no longer remember the images of my past; they didn’t seem to make any sense at all.  Events flicker inside my head, good and then bad, and more often than not, they get too mixed up that I can no longer tell which ones made me proud and which ones shamed me.  But one thing stands out, that I have to always hold Akea in my hands.
Derellans were scattered all around the camp.  While most of them had joined the soldiers cleaning up after the flood, there were also some who were too shaken to go back to their houses.  Derella had not have floods in the past, and while fishing was a common profession among its people, and those who fish were terrific swimmers, there was still a number who feared the waters.  When the flood came, they took to the roof as the only refuge.
I walked around my tent, and Dogan, as well as my set of Royal Guards followed me like they were my shadows.
“Your Grace,” Dogan said.
A girl barely past her childhood bowed in front of me, and knelt as though bowing wasn’t enough.  The tray of food that she was holding was put down on a make-shift table.  I stared at bananas, coconut, a few bread, and a black concoction that I could only assume was poison.  There’s no meat.
“Stand up and hand me the mug of dark vile —”
The girl did.  Her hand shook a little as she handed me the mug, not meeting my gaze.
I eyed the mug and sniffed, handed it to Dogan, who took it without waiting for instructions — he knew what I wanted him to do.
He smelled the mug before tasting the black liquid and told me, “Your Grace, this is just coffee.  Derellans are fond of this, and it’s such a shame this has not yet reached the palace.”
“Very well,” I said and drank.  It was the right amount of bitter, but it wasn’t for me.  Tea still suited me.
I continued walking without paying any attention to the girl and her sorry tray.
“We’ll be leaving, Dogan,” I said.  “There are troops coming in to help Derellans.  As I speak, they’re probably entering the land.  I have sent for Healers too.”
Dogan nodded and looked around.  Surely he noticed the women who served.  Soldiers were being tended to.  No soldier was lost to the flood, but it wasn’t something worthy of praise; after all, it wasn’t a battlefield they were sent to, but rather a rescue operation.
A handful of Healers roamed the camp now.  It was easy to spot them because they wore flowing white robes.  Most of them were women and a handful was men.  Their talents would be wasted on regular wounds. The Healers were only for battles.  But I couldn’t contest what most of my generals suggested.  That Healers were needed here to pacify rebellion.
“Your Grace,” a man said as he knelt before me.
“Stand up,” I said.
“There’s been a report.  More bodies found, but they appeared magically near houses without anybody ever remembering having moved them.  As if,” he paused, his eyes wide, “there are ghosts lurking around.”
Ghosts? Why would ghosts roam around? My forefinger fell automatically to the space between my nose and upper lip as I considered what the soldier said.  I couldn’t deal with ghosts because they were not living.  Lightning would mean nothing to them.  Flooding would also be futile.  This was bad.
“Who’s spreading that lie?” I asked.
“It’s not a lie, Your Grace,” the man continued.  “Derellans think that the ghosts are helping them find the missing people —”
I grasped the soldier’s collar and pulled at it until his eyes were at the same level as mine.
“You will stop the rumor.  There are no ghosts.  The palace cares for Derellans.  The palace, me — I’m their only salvation.”  I hope those words sunk in.  I watched his eyes before letting him loose.
He bowed down, “Yes, Your Grace.  To serve.”  He thumped a clenched fist against his chest twice before he turned around and got lost in the sea of people around me.
There was nothing more I could do for Derella that the soldiers and Healers weren’t doing already.  I walked back to my tent and prepared to leave when a group of Healers approached me.
A woman with long brown hair knelt.  “Your Grace, I would like to see if your men need healing,” she said.
The soldiers surrounding me looked the same to me.  The ugly man was still ugly.  Another stocky soldier already had the scar on his face even before I sent him here, but I nodded curtly and let the Healers proceed with their tasks.
I watched as the brown haired Healer passed by several Royal Guards, and then paused beside Dogan.
“Do you need healing in whatever manner?” she asked.
Dogan smiled.  The son of a bitch was going to flirt with the Healer.  There’s no hope for him.  With a face like that, he could only ever flirt, and no one would pay him mind.
“Can you make me pretty too?” he asked.
Bull crap!  Dogan’s remarks always make me want to throw up.  His jokes were so dry it’s like he’s trying to make a hyena laugh.  But I snorted and waited for the Healer’s response.
“You can only be so pretty if your heart wills it so,” she said.
More bull crap! I did not understand her prose, but to my astonishment, Dogan seemed to blush.
The Healer looked at the ugly little boy hanging at Dogan’s back.  She played with him for a while.  Ugh, such a waste of my time.
“Soldiers, we’re leaving.  Gather around and I’ll start summoning the clouds,” I said.  They did as was told.
“I’m Dogan.  What’s your name?”
The Healer replied, “Amaya.”
I can’t listen to this nonsense anymore.  I lifted my arms and concentrated, gathering clouds around our feet, the mist grew cold all around us.  This was home, a part of my being, and the coldness was a source of my strength.  We lifted in air and when we were up, I took one look at Derella.  This place would rise again and the people would never forget that it’s the palace that rescued and gave them a second chance in life.  Whatever rebellion that initially stirred would be forgotten.  
The Healer was looking up at us, the same with almost anyone around the camp.  Then beside me, I saw Dogan smiling, waving at the Healer.  He was hopeless.
Then we moved forward.  Another half-a-day of travelling in the air to see to Lamare’s plots.  Or rather, my plots.
***
While waiting for Lamare, things run spiralling inside my head.  When she hands me the scroll, I will have to read word for word, to understand them all fully without ignoring the minute details because she could have hidden a code somewhere.  And I don’t want to lose in the game I conceived.  I won’t let myself be beaten — especially not by a girl.
I closed my eyes and felt myself relax involuntarily.  She’s here, I thought to myself.
“Sol,” I said.  “Please, show yourself.”
I heard a soft gasp from somewhere and then afterward, Sol emerged from behind the curtains.
My lips curled downward to show my disappointment.  “What in the world do you think you’re doing?”
Sol was composed, her usual self.  “Your Grace, the windows were open.  I checked on them to ensure that nobody from outside would hear your discussion later.”
Good reason, but I didn’t buy it.  Regardless, it was one believable enough that I didn’t have cause to have her bound in chains and thrown out of the chambers.
“Lamare is coming, please see yourself out,” I said in harsh tones.  Her eyes regarded me one last time before she bowed down and turned around.
Sol is the piece of me that I’ll always take to heart whenever I’m losing myself.  I need her, but not today.
I watched as she left the room.
Dogan was standing guard by the door, which was unusual for him.  Usually, he would wait for Lamare and bring her here himself.  This time, his face held a distinct calmness and a twisted fury?  Was it even possible to feel those two emotions simultaneously?  I couldn’t seem to fathom what he was feeling.  His face that looked like a war field because of the scars littering it was frowning.
The ugly kid was not with him and I wondered what he did to the child.
Footsteps from outside the chambers grew louder and I leaned forward in my throne.
Dogan opened the door and announced, “Lamare is here, Your Grace.”
I nodded to him and looked at Lamare.  Then I waited until she was down on her knees before I took the scroll from her and I started reading.

Chapter 22- Dogan Ronda

This time will be different. I’ll be all ears in whatever conversation the emperor and Lamare will have.  I will not let my face give me away though.  I pulled at the corners of my mouth to make myself frown, just the way I practiced in front of a mirror before leaving the house.
I left Mathis with a young girl who I bribed with a bunch of flowers to keep watch over the orphaned boy.  The young girl bragged that she was good with kids, and I could only hope she had not been lying when she said that.
Today will mark the start of my revenge.  And oh gods, what am I thinking? Lamare is — was — the only love of my life.  But if she was the witch that I presumed she was, was there any salvation for her? Was there any justification that would hold everything she’d written in the scroll as anything but perfunctory? Why would she do what she did? Why would the emperor be part of it?
After engaging in an argument with myself for hours, I finally came to a decision not to wait by the gates.  It’s a long walk beside Lamare, and with my faint heart, I fear that if she looks at me and say my friggin’ name, my resolve would crumble into shards, each one pinning my heart until it ached so much that there would be no more pain left inside of me to remember the deaths of those I loved, who I believed died under the hands of this beautiful witch.
What if she’s not a friggin’ witch but rather a seer? If she were, she could unquestionably see what’s going to happen in the future and write about them in the scrolls, and that will excuse her from all the vile crimes she did.  But something just doesn’t add up.  If she were a seer, why would she be so afraid that I read her scroll and that I might tell someone about it?
That is the exact essence of seers — to see the future and warn people about what they see.  But instead, Lamare didn’t want the contents of her scroll known all over the palace.  So that leaves me with witch.
What is her power anyway? I never had the time to think on it before because I had always assumed it was her looks.  She’s so beautiful that even if I was mad at her, my chest still drums friggin’ crazy when I see her.
The emperor was looking at me.  I better frown, and I did, and he looked away in disgust.  What could he be thinking? Well, I needed not know now.  His thoughts would only matter when Lamare got here.
From inside the chambers, I heard the sounds of boots against the palace floors.  They had to be Lamare’s and the escorts’.
I opened the door and counted three soldiers escorting her.  I fought the urge to look at her face.  Gods, this was friggin’ difficult.  But I had to concentrate.  I didn’t want to see her.  Not even one friggin’ glimpse.
When she passed by me, the signature smell of lavender hit my nose, and it was salvation.  It’s the scent I associated with her, and the only scent I long for when I was in the battlefields.  And the scent of tobacco too, of course.
“Lamare is here, Your Grace,” I said and presented Lamare.  When the emperor acknowledged and took the scrolls from her, I made sure that the escorts have moved out immediately.  Then I closed and barred the wide doors.
Don’t look at her, you idiot!, I kept on telling myself.  Bow down your crazy head and look at your toes.  Oh, this was friggin’ difficult!
The emperor sat back on his throne and started reading immediately.  He must have had some training on speed reading because he just unrolled it, skimmed down and asked, “Eleven days?” There was ice in his voice.
I couldn’t see Lamare, but when she spoke I knew she must be afraid.  I heard the soft shakes in her words.  
“Your Grace, I wasn’t able to finish everything.  I beg your forgiveness — but if you would think it over, it could also be good.  You would see how nature tolls on its own — without any help from anyone or anywhere,” she said.
See how nature tolls on its own — is that the first clue? So what’s written are events bound to happen?
“I don’t want nature to take its course.  Humans are unpredictable — they can’t have a choice.  This is my rule we’re talking about and you keep on forgetting yourself.”
“Your Grace, three days is but very short.  Nothing could happen in that time that may cause you to lose your empire —”
“It isn’t short! I tell you what’s short.  It’s your life if you don’t do as I tell you.  This is unacceptable, Lamare —”
I looked at them, I couldn’t help it.  It sounded like a threat to me — and Lamare is still — well, she was special to me not so long ago.
Lamare’s shoulders stiffened.  “I’ll write the other days, Your Grace… I’ll be back in a fortnight and bring you a scroll with three extra days to catch up on those that I missed…”
The emperor raised his arm, and I almost knew what he was about to do, but I was still too slow.
He summoned air and pushed back the chair that Lamare was sitting on, sending it tumbling back.
I was torn between running to her or holding my post by the door.  I watched as Lamare shakily stood up and bowed to the emperor.
“Your Grace, I take it you’re giving me leave,” she said.
The emperor ignored her and continued reading the script.  Since she is already running for the door and he did not pay her any mind, I thought it best to escort her away.
She was walking mighty fast, and I had to sprint a few yards before I came to her heels.
When she reached the palace yards, a carriage is already waiting for her.  I didn’t get a chance to talk to her.  Oh, this is bad.
I need to talk to her, to confront her, for all the vile things she wrote.  Why did she do it? I believe there’s always a driving force for someone to commit a heinous crime, and Lamare — she’s a fine woman.  I can’t surmise how she could have gotten herself into this mess.
Before I knew what I was doing, I had run toward the stables and took my horse.  I rode and galloped away to follow her carriage — hoping to find my answers.
***
The way to her home was a long one, and when I saw her come down from the carriage and into her cottage, my heart broke a little.  True, my accusations were as good as confirmed, and yet, there’s something about her that was making me hold back, urging me to investigate further before I attack her.
But then I would remember Mathis, the lady whose foot was trapped, the other lives lost in the flood, and my heart would burn with anger again.  And my puny head kept on blaming all of these events on Lamare and the emperor, who had been conniving to make them happen.  Could I ever attack the emperor when my honor meant seeing him safe?  I didn’t think I can.  
That’s why I had to start with Lamare.  She had no friggin’ hold on me.  Or at least there was nothing that bonded us.  It was a one-way relationship, fool! I kept on telling myself that.  It was a love from someone, not returned — never will be consummated — so why did I hold back on attacking her?
I dismounted Luya and reined her in.  Before leaving my bay I patted her on the neck.
I’m a big man and I’m not accustomed to hiding.  But when needed, I can make myself almost difficult to spot.  I moved around the cottage, peeping inside at the openings.  Wondering what I would find inside.
I saw Lamare in the kitchen, browsing through the cupboard that didn’t seem to have any good stock.  She closed it and looked under the sink for — whatever — I didn’t know.  I stepped sideways, looking for another opening and hoping to find wherever it was she confined herself in.  A secret writing place of sorts.
The next room that I saw seemed to belong to her kid.  I peered through the window and saw that the bed was covered with a light blue blanket, and the wall was covered with drawings.  There were some books opened on top of a desk as though the boy had been studying only recently.  Nothing here too.  
I hunched and crept slower toward another window.  I stood up and was shocked to find myself staring into Lamare’s eyes.
Instead of running away from me, she moved forward and lifted the glass window.
I painted my face with the hostility that she deserves.  I narrowed my eyes and let the corners of my mouth sag downward.  If this doesn’t scare her, I don’t know what will.
“Dogan, what are you doing here?”
This is going to be tough.
“What?”
“You, what are you doing here?”
Of all the questions in the world — sometimes, the simplest ones are the most difficult to answer.
“I need to talk to you,” I said although in my head what I really wanted to say was, I want to attack you, and make you scream agonizingly as I slit your throat, witch.
Lamare smiled.  Oh dear gods, don’t make it hard.
“Don’t stand by the window.  It’s pretty cramped in here, but I’m sure I can find a comfortable place for you to sit on,” she said.  Then she vanished from the window, and my hunch was that she moved toward the front door to let me in.
I stood up straight from where I was and bumped my head on the roof’s gutter.  Really? Does coming after Lamare have to be written like the gods are playing a joke on me?
I walked toward the door and found Lamare standing there.  
“Come in,” she said.  The smell of lavender filled the room, and it was my piece of heaven on Akea.  I scowled to myself for being a slave to my feelings.
“Here, make yourself comfortable,” she said as she pushed a stool toward me.
Make myself comfortable in a stool? I looked around and realized I would not fit in any of the single sofas.  I took the stool.
“Does the emperor want me back? But he gave me permission to leave —”
“No.  It’s not that.”
Lamare pulled a stool and sat down in front of me.  She looked into my eyes.  Oh, those eyes that could make men crazy.  I gulped to control my emotions.
“What’s it then?” she asked.
What was it? What was it? Oh my gods.  I sat in front of her and gazed into her eyes and instantly, I couldn’t remember what in the world I was here for.
I pictured Mathis inside my friggin’ head, and some of the pain returned.
I looked into Lamare’s eyes.  “I know you for what you are,” I said as I watched her expression.
She looked surprised and laughed, “What?”
Her laughter rang all around me like golden chimes, bringing me back to my happy place — back to my piece of heaven on Akea.
“You’re a witch,” I said.
Immediately she stopped, but there was still some twinkle in her eyes.  “How could you say that?”
“The flood.  Derella.  Four days,” I said as I watched her expression.
The witch froze.  I don’t know how I should take it.
She shook her head.  “You must have mistaken me for someone else —”
“I was there in Derella, pulling corpses from inside the houses.  Corpses that suffered from drowning.  And all I could think of was how cruel the gods were to bring such tragedy forth to the land —”
Lamare stood up and backed away from me.  “It’s not true.  Your accusations, these are not —”
“They are!”  I shouted.
All at once, I remembered how I felt when I was still back in Derella, saving lives.  When I was punching Rod as he kicked a man down the roof and into the flood to die.  When I had to slit the throat of a woman who was so kind to smile so prettily at me.  When I learned that my family was gone.
“You are a witch.”  I pointed a finger at her to make the accusation hit her hard.
It worked.  She trembled and sagged back down on the stool.  Her head was in her hands.  
“It’s not true.  Don’t you dare point a finger at me.  I did what I had to do.”
Oh no, she is guilty.  She confessed.  I didn’t know which broke my heart more, hearing her say that she did it, or watching the line of dead bodies littering Derella before I left.
“You can’t judge me.”
I don’t know what to say.  I expected it would be more difficult.  But the real challenge is where do I bring her? The emperor thinks she is important.  He makes her write the disasters to hold Akea in his hands.  Now what do I do? Where should I bring her?
“Take me.  Chain my hands and do justice the way you think you should,” she said.
I was taken aback.  Bind her wrists in chains? Never.  But it seemed the right thing to do.  Or is it?  There is no other way.  I was unprepared for this meeting.  I thought that I was, but here I am ogling her.
I moved forward to take her hands that were thrust out in the air waiting for me to take them.  I took her hands, still confused.  What do I do now?  I caught her.  She confessed.  But what do I do with her if the emperor is on her side? If I turn her in, it’s as good as cursing my own neck and handing to the emperor my own butt for trial.  I gripped her wrists before I realized it was a trick.
As soon as I was holding her wrists, she kicked me in the groin really, really hard.  Then her hands flew and left me numb in all places above my waist.  I never saw that coming, especially from someone so small.  She pushed toward the door, leaving me stunned, but after a moment, I ran after her, and before she could come out the door, I leapt, hoping to catch her body.  What I failed to consider was how low the ceiling of her cottage was.  I bumped my head against it, sending the lamp crashing down the floor with me.  I looked at the ajar door in amusement.  How badly I planned it out.
My groin throbbed and realized I would have a hard time sitting on the saddle.  But that was the only way to chase after her.  I stood up and ran forward clutching at my front, then grimaced in pain as I sat on the saddle.
When stupidity happens, it usually occurs in a chain of threes.  I kicked at Luya, but she wouldn’t budge.
The rope was still reining her in.  I climbed down and untied her and counted minutes lost as I strode forward, galloping after Lamare’s trail.

Chapter 23- The Chase

Lamare Amark
Trouble is what it is, to be almost found out for what you are.  I’m not a witch, but Dogan had it so close.  If someone can write something and make it happen and that someone writes terrible things about the world, isn’t that as close to what being a witch meant?
I ran away from my cottage because I couldn’t get caught.  My plans with Kino are not yet laid down.  He suggested a place for us to hide, and the gods must be playing with me.  Why would my son enter Nivaton? And why would he suggest that place?
Nivaton meant a lot to me — and well, to Kino too.  The place was part of his heritage.  But I can’t let him know that.  
Now, Dogan coming after me is more than I could expect to evade.  I always thought that his huge frame and his slow movements make him a bit on the soft, unthinking side.  I guess I’m wrong.  So he had been listening to my conversations with Wind, is that it?  Is that why he marked me a witch?
I pulled my skirts up and ran farther away.  I scanned the cottages nearby and searched for a place to hide.  I’m pretty sure he would follow me.  Should I go to the forest?
What about Kino? We made a pact.  In case of an urgent situation, we will meet somewhere else, and try to visit the cottage every now and then to look for hidden messages.  That had been clearly spelled out.  I hope he would see the signs that I had run away.  And he would perceive trouble and be wary of the surroundings.  Of the people even.
The nearest town is Bulacnin, and that’s where I’ll go to lose my perpetrator.  There are spans of dry land in that place, and if I could cover myself well enough, I would be difficult to spot.
Oh, Kino, I have to see you soon.  Why did I send you to school today? I should have let you stay home and make plans with me.  Please, watch for signs of trouble inside the house.  I hope he’s keen enough to see them.
I passed by the Akea Trading Market and grabbed a leather skin pouch from a stall.  I was so swift that the vendor didn’t see me.  At least I’d have something to store water in.  I could get to creeks or whatever sources of water.  I would survive Dogan.
But what will I do with him? He is following me and if he catches me, what’s next?
If he brings me to the palace, nothing untoward will happen because Wind will not like my secret divulged.  He is in too deep in this.  Thus, if I don’t change Dogan’s mind, it will mean either my death or his.
The problem is I don’t know what Dogan’s intentions are.  When I thrust out my arms to him, he looked confused.  Like he didn’t know what to do.  And that only means that he really didn’t, and that’s the more dangerous part — because not knowing meant that he didn’t intend to turn me over to Wind.  And that puts my life in grave danger.
I can’t let that happen.  Not until I have figured out a way to let Kino’s power loose in this world.  And to do that I’ll need Wind.  My ability is not entirely mine now, I would need Wind to make what I write come true.  I shivered and kept on walking at a brisk pace.
I have to leave a false trail for Dogan, to trick him into believing that I went south.  But it should only be a sham because I need to return to the palace in less than a fortnight; otherwise, Kino’s and my life would be in peril.
I saw a water supply and stooped to fill my leather pouch.  I drank and filled it again.  As I drank once more, I had my eye out for Dogan.  He could be anywhere.  The good thing was that he was so large it would be impossible for me to miss him out even in a place as crowded as this market.
I refilled the leather skin again and tied it to my belt.
A huge frame blocked my sight from the other side of the market.  He looked around until our eyes met.  My heart thumped against my ribcage as I started running away.  From the corner of my eye, I saw him move fast to get to me.
I passed by several crates of oranges, ducking from behind them to hide myself.  Then as I leapt over a cart full of cabbages, I saw Dogan to my right side.  
I hit the ground with a loud thud and feared for my ankle.  I felt it, and it wasn’t broken.  I stood up and kept running.  When I reached an opening, a man stood holding the reins of his horse.  He was discussing with a trader about his produce.  I have to risk it.
In an instant, I was zooming toward him and yanked the reins out of his hand.  In shock, he let them loose.  Then I climbed up and kicked with all my strength at the horse.  I galloped away, leaving the man yelling after me.
“Thief!” he shouted.
I prayed that I wouldn’t get caught.  At least not yet.  A witch and a thief.  Wow, that will surely send me to the dungeons for a long time.
I kicked and kicked at the horse to make it go faster.  Dusts come billowing in the air as I passed.  I managed to look quickly at my back and to my dismay, saw Dogan’s hulking figure trailing after me.
The good thing is he’s heavy, and his horse looked tired already.  I can put some distance to us, and maybe, just maybe, I would be successful in leaving him a false trail.
***
The moons have hidden behind the clouds, and it’s almost night time.  And this is my problem.  Bulacnin doesn’t have many trees, or shades or any flowering plants.  Why did I ever choose to run away here? I didn’t even know the terrain well except for what I read in the palace library’s books that there are spans of landscape I can easily blend into.  The people here are dark skinned and quick of movements.  I’ll surely stand out, and that’s a miss on my part.
Nobody sees me, and I hope that no one would bother me.  I climbed down the horse — Raga — that’s what I named her, and slumped to the ground.  I took my leather skin and drank greedily.  I looked at the horse and felt sorry for it.  Raga must be as thirsty as I am.  I stopped drinking and moved closer to the horse, whispered against her ears to soothe her, before sparing her some of the water.  In a few minutes, I’ll find her food too, some leaves around.
I managed to find a tree that had some of its branches low enough for me to reach.  I took some leaves, the young ones, and fed Raga.  She didn’t eat it at first, but when I forcefully put one inside her mouth, I didn’t have to do it a second time.  Perhaps sensing my distress, she cooperated.
There are no signs of people where I camped, if it could ever be called a camp.  The town proper could still be a long way to go.  But I can’t keep on running.  Raga and I need to rest.
I removed the scarf around my neck and laid it down on the ground.  It’s going to be a cold night, but a thin cover to keep me from lying directly on land is better than nothing.  I have no reason to complain for the meantime; I’m safe.  I need to ensure that I stay this way for a longer time.  
I lie down and looked up at the dark sky.  Some stars are already out, dancing in the night.  I can’t remember when it was that I looked at the stars and had time only to be fascinated by them.  But now, I look to them, pray to them, to connect me to my son and to make him feel that I’m all right.
I touched the corner of my eye and wiped a tear that almost started forming, but the dirt that had gathered in my fingernail got in my eye, and I ended up crying instead.  It will be over soon.  One of these days, I’ll figure it out.  All I need is to give my son a chance to become the man that he could be when he grows up.  He is, after all, of Northsam’s blood.  If there’s anyone who could be honed for leadership, it could very easily be him.
Before I fell asleep, I tried to picture the face of my father, and wished once again that he were here.
Dogan Ronda
Lamare is fast but not as fast as I had thought.  For a small woman I expected her to outdistance me immediately because she has the advantage of creeping behind obstructions and it would be difficult for me to spot her; and she would lose me in the process.  But each time I looked ahead, I saw signs of her.  And when I think that she would continue her journey to keep me distracted, to be lost in her trails, she surprised me by dismounting her horse and sleeping right under the sky.
Women truly surprised me, most of all Lamare.
My heart ached to see her sleeping under the stars, and this was because I had to chase her all the way here.  She’s too far from home, and I felt sorry for Kino.  I wished there was some way to communicate.  Like a box the size of my palm with buttons that looked fancy and a small peephole where I could read missives.  Maybe that box could even be used to hear voices of someone from far, far away.  Idiocy.  My thoughts were all flawed.
I climbed down my mount.  I’m used to days without anything inside my stomach aside from water.  But Lamare — she’s so frail.  I wish I could turn back time, and haul her back to the cottage.  Perhaps I would just ask her nicely.  But she panicked.  Revenge may be everything that’s hanging inside my head right now, but maybe I can forget all about it… and just let whatever it is that will happen come to life.  
I don’t have to put these matters into my own hands.  And now, what have I done? I sent a poor woman out under a roofless sky because I claimed she’s a witch.
Sadly, her act of running away confirms it.  But then again, with her face and her actions, it didn’t seem like she’s a bad person.  Looks are deceiving, I told myself.  But it’s Lamare... how can I not be biased? 
I honestly don’t know.
I lie down on the ground just a few yards away from her.  She’s sleeping, and she wouldn’t sense me being this close.  She’s not used to the hunt the way that I am.  And it would probably take a storm to rouse her from her slumber.
I lied sideways so that I could watch over her as she sleeps.  I can’t believe this.  Even after everything, I still feel a certain kind of tenderness toward her.  Really now? It’s like I’m mocking myself.  What a sad, sad case I am.
The night is peaceful, and there are no sounds.  Can I be so dumbstruck that I feel happy just being around her, separated by a few meters of nothing but barren land? I wanted to kick myself.
When I was about to close my eyes, she stirred, and I lifted my head to see if she has awakened.  She twisted in her position and moved her arms around, flailing them.  
I sat and watched, waiting for a moment that would require my presence to run to her and protect her, but none came.  She stopped and slept soundlessly again.
I lie down and closed my eyes, desperate to sleep this time.
Lamare Amark
I’m used to waking early in the morning because the darkness outside the cottage brings me comfort and opens my mind to writing.  It is my favorite time of the day for writing, that specific moment when  I am yet alone in the waking world and that there is no one to disturb me from whatever I want to do.
I sat up and felt the breeze seep through my clothes.  I chilled.  It’s good that my thick, curly hair kept my head warm.  I looked around and shivered when I caught sight of someone not too far away from me.  I couldn’t mistake the shape of a horse.  And there was also a hulking figure spread out on the ground.  So that was the soft rumbling sound.  From a distance, it sounded like soft quakes of the land — of course, it could be someone’s snore!
I stood up mindful of my every movement.  There’s nothing I could use to tie Dogan up, and if ever I’m able to do that, that would only buy me a few minutes.  Is it a wise choice?
I picked up the shawl that I used as ground cover.  I twisted it and pulled with my hands, it felt strong.
I looked at Raga and pressed a finger to my lips as though expecting the horse would understand what I meant.  I started moving forward.  If it can be done, then I’m the one who can pull this off.  I took another two long strides before I crawled over, hoping he wouldn’t hear me.
Dogan Ronda
Only in dreams does Lamare stalk me.  I laughed inside my head.  I must be dreaming for when did Lamare ever pay attention to me? Even when I’m chasing her, it felt as if she could just as easily shrug her shoulders and ignore me.  Like I’m not a threat at all.
And I wonder, am I? To others maybe, but to her? Hell, no!
I was running inside my head and chasing butterflies and Lamare was on the other side of the field, laughing and enjoying the moment with me.
Chasing butterflies? Gaah! What was wrong with my dream? I’m soft as a child.  Worse, softer than a little girl!
Then I slapped my cheek as a mosquito bit me.  I scratched it without opening my eyes because I wanted the dream to go on and on.  It was the only place I could be with Lamare on a friendlier term, and well — I would do anything to hold onto it.
Then I felt my hand being pulled up.  One hand at first, then the other one.  A soft cloth was used to bind my hands.
I opened my eyes and looked at my perpetrator.  Oh goodness, Lamare!
Why did she have to attack me and tie my hands? As if breaking loose from these would be hard for me.  But I watched fascinated by her easy movements as she tied me up.  Then she hauled me up, I had to help her with that.  I scoot my butt and sat up.
She yanked my arms backward, and I had to yelp.
“Easy!”  I said.
“One word and you’re dead,” she said cynically.
“Lamare, what are you doing —”  
“Shut it —”
“Please untie me.”
“Stop talking like you care —,” she said it with so much bitterness that I stopped in midsentence and just watched her.  If she only knew.
She moved in front of me in agitation.  She was speaking in a dialect that I did not understand.  There are many dialects in Akea, and I wasn’t privileged enough to learn even one.  Just the native tongue was enough for me.
Then she stopped in front of me and knelt down.  
“Dogan, I don’t know what I ever did to you, but please...  Once you get out of these ties, please, count a hundred, a thousand even before you go on chasing me.  I —,” she stopped, and I felt sorry for her.  “I’m not a bad person.”
I believed her, but my eyebrows shot up when she said that.  From my back, I thumbed the knot and used all my fingers to loosen it.  The knot is flimsy that even a child could shake loose out of it under a minute.
Lamare stood up and ran toward her horse.  She mounted, but before she could gallop away, I was beside her.
“Why?” I asked.
“I told you to count a thousand before you come after me… you are such a sweet man.  Why did you have to chase me?”
I stood frozen.  Women.  It’s so customary for them to turn the tables around.
“Because you killed a lot of people.  Because a lot of Derellans died.  And I remember what I read from your scroll…”
She raised her eyebrows and then she shook her head in frustration.
“It wasn’t my fault, Dogan.  It was.  And then no, I couldn’t be solely accountable.”  She paused, and her face looked confused.  “But then again, maybe it was! Okay, so what now? Are you going to arrest me?”  
I watched as she said all those words in agony.  She’s in the gray too, like me.
“I don’t understand.  How could you be so heartless?” I asked.
That outraged her.  She dismounted and strode toward me.  I watched as her tiny frame glided past her horse and toward me until she was standing right under my nose.
She breathed in deeply and she kicked; then swept me with her right foot and I fell.  Why? Heavens why? I stood up, and when she raised her arms to hit me on my ribs I caught it, then caught her other arm and I twisted them.  I ended up holding her in my arms.  I wanted to smile, totally forgetting about her feet.  One of them kicked at me in the shin, and I stooped in pain.
I’m a soldier.  This is nothing.  So I grabbed her again, and this time, I’m more aware of her next movements, I blocked each one until I pinned her.  Finally! What is wrong with me that I couldn’t tackle a tiny woman?
This time, I didn’t let myself get lost in the moment to even smell her hair.  Stupid me.
“Lamare, take it easy.  Stop fighting and I promise I won’t hurt you if I find no reason to.”
She sagged against me, and I knew she would be willing to engage in a discussion this time.
Lamare Amark
I overestimated my capabilities.  I thought that a few months of training in the palace grounds when I was younger prepared me enough for a hand-battle.  I was wrong.  
Dogan is a strong man and I should have never engaged him in a combat.  It was silly of me to think that I could bind him without waking him up.  And now, I’m sitting in front of him, and he’s watching my every move.
“Ask,” I said.
Dogan shifted in his seat and seemed to think things over in his head.  This early, with the light still hiding from the clouds, his face looked strangely pleasant.  Is it the haircut or is it because the shadows left the scars in his face obscured? 
“Why do you keep on visiting the emperor? What do you do for him?”
Tough ones to answer.
“I write for him.  He pays me.”  Better give him short answers so he wouldn’t have much to think about.
“What you write, they seem to come true — are you a seer?”
Curious.  A seer.  I never thought of that.
“No.”
He sighed, maybe in relief.  “So what’s your power? Why do you always go to the palace?”
Is it okay to tell him? Can I make him an ally? 
“Writing is my power.  I can — used to be able to write things that I want to come true.”
He shivered.  For a man so huge, shivering didn’t fit.  At least it’s a sign he is human too.  With that face and his size, sometimes, it’s difficult to imagine him to be anything but a Palace Soldier or a battle hero.
“Used to — in the past.  What changed?”
“Something.  Love.”  I thought about Kino and remembered him.  “Love changed everything for me,” I said.
He gaped at me, and if I wasn’t mistaken, he was blushing behind those scars of his.  After a moment, he nodded.  
“I don’t know how it all fits, but — I honestly don’t understand what happened in Derella.  The flood and the scroll — you have to admit it, they are too coincidental.”
I nodded sadly.  I didn’t want that.  For the flood to happen.  But my instructions were clear from the very start.  Write what the emperor directed me to pen down or I’ll lose Kino.  The emperor, my former husband, still has a hold on me.
“Help me understand.  Imagine this; I was out there swimming in the flood, saving Derellans with each stroke of my arm.  Then someone told me that it’s been the fourth day since flooding started.  And suddenly, it all came back to me.  Your last visit to the palace —” he paused and looked at me.  “Then the parts of the scroll that I read… it sent shivers up my spine just remembering your words.  What am I to make of that aside from concluding you’re a witch?”
This is why I never let anyone read what I write.  Because it is... odd.
“I have told you enough of what needs to be said.  I barely know you, and I already trusted you enough to share with you what my power is — don’t require more.  I will not explain myself further.”  I said this carefully because I don’t know if he will let me go afterward.  “You can easily kill me if you want to, but I promise you I will give a decent fight.  And when it comes to that, when you’re about to slit my neck, remember I have a child.”
He blinked; the pain in his face was evident as though he remembered slitting someone else’s neck.
“Okay,” he said.  Then he stood up.  “I will not tell anyone about what I found out.  But we’ll travel together now.”  He started to saddle his horse.
I breathed out in relief.  This man is just unpredictable.
I’ll run away from him when I get the chance.  He did seem kindly in a most unusual manner, but can he be trusted? After pursuing me to Bulacnin? I don’t think so.  I stood up and saddled Raga.  At least we wouldn’t have to ride too hard now.

Chapter 24– The Princess

Dreams fleet across a wide range of spectrum.  Some could be as simple as daily routines while some come in the form of memories.  Others still capture our greatest fears.  I used to think that dreams are just figments of my imagination, of lustrous wanderings of my mind, but when I wake up with my hands all clammy, and my heartbeat is wild,  the dream I had spells out something more — that it was as good as a prophesy.
Dreams come to me often, and when I was a little girl, I dreamt of a man who would take me away from the palace.  That he will come for me and that I will not be able to resist him.  And I would give up everything that I have to be with him because he holds my future.
That was the first time I saw my husband’s face.  Growing up, I waited for him outside the palace’s windows.
And then I saw him and went livid.  It was not in the scene that I had conjured in my head where he will march to the palace and claim me, wearing flowing robes glittering in metals and precious stones, blathering about his conquests all over Akea.
Instead, I saw a vagabond standing in front of me.  I was outside the palace, followed by my Ladies-in-Waiting when I saw a distinct color of hair — one that I have only seen in my dream.  I ran, and upon reaching him, he looked down on me.
Upon realizing who was standing before him, he smiled, curtsied, and said, “You are as beautiful as the day, My Lady.”
I nodded briefly and left him.  He isn’t who I wanted.  He is many moon-turns older than I, and he had no money to his name.  I slept through the first week trying to push his face out of my head.  The suitors who visited me in the palace made me forget.  There was even a time that my father held a party for me, to make my headaches go away.  Because he knew how much I loved being the center of attention, and how dancing could instantly replace the headaches.
But one night, I turned in my room early and fell asleep immediately.  I had the most bizarre dream.
I saw his face again; there was no mistaking it this time.  The face of the vagabond — he was destined to be my husband.  I ran away from him in my dream like the way I did when I saw him the first time, but the dream kept on repeating itself.
Until in one of the dreams I decided to stop evading him and waited instead.  Needless to say, he came and took me away from my province.  My father’s heart broke, but I had to understand the visions in the dream.
Awake, I did as was in my dream.  Because that was the only way that I could catch a glimpse of what else the future held for me.  Had I kept on running away, ignoring the vagabond, my dream would not change.
He took me to another province too far away from where I was raised, and my heart bled each night, wanting to return to the palace.  If a heart’s yearning could make me go back to those days with my family, I would immediately find myself back where a crown awaited me.  
True to how my power behaved, the dream went on, up to the point that we would wed.  There was a promise of happiness, but it was slow in coming.
The dreaming stopped and I found myself trapped with my husband.  I was harsh at him at first.  He was not who I wanted to be married to.  His only shining quality was his kindness, but who needed kindness when it could be bought?  Care was an all too familiar emotion that had been bestowed upon me because I was the Princess, and it meant life to those who attended me.
My husband worked hard, day in and day out, and on rare occasions he would bring me a cask of wine so that I could sip on it.  He didn’t have to speak it, but he was trying to make me feel a bit more of what home used to be for me, and a little less of the unfitting life he had brought upon me.
Words never connected us at first and we would sit silently by the shore and watch the moons as they become hidden behind the clouds.  There was this one time he held my hand.  I let him because I was lonely from being too far away from the palace and from people I love.  
If dreaming was my power, why was it so difficult to come by? Why was it not telling me what I had to do next? Surely my future didn’t end with just being wed to this man.
I let him sleep with me for the first time that night, and I spent a night dreaming endlessly of our life together.  Some were vague.  Others were too vivid that conversely, due to much detail, they made me forget in the morning.  But among all those dreams, I was able to remember one salient detail, that happiness would come with a child.
My husband worked in a vineyard, and while the town still lay sleeping, he would rise, leave and do his best to keep us going, never telling me anything about the challenges at work.  
In the evenings, he would give me food that we would share for days to follow.  I never opened any conversation with him because in a way, I blamed him for the difficult life that I had although I knew it wasn’t his fault.  He was as much a part of the fate that was laid down ahead of me.  Still, it didn’t help.  I looked at him and found only hatred in my heart for making my life miserable.
One day, I told him I’d go with him to the vineyard.  He said I didn’t have to, so I cried, which was what I usually do to get my whims in the palace.  Not surprisingly, my husband also relented.
In the darkness, we walked for miles.  He reached out to take my hand, but I pulled away from him.  But being unfamiliar with the road, I tripped a couple of times, and he had to help me up.  
After the second fall, I let him take my hand and I never slipped again in the course of our travel.  
I spotted a group of people waiting outside the vineyard.  There were so many of them, standing outside, sitting on the ground, and others walking around to pass the time.  A few looked up at us as we passed, but most of them did not pay any mind.  We were just another couple wanting to earn a living.
As the sky brightened, our number increased, and when a man came out of the vineyard to count heads, he included my husband’s and mine in the count.  I didn’t understand it until I saw those that weren’t counted walk away with their slumped shoulders and heavy feet.  Their heads never turned back.
My husband gave me a basket, and he showed me how to pick out the grapes.  It seemed trivial, but my husband said that I can’t always pick out on a whim.  I need to have a skilful eye and watch out for which ones are right for the picking.
By mid-day, the task that I found to be so easy became a little taxing already.  Maybe it was standing up too long or having to carry a basket that weighed more than my arms combined.  Or maybe it was the growing heat of the sun.  I had to sit on the ground often, and my husband put grapes in my basket to make it look as though I wasn’t dallying.  From my point of view, I absolutely wasn’t, but the vineyard’s men may think otherwise.
As the day ended, I held out my hand and watched as the vineyard’s personnel counted a few coins into my palms.  I wanted to cry upon seeing the marks.  These wouldn’t be able to buy us good food.
My husband did the same, and he took perhaps four times more than I did.  I stared at my husband’s eyes.  They were so full of hope and determination.  I wanted to complain to him about my life, but he had a way of smiling at me that actually soothed the rage inside my heart.
When we were walking back home, I took his hand and held onto it tightly.  I peeked from the corner of my eye and saw a tired man from a long day’s work, but I caught him as he glanced at my hand holding his.  And again, a smile touched his lips.
I never appreciated him before, but seeing what it meant to be him, to put up with a wife who had no knowledge of any chore, it made me respect him.  And who was that wise man who said that love could blossom out of respect?  I didn’t remember his name now, the one I read in the palace library’s books, but now I understood what he meant.
We weathered storms, calamities, and earthquakes even, but my husband and I survived.  At nights, dreams came to me again, reminding me of the happiness that would come with a child.
Duty was not only for Palace Soldiers, it stood even stronger for wives.  And by the time I realized I should have a child, I didn’t have to force myself to make love to my husband.  Because by that time, he had worked his way into my heart.  
***
After more than two-turnings of the moon, the baby came, and with it emanated an immense joy for my husband and me.  I named my boy Sarsi, just like my grandfather in the palace.  Sarsi meant wisdom, and since there was no material thing coming from my family’s bloodline I could give anymore, I prayed that at least he inherited the wisdom of my lineage.
The joy that Sarsi gave me was one without equal.  True that I had not given motherhood much thought in the past, but when he came, he completed my life.  My baby would smile, and my heart would warm.  The little money that my husband gives me every day didn’t matter anymore because something kept us happy.  
When Sarsi saw two turnings of the moon, I had a dream.  It was a dark one, telling me that I had to name him like the storm that he would create in the future.  That his name didn’t suit him.  I defied the gods in my dream and ran away from them, bringing my baby with me.  
I woke up sweating all over my body.  Why?  Could a name change my little boy’s life? I didn’t believe the dream even if it felt real.  I pushed the dream back, not wanting the dreams to have to do anything with my little boy.
Each night, I suffered from the same dream which ended in my baby’s death.  And always, I did not listen.  Why?  It was just a name.  
Then a week after being reminded every night that I had to change his name, my baby got sick.  I held him in my arms and kissed his burning forehead as I sit by the door of our house waiting for my husband to return from work.  
When he saw me, he knew something’s wrong and I pushed our son toward his already open arms.  Sarsi was burning up and his pupils were all white dancing in the darkness of the room.  I hugged my husband after giving Sarsi to him and sagged, sobbing against his shoulders.  
“Don’t let anything happen to my baby,” I whispered.  “Please, don’t.”
My husband paled and didn’t know what to do.  “There’s a Healer in town.  I’ll bring Sarsi to him.”
I nodded and walked with him; my frayed dress trailing along behind us.  Dust and sweat covered us when we reached the Healer’s house.
She took one look at my baby and uttered a prayer.
I was shocked, and before she could say anything to us, I yelled at her, “How dare you? You do not say a prayer for my boy.  He will live.  This is nothing but flu —”
The Healer looked at me, and her eyes were solemn.  She looked at my husband and gave him the boy.
“I have said my prayers… Saving him is beyond what I can do.  His soul is already lost to the gods.  Stay with him through the night, accompany him to where the gods are sending him,” she said.
I shrieked, and my husband tried to calm me.
“No, no, no.  Not my boy.”  I felt like a mad woman.  I struggled with my husband and took Sarsi from him.  
I ran all the way home, holding my crying son in my arms.  My husband followed me, but I was much quicker than he.  My pulse was pumping, and my legs raced against my heart’s rhythm.
At home I put Sarsi down in bed and tried to calm him.  I gave him milk, but he spat it out and wouldn’t stop crying.  
Why does a name have to be so important?
My husband entered the room and he walked slowly; perhaps the sight of us broke his heart.  He was my everything now.  All that I used to be was replaced by the life that I had grown to love beside my husband and my son.  And now, would my little boy be taken by the gods just because of a name?  Did my dream resonate that much?
I looked at my husband as he knelt beside me and took my face in his hands.  He kissed me softly.
“Baby, let him go…”
“No, I can’t —”
Sarsi cried.
I breathed in, loosening myself from my husband’s hold.  Then I leaned toward my son.  His eyes were still all white, and I almost recoiled from the heat that his body emitted.  He was like a storm… at its craziest rage.
I couldn’t name him storm — it’s a bad omen — negative.  Strength may be another interpretation to that name, but it would be frowned upon by my family.
“Wind…” I whispered.
The baby stilled.
“McWindStorm,” I said.  I pulled the baby in my arms and whispered against his ear, “You are Wind and Storm, a balance of nature, a balance of life.  Live, my son.”
My husband watched us with awe in his eyes.  He didn’t know what my power was, that I can see ahead of me the future that would only materialize if I was obedient to the gods.  The dreams told me.  And I had no option but to follow.
What kind of game are the gods playing with me — is it all for entertainment?  Is it a simple test of character, of obedience, of faith?  They tell me in my dreams what I should do, and sometimes these are petty things.  Drink a glass of water at exactly the breaking of dawn, a dream once revealed to me; Otherwise, I’ll grow sick in the next weeks.  Judging it insignificant, I didn’t heed, and consequently, I found myself in bed with a horrible case of fever, which was how I knew that there’s a timeline for obedience.  Within the specific period, if I neglect the dreams, I’ll have to face the consequences.
What kind of sick power do I have? Why couldn’t I just be like the other seers?  Why do I have to see the future in dreams, and to be pushed to do something for the prophesy to happen?  But it has always been how my power worked.  I could curse it repeatedly, and yet, nothing would happen.  Acceptance was what separated the dream from my reality.
I have not much liking for storm, and that’s why I call my son Wind.  Because wind is soothing and calming.  It is the right amount of what people need, to balance, to remove fears, and to rejuvenate the spirit.
It was an inane battle against the gods, to push against what the dreams dictated to me.  But I could be that stubborn sometimes.
***
Wind was eight when he learned to play the trumpet.  I was older by then and youth no longer held me in its boundaries.  Motherhood had fully claimed me, and my husband was my everything.
“What’s on the other side of the world, Mama?” he asked, holding the trumpet in his hands.
“Lots of people, vast lands, and palaces,” I said.
“You’ve seen them?”  
I nodded and smiled.
“Is it beautiful out there?” he asked.
I thought it over in my head, and nodded.  “Yes.  Here, there are farmlands and all, but out there, you’ll see beautiful towers that could almost reach the clouds.”
His eyes widened in excitement and his hold on the trumpet tightened.  
“Maybe I should go there…” he paused, “with you and Papa.”
“Someday, we will,” I said earnestly, not knowing that the promise I gave him had no chance of coming true.
In dreams, I visited my father, the palace, and my people.  But in the waking world, I stayed where I was supposed to be, with my husband and son.  It got dull at times because there was only so much I could do in Minnowin.
Traveling and visiting beautiful places were a few of the things I liked doing in the past that I didn’t have the luxury now to even think about.  If we save up, it could take us moon-turns before we could ever afford a carriage and come up with the money we’d need to support us in the travels.  
My life, although far from being perfect, was more than tolerable, with my husband and son to always complete my day.  But one night, another dream invaded my rest.  
It started in our cottage in the village.  It was like routine–I woke up early in the morning, cooked our food, packed lunch for my husband, and played with my son.  At the end of the day, Wind and I waited for his father’s return, and had dinner together.  My husband was not yet tired so we walked around the town, enjoying the displays in the capitol stalls.  
That’s how the dream came to me so that even in my sleep, I had nothing to fear because there’s nothing unusual in the dream.  But then as we were going back home, I saw soldiers walking toward us.  When they were closer, I saw that their uniforms bore my family’s crest.  
“My Lady, you have to come with us,” a soldier spoke.
I shook my head and held onto my son’s and husband’s hands.  
“No.  My place is here.”
The soldier handed me a letter.  “This is for you, My Lady,” he said.
I broke my family’s seal and opened the letter.  I was being summoned back to the palace.  
“And my family?” I asked icily, in a tone I thought was lost to me forever.
The soldier shook his head.  
I held my family’s hands tighter and turned around.  “Run!”
We did, and the soldiers followed.  My husband stopped, “Go! Take Wind.  I’ll give you some time.” 
Then I watched in horror as my husband fought the soldiers.  With no combat training, he only managed to hit one in the face.  He threw another punch on the side of an approaching soldier, but it was flesh against metal, and I could only feel sorry for my husband.  I ran faster, pulling Wind with me.
“Let’s go! Run!”
I heard the piercing cry of my husband and knew what had happened, but I did not stop.  I had Wind with me.  I couldn’t go back to the palace alone.
We continued running together, hiding in the trees until the soldiers reached us.
“There’s no place you have to be but home, My Lady,” the soldier said.
“This is home,” I said, holding my ground.
Then they took my hands and pulled me, leaving my Wind behind.  
“No! My son! Please take him too —”
My son watched as the soldiers threw me up on a horse and tied me to it.  Then they took me away. 
That was the moment I woke up; my breath came in pants.  I looked beside me and found my husband still sleeping soundly.  I touched his forehead and let my fingers graze his eyebrows down to his face, thankful that he’s alive and breathing beside me.  I was staring at him when he opened his eyes.  He gave me a smile, and then pulled me toward him.  I snuggled against his chest, but sleep was elusive.  Not that I wanted to sleep again after the nightmare.  I didn’t want to — because I knew what would happen.  I’d be tormented over and over by my dreams.  Ones I couldn’t escape from.  The endings would vary.  At one point, it could be Wind who would die in the dream.  In some instances, it could be both of them.  I couldn’t let that happen, and my heart exploded inside my chest.  This was not the way it should be for us.  Families weren’t supposed to be broken.
In the morning when I woke up again, I went to my daily routine.  My husband had left for the vineyard because the sun was already high.  Wind still lay sleeping inside his room.
I went outside the house and looked up to the sky, asking the gods about my dream.  Why did it have to be so cruel?  I would not follow what had to be done even if it meant — even if it meant what?  That I’d die?  But it wasn’t how the dreams ended.  It could be Wind or my husband.  To save them I had to be taken away or go away on my own.  I didn’t understand.  Fate was riddled with choices, and I knew that since I was a little kid, but I never thought that choices could be this difficult.  The dreams I had in the past, I followed willingly, but this time, I couldn’t wilfully give in.  I’d kill for my family, and that’s it.
I entered the kitchen and this time, I focused on finding the herb that would make me sleep.  I should already wake Wind because the moons were at their brightest, which meant it’s fast approaching mid-day.  But other matters distracted me — I wanted a battle, a confrontation with my dream.  Somehow I had to learn how to control it.
I found the herbs and immediately went to dicing the tubers, juicing them up, and pounding the leaves.  The concoction was a dark, greenish liquid that felt slimy to the touch.  I poured it in a cup before boiling water.  As soon as steam escaped the kettle, I put off the fire, took the kettle, and mixed the hot water with the juice that I made, stirring it and watching as the green liquid blended with water’s translucent purity.
Enter the dreams and fight.  If I couldn’t change the dream, I believed I have all the right reasons to at least know the why’s of my future.
Holding the cup in both hands, I moved to Wind’s room and saw him fast asleep.  His chest rose and fell in a steady manner.  I raised the cup to my lips and drank until nothing’s left.  The effect was immediate.  I only gulped the last of it when I felt myself losing connection with my body.  
The cup dropped to the floor, sending broken pieces of hard clay everywhere.  Seconds after, I followed and as I hit the floor, I felt no pain even if I fell on the shards because by then I had already started entering the dream world.
***
It was similar to how my other dreams started — hazy.  And then when I settled in, the surroundings solidified, the swirling stopped, and  I started paying attention because what would come next would be indicative of what I had to do in the waking world.
I was back inside the house, reading a story to Wind when my husband came in.  He sat beside me and pulled me closer.  
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“I think someone’s spying on me,” he said.
“Why would anybody spy on you? We don’t have money.”
He nodded.  “I know.  It’s weird.  I was going about in the vineyards when I noticed that one of the pickers was looking at me.  When I smiled at him, he dropped his eyes to the ground.  I went back to what I was doing and then afterward, when I glanced at the picker, he was gone.”
His voice remained calm, but I felt his heart beating faster as I pressed closer to him.  Wind was also listening intently.
“It happened another time while I was carrying the basket to the loading bay.  You know that feeling that you get when someone’s looking at you?  The hair on the neck thing — like there’s a ghost or something; then I looked around me and everybody had their gazes fixed on me.  I don’t know,” he shrugged.  “There’s something odd about today,” he finished.
I squeezed his hand, not knowing how to respond.  Then after a few minutes, there was a knock on the door.
My husband went to see who it was, and I had to hold my breath.  If they are my family’s soldiers, I know what I’ll have to do — leave my family behind.  I hugged Wind and kissed the top of his head, breathless.
“What is it?” my husband asked.  
“A summon from the palace of Ameres,” a voice said.
This was the moment that I had to leave.  
“Listen to me,” I tilted Wind’s head so that I could look into his eyes.  “I’ll have to go but Mama loves you.  Don’t ever forget that,” I said.
Wind’s eyes widened.  “No, mama.  No!”  He shook his head and his embrace on me tightened.
One.  The pain in my chest grew.  
I removed my son’s arms around me and stepped toward the door.  
My husband turned around and saw me approaching. 
“Maercella, no — you can’t go with them.  The palace doesn’t need you.  We are your family.”  His voice was gravelly as he said those words, and each edge deepened the gashes in my heart that I didn’t know were already there.
Two.  I didn’t let my husband stop me.
I was in front of him and he was blocking my way.  Like a play that I rehearsed in my mind, I pulled his head down, kissing him on the lips, and then I broke loose from his hold and approached the soldiers.
“You want me?” I asked.
“The palace summons you, My Lady.  To the place that the king demands is your home,” he said.
I nodded.  There was no other way but to accept.  This time, I’d go with the soldiers to explore what happens next in the dream.  I never heeded what I needed to do.  I always ran away.  
The soldiers were shocked that I didn’t put up a fight.  They didn’t know that I had in the other dreams and lost.  This time, I would go with them and see my destiny, to see what else was in store for me.
“I’m going with you,” I said.
My husband grabbed my arm.  “Maercella, please.  Don’t —”
I was looking at his eyes when Wind ran toward us.  There were questions in his innocent eyes.  I couldn’t answer them, so I turned to the soldiers.  
“Let’s go.”
The soldiers pulled my arms, grabbed my waist, and all but shoved me to the horse.  
I squirmed, “There’s no need to push me —”  
Before we could go away, a lightning split the sky.  
“Mama, no —,” Wind choked, his face was contorted in pain.  Then he pushed a wall of air toward the soldiers and me, and we fell down.  Thunder followed.
What was that? Was it the power of my son? It hadn’t manifested in the past, and even though I was hurting, I wanted to run to Wind and hug him, assure him I was proud of his power.  
A soldier eyed the dark sky, crawled to his feet and scowled at Wind.  Then in a brief movement, his boot kicked at the spear lying beside his feet.  The spear rose in air and the soldier caught it.  Before I realized what he was thinking, the soldier threw the spear in Wind’s direction.  
My husband was too late to block it and it ended piercing Wind’s chest.  The spearhead hit the ground and Wind’s body hung limply with it.
Three.  My son was gone.
I wailed.  The soldiers went wild and pushed to take my husband too.  I was on my feet, hitting the soldiers near me on their heads, but I didn’t pose any challenge.  Even adrenaline rush didn’t lend me strength.  The butt of a sword hit me on my side and I staggered, falling backward.
My husband dodged from the swords dancing with him.  His anger made him stronger.  Two soldiers lay on the ground with blood spilled around them.
I couldn’t take everything in, do I grieve for my son or do I watch and pray for my husband?  The decision was taken away from me as soon as a sword slashed against my husband’s chest.  He froze and watched as blood oozed and dripped down his shirt.  He had no armor on.  His face paled and his chin quivered.  Then while my husband was still in shock, the soldier didn’t dally.  He raised his sword and swung fully.  There was a loud swoosh as the sword split the air, and another dreadful sound followed as the metal found its sheath in my husband’s neck, sending his head flying.  Then as it hit the ground, it rolled yards away from the body.
Four.  My husband was dead.
I wailed loudly this time, but there was nothing more that could be done.
The colors started to swirl inside my head again and the dream would repeat once more.  This time, I would see another account of how else it could end for my family.
***
I was in the vineyard and I couldn’t find my husband anywhere.  My son was not with me and I assumed that both of them were back home, which meant that in this dream, I could go find who or what it was that was responsible for giving me the hateful dreams.
But how would I find it?  If I shouted, would it come to me?
There was a curious sound to my left and when I followed it, it led me to an old lady.  She looked — clean.  Her hair was long and all white, and moved continuously as though a steady stream of breeze was blowing it away.  The same was true for the flowing robes that clothed her.  And her face glowed.  
When she looked at me, I found myself staring back into her youthful eyes.  Behind them I sensed infinite wisdom.
“Do not speak, I know your questions.  You seek the answers, but I can’t give them all,” she said.  Her lips opened, but it’s as though the sound emitted from somewhere else; I had to fight the urge to turn around, crane my neck, and peer around me to identify its source.
What was she?
“I’m called the Mima,” she said.  “I have no name.  But I am the Mima.  There are gifts, powers that the gods showered people, and it’s the Mima's responsibility to ensure that they are used fully, to the purpose that the gods have for the people.”
I only asked the question inside my head, and she already answered.  I had to be careful.  In this land of dreams, she could read my thoughts.
“I don't know if what I have is power,” I started.  “I dream.”
The Mima laughed but her face remained straight.  “Everyone dreams.”
“No.  My dreams are different,” I explained.  “They’re terrible.  I’m forced to follow what I see in them.  Otherwise, I wouldn't get to know what the future holds for me.”
The Mima blinked, its face was still emotionless.
“Nobody knows the future, my child.  What you see are glimpses of what needs to be done.  There is free will, always.  Your gift is to see the warnings, the signals, and the events that will take place in case you stray from your destiny —”
“And what is my destiny?” I shouted.  “I don't want to see all of these — they only cause me to worry ahead of time.  I don’t want that…”
The Mima shook its head.  “Silly child.  Most people will kill to have your power.  Don't you see, by having a viewing of the warnings, you could change the course of events.  Save lives, change destiny.  Allow the world to reach its greater glory.”
“Warnings,” I whispered.  “They scare me.  I don't want to —”
“You have no choice, child.  The warnings will guide you to act wisely.  In case you decide not to act on them, there is still a future for you.  But knowing that a decision has to be made in the past and that you have the power to change some things, and yet you chose not to, I’m not sure if you will be happy about it in the end.”
“Why?” I asked.  “Why do I have to leave my family? I don't understand.  The dreams, they tell me that I have to be away from them.  I didn’t do it at first.  I fought the soldiers!  They had to haul me to take me.  Still...  either my husband or my son dies.
“In yet another dream, both of them died.  So I stopped running.  This time, I volunteered to go with the Palace Soldiers.  I responded positively to the palace’s summons even if it broke my heart, and yet they still died,” I paused because I noticed that my voice had gone shaky.  “What can I do so that they won't end up dead?”
The Mima fell silent.  “The answers are in the dreams.  You can keep on dreaming.  And learn from them.  But be fast because you are running out of time.”
“I need the answer now!” I shouted.
The Mima was stunned at my reaction, but it was only for a while.  She was calm again when she spoke.
“Do you want it easy? Do you not want a puzzle to test your mind?”
“I can’t let my family’s lives hang in the balance just because I want to solve a puzzle,” I argued.
“Very well, then,” the Mima said, nodding.  The air around her became foggy and she seemed to be floating.  When she spoke again, her voice had become eerily shrill.  Her eyes flickered until the pupils on them were gone.  She said, “If you are taken, there is no hatred.  If you should leave and they know it’s for a purpose, there is no real loathing.  But should you leave before you are forced to, then there would be detestation as strong as he could be.”
“He?  My husband?  My son?” I asked confused.
The Mima didn’t answer my question.  Instead, it only repeated what it had already said.
Then the fog disappeared and I could see yet again the pupils in her youthful eyes.
“Figure it out.  I gave you more than enough.  It is no longer delightful talking with you,” she said.
The Mima was dismissing me, but I didn’t want to leave yet.  I was thinking what she just said over because the answers she gave me were still in riddles.
The Mima’s body flickered and it looked transparent this time.
“Our conversation is over,” she whispered.  All at once, her voice reverberated around me, pulsing as though it had its own life.  Echoes surrounded me.  “Strength will not be harnessed without a reason.  Storm will not brew.  There will be no greatness to his name.”
“Greatness?” I was even more confused.
“He will never be what he needs to become if there is no rage in his heart.”  The Mima wavered until I could no longer see it, leaving me baffled with its words.
The colors started to swirl and I would be brought to another place.  The surroundings started to form around me and I longed to see what the dreams would show me now.  To learn more about the warning.  What the Mima said was clearer now — I had to leave — there’s no other way I could prevent one of them from dying.
I started walking around when the land trembled.  The mountains around me shook and trees fell.  I ran to avoid being smashed by a gigantic tree.  I was running very fast when the land in front of me opened and swallowed whatever was atop it.  I crouched so as not to stumble and held on tightly to whatever was within my grasp.  I waited for the earthquake to stop, but it didn’t; it only got stronger.
I fought the tremors as they tore at my body.  The force was so strong.  Then just as suddenly as they started, the shaking stopped.  Slowly, I looked around and nothing seemed to have disturbed the place.  The hole on the earth was gone and the fallen trees were upright against the blue sky once more.  
I stood up, reluctant to start walking again.  Then I felt searing coldness wrapped all over my body.  I shivered again and again.
Then I opened my eyes and I realized I was back in the waking world.  My husband and son were kneeling toward me.  My clothes were soaked.  My face and body were wet too.  
“Thank goodness you’re back,” my husband said.  Then he pulled me to a sitting position and brushed a shard that had dented my face.  I realized what happened in the dream, they were trying to wake me by shaking my body and when I didn’t come to, they poured cold water on me.
Wind was looking at me with wide eyes.  I reached out to touch his face and gave him a smile.  
“Mama’s okay, sweetheart,” I said.
His eyes started to water, but before he could cry, I motioned for him to come closer.  When his tiny body found its way in my arms, I held him tightly.  My other arm searched for my husband.  I clutched at my family as tears streaked my cheeks.
There was no question now; I had to leave them behind.  Otherwise, nothing could become of my son.
I kissed my son’s face again and again and again, already making up for the time that I would no longer be able to show him affection.
***
How fast time flew, I thought.  That was almost three decades ago, and I still couldn’t shake the sadness that I felt then when I had to leave without saying goodbye.  I should vanish without a word, but I didn’t think I could do that.  So on the day that I finally decided to leave, I left a note to my husband.  It was brief and said:
My dear Goryo, 
The gods have spoken, I have to leave to see destiny unfold for Wind.  I’ll always carry you in my heart.
Goodbye, 
Maercella
The dreams did not bother me anymore after that.  Until last night.  When I got engaged in another wild dream, one that left me breathless when I woke up.  It was a warning, again.  And this time, it told me what must be done in order to save my son.
It’s still early, I realized, as I looked outside the window.  I would come for you, my son, I whispered in the darkness of the sky.  I would always hold him in that familiar crevice of my heart — in that part that always remained soft for Wind.






PART 3 – Breaking the Scroll

Chapter 25– Mayo Calo

Kanela is Akea’s capital and the place where the palace of the emperor sits, but within the province, there are other villages.  I’m from Turona village, which is just right at the outskirts of the palace grounds.  Kino’s, however, is Wawang which is too far from the school that I hate it when he doesn’t show up in class because as his friend, I feel like it’s my responsibility to drop by at his place after school to tell him about what happened in class.
Today, nothing is noteworthy except, of course, for Professor Leban’s class.  It’s what each of my classmates was looking forward to because in a matter of five days, the moons would have completed their turns, and my classmates and I would go to the palace for our presentation.
I still don’t have a clue as to how I’ll display my power to the emperor in a manner that he would easily understand and wouldn’t ask too many questions about it because as much as possible, I want to have my minutes over as soon as they begin.  Remove bad components from a food — I don’t think the palace will have much need of that.  And I don’t want my classmates and the rest of the world to think that I have useless powers.  Right now, all I care about is to be included in the list of Akean citizens, for my name to appear in the Akean books because only then and after I have reached full age can I enlist as a Palace Soldier.
I touched my belly and squeezed the unwanted fats to the front.  This will have to go, and soon too.
“Come on, Brue,” I said.  “I can almost see Kino’s cottage.”
Brue’s tail wagged as he trudged beside me.
The cottage that Kino and his mother live in was quite small and when winter comes, Kino tells me that the walls become slippery to the touch.  And even the floors become slippery too.  I told him to have a hearth to keep warm, but he only looks at me and ignores my suggestion.
On other seasons though, like summer, I envy their cottage because air passes through every wall as though the cottage itself is breathing.  Regardless, the house is always spotless inside.  Kino’s mother is a very neat woman.  I think that when I go inside the house, she wants me to take my shoes off, but more often than not, I forget to do that because she’s so beautiful and I just stare at her.
I don’t know where Kino got his looks though.  He doesn’t look a thing like his mom.  But yeah, Kino got his mother’s curly, brown hair.  His green eyes, wide lips and dimpled chin perhaps were from his father.  The gap between his teeth was something I was sure Kino didn’t inherit from his mother because she was perfect!
I knocked several times, drumming my fists rhythmically against the door.  I paused and listened.
“Kino?”
I knocked again.  When nobody answered, I turned the doorknob and let myself in.  I’m sure he wouldn’t mind.  Upon entering, I noticed that there are pieces of broken glass on the floor, and the lamp is lying on its side.  The oil to make it burn was spilt.  I took extra care not to slip as I walked over it.  What happened here?
“Kino?” I whispered as I walked slowly around.  If a burglar had entered and he’s still inside, I better be careful.  My heart started to drum loudly leaving my ears oblivious to any other sound.
From my right, there was shuffling of feet, and I immediately faced it, arms raised in fists to defend myself from whatever it was.
The sounds stopped and I relaxed.  Then two figures started forming in the air.
“Aargh!”  I yelled.
“Quiet, Mayo,” Pyper said.  These weirdos had the gall to hide in invisibility and scare me.
“Why did you have to scare me like that?” I asked.  My voice was still shaking.
Pyper shrugged.  “We’re not trying to scare you.  We’re hiding.”
Kino moved closer.  “My mom’s gone.  She’s been taken.  For days, she’d been worried and said she wanted to run away from Kanela.  I don’t know why but I want to help.” His voice trailed off.
Pyper and I were looking at him intently.  Pyper turned toward me.
“He said that his mom keeps on having nightmares, about the palace — about her job...”
Nightmares about writing?  Now, that’s odd.
“Do you have any clue?” I asked.
Kino sat down on one of the stools in the living room, his green eyes squinting.
“No.  I don’t know who took her.  But we had an agreement.  If something bad happens, this house is where we’ll meet.  That’s why I’m hiding.  It’s been a day, and she had not shown up.”
He sounded worried, and I would have been too if my mom went missing like that.
“Do you think that maybe she’s dead?” I asked.
Pyper’s blue eyes widened at me before I felt her foot on my shin.
“Ouch! What?” I asked innocently.
Kino looked even more worried.
“I try not to think about that.  But I don’t think she is.  There’s no blood, and the only sign of violence is the broken lamp,” he said.  “My mother may be a small woman, but she’s very smart.  She will not be taken easily...”
When I realized what I just said, I felt ashamed for asking that question.  Of course I should have been more sensitive.  I didn’t want Kino to worry.
“So what brings you here?” Kino asked.  Pyper sat opposite him.  I glanced at her and cringe when I saw her gray skin.  It kind of grows on you though.  In fact, she actually looks cute gray.  It’s just that it’s a constant reminder that she is — or used to be — a ghost.
“You didn’t attend Professor Leban’s class —”
“I don’t need to.  I don’t have anything to practice with and I won’t be presenting in the palace anyway,” Kino said heatedly.
What’s wrong with him biting off my head like that?
“But it’s only five days before the Akean Wine Festival, and you have to be there —”
“No, I don’t.”  Kino shook his head sadly.
I don’t know which I prefer, the sad Kino or the angry Kino.
Pyper looked confused.  “What are you two talking about?”
“It’s the Akean Wine Festival.  Where have you been?” I asked, annoyed.
“Pyper’s never attended it, Mayo.  They never leave the Ghost Town,” Kino said.
“Oh,” I said.  “It’s an event where we present our powers in the palace.  It’s custom as old as time itself, or so the Elders say.  We age like wine, developing our powers, and when we are ready, yada, yada, yada, we are presented in the palace in Kanela so that the emperor can give us his blessings.  Our names will also be included in the list of Akean citizens.  That’s what we’re all waiting for, to see this day!”  I gushed and felt ashamed again because of Kino and his power — er, lack thereof.
I went on, “It’s actually brilliant you know… at first I wondered how the palace could control the people… I mean, possessing power is one thing, but how can anybody ever be sure that it will be used for the common good, right? The Akean book solves the issue.  As long as everybody is listed, it sorts of provide an assurance for citizens to refrain from committing a crime because the palace will know who has the ability to execute the crime.”  I grinned, proud of myself for giving a very clear explanation of how it works.  A soldier should be well-versed with the palace history, trivia, and facts.
“But it doesn’t exactly point the specific person who could have committed the crime,” Pyper began.
“That’s what the soldiers are for! I’m not finished,” I said.
“But you already stopped talking —”
“Only because you butt in while I was still talking,” I said, waving my arms.
“You’re finished talking, you were grinning!”  Pyper argued.
I would’ve defended my side if Kino had not spoken.  
“Mayo, you’re grinning like a satisfied professor after a lecture.  And Pyper, there are other facts that Mayo wasn’t able to say because it will take forever to spell them out,” he paused.  “There are war soldiers, and there are what we call cross soldiers.  Cross soldiers are the ones who investigate.  They are cunning and don’t look like the usual heavily muscled stereo-typical soldiers.”
I nodded.
Pyper nodded as though in deep thought.  “Enough about power.”  She turned to Kino.  “What about you?  Are you going?” she asked Kino and I froze.
Kino just looked at her stoically, but I knew those eyes.  He’s trying to hide the hurt inside.  He shook his head slowly. 
“I’m not going.  I haven’t attended the festival for three moon-turns now since I realized that my power wouldn’t manifest…”
I sat down too, my weight thumping against a stool.
“You have to be there, you’re my best friend,” I insisted.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Mayo.  Everyone will laugh at me if they see me there,” he paused.  “Being laughed at is one thing, but if anybody so much as looks at me with pity, I’ll lose it.  And there are mothers who will surely attend — who will definitely look at me with sad eyes.  I can’t go,” Kino said.
I blushed and looked down to my toes.
“Oh no, what did you do?” Kino asked and stood up.  “Look at me,” he ordered.
I twisted in my seat.  “It wasn’t exactly me who started it,” I said, sweat forming on my forehead.
“Then what?  Tell me!”  Kino shouted
Pyper stood up in front of me too.  I’m being grilled, and this must be how a produce-pincher feels.
“Lima started it.  He said that you discovered what your power is.”
Kino’s eyes popped.  “What?”
“Then Conrad seconded.  He said that you can move objects with Distantekus.”
“But that’s not true,” Kino protested.
I gulped.  “I know.  But the whole class turned toward me and wanted to get confirmation.  Conrad’s and Lima’s gazes were menacing like they would punch me if I didn’t back up what they said… so I nodded.”
Kino covered his face with his hands.  Pyper was shocked too, and if I heard her correctly, I think she cursed.
“I can tell Professor Leban that it vanished… that I can’t make it work anymore,” Kino said.  “That will put an end to this farce,” he finished desperately.
“You can’t!” I bellowed in panic.
“Of course I can.  I don’t want to keep on pretending,” he said stubbornly.
“But if you tell Professor Leban that, Conrad and Lima would appear like they’re lying... and that I lied too,” I reasoned.
“You did lie,” he pointed out.
“They would gang up on me!  Please Kino, just go with it,” I begged.
“And what about me?  I have to tell the truth.  I can’t go to the festival and face Lima’s and Conrad’s mockery.  Besides, I could get a bad grade for lying and I might be sent home forever,” Kino said worriedly.
“That’s not true...” I disagreed, my voice had gone weak.
“It is too.  The school will send me home and Lamare won’t be proud of me even more.  I will tell the truth,” Kino said.
I was frowning as I watched Kino’s face.  I wished he wouldn’t divulge everything so fast.
“No,” Pyper said suddenly.  Kino and I glanced at her.  “I can come with you.  The bullying has to stop, Kino.  And if they think you have a power, you’ll be free from the bullies.  Nobody knows me.  All we have to do is repeat the performance in the forest.  Only this time, it will be better!” she said excitedly.
Kino opened his mouth to protest, but I was the one who talked first.
“Come on, Kino.  We can pull this off.  I need you in the festival.  And Pyper’s right, the bullying has got to stop.”
Pyper and Kino were staring into each other’s eyes.  
“I don’t know... What if we’re found out?” Kino asked.
Pyper’s eyes beamed even in the darkness.  “We won’t,” she said.
I grinned at Pyper, happy that she was on my side.
“But...” Kino started to protest.
“Come on!  You’ll be leaving with your mom anyway. What’s going to happen in the festival won’t matter anymore because you’ll be in hiding soon,” I said, grinning.
Pyper rolled her eyes at me.  “You could really be so insensitive.”
I stared at her, dumbfounded.  “What?”
“Ugh!” she breathed.  “Just know when to shut up.”
“Just think about it, Kino.  Once you and your mom go away, you’ll be leaving everybody — especially the bullies — something to think about!” I gushed.
“You keep on referring to hiding like it’s a good thing,” Kino said.
That was the moment I blushed.  Oops, I could really be insensitive.
Finally, Kino said, “Okay…”  His voice was still hesitant like he didn’t fully believe in what we’re planning to do.
“Great!”  I said, grinning again.  “It’s just three minutes.  Don’t worry, nobody will know.  There will be hundreds of students presenting, and I’m sure nobody will pay us any mind.  Here.”  I pulled a piece of paper from my pocket and handed it to him.  “This is how we’re to present ourselves.  A short demo of the power, and then an introduction of who you are and what village you’re from.”
Kino took the piece of paper from my hand and read it.  Pyper tiptoed and peeked at Kino’s side to see what’s written.
“It’s easy,” she said and nodded.
“But your mom, what are we going to do about her?” I asked.
Kino’s worries came back; his eyes clouded once more.  
“I’ll wait here,” he said.
Pyper squeezed his hand.  “I’ll have to go for now, my father will be looking for me.  But I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said, and her whole body disappeared.  
She has such a wonderful power.  When I thought she has left already, she whispered near my ear, “Bye, Mayo.”  I jumped from my seat.
“Quit it, Pyper,” I shouted, and then frowned.  That was nasty of her, and I continued to frown her way — but I don’t know where to turn my face so she’d see my menacing glare.  I presume she’d walked away because the sound of her giggles gradually softened.  The door opened and closed ever so slightly.  I hoped it’s she leaving the cottage.
Kino looked at me.  “In five days, we’ll have to leave with or without my mother.  We’ll go to the palace,” he said.  “I hope she won’t come to the palace, I don’t want her to see the farce —,” he trailed off, and his face went pale.
“Why?” I asked.  “What’s wrong?”
“I just remembered, in five days, my mom will be returning to the palace to give the scroll.  I hope we don’t bump into her,” Kino said.
Great! I hoped Lamare will be there, but I didn’t tell Kino.  I want his mother to be proud of Kino’s power — even though it isn’t real.  My father will be in the palace unless he’s been sent away on some mission.  My mother will be there too, but with my useless power, I doubt if she will be proud of me.

Chapter 26 – Kino Amark

Mayo has left, and I’m now hiding under my bed in case the ones who took Lamare comes back.
I’m worried about my mom... It’s just us… and I don’t know what I would do if I lose her.  I just can’t lose her.  I love her so much.  And maybe it’s because I’m the only boy in her life that I feel protective over her, especially in the past moon-turn when I started growing taller.  To me, she seems so fragile that anything could hurt her, but I won’t let anybody harm her.  A little too late for that, my conscience told me.  My eyes began to water.
What I said earlier that Lamare is a smart woman is true.  I bet that if anybody’s pursuing her, she has evaded them, and she’s now on her way back to me.  All I have to do is wait.  
But what if she doesn’t come back for me? I shiver at the thought.  She definitely would, I’m sure of it… as sure as the moons would go on turning around Akea.
I wanted to punch Mayo earlier and tell him to shut up.  He’s a dear friend, but sometimes he could be so insensitive.  Like when he asked what if my mother’s dead? I went livid inside although I knew Mayo meant well.  It’s just that sometimes, I wish he would think twice or thrice before blathering about anything.
What if she’s dead?
She can’t be.  We have a connection — somehow.  If she’s gone I believe I would feel it.  But when I close my eyes and try to picture her face, calmness still seeps inside my heart as if she’s assuring me that she’s just out there.
I slept under the bed and prayed that she’ll come home soon.  For now, the best I could do is secure a hiding place for me and mother.
***
The cupboards were the first places I checked when I woke up.  I needed some food and trail water to take with me on my journey.
While I was still under the bed, I made up my mind about the Ghost Town.  Lamare can’t keep on going missing.  I have to see Pyper and Master Andoni, tell them that my mother and I need a place to hide, make them understand our need, and perhaps convince them to take us in.  With nobody ever setting foot in the Ghost Town, it would be perfect for us.
I’ll beg Master Andoni and Mistress Laren if that’s what it’ll take to convince them, and hope that they will let us stay in the village.  I have no other choice.  If they don’t agree, then we will have to keep on hiding in the woods and tell Lamare about the ghosts — that they are not what she thinks they are.  They are humans, as much flesh as we are.  I don’t want to break my promise to Master Andoni, and I hope I wouldn’t have to share the secret with Lamare.  But in case she gets a heart attack, maybe… just maybe, I will have to choose between keeping my word and saving my mother’s life.
I went back to my room and searched inside my closet for a blanket that could somehow disguise me.  I pulled at the bottom drawer and looked under a pile of clothes.  Lamare has a knack for keeping everything in proper order, and if she sees me now, the way I’m messing up my drawers, I’m sure she’ll have a fit.
I miss my mom.  I have never been away from her before for more than one day.  And I don’t know when she’ll return.  I have to get used to the idea.  That’s why it’s of high urgency that I talk to Master Andoni.  He has to agree to help me.
A brown blanket lay atop the other sheets.  It was worn out and has holes all over it.  Some were stitched closed by Lamare, but the others were already too big to be fixed.  I pulled it out and tested it around my shoulders like a cape.  I’m sure Lamare wouldn’t be too mad if I rip this into a cape upon seeing its hideous condition.  I need to cover my head too, so I took out the scissors and cut a part of the blanket into a hood.  I stitched it several times and tested it against my head.  On the third time that I tried it, the hood and the cape fit, and I knew then that I’m ready.
I closed the drawer and stood up.  It’s time to go.
I tied the blanket around me.  I can’t be invisible, but if I put a brown cloak and move slowly in the forest and into the mountains, maybe I would be more difficult to spot, and I could get to the Ghost Town unwatched.
I went back to the kitchen and took the food and water that I had prepared earlier.  When all was ready, I went out using the backdoor.
The sky is still dark, and it’s just the right time to start my journey.  The cool breeze blew on my face, and I had to clutch the blanket tighter.  At least it’s serving more than one purpose.
With one last glance at our cottage, I started for the foot of Mt. Ricuss.
I thought it was the cold weather at dawn that made my eyes water.  But as I started running, the tears streaked my cheeks and that was the only time I realized how very scared I was that Lamare would never return home — alive.  Stupid Mayo, haunting me with his thoughts.

Chapter 27 – Pyper San Diego

A few days ago, I hadn’t heard of the Akean Wine Festival, but now, in four days, I’ll be attending it.  I can’t contain my excitement since this is the first time I’ll ever join it, and Mayo’s descriptions made me look forward to the event.  It means that I’ll be able to see Akeans as they display their power.  Surely it must be a grand event.
Imagine that, in Akea, there will be hundreds of kids showing off their powers… It’s so different.  Here in Nivaton, we share the same power, so there’s nothing to show off.  I don’t say that with distaste.  I like my power, I wouldn’t trade it for any other — or maybe I would.  I smiled to myself at the wicked thought.
I’ll be able to see the emperor for the first time! Wow.  I don’t care about what everyone says about the emperor — that he is evil — he’s still the emperor, and it would be such an honor to be in his presence.
Four days… four days… four! Such a lovely number.  I smiled to myself and hummed a tune that my father taught me.  Then I pouted as I continued what I was doing.  I cut on the leather.  Two strips.  Then another three.  And after this, I have to start with the stitches.  To finish off, I would have to find the rubber tree and take its sap so that there’s something I could use to make the leather come together.  I sighed.  I really don’t like having to sit down inside my room and make sandals.  But my father told me that without the sandals, he wouldn’t let me see Kino or Mayo again.  So, I have to bear with it.  Maybe when I get older, I’ll finally find joy in crafting a pair.
Right now though, I feel like my youth is being wasted in this activity.
Distantekus.  Now, our plan is brilliant.  The only problem that I could think of is if the emperor would ask Kino to lift a heavy object because I’ll have a hard time doing that.  But if it will be as simple as a pebble, a rock, some fruits, play with a tree’s branch, then it will be a breeze.  I can’t shake my excitement, and I kept on grinning the entire day.
My father entered the room, and I looked up.
“Be cautious.  The Elder’s back.  There’s nothing much we can do now.  Nobody was able to raise the alarm.  Pass it around.  Go!”
I was shocked but I heeded my father’s instructions.  I vanished immediately and went outside; my eyes searched for the Elder.  Why would he want to come back? I grabbed a vine and swung to another tree house.  I saw the gooey image of an invisible body, and I knew that they had been warned already.  I went out and swung again to another tree house where I saw the same.  It seems like I’m one of the last Nivans to know about the Elder’s presence.
It didn’t seem like anybody still needed the warning, so I rested on a tree near the Elder.  I squint and saw that it was the same man, Elder Mahen, if I remember his name correctly and that this time, he didn’t have with him any pigs.  But there were still two birds perched on his shoulders.
He walked around and spoke.
“Dear Nivans, I want to talk to you,” he started in a booming voice.  He seemed to be listening if anyone would respond to his call.  All around me, I saw gooey figures of invisible Nivans, all holding their breaths, not daring to move.
When nobody answered he continued, “Akea needs your allegiance.  Outside these mountains, rebellions are starting.  We need you to join us.”  He paused as if giving us a chance to speak, but Nivans never bothered to move from where they were.  
“The world is stirring.  The emperor is not new to plotting disasters to hold power.  One great rebellion could put an end to this… if you would be an ally to the Elder’s Guild, we will be one in claiming the peace that was Akea before.”
I want to learn a lot about Nivaton, its history, its people, its essence in Akea.  But here in our town, nobody speaks about the past anymore.
There was a movement to my left, and someone squeezed my hand.  I knew it had to be Cogi, the Nameless.  It’s good to know he’s back from Derella.  I would like to listen to his stories later.  I squeezed his hand back.  I still find it amazing, how he could pinpoint the exact location of my hand even if I’m invisible.  I have asked him many times how to do that, but he just smiles and tells me that it will get to me in time.
The Elder took out a hammock, tying one end to a tree.  When done, he moved to the other side and did the same.  
“If nobody would acknowledge my presence, I’ll stay here until you’re all itching to show yourselves,” Elder Mahen said.  
“What is he doing?” I whispered to Cogi.  
“I think he’s settling in...”
“Isn’t he scared?” I asked.  He can’t stay here.  We would have a hard time moving around if someone’s having a watchful eye around us.
“This calls for play number one,” Cogi whispered.  
I nodded to myself.  Play number one means that we are allowed to scare people, of course, without having to touch them.
“I have to go down,” Cogi whispered again.
The Elder climbed on the hammock and lay there, sprawled under the shades of the trees.  He seemed to be enjoying himself.
How could his fear be gone? Even if he’s old I’m sure he’s scared of ghosts too.
Several luminous figures loomed around him.  It was difficult to spot them, but I know what they will do, they will shake the Elder off the hammock, shake the trees, and do whatever it takes to send shivers up the Elder’s spine.
It started.  One of the Nivans pushed at the hammock and Elder Mahen held tightly to it.  The birds were disturbed and flew away.  Elder Mahen tried to sit up on the hammock, but the Nivans prevented him from doing that.  Another pushed at the hammock sending it rising, and then before it could go up the other side, it stopped.  Perhaps the Nivans held the hammock back in such a way that it’s now tilted to the left.
Elder Mahen seemed perplexed about what’s happening around him, but his face was also painted with concentration.  His eyebrows were knitted, his lips pursed.  But regardless of all these, there was something missing in his countenance.  I finally pinpointed it out — fear! There is no sense of fear in his face as though he knew about us — that we are not ghosts.  But how could he have known?
My thoughts were disturbed by what happened next.  The hammock was let loose, and it swung to the other side.  Then it was stopped again, suspended in mid-air as Nivans continued playing with the Elder.
The hammock shook hard to make the Elder fall to the ground, but he was still holding to the hammock tightly, wrapping his legs around the hammock, but I fear that he would still fall.
Then I heard Nivans gasping all around me.  Why would they? They can’t give out our locations.
I squint and saw that on both ends of the hammock, there were two snakes that started crawling down.  They were not so wide in girth, but their length — I think they are at least two yards long.
I yelped too because I couldn’t control it.  The invisible Nivans holding the hammock let go of it and stepped back, perhaps afraid the snakes would bite them.  I’m terrified of snakes!
I fear for the Elder.  He didn’t harm us, and I don’t want the snakes to bite him.  But what happened next surprised me.
The snakes coiled around the Elder’s body, making the body one with the hammock.
Oh, that’s brilliant! I thought to myself.  I forgot that the Elder can talk to the animals.  Maybe he asked the snakes to protect his body from being shaken off the hammock.
The Elder didn’t speak.  He just lay there with a satisfied expression on his face.  He didn’t seem like a proud man, only like one whose conviction is too strongly fixed to an ideal.
I don’t know how we can drive him away without touching him.  Elder Mahen isn’t afraid of ghosts… Either that or he knows what we are.  But how could he?
The pig?  The coin?  But I was able to retrieve the coin... 
He must be bluffing.  That could only be it.
I got tired of watching the Elder so I went inside the house, back to my room and continued with the sandals.  
Hours passed and when I looked outside the window, the Elder is still in the hammock.  This is the first time this happened, and everybody’s starting to get concerned.
“Peeps,” my father said as he called me by my nickname, which I hate by the way.  “There will be a Nivan Elder meeting.  This old man is giving us cause to worry,” he said and vanished.
This is bad.  Nivans still consider me a child so I couldn’t join in the meetings.  My task is limited to keeping quiet and helping only in spreading the warnings.  I wish there’s something more I can do to help.  I gazed out the window and saw that this time the snakes are gone.  I hope they’re back where they came from.  I hate snakes! They’re so cold!
I went back inside and thought about what I can do to help, but no idea came.  Enough with the sandals.  I climbed down the tree house and thought it better to eavesdrop.
In going to the town hall meeting, I tried to evade the hammock of the Elder.  He’s still there, this time eating a piece of bread.  Everybody gets hungry! That’s it.  If there’s no more food and water... If he runs out of supplies, then he will leave us in peace.
I was happy upon coming across that thought.  All I need to do is tell my father.
I walked faster until I reached the town hall meeting.  The Elders of Nivaton seemed to have heard me because they all stopped talking.
“Food,” I said in a hushed voice.  “If he runs out of food, he will leave!”
“Pyper!” my father blurted out.  “I told you you’re not allowed to go here,” he sounded displeased.
“I’m sorry, father... but I just thought…”
“Go home,” he said.  There was finality in his words, and I couldn’t argue.  I turned around and left.  Then as I was on the way back to the house, I saw another Akean entering the village.  He is wearing an almost identical robe to what Elder Mahen is wearing. Another Elder!
I went back inside and told the Nivan Elders, “Father, more trouble... another Elder has come,” I said in an alarmed yet hushed voice.
Everybody around me went still.  They are more distraught now.  If Akeans keep on entering Nivaton, we are bound to be discovered.
I went out and even though I’m invisible, I still hid behind the trees.
I’m pretty sure that the newcomer is also an Elder, judging by the way he looks.  He has no hair and even from a distance, I could see his face covered with wrinkles.
He is talking to Elder Mahen, and they seem to be arguing.  I moved closer to hear clearly what they’re discussing.  I saw some footsteps beside me, and I know that the other Nivans were thinking about eavesdropping too.
“Elder Tala,” Elder Mahen said.
The other Elder nodded, acknowledging the name.
“What are you doing here? You have another purpose.  You were slated to rally the south.  Why did you follow me?” Elder Mahen asked.
Elder Tala smiled mischievously.  “I know your soft ways, Mahen.  You can’t convince Nivans in this manner… How do you plan on accomplishing your task? By spending days, months even — lying around in a hammock?” mockingly, he asked.
Elder Mahen looked offended.  “I have my ways.  And I have always succeeded.  Please let me handle this and see to your task.”
The other Elder shook his head.  “Nonsense.  If these ghosts wouldn’t appear right in front of us, I suggest you leave at once.  This is futile.  Your powers may be needed somewhere else.  Let me take care of the ghosts,” he said.
Elder Mahen’s eyebrows shot up.  “And what do you plan on doing here?”
“Make them come out.  Now,” Elder Tala said, and I got scared.  There seemed to be a threat to his words.  How will he make us come out?
Then I saw what Distantekus really is.  I watched as Elder Tala raised his hands and a tree house shook.
I held my breath and closed my fist as realization dawned on me.  He’s going to destroy Nivaton.  He’s going to force us to come out!
In anger, I knelt and picked a small rock and threw it at Elder Tala, but before it reached him, the rock fell down and hit the ground as if it had slammed against an invisible wall.
Maybe I shouldn’t have done that.
Elder Tala looked at the direction where the rock came, and I felt as if he can see me.  I shivered.  
“What do we have here? Somebody threw a rock?” He shouted and then laughed.
I gulped in fear.  My father will be mad at me.  But the Elder is a horrible person… He wanted to destroy Nivaton… Surely my father would understand my defense.
“Show yourselves, ghosts!”  Elder Tala yelled.
No Nivan stirred.  We held our breath, fearful of how this day may end.
When nobody responded to Elder Tala, he went toward the nearest tree house and raised his arms up again, making the tree house shake more strongly this time.  Before any Nivan could move, Elder Mahen lunged at Elder Tala.  They both went tumbling down.  The birds flew toward Elder Tala, taking turns pecking at his head.  The Elder defended himself by sending the birds away with a wave of air.  I heard their chirps as they vanished, their bodies exploding in the air.
Elder Mahen’s face was shocked, but he recovered immediately, shoving Elder Tala down and holding his hands.  This time, Elder Tala seemed to be losing.  But he was able to recover and kick Elder Mahen away.
I saw a movement from behind them.  It was a brown cloak walking around.  A short brown-cloaked man, moving slowly, evading the two Elders who were fighting.  Judging his movements, he seemed to want to help one of the Elders but couldn’t decide who to side with.  I was watching the cloaked figure curiously until finally, it made up its mind.  It jumped and its body came covering Elder Tala’s body, pinning him.  Both Elders looked surprised.  The two snakes came crawling toward Elder Tala, but the latter pushed at the brown cloaked figure, sending him rolling yards away.
Elder Tala did the same to the snakes.  He used Distantekus to shove them away.
The three of them, the Elders and the brown-cloaked man, were standing up now.  Elder Tala pushed air toward his opponents, but the brown cloaked man was fast.  He attacked Elder Tala and they were rolling again in the dusts.  
Elder Tala was cunning and it seemed like his body was attuned to his powers.  In one swift movement, he pushed at the brown cloaked man sending him sprawling on the ground.
Then he lunged toward Elder Mahen, “Why are you so soft, Mahen? Huh? Do you care for these ghosts?” he leered.
Elder Mahen was taken aback and a punch was thrown in his direction, leaving him lying beside the brown cloaked man.
Seeing that there’s no one else to stop him, Elder Tala moved toward the tree house and continued to use Distantekus to uproot the tree.
My heart is beating like crazy inside my chest.  He can’t destroy Nivaton.  I was silently crying because part of the Akean rule is just to let it be… as part of our cover.  Any perpetrator will leave us if there are no traces of human life in Nivaton, I remembered my father’s words.  The same is true for these Elders, they will leave soon if we could hold onto our rules.  The Elders may destroy our town, but they would never wring out our secrets from us.
The tree shook and it’s darned close to falling now.  Nivans around me are holding their breaths too.  Perhaps they are as shocked as I am at the turn of events.
The brown-cloaked man stirred, and he sat up.  The hood of his cloak fell backward, revealing his face, and my heart almost stopped.
Kino! It wasn’t a short man after all but rather, a tall boy.
Kino was glaring at the Elder as he attempts to uproot the tree.  He stood up and ran toward Elder Tala, but the Elder sensed him and immediately turned around.  He gestured with his hands toward Kino’s direction, sending the tree falling down his way.
I was in shock, everything is happening so fast.  But it’s Kino! I couldn’t let Elder Tala hurt him.  Before anybody could stop me, I ran toward Kino.  I’ll make him invisible.
When I was close to him, the tree house had started to tilt toward us, and all I could do was push Kino as hard as I can.  My fear made me stronger, and I sent him tumbling several yards back, enough to save him from the weight of the tree house.  I ran to save myself, but as I did, the house fell, and a branch struck the side of my head.  The surroundings started to swirl around me, and then I hit the ground as I passed out.

Chapter 28 - Elder Mahen Dilo

Disaster! I only wanted to get the allegiance of the Nivans, but with Elder Tala appearing, the situation became uncontrollable.  I watched in horror as Elder Tala used Distantekus to throw the tree house toward the brown cloaked man — who turned out to be a boy.  Just a kid!  If it wouldn’t discredit my reputation, I swore I would have swooned.  But I have to remain tranquil to finish my business with the Nivans.
When the tree came crashing down, I stared in horror as it fell toward the boy.  It was too late for me to ask the snakes to pull the boy to safety.  To my surprise, the boy’s body slammed against an invisible object and redounded several yards away.  I don’t know what happened until a branch swung and the body of a little gray girl became visible.
I watched in terror as the tree house came crashing down, and then it stopped as if it’s floating and my mouth hung open in amazement.  Images of bodies started to flicker before my eyes, gray bodies winking in and out, holding out the tree house to make the crash softer.  There were so many of them that immediately stepped forward, maybe close to a hundred pairs of hands.  When Elder Tala saw the ghosts and their numbers, he stood up and reacted logically.  He ran away.
The tree house went down, pushed away from where the brown clad boy and the girl lay sprawled on the ground.
To discover that Nivans are humans is what I want to happen.  Then form an allegiance with them.  But this was taken away by Elder Tala from me.  He liked to use violence in his tasks, and I had always shaken my head in disapproval at his methods.  And now, look at all this — havoc!
 A group of the Nivans went toward the two kids to help them, and a handful of them went running after Elder Tala.
I pray he gets caught.  He can’t let it known in Akea that Nivans exist.
My heart was beating rapidly, and I stood up.  I went toward the boy.  He saved me by helping me in my fight against Elder Tala, and I want to thank him.  But before I can come closer, something blocked my chest.  Then an arm formed out of thin air, the body came next, and the face.
“Look what you’ve done,” he said in a furious tone.
All around me, the Nivans started to form a circle, each face wearing an angry mask.  They scare me.  If not for the faces, then because of their unusual skin tone.
I swallowed.  “I have no bad intentions.  I only wanted to form an allegiance with you,” I said in all humility.
“Master Andoni,” a man called out.  He was panting.  “The Elder got away.  We weren’t able to stop him,” he said.
“This spells trouble,” I said, and they all turned to look at me.
The man who blocked my chest was Master Andoni, and this time, his eyes were burning as he said to me, “And you will pay dearly for the trouble you caused.”  
“Wait,” I said.  “Make me an ally.  We need to pair up,” I said in a rush before anybody decides to clobber me and put me to sleep.
“Why should we form an alliance with you?” Master Andoni asked.
“Because — the emperor destroyed your province before,” I said and paused.  “And he will do so again.” I watched around me as each face hung on to my every word.  “The emperor will know about this — because Elder Tala is his man.”
Then I felt the punch thrown at my face.  I rubbed against it and saw blood.  Then another hit me.  And another.  Until I was lying on the ground, receiving kicks all over my body, growing uncertain with each blow if the sun will rise for me again.

Chapter 29 – Andoni San Diego

Pyper was still unconscious, and her head was swollen on the left side.  I touched her face and recoiled at the heat.  How could she burn up so easily?
I moved out of her bedroom, and Laren hugged me.  “Oh, please bring my baby back,” she said.  I kissed the top of her head.
“Don’t worry, my heart, she’ll be all right,” I said.  “You know our Peeps, naughty, and a fighter.  She’ll wake up soon.”  Gods, I hope I’m right.
I left Laren and went to the town hall where I found the other Elders of Nivaton waiting.  They were no longer invisible.  We acknowledge the trouble that we’re in.  If Elder Tala breathes a word about our existence, the emperor will come for us.  We need to send a party to look for him.
The room was quiet, and they were all waiting for me.  
I’m the Head Hunter in Nivaton.  It was a title I inherited from my friend who I lost during the first time Wind flooded Nivaton.  I hated the emperor since then and wanted to exact revenge.  But the other Elders told me that I’m being impulsive, and if I truly care for everyone in this town, I wouldn’t be rash and rather, would listen to reason.  So I did.  I counted a hundred to pacify my rage.  I lost a friend to the flood, but he will not be forgotten, especially after I was made the new Head Hunter in his stead.
I sat down and as soon as I did, the questions started being aired down.
“What are we going to do now?”
“Fighters, hunters.  We need to fortify the mountains.  We can’t let it happen again.”
“We should wait and not act out on impulse…”  I heard that one before.
“Kill the Elder… Send a party to hunt him down and kill him before he tells the emperor.”
“No, I mean the other Elder.  He started all of this.”
“How did he discover us? I’m sure someone leaked the information about our identity.”
“Who is that boy?”
“Why did Pyper rush in to save him?”
It was a ruckus.  All were speculating about the appearance of the Elder and the boy, and what danger this befell us.  And what does Pyper have to do with them?
“Quiet!”  I shouted.  I didn’t want to have to raise my voice, but I had to because everybody’s panicking.  I looked around me in disgust.  “We are all grown men here.  That’s why we don’t invite the women to the meetings, because they are panicky, but listen to yourselves; you are as scared as a little girl!”
Everybody grew silent.  I should have chosen my words more carefully because I don’t want our town to be divided.  There is already much speculation milling around, and I must not do anything to fuel any suspicion among our group.
“Men, let’s discuss,” all eyes were on me.  “So, our secret was found out, and it’s a dangerous thing.  But there’s nothing we can do about it now, except to salvage what we still can.”
Romyo opened his mouth and said, “Head Hunter, if I may — let’s deploy a hunting party for Elder Tala.  I feel like it’s the one that’s of utmost importance to us now.  Only three people that are not Nivans know about us, and two are held captives.  This leaves us only with the Elder to hunt down.”
I nodded.  His suggestion is correct.  “Raise arms, Romyo.  Take thirty men with you, all of age, men of spears, arrows, and swords.  Lead the group.  I trust your strategies and skills could lead to his trail.  And do so immediately.”
Romyo nodded.  The others gave their assent to the plan too.  It is a good plan.  If we can contain Elder Tala, then we are still safe.
“You have your leave, Romyo.  Please be careful and send word every week,” I said.
“I will, Head Hunter,” he said and stood up.  Two others joined him out the door.
At least that problem will find itself resolved in Romyo’s capable hands.
“Can we get to the bottom of this?” Bambe asked.  He was younger than I, but his face has more scars than mine.  
I nodded, “Yes, that’s what I want too.  Is the Elder up? Bring him in,” I said.
The tents’ flaps opened and Elder Mahen was pushed inside, down to a chair in the middle of the room.
“What do you want with us?” I asked.
Elder Mahen looked concerned.
“I thought I made it all clearly spelled out.  The first time I came here, I was rallying the ghosts to join us, in the rebellion against Wind.  But nobody heeded.  You think that I didn’t know, but I’m almost certain about your existence,” he said.
A Nivan lost his temper and raised his left arm, slapping the back of Elder Mahen’s head.
I raised my hand, and the Nivan stopped but his face was still angry.
“Did you know what you did to this town? You are the cause of this commotion... if the emperor were to come for us, you will be known as the man who handed us to him on a silver platter, and your name will forever be cursed by our descendants.”
Elder Mahen looked concerned.  “That wasn’t my intention, Head Hunter,” he said humbly.  “Partnership with the Elders of Nivaton and the Elder’s Guild of Akea mainland.  Together we stand a chance against the emperor.”
I squinted and shook my head.
“Listen to me.  How many generations have passed since you were living a normal life? Do you want to spend the rest of your lives hiding behind your power? I’m giving you a chance to change it all.”
Another Nivan raised his hand and I was quick to stop it this time.
“Don’t, Gani.”  Gani looked at me as if he wanted to argue.  Instead, he lowered his clenched fist.
Elder Mahen flinched when he heard my voice, not out of fear, I suspect, but rather, of the coldness that coated it.
I looked around.  “This man is offering us a chance to change our ways...”
“There is nothing to change —”
“Your gray skin!”  Elder Mahen shouted.  “This is not how nature works.  Your skin color speaks of your shame, of your cowardice, hiding inside your tree houses.  What are the stories that you will pass on to your descendants? That when Akea was revolting, you hid behind your powers and shuddered? That when a plea of help was sent your way, you chose to shut your ears from the cries? That the valiant old blood of the Nivans died with the color of your skin —”
The Elder didn’t finish his sentence because this time, it was my temper that flared.  I smacked him on the head and his head flew sideways.  When he looked back at me, I almost felt sorry for the old man whose entire face is now covered with bruises.
“Kill him, Head Hunter! What are we waiting for?”
“This man dared insult us in our own land, are we to let it pass?”
“Give me the order, Head Hunter, and this man will not bother us anymore.”
“Silence!”  I shouted.  Is it the right thing to do? Should we pair up with the Elders? But why, we have no need to rise on a rebellion.  Now that Elder Tala discovers our secret though, it becomes imperative that we come up with a stand.  The only thing left for us to do is come up with a decision that’s fitting given the circumstances.
“What’s your power?” I asked.
Elder Mahen seemed to think it over, whether he should tell me, “I can talk to animals,” he said.  I heard gasps from all around me.  
“He can destroy us.”
“If he commands the elephants to trample us, we will be wiped out in hours...”
“Did you see the snakes?”
“What about beasts? Hobbubs? Can he talk to Hobbubs?”
Everybody panicked upon hearing Hobbubs, and I understand them.  Hobbubs are as big as horses, but unlike horses they are not domesticated.  They are beasts that are known to prey on people, but ironically, Hobbubs are not easily coerced into leaving the rainforests.  And if they’re not taunted, they would refrain from attacking people.  Legend has it that they no longer remember the taste of people’s flesh.  They prey on small animals instead.  
I stood up.  “Men, please —,” I said.  “If we’re not going to think rationally about it, we will have no solution to the issue...”
Everybody went silent again.
“I said I can talk to animals, but I never said I can control them,” Elder Mahen pointed out.
True.  If he could command the animals, we would have a hard time tying him up and holding him prisoner in our town.
I need to talk to Nivans alone.  There will be arguments, and the discussion is going to be a long one.  I don’t want the Elder to hear what each of us has to say.
“Bambe, bring the Elder back to his prison cell.  Make sure he’s tied up and guarded by at least ten men,” I said.  Ten may be too many, but I have to make sure because he can talk to animals.  And if ever there are other snakes anywhere near, then he may find his escape.  I can’t let that happen.
Bambe obeyed and gruffly took the Elder’s tied hands.  We watched in silence as Elder Mahen was taken out.
As soon as the tent’s flaps closed, I braced myself to listen to my people.  True enough, they started yelling and cursing even louder after the Elder was escorted out.  If I had not been a patient man, I would have sent them out to the dungeons.
***
It went for hours as each Nivan listened to arguments brought to the table.  In the end, we knew that a decision had to be made.  But no side relented.  Almost each argued that we have kept our secrets for far too long, and now is not the time to form an allegiance with anyone even if we will be fighting for the same goals.  It is more crucial now.  I have to raise the question and let majority decide.  I just hope I’ll subscribe to whatever it will be.
“Those in favor of partnering with the Elders raise your right hand,” I said.  There was no other way.  Our power may be strong, but we are also mortals.  We need stronger partners if ever we are to battle with the emperor.  And if the Elder doesn’t return to the Guild soon, doubts will stir, and we might just end up at war with them for a far lesser cause.
Everybody’s eyes seemed to be confused.  But then one hand shot up in the air.  Then another.  And another.  I held my breath as I counted, and I was relieved to find only a few hands favoring the Elder.  This could go on for days.  We can’t rush on a decision so soon if our lives and everything that we fought for hang in the balance.
I nodded and called off the meeting.  “This is essential.  In the coming days, we have to come up with,” I paused, searching for the right words to say.  “A better one...”
The Nivans left in silence.  Nobody will sleep well in his bed tonight.  Something bugs me even more.  The choice is to kill the Elder or to partner with the Guild.  What if among us, one decides to slit the Elder’s throat in the middle of the night? I feared this, which is why I asked ten men to guard him.  It’s not purely to protect us from the Elder.  I also offered him protection from us.
***
The tree house that was destroyed earlier is being repaired.  Nothing could be done any more to the tree; it was uprooted, and in a matter of days, the leaves would begin to dry up.
I watched as Nivans worked together to put up another tree house in another tree that isn’t taken yet.  Nivans had to carefully pick out one because they had to be sure that it would live even with the house built atop it.  This one was about fifty moon-turns and its trunk was more than ready to welcome a family.  If only Tree Runners were still visiting Nivaton, it would have been easier to pick one because they could immediately identify the right tree to ready for occupancy.
I walked back to my house.  Tired as I was, I need to see to Pyper again.  She’s my only child and I have to know that she’ll be okay.
I climbed the tree house in seconds.  Pyper’s room was lit by a lamp in the corner.  The boy — Kino — was there sitting beside her bed.  He looked worried and he’d better be.  My little Pyper saved his life.
I’m proud of Peeps.  She’s naughty but her heart — it’s pure.  She wouldn’t let anybody be harmed like that.  And when she grows up, she will turn out to be a fine young woman.
Kino looked at me and stood up.
“Master Andoni,” he said.  “I’m really sorry about this —”
I shook my head.  “Sit down, my boy,” I said.  It wasn’t his fault.  We saw what he did, helping Elder Mahen so that the other Elder wouldn’t be successful in his efforts to destroy the tree house.
“It’s been a long day, you should rest too,” I said to him.  He was, after all, Peeps’s friend.
Kino shook his head.  “I can’t leave her,” he said.  “She saved me.”
I nodded.  At least he has some honor.
Then I remembered what I wanted to ask him.  “What are you doing here?”
Kino looked at me.  He seemed to draw courage before speaking out again.
“Master Andoni, will you take me and my mother to your household?”
I gaped at him.  ‘What?’ I wanted to ask, but I was too tired to voice it out.  Now, how in the moons’ names am I supposed to respond to that? 

Chapter 30 - The General

I feel Akea disintegrating.  Is it the emperor or is it Akeans in general? Everywhere around me, in all the lands that I visited, I hear of rumors, of battles to unfold, of wars to come.  And then my visit to Derella, the flooding.  Is it why there’s a flood in the province? Because there was a rebellion there?
I still can’t make up my mind.
All my life, I have been a patriot — I only live to serve.  To dedicate my life to the emperor, to protect this land that my ancestors had shed blood to.  And now, it’s my turn.  
I recalled the missive that was delivered to me earlier.  The land is stirring, it said.  Well, I already know that.  The question is — what can the Masked Warriors do about it?  How will I know who to side with?
I can’t be tried for treason! It doesn’t run in my blood.  But the emperor is making me think twice.
He is a good ruler.  During his first moon-turns, he made the entire land flourish, utilizing his power to make the crops grow.  Punishing the head-gutters with his power.  Imposing tighter controls on the soldiers, deploying them to the lands, to ensure that no one will raise their arms against the emperor.
And then moon-turns after that, something changed.  When he knew that his rule was stable, he began plotting.  I don’t know why, but he did seem a bit scared of something that is yet to come.  I don’t know what, and I would have begged just to know the reason.
Rebellions started, but we were all sent out immediately to disperse them.
Then a curfew was implemented.
Rules after new rules are rolled out all over the land, and the punishment for minor crimes like theft became death.  We were appalled.  It can’t be that harsh.  But it was implemented in the land, and no one dared speak out.
There is some good in the emperor; I know it in my heart.  That’s why I support him.  But lately, he seems to waver.  What could be distressing him?
I have to find out and help.  In the meantime, while he is working out his issues, I’ll do my part.  I’ll roam the lands with my soldiers and find out what needs to be done.  In the process, maybe I’ll discern my purpose in Akea.
I hope I wouldn’t have to go against the emperor.  This land is my life.  And that means the emperor is my life too.
I approached the emperor’s throne and knelt in front of him.
“Stand up, War Generals,” he said.
I rose.  From my side, the other two generals stood up too.
“You all know what must be done,” the emperor said.  “Make sure Akea is mine.  Loyalty has to be spread across the land and I trust you to do just that.”
Then he dismissed us.  I knelt once more and out of the corner of my eye, I looked at the two generals.  What could they be plotting? What are their orders? I should have met with them before we were sent out.  But it’s too late now.  
If it comes to that — that I’ll have to face them in a battlefield because we don’t share beliefs — then may the best War General win.
“To serve, Your Grace,” I said, thumping a clenched fist twice on my chest.  I waited for the emperor to give us leave; and after that, I rose, turned around, and headed outside the chambers.


Chapter 31 - The Journey Back Home

Dogan Ronda
I never realized how in Bulacnin, canyons cover most of the place.  There are hardly any trees around, after riding for over fifty miles.  When Sisis rose up, and Luna and Risa joined in to reflect back Sisis’s heat, my body couldn’t stop from sweating.  I don’t like to sweat because let’s face it, sweat makes a man smell.  If I were alone, that will be okay.  Or if it were the troops I’m with.  But I’m with Lamare for gods’ sakes! It’s unfortunate enough that I look like this, but to friggin’ stink on top of my looks, to make Lamare ride with me further, maybe I would have to chain her to my horse.
Lamare is a few yards to my right.  The shawl that she used to tie me up yesterday covers her head, and all I could see are her eyes and the tip of her nose.  But it doesn’t matter, she still looks beautiful — even a glimpse of her toe nails would look friggin’ beautiful to me.
I wanted her to wear my coat so I offered it to her earlier, but she refused.  I told her that it would protect her from the sun, but she told me that I need protection too.  She didn’t mean anything more than what she said, and I shouldn’t read meanings into her words, but it touched my heart.  I would have argued and insisted on the coat, but then she looked up into my eyes and smiled, and after that, I couldn’t find the voice to argue with her anymore.
Lamare stopped, “I don’t understand… It took me only half a day to get to Bulacnin but right now, we’ve been riding for almost a day and we’re still inside this province.”  She sounded worried.
I looked around.  That was a keen observation.  Well, not exactly keen — I should have noticed it first, but because I was paying attention to something I find more endearing, I lost track of the friggin’ time.
“We’re not riding hard this time —”
“Nobody’s chasing me…” she said and looked at me.  I didn’t know if she was kidding, but the shawl covering her mouth moved, and I think I caught a slight upturn of her lips.
“If we ride harder, we might still be able to make it back to Kanela without having to spend another night here,” I said.
Lamare dismounted and pulled at her bay.  Then under the heat of the sun, she sat down.  It looks as if there’s nothing left for me to do too, and this was a good opportunity to get another chance to talk to her.
I dismounted and did the same.  I took extra care not to sit too close because she may smell me and that may turn her off.  There was a good two to three paces between us.
She looked concerned.
“Is something wrong?” I asked.
She looked at me, “It’s my son.  I don’t know what he’ll think… I pray he’s okay.”
I forgot about the boy.  “He’ll be okay.”
She nodded.  “That’s why I have to be home soon.  If it weren’t for the horses... I think they may be tired and hungry already.”
When she said hungry, my stomach growled and I almost blushed.  I looked away.
“Why did you follow me?” she asked.
With my back turned, I couldn’t see her face, and from the tone of her voice, I couldn’t guess what she must be feeling when she asked me that.
“I — got curious,” I said.  There are plenty of reasons why I friggin’ followed her, but the more important reasons are the ones I can’t tell her about.
I turned back to her.  “What’s your plan?”
She played with the horse’s reins as she spoke, “We’re going to run away from the emperor — he can’t make me write anything bad if he can’t find me.  I’ll take my son.”
I panicked.  That means I won’t be seeing her anymore.
“Where will you go?” I asked.
She shook her head, and the shawl covering her mouth fell off, revealing her lips.  With the sun’s heat, her lips only grew redder, and with the sweat that covered her face, she looked even lovelier like a friggin’ goddess after a steam bath, her cheeks blooming red.
“I don’t know yet... My son — Kino — he’s helping me figure out a place to go to but,” she laughed nervously and shook her head once more.  “There’s something that I still have to do.”
I felt sad.  I don’t want Lamare to go.  Without the scrolls to give to the emperor, I wouldn’t have any reason to see her.
“What do you have to do?” I asked after a moment.  I can’t be selfish.
Lamare was thoughtful for a moment and fidgeted the reins again.  “I had to give up something in the past… the trouble is, it wasn’t even mine to give up.  Now, I have to take it back,” she said.
Was I too friggin’ love-struck to understand what she’s saying or was she talking in riddles? 
"What is it?"
Lamare shrugged.  “I have to figure it out myself”
I wanted to help, but if she won't friggin’ tell me, then there's nothing for me to do, right?
I don't want to see her so sad...  there must be something I can do to make her smile.
I turned my back at her, and on the empty space behind my back, I patted the ground.  From where my hand landed, a plant slowly sprouted and continued growing until a flower showed.  I was staring at a red rose, some of the petals were already opened, but mostly the flower was still a bud.  It looked as if it bloomed at the perfect moment.  I plucked it out at the stem.
I had second thoughts before I finally decided to turn around and hand it to Lamare.
“Maybe this will cheer you up,” I said shyly.
She looked at the rose and laughed.  “Where in the world did you get this?” She took it and smelled it, just like any other woman would.  The rose only complemented her beauty, and I didn’t know what to say anymore.
“It’s just right here, where we sat down...”
“But there's no sign of water anywhere near... I don't think it could grow here.”
Oops, I thought.  I blushed again.  “It’s just there, right at our backs —”
She smiled.  “It doesn't matter where it came from,” she said.  “It's beautiful.”
Not as beautiful as you, I said in my friggin’ head.  But I controlled myself.
“This,” she said referring to the rose, “makes me happy.”  
It made me happy too.  Looking at her, a realization hit me.  Sometimes we tend to love the ones we can’t have.  I looked down and felt ashamed about my thoughts.
From where we were sitting, we heard sounds, like footsteps.
“Did you hear that?” she asked.
I nodded.  “It seems like the sound is moving, but I don’t see anything.”
“There,” she pointed to the east.  “Look, there seems to be something moving around.”
“Maybe the wind just blew.”
“Why? Did you feel the breeze?”
“No.”
“Then it couldn’t be the wind,” she said and stood up.  “Hold the reins.”  Lamare ran toward the source of the sound, but there wasn’t anything there anymore.  I followed her.
“Did you find anything?”
Lamare shook her head.  She was still holding the flower.  
“I think that we should go now if we want to reach Kanela in the evening,” I said.
She agreed and took the reins back, then mounted her horse.  As she did, the flower fell.  “I got it,” I said, and then bent down to pick it up.
There were some strange marks on the ground.  Like there were a few sets of footsteps.  I looked farther.  It’s difficult to see the footsteps because they seem so light, and if I’m not looking closely, I might have missed them.
“Um, Lamare,” I said.  “You’ve got to see this.”
She immediately climbed down and knelt beside me.  “Footsteps?”
I nodded.  “Looks like that to me.  What could they be? Do you think they are the sources of what we heard earlier?”
I stood up and gave back the rose to Lamare.  She looked up at me.  “Ghosts,” she whispered.
“What do you mean?”
“They are the only ones who can walk this lightly.  The ghosts were here.”
“I don’t understand.  Stop talking in riddles,” I said, frustrated.
“No, Dogan.  I’m not talking in riddles.”  Lamare crouched and inspected the ground before us.  “Look… these are footsteps, there’s no doubt about it, which confirms that these are Nivans...”
Wait a minute —  “Nivans?” I said, disbelieving her.  “They are long gone —”
Lamare nodded.  “I know.  But they are the only ones who can walk this way.  They are very discreet people.”
“Then why didn’t we see them?”
Lamare paused, and then turned to me once more.  “Because they can turn invisible.”
“Wow.”  I wanted to say more, but I can’t think of better words to say.  If anyone has that power, then it could be — wow.  That’s just it.
Then something pulled at my horse.  It seemed like Luya wants to run away.  But the odd thing is the horse seemed to be as shocked by her movements as I.  I pulled her reins so that she’ll be closer to me, but she didn’t move.  Instead, Luya moved farther away.
“What’s wrong?” I asked Luya.  Then she walked backward.  Could a friggin’ horse even walk backward?  “Hey,” I said.
Lamare looked up.  “Why?”  She was already back in her horse.  The rose tucked behind her back.
“This horse is giving me the creeps…”  Luya kept on pulling at me.  I threw my arms up in exasperation.  “What do you want?” I yelled.
At that moment, Luya turned around and walked away, slowly, like her legs were being dragged.  Then at a faster pace, she friggin’ galloped.  After a few yards, I saw a man climb the saddle.  He was bald, and the sun shone on his shaved head.
“Thanks for the horse,” he said and galloped away, leaving me shocked about what happened.
“Hey!” Lamare yelled and started galloping after the friggin’ man.
“Lamare, no!” I shouted after her.  
She stopped.  “But your horse,” she paused.  “Aren’t you even going to come after the thief?”
“It’s gone,” I said.  “There are more important things than the horse.  We should head back home now.”  I don’t think we’re still that far back.  I can walk from here.  Besides, maybe by not having a horse, Lamare will later on offer me to ride with her, and that will be lovely.
“Okay,” she said.  “I hope you’re in shape.”  Then we started walking away.  She didn’t ask me to ride with her.  Stupid horse.  Stupid thief.
Lamare Amark
Focus.  That’s what I need to do, but with this heat, it’s a surprise that we can still think straight.  Or maybe we have stopped doing that because instead of running after the horse thief, we just watched the old man leave.
It could be a smart decision too, letting him go — because even if I can ride beside the horse-thief, I doubt if I could tackle him.  And I don’t know how fast Dogan can run to catch up with me to help me take back the horse.
I stopped and turned the horse around.  “Are you okay?” Dogan seemed too sunburned already.  Sweat coursed down his cheeks from the shaved parts of his head.  The topknot looked better on him than his old haircut.
“Don’t worry about me, my feet are burning at the soles, but I’m okay,” Dogan said.
I nodded and started trotting on the horse.  Maybe if I let some distance separate us, a few yards, I could force Dogan to move faster, and we can reach Wawang sooner.
I have two options in mind for a hiding place, Derella or Nivaton.  Derella is a long way from Kanela, and since the disaster, our entry to the province could go quietly, and we could seek out help building a small place for us.  
Nivaton though is — eccentric.  Why would Kino even want to stay there? True, the place will shelter us, it had been uninhabited for a long time now, and we could be staying there for moon-turns before we even get discovered by any of the Palace Soldiers… in case Wind decides to send a search party for Kino and me, which I’m positive he’ll do.  By that time, assuming that I have released Kino from the bind of his powers, maybe, we could fight Wind.
The only problem is I have no power without Wind beside me to make the words come true.
“Can we camp for a while?” Dogan asked, panting.
I stopped and looked up at the sky.  It sure is beginning to get dark already.  “We have no food —”
“Exactly,” he said.  “If we use up all our energy now, it will be more difficult tomorrow.”
Oh, Kino.  Please wait for me.  Don’t be worried, I’m coming home tomorrow.  “Okay,” I said.
“Really?”
I dismounted my bay and gave him the reins.  Sometimes, I still remember Dogan to be the stable boy from back in the palace when I was still the Princess of Kanela.
I walked a few yards and sat down; the ground was as hot as ever but it would begin to cool in a bit as soon as Sisis sets.
Dogan is standing back with the horse, his face a picture of confusion.
“What?” I asked.
He shrugged.  “Do I know you from somewhere in the past?” he asked.  “It’s just that — this feels bizarre.  Like the way you handed me the reins and the way I took them without another word.”
My eyes widened.  Could he be remembering some memories of me?  About my past?  If yes, then that’s fantastic news.  It means that the words I write wear off with time.
Instead of answering him, I said, “Come sit with me.”  When he still didn’t move, I added, “We better rest now.”
He nodded and moved toward me, the horse trailing after him.  Before he sat beside me, he crouched down beside a boulder and worked his way to tie up the horse.  When he was done, he approached and joined me.
“Have you decided where you’ll be hiding?” he asked.
He could be so insistent.  I shook my head.  “I have a few options but I,” I paused, looked at Dogan, and fell silent.
He nodded as though he understood.  He chuckled.  “Of course, you won’t tell me because you think I’ll go running to tell the emperor.”
“You’re his Man-Shield.  You always go with him.  That makes you in the best position to tell on me in case I run away.”
“Why would I do that to you?  I knew now that you’re not a witch,” he said.  He looked at me, trying to hold my gaze.  I was the first one to look away.
Can I trust him? But I know so little about this man.  
“It’s okay, I understand,” he said, releasing me of my dilemma.
“I miss my son,” I whispered involuntarily not meaning for Dogan to hear.  I shouldn’t open up to him like this.  Shaking my head, I tried to change the topic.  “What about you? Married? Children?”
Dogan smiled.  “Nah.  With this face, no woman ever dared look twice my way,” he said and laughed.
My heart went out to him.  “Come on, it’s not that bad,”  I said before I could stop myself.  “You’re actually,” I racked my brains for a good adjective to describe the way he looks.
Dogan laughed.  “It’s okay.  You don’t have to be so kind.”
“No,” I protested.  “You’re strangely different.”  I think by saying that, I made the situation worse.
Dogan shook his head, his eyes that were shining with mirth were still fixed on me.  “It’s okay, really,” he said.
I bowed down and blushed.
Then what happened next surprised me.  When I looked up, he was holding out to me another beautiful red rose.  
“Where did you get this?” I asked, confused.
“Flowers grow everywhere,” he said and smiled.
He gave me a similar flower in the morning, and I couldn’t remember if we sat down near a rose bush.  I knew there wasn’t any flowering plant here.  The land is so dry.  It’s just impossible.  But when I look at our backs, sure enough, a rose plant is there! Amazing.  I didn’t push him with my questioning though.  Better not to put him on the spot.
“Is there someone special?”  Talk about irony!  I didn’t want to put him on the spot, but here I go prying from him something immensely personal.
He smiled.
“Come on, tell me,” I pushed.  “There’s nothing better to do here.”
He looked at me.  “I’ve been in love once.  From a long time ago.  But it was too far back in my memory that I don’t remember if it ever did happen,” he started.  “It was like a fairy tale.  I was still young, a stable boy when I fell in love with a beautiful Princess.  But she was already married.  And then I don’t know what happened.”  He shrugged his shoulders.  “I no longer remember her face or her name.  But I know then what it was like to get that funny feeling inside your stomach.”  He laughed softly.  The sounds were like a soft rumbling of the land.
I gave a start.  He did remember the fragments of my memories but not the entire story.  So there were traces of my presence in people’s minds — only I had no name and no face in them.
I was touched by what Dogan said especially knowing all too well that his story could not have progressed in any manner.
“Is there somebody else now?” I teased.
He opened his mouth like he was about to say something else, but he stopped.
The flowers.  The chase.  Was he mad at me or was he concerned about me? If a memory can make him remember the feeling of love, isn’t it possible that seeing me every fortnight can make him fond of me again?
Suddenly I understood.  I touched his hand, and he blushed.  I was the only woman he ever did love… and still loves.
“Thank you for the flowers,” I said and squeezed his hand.
His blush ran deeper this time.  He shook his head and said, “It’s nothing.  Flowers are ordinary; they’re part of nature — of the land.  Especially the roses.  They grow everywhere.”
I stopped.  What was that again he said?
Dear gods... I think Dogan may just have handed me the solution to my dilemma — of how I’ll release Kino of the bond.  Without thinking, I threw my arms around Dogan and hugged him so tightly that even with his size, I’m afraid I would crush him to pieces.
“What the,” he seemed to want to object, but I didn’t let go of him.
“Dogan, you are wonderful,” I breathed against his ear.  Then I pulled back.  “Thank you.”
He was confused and his face was all red, but his eyes were shining luminous like Luna and Risa — a pair to watch over Akeans; and his eyes a pair to watch over me.
“You have eyes as beautiful as the moons,” I said.  He smiled at me.  I didn’t say that just to make him feel better.  Indeed, as I looked into his eyes, I couldn’t have said a more fitting comparison.
Then I kissed him on the cheeks as a sign of my gratitude.  He didn’t know what he just did, but he could not have picked out better words to tell me.
Before he could react, I lay myself down on the ground and smiled at him.  “Good night, Dogan.”
Then I closed my eyes and drifted to sleep.  This time, the nightmares did not haunt me anymore.  Instead, in my dreams, I saw a life for Kino and me in Nivaton.  Living in one of the tree houses.  Waiting for Kino’s father that wouldn’t come back, but not even that dampened the dream.  It remained splendid.
Dogan Ronda
Now that was friggin’ weird.  True, I couldn’t have revelled more in that hug, but I wish I knew why she did that.  So sometimes, it seems like there’s some wisdom in what I say — is that it? Did I say anything that’s far too valuable to her?
I stood up and patted her bay on the head.  Poor horse.  “Don’t worry, tomorrow you can eat all the grass you want,” I told the horse.  She regarded me as though annoyed I had bothered her sleep.
I went back beside Lamare and watched as her chest rose and fell slowly.
I wish there’s a mirror around so I could look at my friggin’ eyes.  She said they were as beautiful as the moons.  The heat wave must have burned her brain badly for her to be talking nonsense, but I couldn’t stop smiling.
We really need to get back to Kanela soon.
If I were Kino and my mother had gone missing for two days, I would have panicked and raised an alarm.  But that’s just half the problem.  The other half is that the emperor could be looking for me too.  If I come back now, will he brand me a friggin’ deserter for leaving without asking for his permission?  Lately, the emperor’s been preoccupied with a lot of things.  I hope he wouldn’t be so mad when I come back.
I want to follow Lamare, to where she will hide.  She doesn’t know it, but I’m willing to protect her even from the emperor himself.  I don’t know why, but I’m quite taken by her.  I closed my eyes and remember from a long time ago, a memory of an arrow piercing my back, and myself working on removing it, but then soft hands took the arrow and yanked them out leaving me staring after the beautiful Princess.  Her Royal Highness who had no friggin’ face.
I lie down a few yards away from Lamare and closed my eyes to sleep.
Kino Amark
Pyper stirred in her sleep and opened her eyes briefly before I left Nivaton.  Her head was still burning, but at least she would be okay now.  The fever would be gone and in a few days, I’m sure she would be up and about again.
That doesn’t make me happy though — the fact that I was the reason she had gotten sick in the first place makes me feel like my heart’s being poked with a stick.  If she had not run out to save me from the falling tree house, I could have been dead now, or paralyzed, or the one lying in her bed.
I looked beside me at Cogi.  He was staring straight ahead and was as quiet as a gently blowing breeze.  Nivans blend well with their surroundings.
Master Andoni couldn’t leave the town, so he asked Cogi to escort me back to my village.  I protested at first because I didn’t want that kind of favor.  But he was insistent, especially when he said that I have to be invisible in case we come across some wanderers, and the only way I could turn invisible was if a Nivan shared his power with me.  So Cogi ended up having to climb down the mountains with me.
“Why is it that you can only turn one person invisible?” I asked Cogi, wanting to start a conversation.  After all, he was Pyper’s friend and Master Andoni seemed to trust him.
Cogi shook his head.  “I don’t know exactly.  The Elders say that it used to be that only women can do that.”
“Women? Why?”
“They say that it’s a gift from the gods so that they could protect the babies when they were still too young to protect themselves, at least the mothers could do something about them.”
That makes sense.  “Then how come men can also make someone else invisible now?”
“I don’t know.  Maybe for battles.  But it’s limited you see.  We can only extend our power to one person.  And we have to be in physical contact with the person we want to share our power with,” he said.  He glanced at me sideways as we walked briskly.
“Come, give me your hand,” he said.
Cogi stopped beside me.  I extended my hand to him and saw myself disappearing before my very eyes.
“Keep quiet and listen to your surroundings,” he said in a hushed voice.  “We’re very close to the border of your village and there may be people wandering about.”
I followed his lead and walked beside him.  I breathed in the scent that was Kanela.  It’s good to be back home.
After another mile, Cogi let go of my hand.  “That feels weird, huh?” he said, his eyes dancing in jest.
I nodded and laughed.  “Yes.  I don’t ever hold another boy’s hand.”  I wish Pyper were the one who took me back to the village.
“Anyway, I think you’re safe here.  Follow Master Andoni’s instructions in case you need to come back to Nivaton,” he said and vanished in thin air.
I’m alone again.  I started walking home, and in a few minutes, I saw our cottage.  There was a horse in the lawn.  Lamare? 
My mother was back... could it be? I ran faster to reach the house immediately and threw the door open.
“Mom?” I shouted.  
I saw a woman sitting in one of the single sofas in the living room.  “Who are you?”
She shook her head.  “That’s of no importance to you,” she said.  Her eyes travelled over my body as if scrutinizing me.  “You don’t look like the emperor at all.”
“What?” I asked, confused.
“I wonder how you could be significant to him,” she said.  “What’s your power?” she asked.  She has beautiful and yet scary eyes.
I shook my head.  “I have no power.”
“Curious thing,” she said, her eyebrows raised.  She still has not risen from the sofa, and looking at her there with her regal bearing, I feared her.  “No power?”
“Nothing.”
“And your mother?”
“She writes.  I think she can write compelling stories.  That’s all she can do.”  Why am I telling her all these?
“A writer,” she said.  She seemed to be mulling on everything I say.
“Who are you?” I asked with a bit of edge in my voice.
She raised her eyebrows again.  “It’s of no consequence to you, boy.”
“Then what are you doing here?” I said and added, “Just leave...”
She raised her eyebrows again.
“My Lady,” I added as an afterthought.  She laughed at that.
“Tell me one thing more before I leave,” she said and then she looked deep into my eyes.  “Who is your father?”
“I don’t know,” I whispered.  I wasn’t lying.  I really didn’t know.
Her face registered something of an emotion I couldn’t quite make of; then she stood up.  “Goodbye, Kino.”
She started walking toward the door.  I watched as she mounted the horse and galloped away.
I didn’t realize that my heart was beating rapidly.  Who was she? Although beautiful, her regal manner scared me.  And — she knew my name! I shivered.
I went back inside the cottage and closed the door, disappointed.  I thought that my mother would be home, but instead, I found a stranger… Things are starting to get more unusual, and I don’t understand any of them.
I went inside my room and hid under the bed.
***
I dozed off, and the next thing I know, the most beautiful eyes were looking at me from where I was hiding.  I smiled back and reached out my hand to touch her face.
“Mom,” I said.
She was smiling at me with misty eyes.  She worried about me too.
I crawled from under the bed and gave her a hug.  She was squeezing me so tightly.  I pulled back.  “What happened?”
“Dogan,” she said and pointed to a tall man with a wide frame.  His body blocked the door of my bedroom that it’s almost unbelievable that I didn’t notice him at first.
“Did he take you captive?” I scowled at the ugly man.
Lamare laughed and ruffled my hair.  “No, silly.  Well, at first he chased me down,” she said.
“Is he the enemy?” I asked, not taking my gaze off of him.  Then I stood up and used myself as a human shield for Lamare.
Dogan smiled, if anyone could ever call that a smile.  “Kino, I’m a friend.”
I looked at Lamare, and she nodded.  “Mom, we have to go now… Someone,” I stopped and looked at Dogan.  Then to my mother, I said, “I need to talk to you alone.” 
Dogan understood and left us.
“Mom, we can go to the Ghost Town... please,” I begged.  “Someone has agreed to take us in —”
“What?” she asked.  Her eyes went wide.  “What are you saying?”
“There are no ghosts, mom.  At least not in that town.  They are humans hiding from Akeans.”
Lamare sat down on my bed, still confused.  
“I met Pyper, a Nivan, and well, she became my friend.  When you went missing, I went back to the Ghost Town and asked her father to take us in his household.”
She looked up at me.  “And?”
I grinned.  “He agreed.”
Lamare paled.  “What? This is — hold on, Kino.  I’m your mother.  You can’t make these plans without telling me…”
“But, mom — it’s perfect for us,” I argued.  I’m sure she will see sense and agree.
“You overstepped on what’s expected of you,” she said.  Lamare stood up, went away from me, and started walking in circles the way she does when she’s thinking really, really hard.  “Go back to school, enjoy your youth while it lasts… leave the planning to me.”
“But —”
Lamare stopped and looked at me.  “I’ll think it over.  Please — this is too much.”  She threw her arms in exasperation.  “Moon-turns... decades! All I know is that the place is gone, inhabited by ghosts, and now you’re to tell me it isn’t?”
I gaped at her.  “You speak like you know the place…”
She nodded.  “Of course.”
“You’ve been there —”
“Nivaton was a part of my life when I was growing up.  I witnessed its vanishing… and I lost friends to the flood that destroyed it,” she said.  “And now, you’re telling me that they could still be living?”
“I’m sorry, mom,” I said softly.  “I didn’t know you have friends there.”
She sat back down in bed and held her face in her hands.  “Please, Kino.  Leave me for a while…I need to think.”
Without another word, I obeyed.  I looked at her, so tiny, with shoulders slumped.  I felt a stabbing pain in my chest.  I thought she would be happy when she heard my news.  This wasn’t the reaction I was hoping for.
I turned toward the door, and as I went outside, I caught sight of boots walking away.  Could Dogan have listened in on our conversation? I shouldn’t trust this man.
Lamare Amark
My hands are still shaking.  Nivans? Alive? What about Timbukte? Is there any chance that he could still be alive too?
But my words… the ones that I’ve written to make him come back, and yet he didn’t … only the dead could disregard my will.
I didn’t notice that tears are running down my face.  The memory of Nivans take me back to that specific place and time, when I was still young, when my father was still alive, when I was still in love with a man who wasn’t my husband.
I dried my tears.  This has got to stop.  I have mourned Tim a long time ago.  He gave me the best gift in this world, a son.  I shouldn’t let his memory make me weak, most especially after I have figured out a way to release Kino.  
I couldn’t stop my hands from shaking, and when I stood up, my knees buckled too.  I found myself kneeling on the floor, and since I have no strength to stand up, I let myself cry once more.
I miss Tim.
So it’s true, then.  Those soft footsteps that we saw in Bulacnin, those belong to Nivans.  What could they be doing out there, so far away from Nivaton?
I have to be stronger now.
Derella or Nivaton.  I had considered both, true.  And Nivaton seemed to be the better choice, but that was before I knew that Nivans live… can I even go back there? Nobody would remember me… I had been written off from their memories when Wind stripped me off from the people’s minds.  If I see familiar faces, some friends who still live… will I be able to take it if none acknowledge me with even a smile? It’s hard enough that Tim will not be there… but for all the other Nivans who had entrusted me with their friendship to regard me coldly…I don’t think I can handle that.
But what now? I have no other choice.  Since I already figured out a way to release Kino, it’s more pressing now that I decide where to go.
Nivans were friends.  They are a quiet bunch, and their honor runs deep.  If someone had accepted to take Kino and me in their household, then we can definitely count on them for protection.
But do I dare endanger them again? The first time they suffered was out of Wind’s whim when he wanted to display his power all over Akea.
This time, in case he finds me gone and he learns I’m in Nivaton, then I’ll bring his wrath to the town once more.  And it could end differently now… with all of them truly dead.
I shivered, and I hugged myself close, not minding the tears that continued to roll down my cheeks, creating a small puddle on the floor in front of me.
I looked up and saw Dogan by the door.  He walked fast toward me and upon reaching me, knelt down, scooped me in his arms, and carried me.  I thought that he would put me in bed.  Instead, what he did surprised me.  He sat down in bed while he was still cradling me in his arms, and continued holding me, his chin resting on top of my head.  It was at that moment when I realized that there’s someone I can depend on that I started sobbing uncontrollably.
Dogan Ronda
When Kino came out of the room, I went back inside to say goodbye to Lamare.  I have stayed with her a long time already, and I need to report to the emperor.  But when I reached the door, I saw Lamare in a kneeling position, crying.
I have never known emotion so raw — well, except for that time when I had to friggin’ slit a woman’s neck… and the other incidents of death that followed.  Still, I can’t see Lamare crying.
This time, I remembered to keep my mouth shut and just let her sob against my shoulders.
Night has come, and she’s still locked in her room finishing her scroll, and making up for the lost days by spending the night writing.
I walked toward Lamare’s door and knocked several times.
“Come in,” she said.
I pushed the door and walked inside.  She had changed her clothes, and the smell of sweat and the sun is gone.  Instead, the signature scent of lavender is back, and I caught my friggin’ breath.  I took another whiff of her smell, something to remember her by as I travel back to the palace.
“I’ll be leaving now,” I said.  “It’s been days since I was out of my post and the emperor may have my neck for that.”
Lamare nodded thoughtfully.  “Please have a safe ride,” she said.
I nodded before walking away.  She followed me.  Outside, I saddled her horse.  “I’ll have to borrow your bay,” I said.
She smiled.  “Take her,” she said.  “Raga isn’t mine.”
I cocked my friggin’ eyebrows.
“What?”  Then I grinned.  “I won’t be surprised if guards chase me down to the palace now,” I said.
I studied her face one more time.  I’ll friggin’ miss her.
“I know it’s too much to ask,” she said hesitantly.  “But when you see me in the palace —”
I understood.  “I won’t tell a soul.”
She nodded.  “Goodbye, Dogan.  I’ll see you when the moons permit it,” she said.
I wished that would be soon.
I clenched my fist, thumped it twice on my chest and bowed.  When I caught her eyes, they were surprised at what I did.  And I was pretty surprised too.  What I did was an ancient sign of fealty toward a lady.  There’s no more time to friggin’ ponder about what I did.
I quickly mounted the horse and started trotting away.  My body was tired from the past days’ journey, but I found another source of strength — my heart.
Before the cottage was fully obscured from my view, I looked back and saw that Lamare was no longer outside.  Light still seeped from the gaps of her room’s window; she’s probably back to writing once more.

Chapter 32 – Mayo Calo

The first time that Kino didn’t go to class, I panicked because he could be in trouble.  Today, I realized that he had skipped class for three days straight.
What about our plan, his power — how could he show it off if he and Pyper don’t practice? Something good has to come up soon.
Tomorrow is already the Akean Wine Festival, and I would have to wake up early and join the school carriage.  I don’t have my family to take me to the palace, so instead, I asked my grandma to give me the money to pay for the fare so that I could ride the school carriage.  I had doubled the amount of money that I asked so that I could also cover Kino’s fare.  I don’t want to hear any excuse from him that he wouldn’t be able to join us because he and his mother don’t even have enough to buy necessities.  Lame!
What I forgot is to secure Pyper a seat.  Now that’s something to think about.  I figured that she could squeeze between Kino and me since she will have to be invisible all the time.  So that just about solves the problem.
Now, Kino... I haven’t heard a word from him.  And if he doesn’t join us tomorrow, the gods have mercy on me.
I was waiting for Professor Leban to enter the classroom.  Each minute that passes only weighed me down more.  It seemed like Kino would miss class again.  Then all of a sudden, Kino was standing by the doorway.  I stood up and run toward him.  He saw me too and smiled.
“I thought you won’t be attending the class again today,” I said.  “Which you can’t miss anymore.  This is the last day for the rehearsal.  Just think of something to say when the emperor asks your name.”
“We have a problem.”
I stopped dead in my tracks.  Kino was very predictable; he would bail out on me!  “What?  I got you your fare.  We have the tickets to ride the school carriage that will take us to the palace.”
Kino looked surprised, and he blushed.  “Thanks.  I didn’t realize… I forgot about that part.”
“It’s nothing,” I said.  “Problem solved!”  I grinned, proud of myself for thinking ahead.  Now I felt like I was ready to become a soldier.  Father would be so proud.
“No, it’s Pyper,” he said.
I rolled my eyes.  “Oh no, she changed her mind? She couldn’t do that... after she volunteered to be part of this, she wouldn’t come?” I was almost hysterical.
Kino grabbed my arm and pulled me.  When we reached my seat, he pushed me to sit down.
“Pyper’s sick.  She’s in trouble,” he said.
“So she won’t be coming?”
“I don’t think she can even if she wants to —”
“But what are we going to do?”
“When my turn comes and Pyper isn’t there, then I’ll just hide and go home,” Kino said.
All of a sudden, the classroom went silent.  Professor Leban entered.  He was wearing plain white trousers and shirt.  He was also barefoot.
“Class, remember your power?” he said.  “You have to dress up in a manner that best accentuates it.”
Everybody hurried to their seats.  Accentuate?  Accentuate my ass!
“Since my power is in my legs, kicking, controlling —when I presented in the palace moon-turns ago, I was barefoot.  Just like I am now,” he said proudly.  “So for today, I’m going to open the rest of our session for consultations.  Costumes! Half the power is looking the part.  So let’s brainstorm.”
I was grinning, but I couldn’t exactly think of a good costume for my power.  I looked beside me and found that Kino is wearing a tortured expression.  He seemed to be as appalled at the thought as I was excited about it.  Boy, this is going to be fun.

Chapter 33 - Pyper San Diego

I woke up feeling lightheaded and felt the cold breeze as it blew against my sweat drenched body.  The fever had broken.  I sat up and upon glancing outside my window, the dark sky greeted me.
How many days was I out? And what time could it be already? 
There was a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach.  Have I missed the festival? But I was so keen on going… and Kino! Goodness, what if he didn’t have any power to present? 
I stood up, still feeling weak.  Upon doing that, I felt a shooting pain on the left side of my head.  I touched it and felt a piece of cloth covering it.  A wound.
“Mom?” I knocked on my parents’ room and waited.  “Mom?” I said again.
I heard soft shuffling of feet from the inside and then the door opened.
“Pyper!” my mother said.  Then she hugged me.
“I’m okay now.  No more fever,” I said.  My mom still felt my forehead as if I would lie to her, but I guess all mothers are like that — protective of their kids.  She looked relieved when she got her confirmation that my fever was gone.
“Yes, but you can’t wander about,” she said in a rushed tone.  “Come, I’ll put you back to bed.”
“How long has it been since I passed out?” I asked.
“Four days.  We were worried.  But yesterday, your temperature returned to normal, and our guess was that you’ll be okay in a day or two — and now, here you are,”  she said, relieved.  She turned toward me and gestured to the bed.
I obeyed her and sat down.  Four days.  That means I’m still not too late for the festival.  Today is the fifth day, and I can still attend.  But how will I go to the palace? I need to leave now and find Kino or Mayo.  I’m sure they can work out something so that I can join them in the journey.
“Lie back down, Pyper,” mother said.
I have to leave the house.  I hope I can.  Soon.  It will take me three to four hours to reach Kanela… and the school will be another thirty minutes… if I don’t leave anytime soon, I won’t be able to join them.
“I’m hungry, mom,” I said.  It wasn’t a lie.  My stomach was complaining.
Laren nodded.  “Yes, of course.  Wait here and I’ll grab you something to eat.”
When my mother went out, I headed to my closet and changed my clothes into something that I will be comfortable in as I blend in the forest later.  I have no time to take a shower.  Instead, I stripped off my clothes and rubbed my body with a piece of damp cloth.  Then I wore a buttoned shirt, a long-hooded jacket and cotton pants, all in earth colors.  After I finished, I lie down in the bed and covered myself with a blanket.  I just need to eat and start running away as soon as possible.
In a few minutes, my mother returned carrying a tray of fresh fruits.  There were also some beef jerky and boiled eggs.  I took one egg and ate.
I never realized how hungry I was until after a few minutes when I saw that half of the food on the tray is gone.  Now, all I need is the fresh fruit juice and my strength will be back.
My mother must have noticed that I was eating like there’s no tomorrow.
“Easy, Pyper,” she said.  “I think that’s enough for now.”
Then without even asking me, she took the tray in front of me and went out.  Why would she put a full tray in front of me if she doesn’t want me to finish it?
I waited for the lights outside my room to go off.  It will be my signal to leave the tree house.
Unfortunately, my mother went back inside my room.  She kissed me on the forehead.
“Sleep now, little one,” she said.  “I’ll get a bunk and sleep in your room too.  In case you need something —”
“No!”  I panicked.
My mother looked at me, confused, “Why?”
“I’m okay, mom,” I said.  “Don’t worry, I’ll call you and knock on your door in case I get a temperature again.”
My mother looked concerned, but she nodded.
“Okay, but just yell in case there’s anything you need.  Your father’s also tired so I want to assist him in case he wakes early.”  She leaned and kissed me once more.
“Night, mom,” I whispered as she closed the door.
I counted to a hundred before I slowly moved out of the bed, wore my sandals, and tiptoed toward the window.  I looked outside and nobody seemed to be awake yet.  Regardless, to be safe, I turned myself invisible.  Then I leaned out the window, my arms reaching for the vine that I always keep ready for emergencies.  When I found it, I pushed myself up on the sill, and then I breathed in and leapt, clutching the vine in my hands.  I landed with my feet softly touching the ground for a millisecond before I rolled down to break the fall.  I looked around and since no one seemed to have seen me, I stood up and ran as fast as I could toward the secret passage to Kanela.

Chapter 34 - Kino Amark

I feel like a fool wearing a silver cape over my black trousers and shirt.  This is ridiculous, especially since my power is a sham, but it’s what Professor Leban instructed me to wear.
My classmates have started arriving, but I still couldn’t find Mayo.
On the school grounds, the two carriages that will take us to the palace may be seen.  One is reserved for the students while the other will carry our companions, in case our parents or Elders would want to join the journey to the palace.  
For the other kids who have money, they won’t be riding the carriages with us and instead, will go straight to the palace riding their family-owned services.
I counted about twenty heads waiting for the call to ride the carriages.  Mayo isn’t around, which is odd because he usually comes in early if there’s an event in school.  He loves festivities and for days, he usually won’t have any other topic to talk about except for them.
I heard half the class laughing, and I turned to see for whom the laughter was directed at.  A fat Mayo is walking toward me.  He is all smiles at everyone even though they were teasing him.  And who wouldn’t?  He decided to dress up as a watermelon.  Only his head showed on top of his costume.  His hands stuck out to his sides.  He’s perfectly round.
I grinned at him.  “Nice costume,” I said.
Mayo grinned at me too.  “The emperor will not have a hard time guessing my power once he sees my costume.”  He eyed what I was wearing and said, “Look at you all dashing in your cape.” 
I pushed him playfully.  “Shut up,” I said, still smiling. 
I looked down and saw a familiar set of footsteps beside Mayo.  My eyes may have widened because Mayo turned around too and tried to see what it was that I was looking at.  
He nudged me on the ribs and asked, “Is it Pyper?”
I nodded, smiling.  “Pyper?”
“It’s me,” she said in a hushed tone.  “You have to sneak me inside the carriage.”
“Don’t worry, I have it all figured out,” Mayo said.  I looked at him, and he wasn’t kidding.  He pushed a button on his belt where a watermelon’s waist is supposed to be, and the costume cracked open.  It swung and sure enough, there’s a hollow space beside his body.  There were extra holes at the bottom for Pyper’s legs.
“You see this space?” he asked.  “This is where you will scoot.  Come on, I have thought it over,” he said proudly.
If I could see Pyper’s face, I would have guessed that she was smiling as widely as I.
“This is brilliant, Mayo,” I said.  “Even if the other kids bump against Pyper, they will think it’s your bulging self.”
“Hey, easy on your words — bulging is a bit harsh,” he joked.
I laughed.  “Sorry,” I said guiltily.  “I’m so happy to see you, er, not see you, Pyper.”
She laughed softly.  “So nice to see both of you,” she paused.  “Now, remember, when you’re about to move an object, make sure it’s within my reach — and that I can lift it.  Otherwise, we’ll have a hard time convincing the emperor about your power,” she warned.
“Nothing to worry about,” I said.
“Down to bullies!”  Mayo shouted, and we laughed as we entered the carriage.
We sat at the farthest corner so that we won’t attract any attention.  All around us, my classmates were also excited.  The sounds of happy chattering surrounded us.
Randall is dressed in long black robes, and he’s wearing glasses.  Perhaps the look of a scholar is what he’s going for.  I think his costume is perfect for his power, which is read books even if the covers are closed.  I bet he can cheat during exams.  What a neat, neat trick.
In front of me, I caught sight of Nicola and smiled at her.  She looked as jubilant as the rest of us.  She’s wearing a simple dress, and she had on a straw hat.  Beside her, there’s a hoe.  Oh, brilliant, she’s posing as a farmer because of her power to grow seeds.
The others are dressed extravagantly and in very lively colors too.  Some of my classmates are wearing only pants, their torsos bore nothing but tattoos.  
Everybody is positively glowing, and the hype is so contagious that I found myself grinning even though I had protested about having to wear a cape to the festival.  And a silver one at that.  For the first time since I entered schooling, this is the only time that I felt I belong.
The carriage started moving, and Mayo pushed me a bit.  The lurch of the carriage sent me pressing against Pyper’s invisible body.
“Wait up,” someone shouted from the school ground.  We looked outside the window to see who it was.
Professor Leban.  
“Not without me,” he grinned and winked at all of us as soon as he’s inside the carriage.
“He’s very handsome,” Pyper whispered.
“What?”  Mayo and I said in unison. Pyper only giggled.
“Onward to the palace!” Professor Leban yelled.  And then we broke into a song.  

Chapter 35 - The Twins

A small, fat boy, who has seen the same number of moon-turns as I, followed me.  As usual, he is smiling, but his eyes were blank that it’s hard to imagine what he could be thinking.  Sometimes he frustrates me so, just like now and once again I asked the gods why they made my twin brother this way.
“Faster, Miroe,” I urged.  I want to attend the Akean Wine Festival to watch the display of powers of children who will be anointed citizens.  In addition to that, food is free during the entire celebration, and all provinces come to participate, serving their delicacies and specialties.  My stomach grumbled after I think of the cakes baked by the palace bread masters.  “We have to be there on time.”
Miroe Pasap kept on walking after me like he didn’t hear what I said.  I shook my head in frustration.  It could be the sun’s heat that’s setting my temper flaring.  Usually I just let him be — even if it means that we’ll be slowed down.  But today’s the festival and I can’t miss it.  
For as long as I can remember, my brother and I kept on moving from province to province, trying to learn about our powers.  But there was nobody to take us in.  And I couldn’t entirely blame those that we approached and asked.  I could work on the farm, but with my brother looking the way he did… I shook my head in dismay and walked forward again.
When I looked back, I saw that Miroe had sat down and was holding a bird in his hands.  He was giggling, and a drizzle of saliva kept on coming out of his mouth.  Even if he’s my brother and I love him, sometimes, he disgusts me.
“Release the bird, Miroe,” I shouted.  That’s another thing.  I have to shout at him so that I could catch his attention.  There were better days when he would understand all the things I say regardless of the manner I spoke them, but more often than not, I would have to talk loudly.
His blank eyes turned to look at me.  He gave me a wider smile and then dropped the bird to the ground.  To my horror, the bird is no longer moving.
I moved toward it and crouched down.  “Stop playing with its heart —”
He giggled.  “Keep the bird safe,” he mumbled.
“You’re not making the bird safe, you’re killing it,” I said.
I held the bird in my hands and closed my eyes.  When I opened them, the bird’s wings were already flapping against my hands.  I released it and watched the bird soar.  Free again.
Miroe giggled.  “Festival, Goemi?” he asked.
I nodded, and I smiled.  Today he remembered my name.  My heart softened, and I move forward to wipe the drool from his mouth using his shirt.  “Let’s go.”
I wish I could stop him from using his power.  It’s hard enough that his power works in the negative.  But for someone who has the wits of a toddler to have that power — it’s just cruel of the gods.  That’s why I couldn’t leave him alone — not that I ever would.  My power complements his.  Miroe can freeze a heart even without touching a person or an animal.  Once he does that, I’m the only one who can make the heart beat again.  I have to touch the person or the animal immediately, within a span of an hour, otherwise, I couldn’t do anything more to revive the heart.  That’s the limit of my power.  No matter how fabulous it is, it can only be used to reverse what my twin has done.  
I held out my hand to him, and he looked at it.  I moved it in front of his face and he giggled, and then he took my hand.  If I want us to move faster, I’d better guide him as we walk.
The bird chirped and hovered above us one more time before it totally left us.  So free — in a way, we are like it too.  Except that for humans, when nobody else cares for you, life could be much harder.
Chapter 36 - The Akean Wine Festival

Lamare Amark
The carriage sent by Wind is already waiting for me outside the cottage.  I took one quick look at the mirror before finally heading out.  My eyes are sunken due to lack of sleep and to my horror, they’re also red, but there’s nothing I can do about them anymore.  
Kino is already in school.  He told me that today’s the Akean Wine Festival and I had to smile at him.  Of course I know what today is.  I hope that this moon-turn, he will not attend again.  He had stopped going three moon-turns ago when realization dawned on him that he has no powers.  Truth is scathingly harsh, and to a boy, it meant incessant bullying from his classmates.
Don’t worry, Kino, I thought.  After today, if my plan works out, we’ll go home tonight, pack our things, and start traveling to Nivaton.
I decided that there’s no place more suitable for him than Nivaton, after all, he is a Nivan.  I can bear the pain of seeing memories of Timbukte, at least to deal with them one day at a time.  I’m sure they will fade as Kino and I start anew.
The soldier opened the carriage and I went inside.  It’s going to be another bumpy ride, but it’s not going to wipe away the smile on my face.
Oh gods, I pray that my plan would work.  Since today was the Akean Wine Festival, Wind will be preoccupied, and he may overlook it… I hope.  I can only hope.
In case he realizes what I’m up to, then it could mean my death.  But I’m sure he wouldn’t risk losing me yet.  At worst, he’s going to send me to the dungeons.
I slept the entire ride to the palace and only the sounds of trumpets being blown, their cacophony piercing through the carriage walls, roused me from my slumber.
The carriage stopped, and I looked outside before alighting.  The main streets of the palace are filled with carriages, and it’s already difficult to squeeze in.  There are banners all around, the main yard is cleared out, and the audience from all over Akea has gathered.  The hot weather is made more exhausting by the citizens pouring in.
The food carts are already up and open to offer food to the Akeans.  The colorful dresses and shirts pass and dance in front of me like a long river of jubilation.  Not even the heat prevented the High Houses from donning several layers of court coats; posterity defined the values of the lords.
The big wooden basin is already setup on the right of the presentation stage and there were several men pouring grapes to the basin.
I started walking, and several merchants handed me free samples of their trade, which I graciously declined.  I have only one goal for today, and not even the beautiful silk dresses that the merchants brought on display could push me astray from my goal.
The festival is about to start, perhaps in an hour or two, which gives me exactly that much time to spend with Wind.  I have to hurry.
“Lamare,” I heard a familiar voice say.
Dogan stood right in front of me, wearing what I can only presume is his best armor.  The brass was polished to a shine, and the plumes in his helmet were all dancing in the air — a beautiful combination of orange and blue — the Royal colors of the Amark bloodline.
“Dogan,” I said, nodding.
The soldier that was initially escorting me turned around, and let Dogan take me to Wind.
The noise of the celebration’s preparations is still loud even as I move away from the palace yard and enter the lobby.  The trumpets kept on blaring, and the drums continued rolling.  The laughter mixed with shouts, and loud bickering trailed after me.  The dancing on the yard as a prelude to the festival has started too.
“How did it go with the emperor?” I asked.
Dogan smirked.  “It could have been worse,” he said.  “The usual stuff, but he’s too busy to even realize that I was gone for more than a day.”
Right.  The festival is a convenient cover.
When I reached the chamber’s door, Dogan stopped.  “Are you ready?” he asked.
I looked up at him.  Do I tell him? Can I trust him?
I nodded.  “I am,” I said with a little more conviction in my voice.
“I’ll watch your back,” he said before he moved away to let me pass.
Sol Dugress
This time, I will not let myself be caught.  I tried to be angry so that the calmness that is my person will be shrouded.  If I’m calm, Wind senses my presence because he knows that I’m the only one who can calm him.
To disguise myself, I had to ask a servant to bring me several cups of diced bell peppers.  True, it was very, very spicy, and I wasn’t able to finish one cup.  But my face is already burning hot and my heart is beating rather fast.  Oh, the things I do for love.
The chamber that Wind used to receive Lamare has two doors.  The one is the main entrance where Dogan stands guard while the other one serves as an adjoining entrance to a room that Wind calls the war room.  It is where he meets with the War Generals for strategies in case there are uprisings in Akea.
Today, it will still serve its purpose since I’m hiding here because of my plot to learn about the meetings with Lamare.
From a peephole, I saw Wind in his throne.  His face is calm, and he’s wearing the red robes, which is what the emperor dons on major festivities and events like today, when the full turning of the moons will be celebrated.
He looks handsome even with his face bearing the semblance of impatience.  Well, there’s nothing new in that.  He’s always been like a storm that is his namesake.
The door opened bringing in Lamare to my full view.  Her hair is pulled back in a bun this time, not the usual fashion that she wears it where she lets it loose or in a braid.
Dogan came in next and then closed the doors behind him.
“Your Grace,” Lamare said.
Wind went down his throne and took the scroll from Lamare’s hand.  She was kneeling in front of him.  The emperor is quite a proud man.
He opened the scroll and glanced at it from top to bottom as if looking for — or counting — something.
“Good, you completed the days,” he said in a voice that’s so cold it cooled down my burning cheeks.  Then he sat back in his throne.  “You may rise,” he said.
Dogan is quick.  As soon as Wind said those words, Dogan moved and brought a chair toward Lamare, which she graciously accepted.  It seemed like he was smiling at her.  Is there something going on between these two?
Now, what should I observe? There’s nothing here really.  I wish they would just talk so I could listen in on their conversation.  Please somebody speak, I want to yell at all of them.  My head is in a rage, thank gods the bell pepper worked!
“What is this? Remove this line — this is preposterous,” Wind said.
Lamare is immediately on her feet.  “My apologies, Your Grace,” she said meekly.  “Is there anything in particular that you want me to say in this part?” she asked.
Oh please, please, say something.
“Let me remind you the rules, Lamare,” he said.  “One, I don’t wish to spoil Akeans by raising minimum wage.  What good will it do? They will be lazy.”
Lamare blanched.
“Two, no repetitions within a month… that was clear.  And yet, you wrote another flooding in Derella? Have you lost your mind?”
“My apologies, Your Grace,” she said.
“I don’t accept your apologies — correct them.  Or do you really want to see your bastard dead?”
I caught my breath.  That was harsh, and I can tell that it cut at Lamare too.  Even that ugly soldier seemed to feel something stir in his chest because he frowned.  Wind should be careful of him.  Dogan may be in his payroll, but his loyalty could belong to someone else.
“It won’t happen again, Your Grace,” she said.
What is wrong with this picture? Last time Lamare was here, she seemed to grow courage.  But now, why is she cowering again? I don’t understand.
What did Wind mean when he mentioned flooding in Derella? Particularly, when he said another flooding in Derella?
“I don’t have much time to spend on this… Don’t waste my time,” Wind said.
Lamare nodded nervously.  Dogan brought her a small desk; he opened the top panel and fished out an ink bottle and a feather pen.  He moved in such an efficient manner that to me, the scene almost seemed rehearsed.  So this is how the meetings go.
Lamare’s hands are shaking as she edited the scroll.  When she finished with the edits, she handed the scroll back to Wind.
For thirty minutes, Wind just read the scroll, and there were no other sounds.  This is probably the most mundane spying I have ever done in my life.  And I couldn’t crack the puzzle.  What is so important?
I rested my back on the wall and waited for movements inside the chambers.  There were no other sounds.  I stretched my legs in front of me and slowly massaged my ankles in a circular motion.
“Brilliant!”  Wind’s voice boomed.
I moved quickly toward the peephole again.  Wind looked satisfied, and Lamare looked as if she’s ready to faint any minute.
“The volcanoes of Karis Thia are to erupt…”  Wind said, almost in reverence.  “I never saw this coming, Lamare.”
Lamare was looking at him, shooting daggers with her eyes.
I don’t understand! This is so frustrating that I want to tear at my flesh because I itch to know why.
Wind continued reading and no other words were spoken.
I sat back against the door and waited.  Minutes pass, and then from the bottom of the door, I saw some sparks, some illusion of burning light coming from the chambers.  I looked through the peephole once more and saw what Wind is doing.  He is burning the scroll, a small dose of lightning oozing out of his fingertips.  It touched the words that Lamare wrote, burning them.
Why? I still don’t understand.  There are no clues except that Wind got mad when he asked Lamare about flooding in Derella… Then the volcanoes erupting in Karis Thia.  It doesn’t make any sense.  Then I watched as the last word burned.  
Even from where I was hiding, I could see relief wash over Lamare’s face.
“By your leave, Your Grace,” Lamare said.
Wind only nodded.
“Dogan, call the guards, we will go to the palace yards.  Let the golden bell toll.  Announce that I’m coming,” Wind said.
“Yes, Your Grace,” Dogan said, bowing halfway; and then he walked after Lamare.
Lamare Amark
It is done.  I can’t believe it.  He didn’t notice.  I was right.  By creating a fuss in the first part of the scroll, one that will surely catch his attention, other matters became minute.  And when he was going through the scroll, burning each word to make them true, my heart thumped inside my chest.  
The gods must be smiling down on me today.  There are times that I felt like they have forsaken me, but today — no — not today.  They have given me my wish, and this is cause for celebration.
Now all I have to do is go home, pack our stuff, and take Kino with me to Nivaton immediately.
I saw Dogan as he went out of the chambers.  He glanced my way once, and I don’t know what he’s thinking.  He came to call the guards and went back inside to escort Wind, together with a dozen other guards.
The carriage that brought me to the palace waited outside.  It dawned on me.  Since I presume that Kino is now free… and we are going to hide in Nivaton… then this is probably the last time that I’ll set foot in this palace… in my home.  Or what used to be my home.
I turned around, already nostalgic.  I have to see it once again in all its glory.  The palace stood high and with the flags of all the fourteen lands blowing in the air, it was such a sight to take.  The palace is old and the walls looked the part; regardless, it only adds up to its majestic bearing, making people awed by its stability, by its strength.
The yards pan for hectares.  The trees litter the sides of the main walks.  The guards were scattered all over the palace.  And the main yard where the Akean Wine Festival is celebrated is now filled with Akeans, all waiting for the emperor to come out.  They were holding tiny flags bearing their provinces’ symbols and waving them in the air.
Today is certainly a day for celebration, not only for Kino and me, but for the rest of Akeans as well.
My eyes moistened from memories that the palace brought back — oh, father... Northsam.
I wish he were still here.
I rubbed at the corner of my eyes to prevent the tears from falling down.  Lately, I’ve been crying too frequently.  I laughed to myself.  Now that I’m older, I shouldn’t be such a cry-baby.
My throat constricted from too much emotion burning inside my chest.  I won’t attend the festival anymore although I wish I could see it one last time.  
I turned toward the palace gates again and saw the soldier waiting for me.  He had the door of the carriage opened.  I smiled at him and tried to take a mental image of his face, something I can bring with me together with my buckets of memories.
Lamare Aristin Amark, Princess of Akea, Descendant of Amark bloodline, Eldest of Northsam is not even honored in people’s mind as a memory.  The thought burns even as I prepare to go home.
Then I took one step up.  I was about to take another one, but the noise from an oncoming carriage stopped me.
Two large carriages halted, and then the doors opened.  I saw Professor Leban as he alighted the carriage.  Then he turned facing the door and guided the students as one by one, they descended.
I hope Kino didn’t come.  I didn’t get the chance to say goodbye earlier because my head is exploding with all kinds of emotions, mostly anxiety.
The last to come down is a boy dressed in a watermelon costume, my son’s friend, Mayo.  He had a hard time squeezing out the carriage door.  Finally, he stepped down, and I breathed in relief.  I stepped up the carriage and sat down, hearing the whips as they lashed at the horses.  The carriage started moving.  For memories, I glanced back again to the palace, to the carriages, and — 
I caught a glimpse of a black-clad boy with silver cape come down.  He turned around and ran after the watermelon boy, smiling.  When I saw his face, my heart stopped beating.  Kino!
“Stop!”  I yelled at the soldier driving the carriage I’m riding.  The wheels screamed as the carriage pulled to a stop.  I pushed the doors and came out running after my boy.  He is tall so it would be easy to spot him, but the crowd has taken him in that I have to tiptoe just to see where I’m going.  
I pushed and squeezed myself in the crowd, hoping I could get to Kino in time.
Pyper San Diego
When I make sudden movements, the left side of my head still hurts.  The wound has scabbed and I have no more fever, but running and brisk walking for several hours reminded me that I have not entirely healed.
When I entered the palace grounds, I was amazed.  It’s a good thing that I was invisible because if I weren’t, I think Mayo and Kino would tease me about my eyes as they widened in surprise at Kanelan Palace’s grandiosity.
It started when the carriage pulled to a stop, and I looked out the window and caught a glimpse of the crowd.  There are so many people loitering about wearing their best clothes that I felt out of place in my cotton shirts and pants.  
When my feet hit the paved paths toward the palace, I felt a different sensation inside my chest, the excitement burst and I could not stop looking around.
There seems to be all sorts of races here today.  The dark skinned people of Lacay islands are on one side of the palace yards.  I only identified them to be from Lacay because of the flag that rose behind their seats.  Opposite them, the fair skinned and tall Minnowines were seated.  They were behaved, and there seemed to be little excitement on their side.  They must be a pretty boring bunch.
I ignored the other people because by the time that Mayo and I were halfway walking the path, the parade of peddlers came to view.  They are pushing carts that contain different delicacies.  I guess the food they are offering the people is also representative of their provinces’ food delights.  The best part of it is that all of the food is free.
Mayo pulled at the costume and I followed him.  He took two chewy berries dipped in thick cocoa, and I licked my lips in anticipation thinking that he will give me the other one.  Instead, he put both inside his mouth and took another two more.
Inside the costume, I pinched his side, and he yelped and remembered me.
“Oops, sorry,” he said.  Then he took another one, and when no one was looking, I took the chewy berry from his hands.
Delicious!
I looked at Kino who was busily checking out the cart of drinks.  He took three bottled drinks and handed one to Mayo who grinned at him.  The other one I assumed was for me, but he was discreet and didn’t hand it to me immediately.  When we were lost again in the crowd, I managed to get the bottle from him.  As soon as my hand touched the bottle, it turned invisible, and I drank heartily.
Then Professor Leban, I heard Mayo call him that, pushed us toward the seats for the presenters and I squeezed beside Mayo.  I glanced around me one more time, marvelling at the place.  Whether my head throbs in pain or not, the experience of being here, of being part of the world, is worth it.  The Akean Wine Festival is the embodiment of the turning of the moons.  No wonder Mayo was so excited to go.  Fabulous is not even the right term to describe how majestic the celebration is.  
The trumpets continued blaring.  To the right side, I saw the crowd part as a group of people walked by.  I caught sight of soldiers and wondered who could be heading toward the palace stage.  I saw a line of soldiers push forward.  Their armors shine even brighter than the newly minted coin I took from Kino.  I’m so amazed that I had to literally push my chin up to close my mouth.
I love it here in mainland Akea.  I wish… I wish we were once again part of it.
Dogan Ronda
“Your Grace,” I bowed in front of the emperor.  “The guards are here.  Let us start with the ceremony,” I said.
The emperor didn’t acknowledge what I said.  Instead, he started walking.  The soldiers took their positions and enclosed him in a circle.  We are here to protect him.
Up ahead, I think I saw a small woman pushing at the crowd.  Lamare? What could she still be doing here?
If her plan worked the way she told me that she’d readied for, then why is she still here?
The crowd parted before us and in a few minutes, we were already on-stage.  I took my position in front of the emperor.  Half the soldiers did the same while the other half fell behind him.  Now that I have donned on my armor, I’m once again Dogan Ronda, the emperor’s human armor, his Man-Shield.
The other soldiers were wary too.  I can see it in their movements, in the way they scout the area.  They may not be moving, but their eyes are as sharp as an eagle’s.  In the crowd, the other Palace Soldiers were scattered, all oblivious to any commotion, standing ready to pacify any outrage that may break.
The War Generals that are still in Kanela are also gathered around.  What makes me calm is the knowledge that in this crowd, the Cross Soldiers are also dispersed.  It is difficult to identify one because he doesn’t wear the same uniform and armor that war soldiers do.  Their identities remain a secret, and they stand ready to protect the emperor too.
The golden bell tolled, once, twice — at the third time it stopped.  Everybody rose.
Tiran Aragre moved forward and spoke.  “Dear Akeans, we are gathered today for the Akean Wine Festival.  We welcome the turning of the moons as do we the young people of the land who are bound to become citizens in a while.”
Then the golden bell tolled again.  Only once this time.
The emperor moved forward and gestured to the women on his right.  They knelt in front of him, and then one by one, they removed the cloaks covering them.  Fourteen scantily clothed women entered the wooden basin to dance atop the grapes so that their feet could crush the fruits.  And they will dance until the ceremony was over.  The only thing that changed in the crushing of the grapes is the women’s dresses.  It used to be that they wore flowing white robes albeit sheer.  But since Wind was declared the emperor, the dress became more revealing, the robe stopping just below the bottom.  The sleeves were removed and the remaining cloth left little to the friggin’ imagination anymore.  Not that I’m complaining.
The emperor began in a loud voice, “The moons have completed their turns, and Akeans have once again been claimed.  With a new set of extraordinary blood, Akea can’t bleed.  Time turns; there will be challenges ahead —” 
At that moment, the emperor continued and I listened.  The words were the same, as old as Akea itself, for it was tradition.
When he was finished with the opening ceremony, the palace staff guided the crowd and motioned for them to sit down.  Everybody did.
Tiran, the emperor’s Advisor stepped forward.  “And now, what we have all been waiting for, the presentation of Akea’s children, to be honored as citizens.”
The drums rolled, the trumpets blared, and the golden bell tolled.  The festival has officially opened.
A girl wearing a sundress and a straw hat moved forward and bowed down.  The emperor nodded at her.
The girl danced around a small area, lifting her arms up in the air, and spinning on her toes.  Then she stooped and took the hoe.  She danced once more, repeating the steps, but this time holding the hoe with both hands.  At the end of the steps, she threw down the hoe and cracked the ground open.  The crowd went silent, all waiting for what she will do next.  
Then the girl lifted her hands and showed the emperor the seeds that she was holding, all the while dancing the same steps that she performed earlier.  At the end of it, she threw the seeds and patted the ground.
The dancing went on for another minute, and it became friggin’ monotonous.  I guess the crowd got bored too because they started to make some noise again.
But then the girl ended her dance differently this time.  She tapped her toes in front of her, making rhythmic sounds, then she clicked her heels together, and in one fluid motion, she bent sideways and pointed to where she put the seeds.
The crowd fell silent that I swear I could almost hear the little girl’s breathing as she stopped dancing.  Then the most amazing thing happened, the seeds started to sprout, and when they were a foot tall, stopped growing.  The girl was beaming as the crowd rallied and cheered.
“Nicola Gascon, Your Grace,” she said.  “A resident of Kanela, Hollo village.”  She knelt down and waited for the emperor to nod before she stood up and went to the palace staff maintaining the books of citizens.
This time a boy moved forward.  There was no lavish display of his power.  He just stood in front of us and sang.  It was the most beautiful voice I’ve heard, and the crowd fell silent again.  He is from Lacay Islands.
Hundreds of children came here today to register their powers.  It would go on and on for a few more days.
The presentations burn at me because some of the powers are too good to be true, and well, mine is — never mind.
I hope the days pass by soon so I won’t have to friggin’ envy these kids.
Kino Amark
From where I’m sitting, I could see all the kids displaying their power.  I have forgotten how grand it was to see the Akean Wine Festival.
When I was younger and still believed that a power could develop in me, I wished that it would be a good one, something that I can be proud of.
I even promised the gods that I will not boast about my power, just give me one that’s really, really fantastic.  I used to dream that I could be one who can run fast.  It may not be too powerful, but it was a practical one.  I would have loved that.
As the moon-turns went by and I neared the age for presentation as a citizen, I lost hope and prayed to the gods to grant me a power.  This time, I did not give any qualifications.  Anything — I remembered begging as I prayed — anything will do.
But it did not come.  So I stopped going to the festival because it only breaks my heart.  It’s bad to be envious of others, but I couldn’t help it.
Even now, sitting here beside Mayo and Pyper, I know that this is all a sham, and if ever I get caught, I don’t know — this humiliation will be worse than death.
But then again, Lamare and I will run away soon so I just shrug it off.
Mayo stood up and pressed the button of his belt.  “I have to go,” he said.  “I’ll be next.”
It means that he’s letting Pyper out of his costume.
The girl who presented is from Ameres and the crowd erupted in cheers as she made paper planes fly and roam the palace yards for almost three minutes.  It was pretty amazing.
“Excuse me,” Mayo said as he moved forward.
On my left, Pyper pressed against me so she wouldn’t occupy a lot of space.  I squeezed her hand so that in case she’s nervous, she would know that we’re in this together.  She squeezed my hand back.
Mayo knelt in front of the emperor and started moving around.  He jiggles his costume so it shook.  The crowd laughed.  Then from one of the holes of the watermelon costume, an apple fell.
“Oops,” he said.  Then he picked it and closed his eyes.  Right in front of us, the red apple turned purple.  He bit it.  “As juicy as ever, but no bad components.”
“What bad components?” the crowd murmured.
“Bad components that can make people fat?” someone from the crowd yelled.
Laughter filled the court yard and Mayo blushed.  He continued his jiggling until this time, a pear fell down.  He did the same, and then bit it.
When he finished, he said in a loud voice, “Mayo Calo, Your Grace.  From Kanela, Turona village.”
The emperor moved forward in his throne, “Calo?”
“Yes, Your Grace,” Mayo said.
“You are General Calo’s son?”
This time, Mayo smiled proudly, “Yes, Your Grace.”
“Oh, too bad he isn’t around to watch your shameful power on display,” the emperor said.
The crowd went silent.  If ever any among us did not like what he said, and I’m pretty sure a lot of us didn’t, we just remained silent.
Mayo blushed as he bowed down once more and moved toward the book keeper.
“I’m sorry about that,” Pyper whispered in my ear.
I nodded and squeezed her hand.  “Me too,” I said.
Mayo Calo
I’m glad my presentation is finished.  Even if the crowds laughed at me, I think that they felt sorry for me too because at the end of the presentation, the emperor mocked me.
Why was he so cruel? I’m just a kid.  And my father, yes, he wasn’t darned proud about my power, but I’m sure he wouldn’t find it shameful.  Especially once I get to become a War General like him.
Kino is looking at me from the corner of his crazy eye, but I didn’t turn to look at him.  He’s wondering if I’m okay.  I am — a bit.  And besides, I’m sure everybody here except for my classmates will not remember my presentation.
“You can stop looking at me, I’m okay,” I said.
Kino smiled.  “Good.”  He is watching the girl in front as she presented her power.  “It’s wonderful, you know,” he said.  “Your power is so unique; it will have a good use in the future.”
He was patronizing me.  “Oh, shut up.”  I pouted and watched the little girl too.
When it was over, a court servant signalled for Kino to stand up.  I looked at him and saw as he gulped.  He’s nervous, I assume.  And well, he has every right to be.  He has no power, and it’s just something that we concocted.  I hope it works out.
“Wish me luck,” Kino whispered.
“To stop the bullying,” I returned, then raised my hand in the air to show him my support.
The crowd moved to let him pass, and then he was at the center.  I can’t see where Pyper is, but I’m sure that she is very, very close to him.
Lamare Amark
When Mayo presented, I knew where I would find Kino and sure enough, after Mayo’s presentation, he sat back beside Kino.  Now all I have to do is go where he’s sitting and pull him out.  We have to leave now.
I’m only a few rows back, and it will still take me a few more minutes to get to him.  The crowd has not thinned since the celebration started, and if I’m not mistaken, I think it has grown bigger instead.  I can’t make big movements lest the guards take me for an assassin.  I can’t risk that.  It’s bad enough that I’m still in the palace grounds.
When I was near Kino, to my surprise, he stood up and walked forward.  I was rooted to the spot.  What is he doing? Is he going to present himself?
But how? He didn’t know that the bind holding his power was broken.
 Did he suddenly feel it wash over him? Did he get a weird feeling that something changed? And yet, he couldn’t have known that I was about to release him from the bond… He doesn’t even know about the bond.
What is happening?
Kino knelt in front of Wind, and my heart thudded loudly.  I can’t watch this.  But I have to see… what in gods’ names will Kino do?
“Rock,” Kino said.  Then he raised his right arm upward.  To his front, I saw a rock slowly float.  His hand’s and the rock's movements were synchronized.
He can make things move with his hands?
The crowd cheered.  This is Distantekus.  No one has displayed this power in fifty moon-turns.  The last one who presented such power was Elder Tala.  And after that, nobody else.  It’s such a rare gift.  How?
My eyes widened in disbelief.  Even the palace guards were looking at him closely now.  I want to vanish that moment and take Kino with me.
To my horror, Wind moved forward in his throne, which is a bad sign because it means that he’s intrigued, and later on, when Kino mentions his name, it could only be chaos.
I choked on my breath, and my arms shook.
“Pebbles,” Kino said.  Then as he raised both arms, pebbles started floating in the air.  He opened his hands and gestured as if he were scattering the pebbles all around him, and to my amazement, the pebbles scattered around.
The crowd cheered louder.
Goodness! I looked around, trying to find a place where I could easily grab him and pull him out of all this havoc.  Dogan is watching him in amazement.  He knows that Kino has no power.
I moved to my right, to the place where the book keeper is seated.  Once the presentation is over, Kino will go there to register his name.
My eyes met Dogan’s and he was as shocked as I was.  Perhaps he saw that I’m scared because he nodded curtly at me.  I don’t know what it meant.
I prayed that the three minutes was over.  I can’t stand to watch all these… I started squeezing myself toward the book keeper.
“Rocks and pebbles,” Kino said as he gestured in a circular motion with his hands.  The rocks and pebbles danced in front of him, floating in mid-air.  Then he flicked his hands alternately, left then right, then left again, and one by one, pebbles and rocks dropped to the ground.
Finally, he pulled his hand backward and a rock moved toward him.  When it was inches above his palm, it stopped.
“Drop,” Kino said.  The rock dropped, and he caught it in his right hand.  He smiled at the spectators and raised his hand, showing off the rock for everyone to see, sending the crowd to cheer louder.
My son was beaming.  I had never seen him this happy before and my heart broke.
After a few seconds, he threw the rock upward, making it rise in the air for about ten yards.  It started falling, and when it was only two feet from the ground, the rock stopped, suspended in air.
All around me, the crowd went wild.
Kino waved his hand downward, and sure enough, the rock fell to the ground.
Finally, I reached the book keeper, making me several yards away from my son.  From there I could grab him, and afterward, we would run for our lives.
I was wrong.  I thought that the gods are in my favor today.  But no, they deserted me once again.  My chest felt heavy, my palms clammy.
I stood ready hoping that our feet won’t fail us as we run.
McWindStorm Arren
A lanky boy stood in front of me, and I waited a few seconds for him to rise on his feet and demonstrate his power.  I yawned, not caring about the proper decorum because I know what will be displayed next.  Perhaps he can dry the leaves.  Or dance really, really well.  Or bend backward to touch his toes.  
When he started though, it surprised me.  Distantekus.  That’s almost as strong as my power, and with a power like that, this boy could later on challenge me.
He drove the crowd crazy, and while I watched him, only one thought runs in my head — I have to make sure that this boy’s alliance to the palace will never waver.  He can’t go against me because if rebels will later on capitalize on his strength, the palace could have factions.  I may be able to tame him for a while, but the gods only know what he might think later on.  What if he becomes ambitious enough to want to rule Akea? If that happens, I’ll kill him.  Write him off Akean books.
Regardless, his power is still weak.  He can move small objects now, but I’m sure it will develop in the next moon-turns.  Elder Tala was only able to make ants line up on the ground with his power when he presented, and look at him now, a powerful ally to my rule.
I moved forward as soon as the crowd has silenced.  Before he could speak, I asked in a cold voice, “What’s your name?”
“I’m Kino, Your Grace,” he paused.  “Kino Amark.  From Wawang village,” he said.
My eyebrows shot up, but I refrained from showing any more emotion on my face.  “Amark?”
“Yes, Your Grace,” he said.
“And who is your mother,” I asked.  Already my heart started to beat fast.  The Amark bloodline is done for.  By marriage to Lamare, I stand as the last Amark.
Did my former wife trick me into releasing the bond? Did I burn words that will allow her bastard to become a citizen of Akea?
I looked around for significant movements in the crowd to try to spot Lamare.  But I couldn’t see her.  I had forgotten that she’s a small woman and looking for her in a crowd as large as this will be difficult.
I glanced at the book keeper and saw him writing on the Akean book.  My chest stopped beating.  That lazy old man! I told him not to write the names unless I have given my blessings to the presenters.  
“Lamare Amark, Your Grace,” the boy said.
I closed my eyes too terrified at the revelation.
What did I burn in the scrolls? Why was he released from the bond?
There was nothing different in the scrolls… there were disasters that I told Lamare to write down, horrid things I made her edit.  All in my favor.
But what about the closing of the scroll? Did she write them differently? She always ended each scroll with —  
“And my son, Kino, is as he always is, never a citizen of Akea, land of extraordinary powers.”
That ensures that her son will live but without power like Lamare and I agreed.
Lamare and I made that pact because her son is of Northsam’s blood, and once he grows of age, becomes strong in power, he could challenge me.  The old blood may sing, and my empire could go in ruins.  I can’t let that happen.
What did she write? I was busy thinking about the festival.  I thought there was something odd in what she wrote.  What was it? I couldn’t remember.
I opened my eyes and I saw everybody looking at me as if waiting for what I will say next, expecting nothing more than my usual blessings to the children.
Then looking at the crowd, at each face of the citizens, at their ordinary faces that don’t deserve to be standing in front of me, it came to me.
“And my son, Kino, is as he always is, an ordinary boy, not a citizen of Akea, land of extraordinary powers.”
She tricked me!
Being ordinary in Akea means that you will develop a power because that’s what ordinary means in this land.  And not being a citizen means that he could very well be.  She tricked me into releasing him by playing with words.
My face took on a rage, fury welling in my chest, and storm clouds gathering above me.  I raised my right hand and pointed at Kino.  The crowd whispered in hushed tones, seeing that the storm clouds were all of a sudden looming down upon us.
“Kill him,” I said in my coldest tone.
Pyper San Diego
I was nervous as I stepped in front of the emperor.  I have never seen him before, and if the stories I heard about him were true, then he is evil.
But I always have reservations in believing things that I did not learn directly.  That’s why looking at the emperor, I’m awed, in scrutiny of how he looks.  He scares me.  His hair’s the color of storm clouds, and his face, it’s handsome but with rugged features.  If he would look at me with those icy eyes, the hair on the back of my neck would rise.
When Kino started his presentation, I got nervous.  What if our movements are not in sync?  What if I lose control of my power?  That means that my body would flicker right in front of everybody’s eyes, and they would realize what a farce this all was.  A stampede could occur, and because I’m small, I think I could easily get crushed.
But when Kino started talking about rocks and pebbles, the act flowed through naturally.  It was easy to make the crowd believe that he really has power.  The last part was indeed beautiful, when he threw the rock upward.  I almost didn’t catch it because we didn’t rehearse, but at the last minute, I realized what he wanted to happen and I dove down, to catch the rock.  My knees pounded against the ground, and I was thankful for the noise the crowd brought that covered up my clumsiness.
When Kino introduced himself, the emperor’s stoic face was unmasked as surprise painted his face.  He closed his eyes, and the crowd got scared.  Who wouldn’t be when the storm clouds appeared so suddenly in the sky? I moved closer to Kino, knees shaking, fearing what would happen.
And then he ordered Kino’s death.
If anybody could see me, they could testify that I went pale, even with my gray skin.
I couldn’t move.  What would we do? 
I looked around, and nobody was moving.  The soldiers were all astonished too.
Seconds have passed while Kino and I stood in front of the emperor.  Time seemed to stop, and it felt like forever.
Then the crowd broke loose.  The soldiers started moving forward, walking slowly.  After all, what’s the rush? The one in front of them is just a boy.
I only wanted to stop the bullying of Kino’s classmates… which is why I suggested performing this act.  But dear gods, am I to bring death upon my friend?
A woman to our right shouted.
“Kino!” she yelled.
Kino and I turned at the same time.  I don’t know the woman, but someone wailing in the background displaying so much worry over Kino could only be his mother, Lamare.  She was pushing against a group of soldiers to get to where we are although it seemed an impossible feat.  
The emperor is standing, leering at Kino, never taking his eyes off him, as if instantly he could disappear.
I don’t understand his hatred, but his eyes are burning with a rage so strong that I got scared even more.
So I did what I do best.  I reached out and grabbed Kino’s hand and shared with him my power.  In the blink of an eye, he’s gone.
“What are we going to do?” he asked, panicked.  
“Run,” I said.
The soldiers were stunned.  The emperor cursed.
“Find him, you fools!”
“Lamare,” Kino said.  “We have to get to Lamare —”
I grasped his hand firmly, afraid that our connection would be broken.  If that happens, his body will be visible to everyone.
Lightnings shot out from the sky and the rumbling of thunder followed.  I ran faster, hoping to reach Lamare sooner.
Lamare is still fighting her way to where Kino vanished.  Only a few yards now and we would be beside her.  
If only I could make her invisible too.  But I can only turn one person at a time.
Kino and I kept on running.  Then to my amazement, before we reached Lamare, the soldiers guarding her tumbled down as if there are people pushing at them.  All around her, the crowd parted.  That’s the time that I noticed the gooey figures all around us.
“Pyper, run,” I heard a familiar voice say.
“Cogi?” I shouted.
“Yes.  Be fast.  We’ll hold the guards down,” he said.
Then to my horror, an ugly man riding a horse scooped Lamare and galloped away.  Such an ugly, ugly man.
“Mom!”  Kino shouted.  “No!”
He pulled me to run after Lamare.
I glanced all around me.  
“Cogi, please take watermelon boy.  He’s a friend,” I shouted and only hoped Cogi heard me.
“Got it.  To the secret passage,” Cogi said.
“Copy,” I shouted even though I’m not sure if he can still hear me.  Kino is running quickly, and my short legs could only do so much to keep up with him.  “Wait up,” I said.
Then the ground behind us erupted as lightning struck.  We were thrown upward, Kino’s hands tightened against mine, but the force was too strong that our hands lost connection.  “No!”  I shouted.
I landed with a loud thud on the ground, the pain that shot up my arm made me lose control over my power.  
I looked up and saw that the crowd has thinned.  All around me, dead bodies lay.  I cringed when I saw a child’s face peering at me through glazed eyes.  I struggled to stand up, and before I looked for Kino, I closed the girl’s eyes.  A straw hat was lying beside her.  I shivered.
“Pyper!”  Kino shouted.
I turned around and saw him several yards away.  The soldiers found him too.  I raced toward Kino, reeling in urgency to get to him first.
Kino started running toward me, and before the soldiers could take him, I had touched his hand, and we vanished together in the air.
“Run!”  I said.
“Faster, Pyper.  Dogan took my mom,” he said in anguish.
My heart thudded, but it wasn’t because I was worried about Lamare — the explosion — did Mayo and Cogi survive that? I prayed they did.
All around us, soldiers fell.  And I doubt if an Akean was able to figure out what was happening.  They didn’t know that Nivans are at the palace, shoving people away, clearing our path.
I ran as fast as I could and hope that I wouldn’t get in trouble with my father.
How did he find out where I was? The left side of my head started throbbing, but we don’t have the luxury to stop and rest.
Sol Dugress
The bell peppers gave me something to worry about because minutes after I listened in on Wind and Lamare’s conversation, my serene self is not yet back.  I had to stop at the kitchen and drink mint tea to make the burning sensation go away.
I downed almost a pitcher before the calm sensation returned to my body, and by then I was no longer able to witness the opening of the festivities.
I did not go on the stage to where Wind was, my late appearance would be too obvious.  Instead, I sat near the stage to where the wooden basin is placed.
I was only there to observe because today is a main event of the palace, and I have to make sure that all around me the place will be peaceful.
Then out of nowhere, this boy came and started his presentation.  I immediately sensed Wind tensing.  I watched his reaction, and true enough, I felt his rage growing.
By then I decided to move on stage beside Dogan.  Wind will need me more now.
When he closed his eyes and the storm clouds started appearing, my fear worsened.  He is furious.
I tried to reach out to him without moving physically and concentrated all of my powers on him.  In return, I received wounds in my back.  They throbbed and bled, but in spite of that, I wasn’t able to calm Wind.
When the ruckus started, I didn’t know who to attend to.  The crowd — do I calm them? Or do I stay beside Wind? He’s raging, and if I don’t want a disaster to happen, I would have to choose to stay beside Wind.
Without warning, lightnings shot from the sky hitting palace yards and sending explosions in the land.  The crowd shrieked and in a span of minutes, hundreds of bodies lay dead.  Thunder roared, but it was muted by the incessant wailing of the crowd.  Everywhere I look, Akeans were running.  Palace Soldiers were pacifying the people, but there were so many of them.
The kids are panicking, their professors leading them away from the stage.  All because of a boy!
Lightning struck in the presentation yard and bodies of soldiers, spectators, and children went flying everywhere.  I was thrown back to the stage and ended near Wind.  In front of me, dead bodies of kids who presented were scattered.  I stared in horror at their decapitated bodies.
I turned to look at Kino.  The boy was standing a second ago in front of us, and then he was gone.  What happened? Did he get lost in the crowd?
Then I felt Wind’s rage all the more, tearing at me.  I saw who his hatred was for.  Lamare.
She fought the soldiers holding her body.  Then all around her, people fell down.  Was that her power? But from my recollection, she’s as fragile as a child.  How in the world…?
And then all hell broke loose as I watched a hulking figure scoop Lamare up his horse and gallop away, soldiers chasing after them.
But like magic, some of the soldiers tumble down.
It grew misty all around me and I looked at Wind.  He’s summoning the clouds.  He’s going to ride them.  
But what for? Is he going to kill Lamare?  Why?  I never saw her do anything bad?  It was just the scrolls.  And if my memory serves me right she only wrote things that he asked of her.
So, Lamare couldn’t be bad.
The clouds started to gather around Wind’s feet, and any minute now, he would rise in the air to pursue Lamare.
Do I let him? 
The clouds started to thicken, gradually solidifying.  
I can’t dally anymore.  This is my only chance.  I can’t let the man I love murder someone, not even if it meant wounds crisscrossing my back, which is what happens every time I calm Wind.  As if the rage that I take from him in place of calmness needed to ooze out of my body — and it’s my back that would suffer in scars.
Finding an ounce of courage, I threw myself at Wind, summoning all the calmness that I could take in.  Then I pressed myself against his back, transferring all the calmness, good memories, beautiful sightings that are in my memory.  He struggled against me, and I felt like my back is being hit by a thousand whips, burning with each lash, but I couldn’t let him kill anyone else.  I will not watch as he kills another innocent person again.  Not with his hands.
I shouted as the whips kept on coming, striking stronger against my back.
“No!” he shouted.
I felt Wind go limp.  And then there was nothing anymore.  I succumbed to numbness as darkness enveloped me.  Together, Wind and I fell to the ground.

Chapter 37 - The Secret Passage

Kino Amark
I pulled at Pyper.  The sounds of land erupting as the lightnings hit the ground filled my ears, so I had to shout.
“We have to be fast,” I said.
“We need to enter the forest,” she said.
“The secret passage is still very, very far.  We can’t go there.”
“Oh gods, what happened?” she said nervously, and I didn’t know what to say.  I didn’t understand any of it.
“Run, keep your questions for the meantime,” I said.  Our conversations didn’t make any sense at all.
We entered the forest, and I felt safer.  It’s not yet the foot of Mt. Ricuss.  I felt sad.  It can’t end this way.  Where’s Lamare?  If Dogan killed her, he’s dead to me.
But when he took her, he galloped away, which could only mean that he’s trying to save her too.
The loud eruption of the land stopped, and the crowd has silenced too.  It has dispersed and probably, Akeans could be traveling back to their provinces.  Or counting their dead.
I closed my eyes.  People died because the emperor wanted me dead.  I felt numb and yet conversely, my heart felt like it’s dipped in icy, cold water.  I’m afraid.
“Stop, please,” Pyper said.  “My head is throbbing.”
“Let’s rest for a while,” I said but didn’t genuinely mean it.  Resting means time lost and I have yet to find Lamare.  Where would Dogan take her?  Focus, Kino, I told myself.
I was lost in my scattered thoughts that I didn’t see the snake that crawled toward us.  I felt Pyper’s hand tighten against mine.  
“Kino,” she said in a scared voice.
“What?” I said and looked around.  She was looking down — then I saw it.
“Don’t move.  It doesn’t see us,” I said and held her hand tighter.  She is shaking.
The snake kept on crawling nearer.  Pyper’s body tensed.  “It’s going my way, Kino,” she almost shrieked.
Then the snake passed beside her, and she shivered, released my hand, and lost control of her power.  To my horror, she began stomping her feet.
“Stop it,” I shouted.  “You’re only scaring the snake —”
“No! I hate snakes.  Do you see the red dots on its body?” she said hysterically.  Then she danced all around the snake, her feet falling to the ground in quick, wanton rhythms.
I gazed at the snake and true enough, there were red dots covering its entire length.  It’s the Serpetus, the snake that’s known for its venom that could kill a person in minutes.
“Stop moving and make yourself invisible,” I shouted.  I looked around for a branch, or a stone — something to crush the snake’s head with.  Finally I found a big enough rock.  I lunged toward the snake and aimed at its head.
At that same moment, the snake recoiled and attacked, biting Pyper’s leg.
“No!”  I shouted.  But I was too late.  The snake slithered away, and I threw the rock but missed.
Pyper fell down, horror painting her face.
“The venom, Kino,” she said nervously.  “It will travel up my body.  If it reaches my heart —”
“Stop,” I said.  I tore my cape in two and wrapped the smaller part around her leg.  This way the poison would not travel upward.  “Just stay still,” I commanded.  My fingers shook, and I’m scared.
When I’m done, I pulled at Pyper and held her.  Images of our neighbor in Wawang flashed in my head — the old man was bitten by a Serpetus when he went out of his house.  After a few minutes, when his wife came after him to see what was taking him long, she screamed as she stared at her husband’s dead body.  The evidence that he was bitten by the Serpetus, red dots like he was covered in boils, was found all over his body.  
“Don’t let go of my hand, even if I die, okay?” Pyper whispered.
I went numb.  “What? Don’t say that,” I said.
“My head’s throbbing like crazy.”
I touched her head and true enough, she has started to burn up.  I held her close.  “Pyper, listen.  You’re not going to die.  Not after all this.  It’s just fever, it will be okay once we reach your place,” I said although my chest went funny, beating slowly until coldness started to wrap around my heart.
“That’s a long flight,” she said weakly.  “I really need to rest.  Just don’t let go of my hand so you’ll remain hidden.  In case you find that our body parts are starting to show, that means I’m losing control of my power.  Then all you have to do is wake me up so I could make us invisible again.”
Fever talk.  This is such unfortunate timing.  I wish we weren’t hiding so I could see her face.
I carried Pyper in my arms and walked under a huge tree where I suppose no one would go looking.  “Stop talking.  We’ll rest for a while, and if you’re still not better, once I’m fully rested, I’ll carry you back to Nivaton.”
I grew even more terrified.
Pyper could be dying in my arms, and I don’t know what to do.  There’s no one around to help.  And my mother is out there being pursued by soldiers.  And the emperor — I shivered — wanted me dead.  I don’t understand any of these.
Why?  Does he know that Pyper and I tricked him into believing I have the power of Distantekus?  But we were flawless.  The presentation went perfectly.  And yet, that’s the only explanation I could think of.
My eyes moistened, and I held Pyper closer.  “Please get better, Pyper,” I whispered.
“Don’t be afraid, Kino,” she said.  “I’ll protect you.”
My shoulders shook and tears escaped the corners of my eyes as I held her limp body against mine.  This little, feverish girl wanted to protect me.  Talk about irony.
Mayo Calo
“This is where they went,” Cogi said.  
I followed him.  “Wait, I need to get out of this costume.  It’s slowing me down,” I said.
Cogi seemed annoyed, but there’s nothing he can do about it.  
“Did you see them?” I asked.
“No, I thought Pyper and Kino were headed this way, but I lost track.”
All of a sudden I saw a snake crawling quite fast.  I shouted.  “Look out!”
Cogi looked down and crushed its head with a stone.  I stared at the dead snake with its crushed head.  Its tail broke into a spasm, and then it stopped moving.  It was only when realization hit me that I was staring at a Serpetus that I felt a cold tingling sensation down my spine.  I found it strange that such a small snake carried with its fang death.  
“Cogi, look!”  I said as I pointed at Kino’s torn cape.  “That’s what Kino was wearing.  It could only mean they’re near.”
Cogi looked ahead, and he also saw a flash of torn, silver cape.
“Give me your hand,” he said and I obliged.  Immediately, I couldn’t see myself anymore.  
“Pyper?” he shouted.
“Why are you shouting? You’re giving away our location,” I said.
“Pyper!” he shouted even louder.
“Stop shouting, let’s just look for them,” I insisted.
“Listen, Mayo.  Pyper is a friend, and you’re just an acquaintance.  If she had not requested me to take you, I would have left you back in the palace to be trampled by those soldiers.  So shut up, and let me find my friend,” he yelled at me.
My eyes sting with his accusation.  I want to find Pyper and Kino too, but my ways are more careful.  “I’m sorry.  Unlike you, I can’t turn myself invisible so kick me in the butt if you’re mad at me, and stop biting my neck off,” I grumbled.
For a moment, Cogi paused and soft laughter escaped his mouth.  In a lighter tone, he added, “Just shut up, okay? And try to look for them.”
The explosions in the palace yards were scary.  The lightnings shot down at us, and if I’m not mistaken, I think Nicola was lost to the commotion.  I felt my chest growing heavier.  I saw her straw hat lying on the ground just as I felt something pull at my body.  Then I couldn’t see my body, and I thought I had died too, so I stopped running.  But then somebody spoke and told me to run my ass off or else he would leave me behind.  That someone was Cogi.
And his words did it for me.  I seriously thought I died.  
Poor Nicola — 
“Mayo?” I heard a faint voice call out to me.
I stopped.  “Did you hear that? That’s Kino,” I said.
“Kino?” I shouted.
I waited and then it came.  “Help us, Mayo.”
Cogi let go of my hand and ran ahead to where the voice came from.  I was thankful when he let go of my hand.  It’s difficult to run when you have your hand entwined with someone else’s.
I followed the voice and found Cogi already visible near a tree.
I couldn’t see Pyper and Kino.  Perhaps Pyper is still protecting him.
Then all of a sudden, I saw them.  Pyper is lying on the ground, and Kino looked as if he just put her down.  His eyes were red with tears.
I knelt down, and Cogi did the same.
“What happened?” I asked.  
“A Serpetus bit her,” worriedly, Kino said.
“Oh no!”  I yelped.
“Do you have any salve?” Cogi asked, and Kino shook his head.
Cogi doesn’t understand — it’s the Serpetus Kino is talking about.  There is no ointment that could kill its venom.
Cogi felt Pyper’s head and recoiled.  “She’s burning up.”
We must look as helpless as a rag.  
“Oh no, not Pyper too,” I said and touched her hair.  
Cogi’s lips paled and he must be scared.  We can’t lose Pyper.  Contrary to what he thinks, I have grown fond of her.  I couldn’t watch her dying in front of us.  No — this is not how good people are supposed to die.
Kino was holding Pyper’s hand.  “What do you mean not Pyper too?” he asked.
I flushed.  “Nicola —,” I couldn’t force the words out.
Kino’s eyes widened and he looked away.  No one among us was strong enough to say another word.
I watched as Pyper’s chest rose and fell softly.  For a freaking second, her chest wouldn’t move, and I would hold my breath until her chest starts moving again.  Only then will tension leave my body, and I would exhale loudly in relief.  
Kino moved swiftly toward Pyper’s leg.  Cogi and I did too to see what it was that caught Kino’s attention.
A red dot appeared on Pyper’s leg just below her knee.  I paled.  The venom is starting its death toll.
Suddenly, it came to me.  What if — 
Is it even possible?
Could I?
Before Cogi and Kino could react, I lay myself down beside Pyper, my movements fast and harsh.  I inserted my right arm behind her neck and pushed it farther so that her head lay on my shoulder, then I scooped her closer.  I closed my eyes as I concentrated.
“What are you —,” Cogi said.
Kino protested, “Let him —”
I imagine an apple dangling from a tree.  A beautiful, red, luscious apple.  Then I search for it, where the bad components lay.  When I found something odd, like it’s a slimy liquid, I begin to suck it out using only my mind.  I suck all of it until it passes through my body.
I convulsed and released Pyper, my eyes veiled with darkness.
I felt horrible.  I stood up, and the surroundings swirled all around me.  Then I dropped to my knees, my stomach heaving.  Kino came rushing toward me to help.  He pressed at my back to make me feel better.  
I vomited a brown, slimy liquid.  It went out of my mouth for a few seconds that felt like hours.
Then it was over.  I perspired and my body felt cold.  It’s similar to the feeling you get when fever breaks.
“Hey,” Cogi said in a surprised voice.  “You wouldn’t believe this, but Pyper’s fever is gone.”
I looked at Kino, and my grin is mirrored on his face.  The gods must love me, I thought.
Lamare Amark
My hands still throbbed from hitting Dogan.  Although I was thankful that he saved me from the ruckus at the palace, I couldn’t forgive him for taking me without my son.  And now, where am I to find him? I have to trust my intuition.
“Keep on going, Dogan,” I said.  “I have to find my son.”  I glanced at him from the corner of my eye, and behind his stoic façade, he is sulking inside.  
“I’m sorry, Dogan —,”
He looked at me.  “What did you say?”
He’s not going to make it difficult for me, is he? “I said I’m sorry.  Of course, you understand that it’s my son we left behind —” I didn’t get to finish what I was about to say because he grinned at me.  Despite the turmoil, the threat to our lives, he could still smile!  He is a piece of wonder.  
“I accept,” he said, and then he’s back on the lookout.  
Everything happened so fast, and it’s difficult to explain it to anyone else because only Wind and I know the reason to all these... Still, to befall death upon my son was too much.  Such a horrible turnout.
Dogan looked at his back.  We had lost the soldiers, and there’s still no one trailing after us.  “How do you suppose we can find him?” he asked.
I hope my instincts are right.  “Simple.  Kino knows that our options are Derella or Nivaton.  Derella is too far away, and Nivaton is the only place we can reach probably by tomorrow,” I paused.  Am I still unsure if I can trust Dogan?  After he saved me from the Palace Soldiers, I don’t think I can still think that of him.  “All we have to do is get to the entry point of the secret passage.  I think we are ahead of them, so from there we have to turn back, in the hope that we could meet them halfway.”
Dogan nodded.  “That seems to be a sound plan,” he said.  “But if we push for the secret passage and then head back, that means that we’ll lose a lot of time.  Can you show me where this secret passage is located? Describe it to me.”
I paused.  “I can do something better.  Stop,” I said and dismounted.  I knelt on the ground and picked up a broken twig.
Then from memory, I started drawing the map of northern Akea.
“This is where the secret passage is located,” I said.  “And here’s the palace.  If Kino moves in a straight direction, this is where I suppose he’ll end up.”  Then I drew a straight line from one point to the other.  “And this is where we are.  If we could move in this manner, we may have a good chance of finding him faster,” I finished.
Dogan studied the map, and he seemed to plot it inside his head.  “I’m familiar with Akea’s maps too, but I can’t draw it out of memory.  This is indeed a good drawing…”
“It’s a lesson my father made sure I learned.”
He nodded.  In times like this, it sure becomes a very useful lesson.  “Come on, we ride doubly hard now,” Dogan said.
Pyper San Diego
I still feel woozy so Cogi and Kino take turns carrying me on their backs.  My head’s throbbing is gone, and the Serpetus’s bite is but a memory except for the ugly red dot on my leg.  They said Mayo saved me?  Wow.  I still feel sick, and I hadn’t had the chance to thank him yet.  But I definitely will — a generous serving of beef jerky and roast pork may just be a fitting display of my gratitude.
This time, I’m on Kino’s back so I could make him invisible.  And Cogi is probably holding Mayo’s hand.
“I think we should rest,” I told Kino, concerned that they have been running and walking for hours already.  
He shook his head.  “We need to reach the secret passage fast.  The good thing is that the soldiers don’t have an idea where we went.  On the other hand, they are trained to track footsteps.  So even if they couldn’t see us, they may still find us.”
I hope the soldiers don’t.  And I hope my father won’t be mad at me for running away from home.
“I’m sleepy, Kino,” I whispered.  “Is it okay if I doze off?”
He laughed.  “Yes, just don’t snore too loudly or we’ll find ourselves surrounded by Hobbubs,” he jested.  I shivered because I hate Hobbubs.  Not as much as I fear Serpetus though.  Hobbubs are as stocky as horses, but their eyes are red and they have fangs.  They also have a strange smell that could make people faint.  Stories I’ve heard say that Hobbubs smoke tobacco and sit on trees’ branches.  I never believed that.  It’s just not possible.
I wrapped my arms around Kino’s neck, thinking he’s such a good friend.  I smiled as I rested my head against his back, his soft footsteps lulling me to sleep.
When I woke up, it was because Kino has started running.  
“Hooves,” Cogi said.
Kino stopped, “How many? Do you think they’ll find us?”
“I don’t know, just a few, I think.  Let’s not wait and see,” Cogi said.  “Better run and hide.”
I stirred and held Kino tighter.  We turned left, and the sound of hooves shifted so that it was now behind us.  I looked back because the sound is so near.  They’re going to catch up on us soon.
Then to my surprise, I saw a woman and a burly man riding a horse.
“Kino —”
“Quiet, Pyper,” he said.  “We can’t be heard.”
“It’s your mom.”
He stopped and turned around so fast that I thought I would fall from his back.
“Mom!” he shouted.  
I jumped off his back, and he became visible again.  Lamare’s eyes widened in surprise, and then it was replaced with happiness immediately.  She dismounted and ran toward him and upon reaching him, hugged Kino.
The ugly man moved toward us on his horse and nodded.  Beside me, Cogi and Mayo showed up too.
It’s such a lovely sight — Kino and Lamare reuniting.  
“Mom, we have to go to the Ghost Town,” Kino insisted.  “You can’t argue, okay?”
“Nivaton, Kino,” Lamare corrected.  Then she nodded, tears falling down her face.  “I know,” she laughed softly as she brushed Kino’s hair.  “I know,” she repeated.  Then she held him again and saw us.
“Hi,” she said to all of us.  We smiled at her.  She’s so beautiful.
I looked at Mayo and Cogi and they were both blushing.  I rolled my eyes and caught sight of the ugly man.  To my surprise, his face was tinged with an odd shade of coloring.  
Men and beautiful women!  I’ll never understand the relationship between them.

Dogan Ronda
Lamare made Pyper, Kino, and Mayo ride the horse, this way, they will be faster.  I wanted to protest because I want to protect Lamare, but I understand her reasons, and it’s an argument I cannot win.  In the same manner that I want to protect her, I’m sure she felt twice as strongly about protecting her son.
I hope the emperor will not come for us although it’s a remote possibility at this point, which is why I can’t figure out why he’s not on our tail yet.  
We rode for hours, but the entrance to the secret passage is still a long way.  “Listen up,” I said.  “In case we meet soldiers along the way, what did I tell you?” I asked.
“Gallop away,” Mayo said.
“Right,” I said.  “There’s no turning back.  Head straight.  If you can’t make the horse invisible, then leave the horse behind, and run as fast as you can.  Don’t stop.  I’ll protect Lamare.”
I said it loud enough for each of them to hear even though I only meant it for Kino’s friggin’ ears because I know that he will get worried, and he may come back for us.
He looks at me as if measuring the truth in what I said.
“I will not let anything happen to your mother,” I repeated to him.  He nodded, and he looked at Lamare, who went toward the horse and stopped beside it.  
“Kino,” she said.  “I’ll come after you, don’t worry.  Everything will be okay now.  We just need to reach Nivaton.”
She moved farther back to let the horse pass, not breaking her gaze from Kino, and then she changed her mind, she ran forward and stopped beside the horse, and stepped on the stirrup hanging below the saddle.  She was holding Kino in an instant.  
“I love you, Kino.  Don’t ever forget that,” she said and kissed him on both cheeks.  
“I love you too, Mom,” Kino said.
Then Lamare went down.
“Cogi,” I said.  “You’re a grown man.  Don’t let anything happen to them.”
Cogi nodded.  “On my honor.”  Then he became invisible.  I could only guess that he walked after them.  Sometimes he runs ahead to check if there are enemies in front.
Lamare stood beside me.  
“Don’t you dare,” I said.
She looked up at me.  “What?”
“I know what’s going on in your head,” I said.  “If ever the emperor reaches us, you will sacrifice yourself.”
She didn’t answer.  
“But before that happens, I’ll have turned myself on him to protect you,” I said and started walking, leaving her a few paces behind me.
I didn’t wait for her friggin’ response because there will be none.  Loving her is what got me this far.  I can’t let the emperor get to her now even if she can’t love me in the way I would have wanted.
Love waits for those who never falter.  Maybe.
McWindStorm Arren
When I came to, the first person I looked for was Sol.  She’s still lying sideways, unconscious, in the throne room, her back bleeding.  As I watched Sol, only one thought kept playing in my head — I can’t let Lamare escape.  Once she’s in my custody, she will have to bind her son’s power again.
Why did Sol have to intrude? Oh, how I hate her for it.
“Where’s the Healer?” I shouted, angry at everyone.
“On her way, Your Grace,” a soldier said.
“Make her come quick.  I still have some business to finish tonight.”  
Sol played a crucial role in my life, and there are many reasons why I keep her beside me — why I don’t want her to die — but this time, it’s only because I want to punish her.  She stopped me just when I was about to go after Lamare and her boy.  Sol didn’t know what she did to me, and my heart is still raging.
A Healer came and immediately went to tending Sol.  
“Why are you so slow?” I shouted, and the Healer jerked.  
“Forgive me, Your Grace,” she mumbled.
“Be fast about it,” I shouted.  Why am I surrounded by imbeciles?
“It is done, Your Grace,” the Healer said.
I stood up from where I was sitting and went to Sol.  She didn’t stir.  I pushed at her so she would lie on her back.  I don’t care if there are still some open wounds.  I want to punish her so badly.
When she still didn’t come to, I slapped her face.
The soldiers around me gasped.
“Your Grace, if I may be so bold, a lady who is sick is in no need to be so mauled,” Paterno said.
“It will do well for your descendants that you learn to control your mouth,” I said slowly.  From beneath my eyelids, I counted the generals that were still in the room with me.  Three were sent out on a mission to the other parts of Akea. “Everybody leave me alone.”
I heard the boots scrape against the floor as one by one, my War Generals went out.  
“Paterno,” I said.  Somebody stopped by the doorway, but I didn’t bother to look up.  “Tighten security.  Make sure that there will be no breaches in the palace grounds.”
“Yes, Your Grace,” he said.  Before going out, he added, “Do you know that the people are calling you a murderer?” 
I glanced at him.  I don’t like the sound of his voice — like he’s accusing me.  
Paterno seemed to have sensed my distaste over what he said because he added as an afterthought, “Your Grace.”  He didn’t wait for my response.  He turned away and left.
Only Tiran Aragre remained in my presence.  
Paterno’s will is disconcerting.  Something had to be done.
“Tiran, who do you serve?” I asked sternly and met my Advisor’s eyes.  An Advisor and a War General.
Tiran’s face clouded.  “Only a fool doesn’t know the answer to that question, Your Grace,” he answered.
“Then you know what needs to be done,” I said.
Tiran’s face became unreadable.  He nodded, bowed, and left the room.
I looked at Sol’s face and even sleeping, she managed to calm my nerves so that it’s now an effort to slap her again.  But I have to do what I have to do.
This time her eyes opened.
“Wake up, Sol.”  
Her eyes found mine.  
“My heart,” she whispered and reached out a hand.
“Don’t,” I said.  “Get up.  We will find Lamare and that fool Dogan.  They will take us to the boy, and I’ll kill him.”
Sol shivered.  “Stop talking like that, Wind,” she said in a hoarse voice.  “You’re not a bad person —”
“Who said anything about being bad?” I leered at her.  “I’m not a bad person.  I’m an emperor trying to protect his empire.  Now get up so we could start chasing them,” I said.
Sol’s eyes widened, and then to my astonishment, she cried.  “I can’t,” she said.
In my anger, I summoned the clouds and lifted Sol up from her bed.  “This is your punishment, to watch me as I kill them.  You can’t take it, but because you meddled in my affairs, I’ll see to it that you suffer the consequences,” I said.  Then I willed the cloud to rise, and soon enough, we were floating in the air.  Sol has stopped crying, but she has remained quiet.
What could she be thinking? I hope it’s not another treacherous thought.
Lamare and Dogan couldn’t have gotten very far.  
Kanela is in the northwest part of Akea, and that means they have nowhere to go but east or south.  South is not a familiar place.  If I were a fugitive, I would succumb to the mountains to hide, which is why I know that they have gone east.
Dogan Ronda
It has been almost a day of continuous travel, of our heavy feet caressing untouched routes, and I can feel that Lamare is already exhausted.  The days had not been easy on her, and I blame myself partly for that, chasing her to Bulacnin after accusing her of being a witch, what was I thinking?  If I had not done that, she would have had a decent sleep, been able to finish the scroll without having to work on it overnight.  At some point, I would have to ask her to camp, even for just a while.  
She’s biting her lower lip as we walked, afraid.  I want to tell her again that I’ll protect her, but I’m no match for the emperor.  
She told me that she only wanted to claim back what was rightfully her son’s.  I didn’t understand what she said.  And further, why the emperor would order that Kino be killed.
A boy! He was a mere boy! What in heaven’s name was that for? And after that — friggin’ disaster.  I didn’t look back after I gathered Lamare, but the skies were littered with lightnings, and thunder roared in my ears for a while that I knew the palace grounds could very well be the people’s burial ground now.  It was a very distressing thought.
Lamare reached out and took my hand.  “Thank you,” she said softly.
I actually blushed like a schoolboy.  It’s funny how the simplest words coming from the right person can make someone feel so special.
I looked up at the skies because I noticed that Lamare had looked up also.  Earlier, stars were scattered in the sky making walking in the darkness bearable, but now, the stars have friggin’ vanished.
“Dogan,” Lamare whispered.  “I think Wind may have found us.”
I looked at her, concerned.  
“The kids —”
“Are going to be all right,” I interjected.  “There’s a considerable distance between us now.  If my calculations are right and if your drawing is accurate, they could be entering the secret passage to Nivaton by now.”
“If that’s the case,”  Lamare went out to the clearing.
“Don’t show yourself, Lamare,” I friggin’ shouted.
“No,” Lamare said stubbornly.  “If he doesn’t see us, he will continue pushing forward, and he may chance upon the kids,” she shouted at me.
I looked for Wind in the sky.  
“Please Lamare, come back here,” I said.  “This is unnecessary.”
“Wind!” she shouted.
Oh, dear gods!
“Wind!” she shouted once more.
I froze and she did too.  We’re both waiting for a response from Wind… any friggin’ sign.  A few seconds passed, but nothing happened.  
“I’m the one you want! I will not let you have my son!”  She sounded like a crazy woman or a desperate mother.  Either way, she didn’t care.
To my friggin’ horror, the breeze blew, and I knew the emperor had finally heard her.  I went to where Lamare was and took her hand.  We went back under the trees but headed in the opposite direction.
I thought that we lost him, but all at once, from our rear, Wind is shouting, laughing like a madman.
“You can’t run away from me, wife,” he shouted.
What did he say? Wife? Did he call Lamare wife?
I pulled harder at Lamare’s hands.  “Run faster.  Please,” I said.  “I can’t take him with my sword.”
Lamare did as if she’s running for her life.
We hid under the bushes.  Then when there seemed to be no sign of Wind, we went out and saw him standing in front of us.
“How far did you think can you run away from me, Lamare?” he said.
Sol was with him.  At least she could calm him.  But she looked sick.  
“You can’t take away my son from me,” Lamare shouted back.
“You think you can protect him? You have no power anymore, Lamare.  Your place is with me.  Come back to the palace and amend what you’ve done.”  
Is it friggin’ treason to kill the emperor? But if he is threatening the one you love, will being charged for treason still matter?
I touched the hilt of the sword on my waist and prepared for battle.  Wind’s power is extraordinary.  If ever I want to take him, I only get one chance, and if I miss when I swing my sword, that chance is gone, and I know how the battle will end.  It’s going to be my head on a pike.
“Why did you kill Northsam?” Lamare asked.  
“Killed him?” Wind said.  “Why I never thought you’d believe that I actually killed him…”
“Stop the lies!”  Lamare shouted.
“Sol, I think my former wife needs you to calm her.”
Sol’s face paled.  “Your former wife?” she asked.  
“Oh, didn’t you know?” Wind said.  And then after a while he added, “Right — I forgot that I wiped her out of everybody's memory.”
Lamare was Wind’s former wife? The emperor’s wife?
The Princess back when I was a stable boy?
And then the memories started coming back.  The first time I saw her she was with child.  Then I followed her to Nivaton and saved her.  
The soft hands that touched my back as an arrow was pulled out…
The signature lavender scent…
The woman — the only one I ever friggin’ loved.
Sol looked as surprised as I was.  
“Where’s the boy?” Wind asked.
I gripped the hilt of my sword tighter, my other arm ready to push Lamare to the side.
“Gone,” Lamare said.  “You won’t find him.  You can’t take from him his heritage — the way you did with mine.”
“Stubborn still,” Wind said.  Then he raised his arm and Lamare rose in the air.  I know this scene.  It’s too familiar.  
Air bound her so she can’t move.  And then a whip made of air lashed at her.  She shrieked.  
“No!”  I shouted.  “Stop, please, stop!”
Sol is watching in horror.  “Wind, if you still love me, please, let her go —”
“Because I used to love you, I would,” Wind said and laughed maniacally.  Then the air that was holding Lamare up was gone, and I ran to catch her, but she came crashing down.  I knelt down to see if she’s okay.
“You son of a bitch!” I shouted, grief and rage tearing at my heart.  I unsheathed my sword and lunged toward Wind.  As I did, I sidestepped, faked my attack, then I swung.
Wind ducked and pushed Sol away, sending her to the ground.  
My sword hit nothing but air.  My chance is friggin’ gone.  
Wind went toward me and bound my neck.  I shrivelled under his power, twisting because I can no longer breathe.
The emperor is a mad man.
Sol Dugress
What happened? I feel like I’m still floating in the air.  And then we were down on the land, and I’m thankful to feel solid ground beneath my feet.  The herbs may still be messing with my head.
And what did Wind say? Lamare was his wife? How could that be? I don’t remember any of it… Surely, I would have known.
Then Dogan stood up to fight him but missed.  And now, Wind is killing him.
I don’t know what to do.  For the first time in my life, calmness did nothing for me.  I was swamped with unfamiliar emotions.  Of negativities.
Then I saw Lamare stand up.  She ran toward Wind and punched him, biting at him while Wind is unsuccessful in pushing her away.
“Stop!”  I shouted.  Please no… not another innocent death.  It will take its toll on all of us.
But I was too slow.  Lamare fought Wind with her bare hands.  Dogan couldn’t help her, he’s lying there unconscious.
I can’t see another death.  I breathed in and out, summoning calmness.  Please come soon.  The concoction the Healer may have given me are preventing my power from coming back soon.  
Then I felt it.  The calmness seeped at my chest.  I walked toward Lamare and Wind who were still tackling each other.  I closed my eyes and felt myself come home to calmness.
Wind is choking Lamare, laughing wildly, saying that he could easily kill her if he isn’t having too much fun playing with her.  She is trying to reach his face, clawing at his arms.  They kept on rolling in the ground and I only have seconds left before one of them dies.
When I was powerful enough, I braced myself to leap toward Wind.  If I can calm him enough, I’ll push at Lamare so he won’t be choked.  That way, no one dies.
I waited for the perfect moment; then I jumped, holding out my hand, calmness enveloping my body.  But as I got closer, Lamare managed to kick Wind and push him back, and now Lamare is on top.  I felt my hands closing in on her, and she convulsed, calmness fully taking her in.
In his rage, Wind choked her further until her body was limp.  I’m lying on the ground, and Lamare’s body is atop mine.  Her eyes are closed, never to open again to see the world.
Wind paled.  “You killed her,” he whispered in disbelief.
My mind reeled, my body revolting at the thought.  I’m not a murderer.  
Dogan stirred, and he heard.  He sat up and saw Lamare’s unmoving body.  He went for his sword and rushed forward.  “I’ll kill you,” he said to me, his face twisted in fury.  
Wind moved fast, scooping me up, carrying me away in a cloud.
I killed Lamare? No! It wasn’t me.  It was Wind who was choking her.
And yet, if I didn’t make her calm, she wouldn’t have gone limp, and she could have fought Wind.  The tears rolled down my cheeks.  What has become of me? Was it me? Did I kill her?
I hugged Wind as we flew.  We have sunken so deep in the darkness.  The day is over, and dawn is approaching, but with this realization, I can only wish for the night to come again so that I can hide behind the shadows, ashamed of what I have done.  I held Wind tighter.  And then his hand moved around my waist.  He felt me — in his heart — again.  I sobbed loudly this time.

Chapter 38 - Dogan Ronda

Sisis rose from the east, and with it Luna and Risa reflected down the former’s rays, covering the sky with a languid palette of colors.  
You have eyes as beautiful as the moons.
Those were Lamare’s exact words.  She was the only one who ever said anything pretty about me.  And now, all I have are friggin’ memories.
My eyes were dry though I felt like crying.  Nothing could be done anymore.  I had to pay my respect to Lamare, and after that, find Kino.  I had to be the one to tell him.
He will be furious at me, but that’s the consequence of breaking my promise.
I shoveled soil over Lamare’s body, and this time, no part of her body showed as mother land fully welcomed her back.
I rubbed at the corner of my eyes, driving away any trace of tears. 
I knelt down and did what I knew I had to.  For Lamare, the only person I ever used my power for.
I touched the ground, closed my eyes, and waited seconds.  Then I opened them, my hand still touching the ground.  One by one, the flowers started to grow.  Roses first, to that part of the ground that must be covering her face.  Then daisies, sunflowers, birds of paradise, azaleas — flowers of all kinds.  
The flowers started to grow and bloom, travelling across the land, covering the ground with the delicious shades of spring, stretching as far as my eyesight could reach until around me, all I could see was a sea of flowers.
This time, I didn’t feel resentment over my power because Lamare deserved to have such an exquisite funeral.
I was still in that position when I heard someone moving from my back.  I ignored the movements.  Another one appeared in front of me.  And another one.  And another.
When I stood up, I looked at all of them.  Their skins are tanned and wrinkled like they had grown barks instead of flesh.  
“We share your grief, little brother,” one of them said.
Nobody has ever called me little in all my life.  I almost laughed at the irony.
“We are Tree Runners,” another one said.  “We share your grief, little brother,” another one said as if it was a ritual.
I looked around at all of them.  When help is needed, they could be allies.
“Why did you call me little brother?” I asked.
“We tend the trees, you make the flowers.  We are one with Mother Nature.  When you grew the flowers, we felt you,” he paused.  “You are little brother.”
It was silly because I didn’t think any among them was taller than I, but I didn’t argue.  
“Your condolences are accepted, brothers,” I said, hoping that it’s the appropriate response to what they said.
They nodded and then one by one, they walked away.
I glanced once more at where Lamare lay.  Then for the second and last time, I clenched my fist, thumped it against my chest twice and uttered as though in reverence, Goodbye, my dear Lamare.  May the gods take you kindly in their homes.  
I would rescue and fight with Kino to the death.  This I vowed.

Chapter 39 - Pyper San Diego

I’m thankful when we finally reach Nivaton.  The horse has been a lot of help because we didn’t have to walk, and we were able to rest.  Cogi went ahead of us because there was no sign of imminent danger anymore.  Now that we have reached home, we could sleep long hours to our liking.
The cool breeze welcomed us.  To the east, I saw Sisis as she painted the sky brightly.  The birds chirped all around us as though telling us that better days are coming.  
We’ll just wait for Lamare and Dogan to follow.  The Nivans are aware of what’s going on in the outside world, and we’ll be ready when the emperor attacks — should he decide to attack.
One by one, we went down from the horse.  Kino was first, and then he reached out to take my hand.  When I was on the ground, he reached to help Mayo, too.
I held out my hands to both of them.
I think something was odd, but I couldn’t figure it out.  
I looked around my surroundings.  It wasn’t the brightly lit sky — or the huge trees that offer us shade — or the sounds of the leaves as they shake against the wind.
It wasn’t the young Nivans running around, playing, their laughter filling the air.
It wasn’t my cousins swinging on the vines.
It wasn’t even the songs that filled the valley.  
I smiled.  It’s nice to be back home.
The three of us were walking hand in hand, invisible.  I looked to my left and saw the gooey image of Kino.  Then to my right and saw the gooey image of Mayo.
And then it hit me.  I can make two persons invisible at once! Has my power grown in strength?
In my shock, I dropped their hands.
Immediately, Mayo’s body showed.  His mouth was hanging open.  “Why?” he asked.
I looked at Kino, and I got goose bumps.  “It’s Kino,” I said.
Then Mayo looked at where I was staring.  “Oh, just stop holding his hand so he won’t be invisible already.”
I shook my head.  Kino stood as still as a deer that sensed its predator.
“That’s what I found unusual, Mayo,” I paused.  “I’m not holding his hand at all.” 
 

Chapter 40 - The Twins

“Did you do it?” I asked Miroe.  From where we were hiding, I saw that he was looking concernedly at the flowers scattered all around us.  It’s a very beautiful sight.  But not as beautiful as the woman we saw at dawn.
Miroe nodded.  “Cannot choke something no longer breathing,” he said in his usual garbled sentences, and giggled.  He stood up, but the man was still there, so I pulled him down.
“Keep still,” I said in frustration.  Miroe kept on smiling, his eyes dancing in mirth.  A drool had gathered on the left side of his lips.  “I thought you said you were going to take down the bad man?” I said irritated although I wouldn’t be able to extract from him a reasonable answer.
“I missed,” Miroe said.
I was surprised that he answered.  Usually he ignores my questions.
“She’s so pretty,” Miroe said emptily.  His eyes looked vacant as he glanced at me, the mirth gone.  “Is she our mother?”
I shook my head in frustration.  He’s not making any sense again.  “No,” I said.  “But she’s got to be someone else’s.”
The huge man started walking away.  He looked truly sad.  The sun rose, and the moons, too.  When I was certain that we were the only ones left, I pulled Miroe’s hand.
“Let’s go, but let me do the digging.  I don’t want to break her face,” I said.
Miroe is smiling like a fool, and I don’t know if I’ll be frustrated at him, or pity him.  When we were born, the gods seemed to be playing with our destinies.  We were twins, but the gods gave me all that’s good.  Miroe, on the other hand, was left with the bad side of things, if I may put it that way.  
I picked up the broad wooden plank that the huge man used and started digging.  Miroe went to where her limbs could be and started digging with his hands, laughing greedily to himself.  
“A mommy,” he said.  
The hole the man dug wasn’t deep.  Maybe he was in a hurry, which was convenient for us because my power only works for an hour.  Beyond that, nothing more could be done.
I dug in a hurry.  I saw her face, and I had to use my hands then.  Gods, she’s pretty.
Miroe saw her and laughed happily.  
“Faster, Bubba,” he said like a half-witted child.  Bubba, I winced because he seldom calls me Bubba anymore.  A term of endearment that grew out as the moon turned.
“Help me remove the soil that covers her chest,” I said.
Even though Miroe usually had a hard time understanding my instructions, there were times that my words sink in instantly.  And I was glad that today, he understood.
Maybe he wanted to save her as much as I did.
When the lady’s upper body was revealed, I stopped.  Miroe moved closer to me.
“Do it, sister,” he said excitedly.  
I closed my eyes and touched her chest to that part where her heart lies.
The gods played with our powers also.  They gave Miroe the power to freeze the heart.  For whatever good that power is for, I don’t know.  But Miroe can’t do anything else aside from that.  There was one time that Miroe froze our dog’s heart because it was sick and my twin wanted to save our pet.  But Miroe couldn’t bring the dog back.  He threw a tantrum and I had to console him.  I touched the dog and told Miroe in jest that the dog was breathing, and after a few seconds, the dog barked.
That was the first time I understood what my power was for.  I couldn’t bring back the dead.  My power doesn’t work in that manner.  It only works as a complement to my twin’s power.
“Hurry,” Miroe said.  “The time! It’s hot!” he shrieked.
I wanted him to shut up, but I know why he’s worried.  He’s trying to warn me that we’re running out of time.  Could it be an hour already?  Was it our fault that the huge man lingered after he buried her?
I felt her heart from deep inside her body.  Then I willed it to beat.  To unfreeze —  
I opened my eyes and looked down.  
Miroe peered at the lady’s face, his drool falling down the lady’s hair.  “Did it work?” he asked.
I watched and waited.  I wanted to ask the same question as the beautiful lady lay on the ground unmoving.  Did my power work? 

Chapter 41 - The Eldest

Last night, the sky was as dark as it could get.  It has started.
Has time come? Will the claim to the empire start now?
I wish I got the chance to speak to my daughter before she — could it be?
The prophecies, they are becoming real.  This means that the next turning of the moons will bring an even more chaotic Akea.  But that’s just how it is — before the ultimate peace comes again.
For now, I’d stay where the moons tell me I should stay.  And wait.
I hope it will come soon enough.  I’m tired of waiting.  It has been too long.
I lit a candle and whispered prayers for my daughter.  She is gone.  I felt as though my chest is singed with the Serpetus’s venom.  My heart bleeds for what is lost.
But I can’t change that.  It was written in the stars.  Not even I could.
And then I would have to wait again.
Even in mourning, a smile touched my lips.  Because I can’t wait to meet my grandson.  Oh, he will come to me.  It may take some time.  But already, I sense him.  We will be together soon.
After muttering a prayer for my daughter, I blew out the candle.  It winked, and the flame died.  The smoke trailed to the sky.  The fire will be quenched with the breaking of the scroll.
The old blood will rise to power.

End of Book One
Glossary
Agin, Alren – A thin palace soldier who was part of Derellan rescue mission
Akea – A world whose citizens have extraordinary powers.  Akea is composed of fourteen provinces namely: Kanela, Ameres, Derella, Minnowin, Rudiah, Nivaton, Bulacnin, Lacay islands, Irina, Tullin, Karis Thia, Prile, Anarida and Loondu.  Nobody knows if there are other lands across the oceans surrounding the mainland.
Akean Wine Festival – The annual event where traditional wine-making is made together with presenting powers of new talents of Akea. In the celebration, kids who presented their powers would make the vow to serve Akea and the emperor, and their names would be registered as citizens in the Akean book. 
Alguila, Tala – A member of the Elder’s Guild who served the emperor.
Amark, Kino – Lamare’s son who is twelve moon-turns.  His power has not manifested. He has curly, brown hair and green eyes.  His chin is dimpled and there is a gap between his upper two front teeth.
Amark, Lamare Aristin – The Royal Scribe.  Her gift is to write anything she wants to happen. She used to be the Princess of Akea, Descendant of Amark bloodline, Eldest of Northsam.  She is a very beautiful woman.  She has dark brown hair and caramel eyes.  She is short.
Amark, Northsam Mendel – He is the previous emperor of Akea. His power is charisma.
Amaya – A Healer in Minnowin.  She has long brown hair.
Ameres – One of Akea’s provinces; Maercella’s hometown.
Andis, Gani – A Nivan who was involved in questioning Elder Mahen.
Anonymous – An Elder whose identity is yet unknown.
Aragre, Tiran – Advisor to the emperor who is also a War General.  He has white hair that’s cropped tidily an inch above his ears.  He is old, but he’s still a strong man, and his wisdom is unmatched in Kanela.  There are rumors that the Elder’s Guild had been sending him invitations to join the group for the past five turnings of the moons, but he kept on declining.
Arindola, Lucca – Lord of the wines. His gift is to make any liquid cold.
Arren, McWindStorm – The current emperor of Akea who is also known as Wind. He used to be a grape-picker, but he rose to power after he was married to Lamare Amark.  His gift is the storm.
Arren, Goryo – Wind’s father. He was once married to Maercella Benilde. His gift is to make the land dry.  He is a frail man with blue eyes.
Astud, Rod – He is a Palace Soldier, who killed Nonie during the mission to Derella.
Belo, Nonie – Derellan who was killed by Rod Astud.  Father to Mathis Ronda, the ugly child.
Benilde, Maercella – Wind’s mother. She ran away with Goryo when she reached marrying age. Her gift is foresight.  She has gray eyes.
Bondell, Randell – The boy who can read through books even with covers closed.
Brue – Mayo Calo’s friend who only speaks to Elder Mahen.
Calo, Mayo – A fat kid who is a friend to Kino. His power is to remove unwanted components in a food.  He is from Turona village.  His hair is dark and limp that falls across his forehead.  He has dark, big, round eyes.  
Calo, Rener – A young War General who led the Derellan mission.  He is Mayo Calo’s father.  Word gets around that his power lies in how he swings his sword.  At his young age, he had always been successful in stopping uprisings. His hair is close cropped with some grey at the temples. He has dark skin.
Cogi – a Nivan.  Friend to Pyper.
Cross soldiers and War soldiers - War Soldiers are the usual Palace Soldiers and those who are deployed all over the land to maintain peace.  Cross Soldiers are the ones who investigate discreetly.  They are cunning and don’t look like the usual heavily muscled stereo-typical soldiers. 
De Nicolas, Romyo – A member of the Nivan Hall.  He has a distinct voice.  He led the group that pursued Elder Tala.
Derella – One of Akea’s provinces.  Dogan Ronda’s hometown. Derellans are more commonly into fishing and farming.
Dinta, Nong – Kino’s classmate who is a great swimmer.
Dugress, Soleran – A lady whose gift is serenity.  She has the power to calm people.  She has dark hair and dark eyes.
Eros, Conrad – He can run like the wind.  He is Kino’s classmate. 
Fairen, Lila – She is the Nivan’s weather-lady. She has learned how to predict the acts of nature.
Gascon, Nicola – A girl who can grow seeds. She is a resident of Willingham, Hollo village.
Gotti, Lima – He can make the land rumble.  He is Kino’s classmate.
Heeler – Lamare’s horse when she was still a Princess.
Hobbubs - Hobbubs are beasts as stocky as horses.  Their eyes are red and they have fangs.  They also have a strange smell that can make people faint.  Stories say that Hobbubs smoke tobacco and sit on branches of trees.
Kanela – Akea’s capital.  This is the province where Kanelan Palace sits.
Karis Thia – The province known for its volcanoes.
Lacay Islands – One of Akea’s provinces.  Its people, the Lacayans, are dark skinned people.
Lanto, Boni – A Palace Soldier who is hot-headed.  He is tall and lean.  He has the reflexes of an animal.
Lassis, Timbukte – A Nivan who has green eyes.  He is tall and has long dark hair.
Leban, Dante – A handsome professor.  He has curly blonde hair and green eyes.  He is Kino’s teacher in Power Toning.  His power is in his legs.
Lewla, Dorothy – She has the ability to find water during drought.  She is Kino’s classmate.
Lopee – A Nivan.
Masked Warriors – A group of soldiers headed by a War General to raise arms against the current empire and take the land under their care.
Minnowin – One of Akea’s provinces.  Lucca Arindola and McWindStorm Arren’s home town.  Minnowin’s people, the Minnowines, are fair skinned and usually tall.  They are quiet people.
Nivaton – It used to be one of Akea’s provinces, but it was destroyed by McWindstorm Arren.  It is now more popularly known as The Ghost Town.
Rios, Oded – A Palace Soldier.  His power is to weave air. 
Pasap, Miroe – He is fourteen moon-turns.  He has a twin named Goemi.  Miroe can freeze a heart.
Pasap, Goemi – She is fourteen moon-turns.  She has a twin named Miroe.  Goemi can unfreeze the heart that Miroe froze. 
Puge, Bambe – A Nivan. 
Raga – Lamare’s horse that she stole in the Akea Trading market.
Red – A pig.  One of Elder Mahen’s friends.
Dilo, Elder Mahen – One of the members of the Elder’s Guild.
Rinaldo, Paterno – A middle aged War General who openly opposes Wind during discussions. He has a beard and wide jaw.
Ronda, Dogan – Wind’s Man-Shield.  He is tall and has a huge frame.  Scars litter his face.  He limps when he walks.  He hates his power.
Ronda, Rupert; Mila, Inda, Bornok, Mari– Relatives of Dogan
Ronda, Drew – Rosa’s father and Dogan’s cousin.
Ronda, Rosa – Dogan’s niece.  She is ten moon-turns.  She has two missing front teeth.
Ronda, Robin – Dogan’s younger brother who is barely fifteen moon-turns.
Rudiah – Another province in Akea
San Diego, Andoni – A Nivan; Nivaton’s Head Hunter.  He leads the Nivan Hall.  Pyper’s father.
San Diego, Laren – A Nivan; Pyper’s mother.  She is a stocky woman with blonde hair.
San Diego, Pyper – A ghost of Nivaton. Kino’s friend.  She has curly blonde hair and blue eyes.  She has seen eleven moon-turns.
Sithar, Lucia – Lamare’s nurse.  She is a thin, pale woman whose hair is always in a bun.
The General – A War General who leads the Masked Warriors.  He is plotting against or for the palace. His intentions are not entirely clear.
The Mima – It is similar to the Oracle.  She is an old lady with long white hair.  She looks clean.  Her face glowed.  
Serpetus – A type of snake that’s known for its venom.  Its bite can kill a person in minutes.
Swordless Swordsman – A performer in Loondu who has seen fourteen moon-turns.
War Generals – Each province in Akea has a War General that supports the Ruling House of the provinces that make up Akea.  The War Generals were deployed to ensure that all provinces are united and controlled by the Kanelan Palace, the place where the Emperor resides.  The War Generals are:  Marcus Asan of Loondu, Beno Tibol of Ameres, Kapi Rebere of Bulacnin, Lono Duwerev of Minnowin, Rizalo Aguia of Rudiah, Aristel Kokona of Lacay Islands, Edom Masawi of Irina, Paterno Rinaldo of Karis Thia, Ayaan Noto of Prile, Miraso Quises of Anarida, Alua Horto of Nivaton, and Rener Calo of Kanela.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

I would like to thank my brother June for helping me come up with the powers of Akeans.  One morning while we were brainstorming on the way to work, he mentioned the concept of a Ghost Town and I immediately fell in love with it.
Thanks also to Marlon, a mentor and a friend, who never tired reading each new chapter that I sent.  Your words of encouragement were endearing.
Thanks to my dear Inay, who confessed to me that she never liked fantasy in the past, but fell in love with Pyper in this book.
Thanks to Pam who would sit with me and criticize my characters without which, the characters might not have developed fully.
Thanks to Tintin who squeezed reading my drafts in between her duties as a mom and wife to her family.
Thanks to Ayako for the room and the half-month’s worth of food I consumed in Singapore, etc.
Thank to Connie who sat with me over pasta to discuss the tone of the book.
Thanks to Meg and Fae for inputs on the plot.
Thanks also to Mary who generously gave me a picture of a lightning, which I initially used in this book's cover before changing it to a picture of Lamare and Kino.
Thanks to Marian Dela Fuente, an animation genius!  And to Gary who introduced me to her.
To my friends and family who supported me, my love goes out to you.
Cheers to all of us who keep on dreaming, and continue to make things happening.  Keep believing.
And to God, this is for You.
Thank you for reading.  I hope you enjoyed the world of Akea.  Please leave your comments by visiting my page on Facebook at: 
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Breaking-the-Scroll/546572868764206?ref=bookmarks

For updates on Book 2, please follow my Twitter @jeinsedai or @jingaver and like my Breaking the Scroll Facebook page.

Please share with your friends.

