

Beyond Fear
By Stephanie Hanlon



Copyright 2012 by Stephanie Hanlon

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be re-produced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including copying, recording, or by any information storage or retrieval system without express permission from the author.


For My Children
Chelsea-Mae & Oliver




Part One
Kaimeara
Prologue
The floor dropped.
A broken scream gripped her chest, the air sucked from her lungs as the world dissolved around her, the darkness creeping in on the colours of her vision as she plummeted into emptiness. Her hands reached out, grasping helplessly into the shadows, desperate to slow her fall, her shuddering body aching with terror, as the icy coolness of something unseen brushed against her, seeking her out as she tried to flee.
They were calling to her now, their voices high and mocking, taunting her with their laughter as they drew closer, but she could not block the sounds, the unrelenting noise filling her with panic.
Crying out she pleaded for them to stop, but no words would come, her voice stolen, as she plunged into the freezing cold water and was dragged beneath the waves. Her arms flailed frantically, desperate to reach the surface again, but even here she could not swim, the crushing weight pulling her further under, suffocating her, as their hands found her at last. 
Wildly she thrashed, fighting to free herself as she surfaced, her face clearing the water and gasping in a huge lungful of air. 
But still she could feel them below, searching for her. 
Blindly she stretched up, her hands brushing against the hard surface now above her. 
Where was she?
A wave of realisation rushed over her, the obstacle above crumbling beneath her fingers as she pushed harder. She was underground; buried beneath the earth.
Panic washed over her again as she screamed, her fingers scratching at the soil above and pulling huge clumps of it loose, in her desperation to stay afloat. 
Then with a last push her hand broke free, cool air hitting her face as she widened the hole; the water around her becoming thick with mud, as a way out appeared.
She clambered through, dragging herself out of the dark and climbing up until she was free, her body shaking as it collapsed to the dusty ground. 
Her breathing ragged, she struggled to pull herself upright, and looked around to find herself sitting on a high cliff, the night sky bright and clear with stars.
But still the shadows stalked her, their cries echoing in the air, the unseen faces clawing their way from below the depths, unwilling to let their prey escape. 
She staggered to her feet, her heart racing, the fear taking over and she ran. 
She knew what was coming. It always ended like this. There was no escape. 
Then with a sudden crack, the earth tore apart as the fires broke free, pouring from below and consuming everything in its path, the shadowy figures still hunting her as the blaze raged around them. 
On she ran, her feet heavy as she tried to reach the cliff edge, but it was no use, they were too fast. 
She felt their hands finally reach her, tightening about her body and dragging her down, a scream bursting from her lips as the flames drew in to claim her.
New Girl
Lizzie Somers looked up, the flashing green man turning to red as she dashed for the safety of the pavement, an impatient car screeching through the crossing behind her, before slamming its brakes on half way across.
“Idiot,” she yelled, shaking her head at the driver.
He gestured rudely through his open window and turned his radio louder. Then inching his car forwards into the early rush hour traffic, he bibbed aggressively at the large red bus filled with reluctant commuters, which blocked the way in front of him. 
Lizzie shook her head again in disbelief, crossing under the bridge where the words CAMDEN LOCK were scrawled in big yellow paint and turning away from the noise, she headed into the market itself.  
Camden Lock was a tourist trap. It’s den of passageways usually filled with people from all over the world, dawdling between stalls, buying bright coloured garments from pushy traders and filling their cameras with memories. At this time of the morning, however, it was still peaceful, the market seller’s still setting up their stalls; pots of rich exotic food cooking slowly and filling the air with delicious tempting aromas.
Lizzie edged her way through the tables, still subdued. This was normally her favourite part of the day, but even the sights and smells around her couldn’t drive away the cold chill of anxiety that she had woken with or the ominous feeling deep inside that something bad was going to happen. 
Her nightmares had been getting worse for weeks now, but last night had definitely been the worst. She had awoken in a blind panic, her breathing shallow, a chilled sweat drenching her bed covers and the feeling that she wasn’t really fully awake wrapped tightly around her, threatening to drag her back under into the dark. Back to the faceless voices, the laughter, the fear and the uncontrollable feeling of dread that no matter how much she tried, she just couldn’t escape. 
Yes, she thought, today is going to be a really bad day. She could feel it.
Lizzie shuddered involuntarily as she left the market behind and taking a deep breath she stepped out onto the canal towpath. The rushing noise of gallons of water greeted her as it crashed through the lock below her feet, its deafening roar filling her ears.
Closing her eyes and lifting her face up to the sun, she stood for a few moments, letting its warmth chase away the last of her chills. Then drawing another deep breath, she opened them once more. 
It was always so peaceful here, so calm; a picture perfect moment frozen in time, and as she briskly walked along the path, her eyes flitted to the water, drawn to the flickering reflections on the surface.
Lizzie hated the water; she had ever since the accident, her fear overpowering but still there was something that drew her to it, a dark fascination that calmed her; a distant memory of feeling safe. 
Her hand ran distractedly down to the silver bracelet on her wrist, her fingers stroking the cool familiar metal, and she closed her eyes again, choking back the memories of her Dad, too painful to let surface, when a sudden noise shattered her thoughts.
Her eyes flew open, her feet freezing at the tunnel entrance just ahead of her.
It was them. They were already there, standing on the other side of the tunnel.
Waiting for her, just like they were every other morning.
She suddenly felt sick, her throat drying, her tongue sticking to the roof of her mouth, their loud screeches echoing in her ears. The high, girlish laughs crippling her; the fear from her dream sweeping over her again, as she stood rooted to the spot. 
How was it possible she could let these girls make her feel so worthless, let them bully and hate without reason. Why did she feel such fear and utter loss of control whenever she was around them? 
She hated these feelings, despised herself for letting people make her feel this way, but there was nothing she could do, no-one that could help her. She learnt that the hard way. Every move, every school, it was always the same. A hierarchy that you learnt to find your place in, but there was always one girl who needed to prove herself, needed to feel in charge, to make others feel worthless. 
Once, she had stood up to one of those girls, a long time ago now and the look on the other girl’s face as she had punched her was priceless; the euphoria of fighting back filling Lizzie with hope, but it hadn’t lasted long. The girl and her friends had been waiting for her after school, and it had hurt to breathe for weeks once they had finished. Their kicks and punches teaching her a lesson she had never forgotten. 
You don’t fight back. 
But she wanted to. 
Buried deep inside there was a need to stand up for herself, to free herself from her shell, but she just couldn’t find the strength to do it. Years of moving, of always being the new girl had wiped  it out of her and most times now she felt completely out of control. Like a worn pebble swept up by the sea and dashed against the rocks until the surface was smooth and dull, no character, no life, just invisible among the other pebbles.
When she’d turned sixteen and left school, she’d hoped things would change but when she moved to her new sixth form, she’d picked out Sam straight away. 
Sam ruled the school mercilessly; her gang of friends prowling the grounds, preying on the weak and Lizzie had soon learnt the school halls were walked in fear. You either got out of the way, or you got crushed and not matter how hard she tried to stay out of her way, Sam had set her sights on slowly destroying her. 
No matter what she did, no matter how hard she tried to stay invisible they were always there, making her life miserable and as she stood listening to their voices echoing through the tunnel, she felt the familiar panic flooding her veins. Could still feel the fear, the aching dread of anxiety crushing down on her; could still see Sam’s smug smile, could hear their spiteful voices in her head, and she knew.
She couldn’t do it. 
Didn’t want to do it, she wanted to run away and hide but deep down inside she knew she couldn’t run forever. So, with her stomach churning with a mixture of anxiety, fear and anger, she made her way through the tunnel to face them. 
They were all there, four girls, three boys; the faces behind her nightmares and as she drew closer she felt the bile rise in her throat. 
They spotted her at once, their jeers and taunting hitting her like heavy blows. She lowered her head and tried to pass but just as she thought she’d got away with it Tia stepped in front of her.
“You think you’re better than us, don’t you?” Tia hissed, grabbing her arm.
Lizzie pulled away, recoiling from the hatred etched into Tia’s features, and a momentary flicker of defiance crept up inside her. 
How she’d love to wipe that smug look off her face.
“Well, look who wants to play,” Sam mocked.
Lizzie watched the rest of the gang close in for the confrontation. 
“You got something to say to us?” Sam said.
Lizzie looked down, the fear overwhelming, her heart starting to race in panic. There were too many of them. 
“Better run, new girl,” Lucas remarked, stepping menacingly towards her. 
 Backing up, she slipped as she ran, their laughter chasing after her, but she did not stop until she reached the steps. 
She glanced back catching sight of them following; her eyes drawn towards Lucas kneeling down on the canal path. He stood, looking up at her and for a split second she thought their eyes met, but then with a loud clanging a bottle slammed into the metal stairs beside her and she moved again, fleeing up the steps to the safety of the school gates. 
******
The door to the girls’ room slammed shut with an echoing thud, the sound resonating off the tiled walls with a deathly finality.
“So Princess, you think you can just take what’s mine?”
Lizzie’s eyes flicked up to the mirror above her, the sound of running water unable to drown out the menace in the room as she stared at the reflection of the four girls standing behind her. 
Her heart sank. They’d followed her. 
Lizzie straightened up, glancing around at the now empty cubicles, her chest constricting with fear, her fingers gripping the sink she was standing over while the girls watched her every move like predators waiting to attack.  
Sam stepped forward and grinned; a smudge of red lipstick smeared across her perfectly white teeth like blood from a fresh kill as she reached out and grabbed Lizzie’s hair, forcing her to turn.
“I never…,” Lizzie choked.
“You think you’re better than me?” Sam said, digging her fingers into Lizzie’s scalp.
“Sam, please…” Lizzie begged, the disgust at herself rising in her chest as she heard her own pleading voice; her words like acid in her mouth. 
“Sam, please,” the other girl mimicked, to a chorus of harsh laughter. “You’re pathetic, you know that?”
Lizzie tried to pull away, a flash of anger sweeping over her but as she stepped back, Tia moved in, her larger bulk blocking Lizzie’s way as she punched her hard in the back. Lizzie crumpled forwards, her breath crushed from her body. She gasped for air, but she was held fast as the bell begun to ring loudly. 
Lizzie’s eyes darted for the door, a split second of hope flashing across her face as she heard voices outside. 
Sam snorted. 
“You think someone’s coming to save you, new girl?”
Lizzie’s brief hope died; her anger fading as she realised her defeat. 
There was no one coming. Why would there be? She was on her own just like she had been ever since she’d arrived. 
Sam laughed, pulling Lizzie closer. 
“I own this school,” she sneered as Lizzie flinched.
Sam paused, peering closely at her reflection in the mirror, her actions distracted for a brief moment as she leaned forward crushing Lizzie against the sink and smiling at herself she casually rubbed the lipstick from her teeth.
Sam smiled again, happy with the result and then turned back to Lizzie.
“Just like I own you.”
Sam laughed, pushing Lizzie to the floor, her head striking the edge of the sink as she fell and then they were gone. 
Left alone in her humiliation, Lizzie felt her tears start to burn. 
Just once she’d like to show them. Just once she’d like to make them pay. 
She pulled her knees in tight, hugging them close to her body, a loud rattling sob tearing from her chest and it was only then she noticed her Dad’s bracelet was gone. 
Attack
Lizzie flew to her feet, her tears forgotten. She stripped off her jacket, searching frantically for her missing bracelet, but it was nowhere, her clothes, her bag, the floor, were all clear. Her body crumpled back to the tiles, a lump rising in her throat. It had been the last thing her Dad had ever given her, and now it was gone, just like him.
The tears welled up inside. What had she done with it? She knew she had it on the canal this morning but where had it come loose. 
Tia she suddenly thought, when Tia had grabbed her. 
She felt a sinking feeling inside, remembering Lucas bending down.
He picked it up!
She fought the panic tightening around her chest but as she made her way into class, Sam’s sneering face confirmed her worst fears, they had it.
The morning passed in a daze as Lizzie struggled with what to do. If she told her teacher, Sam would make her pay; if she confronted her, it would be even worse.
It was only a bracelet she kept telling herself; it didn’t mean anything. It wasn’t going to bring her Dad back. 
But she was lying to herself. It meant everything.
By lunch time she was frantic, the loss eating away at her while she watched Sam parading around the courtyard until she decided she had to tell someone. It didn’t matter what would happen to her.
Crossing over the playground making sure they hadn’t seen her, and ignoring the big sign reading NO ENTRY DUE TO FLOODING, she headed under the arches leading past the swimming pool and up into the school. Pupils weren’t allowed in here, but that only meant there was less chance of her being seen and so she snuck into the darkness. 
She had almost reached the school building when she heard someone call her name, and turning back she found Lucas quickly crossing the space towards her, his effortless good looks watching her from beneath a curtain of long blonde hair. Never having seen him without the others she was slightly surprised to see him now on his own, her suspicion growing as he approached.
“Lizzie,” he said, as he moved towards her.
Was this a trick? She looked around her. Where were the others? 
“I think you dropped this,” he said, holding out his hand.
There lying on his palm was her bracelet. 
She stepped a little closer, looking up at his face, the unease growing inside her. 
He smiled, but it wasn’t a sneering smile like the one he usually wore, this one was genuine, his clear blue eyes lighting up as he watched her.
“I thought I lost it,” she whispered, relaxing as she smiled back, leaning in to take the bracelet, when a voice suddenly sent a shiver down her spine.
“Well, what do we have here?”
Lizzie’s hand froze in mid-air, the smile on Lucas’ face disappearing, instantly replaced by the harsh glazed look he usually wore, his top lip pulling down to form his usual aggressive sneer. His eyes now cold stared into hers, the moment frozen, neither daring to breathe as they listened to the footsteps echoing around the arches; flashes of her dream creeping over her as the fear started to take hold.
“Got yourself a new girlfriend without telling us?” Sam snorted, chorused by laughter as Sam, and the rest of her gang came into view behind Lucas. 
The moment was broken as Lizzie watched Lucas, his swagger returning, turn to his friends withdrawing his hand from her.     
“Yeah right,” he laughed, “Did you see her face?”
He looked back at Lizzie, but his eyes were still cold, refusing to meet hers. 
It was all a trick she thought. He had set her up, and the worst thing was that she now knew they had her bracelet. She couldn’t help it, but she could feel the tears of frustration, hot and burning start to prickle at the corners of eyes. 
Now what was she going to do? 
They had all gathered around her when she heard Lucas again.
“She looks like a little lost puppy,” he taunted, holding his hand up. “Fetch, like a good little girl,” and he threw the bracelet across the arches into a large muddy puddle just near the drain, nestled almost in darkness. He looked straight at Lizzie and laughed. His friends laughed in response. 
“Nice one,” Mark chuckled, stepping forwards and clapping him on the back.
Lizzie’s fear broke. Her mind filled with only one need, to get her bracelet back before it was lost down the drain. She shoved past them and ran for the puddle, kneeling down on all fours and thrusting her hands into the cold, stagnant water. 
It was only when she felt sharp fingers digging into the back of her hair did she remember where she was.
“Don’t know about a puppy,” Sam mocked, “More like scum to me.”
“In the gutter where she belongs,” laughed Tia.
“Do you like it down there?” Sam continued, pushing Lizzie further down towards the puddle.
Lizzie struggled trying her hardest to pull backwards, but she suddenly felt hands holding on to her and a knee pressed into her shoulders, forcing her further to the ground until she was lying flat on her stomach, her face inches from the puddle. 
She could hear Sam talking, but the panic as her face was pushed under the water wiped everything from her mind. Her breath caught in her throat, and she struggled desperately trying to get her head free but she couldn’t and as the muddy water flooded her nose, she choked, inhaling even more. 
Thrashing frantically, she struggled even harder, the mud at the bottom of the puddle starting to smother her face, but the weight was too heavy, and she couldn’t shake them. Overwhelming panic swept all rational thought from her mind until finally the pressure eased, and she was thrown sideways on to the floor. She gasped a great lungful of air, frantically clawing the mud from her face as she lay shaking on the concrete.
“And don’t forget it,” Sam spat, kicking her hard in the stomach, “Or next time I won’t be so nice.”
And then they were gone, and there was silence.
Lizzie wasn’t sure just how long she had stayed there, but she was so scared she didn’t care. Someone would find her.
Eventually, when she realised no one was coming she got to her knees and crawled back to the puddle. Her quivering hand slipped into the cold water, searching until finally it fell across something sharp buried deep within the mud. She pulled it out and there lying in the palm of her hand was her bracelet. The sight of the silver heart reflecting in the gloom broke through her paralysis, and she felt the tears begin to fall, wishing it would be over forever. 
*********
They sent her home when they found her, thinking she’d fainted, and she had spent the rest of the week in bed surrounded by warm covers and her teddies, just like when she was little. But by the end of the week, when she was showing no signs of a fever or sickness, her Mum was insistent she went back to school.
So here she was Friday morning, standing once more paralysed by the entrance to the tunnel, listening to the voices from her nightmares, her frustration growing as she let her fear win. 
Why couldn’t she just stand up to them, why did she let them make her feel like this?  But no matter how much she tried, she couldn’t bring herself to step into the tunnel and then something caught her eye just above the water. 
It was sparkling, flitting in and out of the ripples just out of view, a warm familiarity about it. She stepped closer to the water trying to see if she could see it again, but it kept moving just out of sight; dancing temptingly across the surface; somehow reassuring, somehow making her feel safe. It was only when she felt the brightness of the sun on her face that she realised she had followed it through the tunnel to the other side.
“Look what we have here,” a voice remarked, and she looked up to see Sam and the rest of them waiting for her just a few yards ahead. 
It was too late to turn back now, Lizzie thought. It would be quicker to run on to school. When she was there, she could get her teacher to send her home again. She looked away from them back at the water, concentrating to see if she could find the lights again, flicking in and out of the surface. 
But there was none, only the crystal clear reflections staring back at her. 
They were so translucent today, as if the rain had washed away all the grime and dirt. 
Her heart pounding she moved closer to the edge, concentrating on the images and trying to block out the taunts around her. 
She could see the trees, the boats and the second bridge just ahead of her. 
She was almost there.
“We didn’t think you’d have the guts?” Nicky snapped, grabbing hold of her arm. 
Visions of them holding her under the water rushed into her mind and pulling her arm free she quickly pushed past.
But then Sam was in front of her. 
“You’d better not have told anyone,” she smiled, stroking Lizzie’s cheek. 
“I didn’t,” Lizzie stammered.
“Good,” Sam said, gripping her face tight, “Because it would be so much worse for you if you had.” She grinned, pushing Lizzie’s face hard.
Lizzie stumbled backwards to a chorus of laughter and just keeping her balance she turned, walking away from them.
“Maybe we should give her another lesson. Make Sure she doesn’t forget,” Mark laughed.  
She could hear them starting after her, the panic deepening in the pit of her stomach as her feet quickened. The stairs loomed just ahead of her. She was going to make it.  
But then she felt a hard tug from behind as someone grabbed hold of her bag. 
Lizzie pulled it sharply trying to speed up, but the movement put her off-balance and she felt her feet slip on the rain-covered pathway, sending her drastically towards the edge of the canal. 
She felt the ice-cold water flood into her lungs before she realised what had happened, the deafening sound of the splash filling her ears and trying to stop herself sinking, she struggled against the weight of her cardigan and school bag. 
Forcing her eyes open, to see which way was up, she could just make out shapes all around her, a high muffled laughter causing the panic to set in once again. She fought against the crushing weight, desperately trying to reach the surface but as she inhaled another great lungful of water all she could think was; why hadn’t I learnt swim? 
Being scared was no excuse, she should have done it. Nothing could be worse than this. 
Her hand reached down, pulling at her schoolbag, trying to free it from her shoulder but her cardigan was caught on it, trapping it against her body. She yanked again and again, the voices above her fading, everything becoming hazy.
There was the distant sound of another splash and she felt something pulling on her arm, but she didn’t care anymore; it was finally peaceful.  A glimpse of light just flickering out of sight caught her eye and she smiled, a wave of relief sweeping her body.
This is what her Dad must have felt like she thought, sinking even further.
She didn’t even feel the rock as her head struck it sharply, spilling her crimson blood into the murky water. 
The last thing she saw was the glistening lights before Lizzie’s world turned black. 
Lost
Before Lizzie even opened her eyes she could feel the burning in her chest where she had swallowed mouthfuls of the foul-tasting canal water. It felt heavy, like a weight pressing down on her, restricting her body. She inhaled deeply trying to clear it and gagged, instinctively turning on her side, thick greenish fluid spewing from her mouth and choking her, the smell of it burning her eyes; acrid and putrid. 
Once the vomiting had passed, her breathing gradually returning to normal, she collapsed face down onto the soft surface beneath her, her body shaking with exhaustion as she let out a slow, rattling sigh.
“Oh my God, I’m dead,” she whispered out loud.
“I seriously doubt people snore that loud when they’re dead,” she heard a boy’s voice answer her.
Her eyes flew open to be greeted by a dazzling bright sun, sitting high in the sky. 
Blinking a couple of times until the world came into view, she could just make out the shape of a figure sitting beside her. Awkwardly she clambered to a sitting position, the pain in her chest still burning and turned to face the boy next to her.
“Lucas?” she breathed in surprise. “Now I know I’m dead. I’ve gone to hell.”
“Hell, I’m not so sure about, but we’re definitely not in Kansas anymore,” he laughed uncomfortably. “You know the film,” he said quickly, seeing her blank look. 
Lizzie stared at him in bemusement, as his words faltered, and they fell into an awkward silence. 
“So how you feeling?” he asked after a short pause. “I think you bashed your head on something. There was a lot of blood.”
Lizzie let her hand wander up to the back of her head where a piece of cloth was tied around it, and she realised that most of her pain was coming from here, as a searing wave of nausea swept over her. Flinching at the touch she looked back over at Lucas noticing the torn fabric at the bottom of his shirt. 
Had he tried to help her? 
She took another deep breath in trying to clear her head, which was feeling increasingly fuzzy every time she moved and realised how hot her breath felt against her lips. She ran her tongue across them feeling the dry, cracked skin, a salty heat in the air, stinging as she tried to moisten them, and it was then that she finally noticed her surroundings.
Her eyes widened taking in the bright sun shining in a cloudless blue sky, high above them. The grey rain-soaked pavements and buildings had long disappeared replaced now by a desert of purple sand that stretched as far as the eye could see, to meet a horizon of deep green trees waving gently in the breeze.
Lizzie looked down to where she was sitting and let her hands run through the purple sand beneath her. Hypnotised by its strangeness, she let her eyes be drawn across to where it met the edges of a vivid pink river that weaved its way through the landscape; large ripples spreading across the surface as creatures Lizzie couldn’t quite see, flittered in and out of the water.
“Are we dead?” 
“I don’t think so,” Lucas answered, “But I’m not quite sure where we are.”
“Maybe we’re both unconscious and lying at the bottom of the canal,” she joked, looking back up at him, “Or maybe you’re not really here.”
With a sudden swiftness that made Lizzie jump, Lucas moved towards her and pinched her hard on the arm. 
“Ow,” Lizzie yelled, pulling her arm back.
“Now if I wasn’t here you wouldn’t have felt that,” he said. He pinched her again.  “And if we were unconscious that wouldn’t have hurt.” 
“You pinch me again, and I’m going to hurt you,” she stammered, turning away from him as she rubbed at her arm.
They sat for a few moments in silence, both with their backs to each other, looking into the unknown distance, the dryness in the air seeming to suck out all their energy.
“I’m sorry,” Lucas said after a while, breaking the quiet, “I didn’t mean to hurt your arm. I just wasn’t thinking, as usual.”
“It’s fine,” she lied, refusing to turn around, the awkwardness creeping back over them.
“I’m just as confused as you are,” Lucas began, struggling to get to his feet. “The last thing I remember was jumping in after you and then there was a light…”
“You jumped in after me?” Lizzie interrupted.
“Yeah,” he replied, walking to the edge of the river. “Stupid right,” he said, throwing a stone into the silky surface. “Some rescue mission, huh. Instead of rescuing you, we end up in this place.”
“At least we’re not dead,” Lizzie laughed. “We’ve established that much.”
Lucas turned to face her again and laughed, the bright clear sound ringing out across the deserted landscape and making Lizzie feel better.
“And besides,” Lizzie whispered to herself, getting to her feet, “At least I’m not alone.”
She stood her head feeling woozy, but her movements were restricted and looking down she realised her bag and cardigan were still tied in knots around her body. Sitting back down in frustration, she tugged harder at the knots, the impossible tangles tightening even more around her waist.
“Aaagh,” she cried in exasperation.
“Here,” Lucas said moving towards her. “I think your top’s caught on a badge or something on your bag.” 
He knelt beside her and turned her bag over, pulling her cardigan out of the way. 
“I tried to get it off earlier but I…Um,” he faltered, turning a deep shade of red as his hand brushed the soft skin of her stomach beneath her shirt, and he pulled his hand away as a flutter of butterflies rushed over her. 
“Here,” he said, pulling hard and there lying in his hand lay a shiny silver brooch in the shape of a dragon. The bag fell back to the ground, but Lizzie couldn’t take her eyes from the brooch, the butterflies now forgotten.
“It was my Dad’s,” she choked, putting out her hand to take it from him, but her hand faltered, and she froze.
A sudden image had forced its way into the back of her mind. A memory of that day in school, when he’d held out her bracelet. She looked at his face that was now staring at her, then back down at his outstretched hand, but the image of his sneering smile kept forcing its way back into her thoughts. 
Did you see her face, echoed loudly in her ears as she shut her eyes trying to block out the images.
“Lizzie, you alright?”
“I’m fine,” she snapped back, opening her eyes again. 
But she wasn’t fine. 
She looked up at Lucas, his big blue eyes staring at her, and she felt sick. She didn’t know where she was or what had happened, but it didn’t mean Lucas was suddenly going to start being her friend. It didn’t mean she should start trusting him. 
“Lizzie, are you sure you’re alright, you’re as white as a ghost? We really should get someone to look at your head.” 
“I said I was fine,” she repeated, getting to her feet as a great stab of pain seared through her head, and the floor weaved beneath her, threatening to dump her back on the sand, but she stood her ground. She wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction. “And if you can find someone to look at my head then that’s fine with me,” she added, struggling with her cardigan.
“Alright, you don’t need to bite my head off,” he replied, walking away from her. Then stopping he turned back, and thrust the brooch into her hands. “Here you don’t want to lose this, do you?” 
Lizzie looked down at the brooch and then up again to the retreating back of Lucas.
“Well, I guess I don’t have much choice do I,” she resolved, grabbing her bag and swinging it over her shoulder. “And I guess it could be worse.” 
She sighed deeply, looking around and groaned as she took off after Lucas.
“No it couldn’t, but I guess he’s all I’ve got.”


******
Deep within the folds of darkness, buried far beneath the earth, the magic awakened.
The air crackled as a hooded figure stepped from the shadows; her hands clasped tightly hidden below the heavy cloak she wore. She paused staring out into emptiness, the barred window blocked by fallen rubble and waited as she heard the incantations behind her and the door opened, flooding the dank cell with a shaft of flickering candle light. 
She did not turn as a figure entered, his boots ringing loudly in the enclosed space, his breathing laboured.
“Has the prophecy begun?” he asked his voice low.
“Yes,” she replied softly.
 “Who was it that came through the borders?” he ordered.
“I do not know.”
“Will they change the future?” 
“Fate has not yet decided.” 
She felt his intake of breath, a sharp stab in the silence as he turned from her to the guard still standing in the hall.
“Search the Borders,” he barked, the door slamming behind him as he left, his voice resonating through the stone walls. “And bring me whoever came through them.”
The figure smiled to herself withdrawing her hand from within the gathered fabric of her cloak, the magic flickering in her fingertips as she pressed it tight to her chest and breathed deeply.
“Quickly Keeper,” she whispered “There is not much time.”

******
The little man’s head flew up from the book he was reading, his startling green eyes wide behind his bottle thick glasses as he clutched his hand to his chest.
“Oh my,” he whispered, leaping to his feet, the forgotten book falling to the floor as he ran from the library, swiftly ascending the steps into the watchers room. 
He ran his hand over the large smooth stone, suspended on the wall before him, feeling the rush of magic as the Eye of Eldara awoke, the milky surface turning translucent before filling with a swirl of colour as images started to appear. He ran his hand slowly over the patterns, whispering the incantations as the picture began to clear, and he saw the figures come into focus. His hand flew to his mouth, a gasp escaping from his lips.
“Someone is coming.”
Taken
Lizzie and Lucas walked side by side for hours, never seeming to grow any closer to the wall of trees they were heading for, the deep green taunting them, forever miles away on the horizon. The hot sun above grew higher and higher in the sky, the sweat streaming salty streaks down their faces and bodies, the breath struggling in their throats as they carried on endlessly across the sand. 
Lizzie’s head was pounding; the dried blood smeared across her face and neck, matted thickly through her long, dark hair and with every step she became even lighter headed, a delirious fever taking hold as she walked on. Her bag felt like it was full of bricks, the steady swinging beating out a rhythm against her back that matched the pulsing she felt through her body.
All she wanted to do was lie down on the sand and go to sleep. That would feel like heaven right about now. She paused trying to swallow through her dry throat and switched her bag to the other side, the movement sending another wave of nausea through her body, the dull ache turning to a sharp stabbing in her head.
“Here, let me take that for you,” Lucas said, moving and taking the bag from her.
“Well, aren’t you just my knight in shining armour,” Lizzie remarked, without thinking. Where had that come from? 
The words had just blurted out before she could stop herself. She could hear the sarcasm in them. Hear the slurred tone of her voice. It felt like it was someone else talking. It wasn’t really her. She couldn’t be that spiteful. She just badly needed a drink. Her throat felt scratchy, and her chest burned with every new step. The heat was unbearable, and her head felt like it was on fire. All she wanted to do was lie down. Just for a while. Maybe she would even wake up at home. Now that would be great. She looked up at Lucas her mind struggling to focus and caught sight of the look on his face, and she suddenly felt compelled to laugh. 
“What is your problem?” he snapped, throwing her bag on the ground.
Lizzie stopped, looking back at the boy who haunted her nightmares and felt the anger starting to burn. It washed over her like a tidal wave of red, filling her head with his laughter, her chest constricting, as she thought she was going to black out.  She stared at him suddenly feeling the need to hurt him as much as he had hurt her. She wanted him to know what it felt like.
“Oh, I don’t know,” she snorted. “Maybe it’s because I almost drowned. Or maybe it’s the fact that I’m stuck here, in God only knows where with you. Or maybe it’s the fact that I don’t care anymore,” she shouted, her body swaying and beginning to shake. 
Lucas stood staring at her slightly taken aback by her outburst.
“What happened to you?” he asked. “It’s like you’re another person or something.”
“Why do you miss her, do you? Nice timid little Lizzie, who always kept her mouth shut. Always did what she was told. All she wanted was a chance but oh no, she wasn’t good enough,” she spat.
Lucas didn’t answer as he watched the tears start to stream down her face.
“Well, maybe she did die,” she snapped, wiping her tears away in anger. “Maybe she filled her lungs up with vile green canal water, because me, I’ve had enough. Enough of people telling me what to do! Enough of being scared. Enough of being, just Lizzie.”
 “I don’t know why I bothered,” Lucas butted in, hatred spreading across his face.
“You know what, neither do I.”
They stared at each other the anger now filling both of them. Lizzie didn’t know what she was doing; she just couldn’t stop herself. She could feel herself shaking, could see Lucas, his face now cold as ice staring at her.
“Well, the next time you’re in trouble, I won’t bother helping you then,” he said.
“Good. I don’t need your help anyway,” she said, turning to walk away from him.
“I should have just left you,” he sneered at her back.
Lizzie stopped and turned.
“Now that wouldn’t have been a surprise, would it. Seeing as it was because of your friends that I was in the water in the first place.”
Lucas looked as if she’d slapped him, the colour draining from his face as he stood frozen to the spot unable to answer.
Lizzie stopped in front of him her head bent, not wanting to look into his face. 
“Have you ever been so scared that even death seems like an easier option? That anything was better than what you had to go through,” she asked, looking up at him. “Been so defeated because you know deep down inside that no matter what you do or how hard you try, it’ll never be good enough, and there’s nothing anyone can do about it. No, what would you know about it, with your perfect clothes and perfect family and perfect friends.”
 She shook her head; her outburst finished, defeat on her face as she straightened up, wiping her face. 
“Well, I’m done because I’m never going to let anyone make me feel like that again.”
Lucas moved forward, his face softening, and he opened his mouth to speak.
She held her hand up stopping him. 
“Stay away from me Lucas,” she whispered as she turned and walked away, leaving him where he was standing.
“Right, what would I know about it,” Lucas sighed dejectedly. 
He watched her walk away for a few minutes and then shouldering her bag he turned and began to walk in the opposite direction, his infuriation growing with every step as he thought about what she’d said. She had no idea what he’d been through, what his life was like. Who was she to judge him! He’d been the one trying to help her but not anymore, he was done trying to be nice. 
“Well fine, if that’s how she wants it, let’s see how she does on her own,” he shouted aloud, stomping his feet in the sand with aggravation.
He had walked almost two hundred yards before he heard the scream. He turned instantly to where he had last seen Lizzie, his heart pounding in his chest, but she wasn’t there. He heard the scream again, this time from high above. He looked up and could just make out Lizzie’s long brown hair blowing madly in the wind as she hung gripped in the claws of a large orange…
No, it couldn’t be!
Lucas shut his eyes shaking his head in disbelief. Maybe he was seeing things, like a mirage or something because of the heat. Surely he was. There was no other explanation. He opened his eyes again just in time to see a large orange dragon soar into the canopy of the trees.
Lizzie clasped tightly in its talons.
Monsters and Vines
Lucas stood for what seemed like an eternity staring into the distant horizon.
It couldn’t have been he thought.
There was no way.
He strained his eyes as hard as he could, but all signs of the large orange dragon had faded, lost amidst the blanket of green. He shuddered, a sudden feeling of being very small and abandoned washing over him as he realised he was lost and alone in this vast desert in an unknown land. 
Now what was he supposed to do? 
Not that he would have admitted it to anyone, but he was actually starting to feel a bit scared. That was an actual, real dragon he thought, struggling to comprehend what he had seen. 
Yeah and imagine how Lizzie feels? 
The thought popped into his head from nowhere.  
“This is all my fault,” he said, falling to his knees. “I didn’t mean for this to happen,” he shouted to the endless sky, but his words were lost, swept away in the emptiness.  “What am I supposed to do, go after her?”
He felt the churning in his stomach, twisting tightly, and he felt sick. “She didn’t want my help, so why should I.”
He shut his eyes, his words sounding un-convincing in his own mouth as he stood up abruptly. 
“Let’s see how well she gets on without me,” he said, turning his back on the trees and walking in the other direction but with each new step his chest grew tighter and tighter, the air stealing from his lungs as he tried to block the racing thoughts from creeping into his mind, but he couldn’t. 
What if she’s in real trouble he thought and the realisation stopped him in his tracks. What if she was hurt? Was he really going to leave her without trying? Was he really that much of a coward? She was all that he had, and he owed her this.  More than he ever wanted to admit to himself.
Taking a deep breath, his nerves calming with his resolve, he turned setting off at a run towards the line of trees he had seen them enter. 
He ran on and on, his feet pounding on the soft sand, his body falling into a steady rhythm and his breathing becoming even; the world around him fading.  It was like this ever since he was little.  Running was the one place that he felt free. There was no one else just him. The beating of his heart hummed in his ears, and all thought drained from his mind. This is what it must feel like to fly he’d thought to himself on many occasions and now whilst he ran through the deserted landscape he could almost feel as if he was. 
The time passed only by the passage of the sun as it made its way across the sky, the gap between himself and the trees steadily decreasing. It was only when he was almost there that his trance was broken by a loud roaring sound, bursting from the canopies high above him, and a warm rush of air swept over his body as the orange dragon sped past in the other direction. Lucas spurred himself on and made the cover of the trees just before the dragon circled high above him. He squashed himself flat against the ground, covered now entirely with hedges and peered out at the landscape he had just departed. 
It was only then that Lucas could fully view the creature he had earlier seen flying in the distance and his breath caught in his throat, his hands trembling as he stared at the creature in front of him. It was stopped a few yards ahead of him, hovering in the air as it scanned the landscape below and Lucas realised that what had seemed bright orange earlier was, in fact, the most beautiful blend of every shade of orange imaginable, each one perfectly placed so that it created an impenetrable armour covering the dragons’ entire body. Each of its strong, powerful arms and legs were tipped with five glistening talons that shone golden in the afternoon sunlight. Its long, graceful neck now bent so low, its head protruding downwards as if it were searching for something, whilst its enormous wings beat continuously, sending long draughts of wind billowing across the landscape. 
Lucas knew he should have felt fear, huddled there in the bushes but all he could do was gaze at the magnificent creature he had only ever seen in storybooks or films.
Then with a loud roar and the whooshing of wings it was gone, flying away once more into the distance.
Lucas caught his breath at last released from his captivity and a thought rushed into his head.
It didn’t have Lizzie with it.
That could only mean one thing. The dragon’s lair was somewhere in the forest and if he was lucky Lizzie would still be alive.
All he had to do now was find it.

****

He stayed for a few moments longer, nestled within the hedges, the crisp air refreshing on his face and body after his long run through the blistering heat. Then as his breathing steadied he crawled his way out from his hiding place to find himself standing on the forest floor. A lush blanket of green grass grew underfoot, whilst flowers of every colour and size wound their way through bushes; climbing across giant tree roots, bursting from the ground as if the trees were trying to break free from the earth.
“Well, a dragon still needs water,” he remarked, heading towards the river which had now wound its way back into the woods and continued into the foliage, disappearing ahead into the distance. “Seems like a good enough direction to follow.”
And with that Lucas began his journey into the depths of the wood.  
He walked on for a while, treading carefully so as not to disturb the small birds and millions of butterflies covering the blankets of flowers that grew abundantly across every surface, his eyes drawn to the yellow vines that glistened in the sunshine as they entwined themselves across the forest floor; sudden flickers making him jump as he convinced himself they were moving whenever he turned away. But there was nothing, just a sense of calmness. A stillness which hung in the air, as if it no one had been here for a very long time and as the day gradually wore on he felt a strange peace creep over him, a warmth spreading through his body as he trod over the roots and fallen logs, careful not to crush any of the flora surrounding him. In this fashion, he walked on until he came across a small clearing where the source of the river began in a large rock pool which was slowly being filled by a trickling waterfall that flowed steadily from the rocks above. 
The surrounding area was lush with plants and Lucas could see small animals, though he wasn’t sure what they were, drinking from the pool. After worrying all afternoon whether this water was safe to drink Lucas felt relieved to see the animals drinking it. Without a second hesitation, he ran the remaining distance and threw himself down on the ground beside the pool. He drank deeply, the cool pink water surprisingly refreshing and splashed his face and neck, feeling the burning of his skin from his run through the sun. He could just imagine what his mum would say about him not wearing any sunscreen, and the thought made him laugh out loud, scaring all the animals away. He got to his feet holding his hands up to the small animals, a bizarre thought creeping into his head as he walked towards them. If this was a Fairy Story with dragons, shouldn’t the animals be able to talk. Well, it was worth a try.
“Hey, little furry thing,” he called, not knowing what the creatures were. “It’s okay. I’m not going to hurt you.” He stepped a little closer but with every step the animals backed away.
“It’s okay; I’m just trying to find my friend,” he said, reaching towards the bushes where they were hiding. Their large bright eyes peered out at him from the greenery and then with a sudden screech they flew out of the bush, knocking Lucas to the ground and dashed away into the forest.
“So much for talking animals,” he muttered, getting to his feet and feeling his face where they had scratched him. “Why I am such an idiot?” 
He went back over to the pool and sat down beside it, a growing concern aching in his chest as he tried to think straight. All signs of the strange creatures had vanished and once again he was on his own. Now what was he meant to do. He knew if this really was a Fairy Tale an answer would present itself, but as he looked around he knew in his heart that this wasn’t a story, or a dream, it was as real as anything. As real as the rock he was sitting on, as real as the water he had fallen into, and it was as real as the sun sinking into the darkening sky above his head as he realised how late it was getting. 
When they started out towards the trees, the sun had been high in the sky. Now it was low on the horizon, the sky turning to a beautiful blend of orange, pink, and red that reminded Lucas once again of the amazing dragon he had seen. It seemed like hours ago since he had seen it, and he had not heard it returning so hopefully Lizzie would still be safe.
All he wanted to do now was lay down and rest. The glade beside the pool would be perfect. He searched around for a while until he found a smallish tree beside the waterfall that was slightly more protected than the others. He climbed up into it and found it surprisingly comfortable and perfect to sleep in. The soft leaves beneath and all around him felt like feathers that soothed him, until very soon he was fast asleep.

********

Lucas awoke to the smell of Christmas trees, the warm cosy feeling filling him with warmth as it reminded him of those many mornings he had arisen in eager anticipation of what was to come. He opened his eyes, surprised to find himself in complete darkness. Was it still night-time he thought, trying to pull himself into a sitting position, but no matter how much he tried he couldn’t move. He turned over onto his side trying to remember what had happened last night, but it was kind of hazy, like his mind was full of fog. He could sort of remember the pool of water he had drunk from but not much else. What was in that water he thought still struggling to move? Maybe the dragon had found him.  Why couldn’t he remember? His body ached all over, and there was a searing pain across his face. He moved his hand up to his cheek and felt a long deep scratch across it. Of course, the creatures in the bush he thought, feeling himself blush at the memory of him thinking the animals could talk. How stupid could you get?
But where was he now? He struggled to remember, but the soft warmth all around him was lulling him back to sleep. It felt so good. He would just sleep for a bit longer and then when it was light he would start looking for Lizzie again. His hand fell back to his stomach, but it caught on something sharp that stabbed him, and he felt himself spring awake again. Was there something in here with him?
He looked down into the gloom and could just make out something glistening in the dark. His fingers moved downwards and once again felt something sharp brush his skin. He rested his hand on it and could gently make out the shape of Lizzie’s brooch pinned to the bag that he still carried. For some reason, it filled him with calmness, and he felt his mind begin to clear.
The tree!
He had climbed up into the tree to sleep. But why was he now surrounded? He tried to sit up again but finding himself unable to do it he reached out with his hands until he felt a smooth surface just above his head. It was the same warm, feathery bushes that he had slept on last night, only now it enclosed him in some type of cocoon.
“This can not be good,” he said out loud, starting to panic.
Letting go of the brooch he tried to run both his hands across his body to see why he couldn’t move, but as soon as he let go of the brooch the fogginess descended and he could feel himself slipping back into sleep. He grabbed hold of the cool metal again and at once felt better. It had to have something to do with the metal he thought, un-pinning it from the bag and holding it in the palm of his hand, a strange flood of energy pulsing in his fist. 
If only I could see he thought. 
Rolling onto his back again he reaching towards the outer layer of leaves and began to pull at them. It was hard going but eventually he managed to make a small hole to his left side that let in a faint hazy amount of watery light. What he saw scared him more than anything. He lay inside a small cocoon made of the feathery leaves, but running crisscrossed over his entire body, holding him down, were several of the yellow vines he had seen the day before in the forest. Each one of the vines had attached themselves to his skin, like leeches feeding on him, the energy draining from his body. This was why he felt so weak. He reached down, pulling at one of them, but they resisted him, remaining securely fastened to his body, and he suddenly wished he had a weapon to cut them with. Once again he felt the cool metal in the palm of his hand. It wasn’t much, but it was all he had and if he didn’t do something he might not get another chance. 
Reaching down with his left hand to the closest vine and holding the brooch out he slashed into the top of it. It hissed in pain, pulling away from him, but it still didn’t let go. He stabbed down again this time with all his force and felt the brooch sever completely through the vine. It screeched, pulling away from him, and he saw a thick, sticky yellow liquid spew all over the place and Lucas realised that this was why he couldn’t move, they were filling him with some form of venom that was sedating him.
A slight panic set in and before the other vines could react he stabbed several more times, ripping their flesh and filling the bottom of the cocoon with a thick layer of goo.  They hissed louder trying to keep hold of their prey, but the more he slashed and the less they held on to him, the stronger he felt. 
He managed to get to a sitting position, freeing his legs and kicking out, feeling the walls of his prison start to crumble. He kicked again and again as the vines desperately tried to secure him, but he was now almost out. Until with one final strike the side of the wall caved in. Bright sunlight filled the nest, the yellow liquid dripping into a puddle beneath him and with a sudden last burst he was free and he fell from the tree landing on the cold hard rocks below. The vines seeing their prey escape screeched in distress and disappeared into the undergrowth. His heart racing, Lucas got to his feet and looked around. So much for his safe place away from the animals; he knew now why they had stayed clear of this tree. He looked down at his battered body, drained and tired and covered in yellow gloop, and all he wanted to do was sleep. He’d had enough. One day here and it had almost been his last. He then caught sight of the brooch that he still held gripped in his hand. If it hadn’t been for it he never would have got out.
It made Lucas think of Lizzie. He hoped that she was having better luck than him. 
A sudden noise broke him from his thoughts, and a high shrill scream echoed through the treetop’s close by.
Lizzie, he thought. 
He jumped down from the rock pool, catching sight of his reflection and winced at what he saw, but there was no time now. With one last look at the sleeping place that had nearly been his last, he took off into the trees once again in search of Lizzie. 
He hadn’t gone too far when he heard a familiar noise above. He ducked down quickly just in time before he felt a whoosh of warm air above his head, and he looked up to see the dragon leaping from  the top of a giant oversized tree, in the centre of the forest and soaring high into the sky. Looking closer, he could just make out a strange ladder carved into the surrounding trunk, weaving the whole way to the top and disappearing under the dense foliage of its leaves. 
He had found the monster’s lair.
Now all he had to do was get inside.   
Keeper of the Eastern Border
Lizzie awoke to the smell of oranges and strong coffee, filling her nostrils. She opened her eyes slowly, enjoying the feel of the soft warmth, wrapped all around her and found herself in complete darkness. Her eyes struggled against the weariness of sleep, and she tried to focus on where she was, but all she could make out was shapes in the black; a bustling noise with her in the darkness.
Was she still at home in bed? Had it all been a dream? Was her Mum coming to wake her up for school? Was it only Friday Morning?
A huge sigh of relief escaped her lips and fighting against a throat that scratched through dryness she called out.
“Mum. Mum is that you?”
The figure moved over to the side of the bed as Lizzie strained her eyes in the darkness. Why hadn’t her Mum opened the curtains? That was normally the first thing she did. 
“Ah,” she heard a low voice answer her, as a cold hand pressed against her forehead. “Finally awake then.”
Lizzie’s heart leapt into her throat, and she tried to sit bolt upright in bed, the covers falling from her now alert body. She felt the same hand move to her shoulder, as a wave of nausea swept over her, pain rushing through her head as she was gently forced to lie back down. 
“Its okay, you’re safe now,” the voice reassured.
Lizzie, allowed herself to be settled once more, her confusion growing. 
Where the hell was she? 
She could now make out the small shape of a figure moving away from her once more and then with a sudden movement the room was filled with a brilliant shaft of light that burst into the room and sucked away all the shadows. Lizzie flinched; the brightness hurting her eyes after the darkness and blinking away the last remnants of sleep; she strained once more to see where she was. 
Her surroundings left her even more bewildered as she found herself inside a small circular room. It was completely bare apart from the large round bed she was lying in and a tiny wooden stand that rested beside it, which was holding a large bowl filled with clear pink water. The bed she was in was carved into one of the walls, and she could now see that what she was sleeping on wasn’t her mattress at home, but hundreds of fluffy white feathers that were so soft it were as if she were lying on a cloud. The harsh light was streaming through a little window framed on either side by delicate white curtains made from a fine silvery substance.
“Where am I?”
“You’re safe now. The magic told me you were coming,” the voice said, as a tiny figure came into view. “You had me worried there for a minute, but the Grizzleflower sorted you right out.”
“The what? Who are you?”
“My dear girl, how rude of me!” he replied, stepping out of the bright light and nearer to the bed. 
He was no more than two feet tall and had a silvery, long weaving beard that hung almost to his waist. His clothes looked as if they had been stitched from the trees and flowers themselves, crafted together in such a way it would be hard to find him amongst the shrubbery. A large floppy green hat was sitting perfectly atop his head, and as he continued to speak he swept it clear from his brow, and bowed low to the floor.
“My name is Sydney Octavius Trueknee, the seventeenth, loyal servant to the King, Watcher of the Keys and Keeper of the Eastern borders, at your service!”
Lizzie sat up; ignoring the pain she felt coursing through her body and stared incredulously at the little man before her.
“Is this a joke?”
“A joke my Lady. I do not indeed follow you. I was not trying to be funny.”
“Am I dead? I knew I was dead when I woke up the first time, and Lucas was there. As if Lucas would try to help me. And a dragon! Yeah right, like those are real.”
She slumped back on the bed shaking her head and felt the cool hand once again on her forehead. 
“If you are referring to the other child whom was with you, I have had Rose out looking for him all night. Unfortunately, he seems very determined to stay hidden.”
“What,” Lizzie gasped. “Lucas is with me and that monster was real. A real dragon…,” she spluttered.
“Monster,” the little man remarked.  “If you are referring to Rose she is by all means no monster. She is the last of her kind. Still only a baby really!”
“A baby! She was huge. She scooped me right up. There were claws, giant sharp claws…”
“Yes, yes, very nice dear,” Sydney interrupted, not even listening to her as he bustled out of the room, once more mumbling to himself.
This is a dream, Lizzie thought, or I banged my head or I’m seriously going mad. 
She pulled herself up gently, getting used to the swaying of the room and slipped her feet out of the bed onto the smooth floor below her. She stood unsteadily leaning on the headboard for support. She couldn’t believe how much she hurt; her whole body felt battered and bruised. Slowly she made her way around the bed, her hand running along the polished wood, which pulsated beneath her touch like it was alive and as she reached the window she pushed it open.  A light breeze blew onto her face, as her hands felt along the edges of the curtains. They were so soft, and as Lizzie looked closer, she noticed they were, in fact, woven from silken cobwebs. She was still entranced by the webs when a sudden wave of cold air stung her face. She looked back out the window and screamed.
There standing inches away from her was a large orange dragon. Its huge jaws open and glistening in the morning light. 
“What is it?” came a voice behind her, as Sydney came rushing into the room. He looked to the window and then stared back at Lizzie in surprise.
“So you really can see her then?” he asked bemused, shaking his head.
“The, the…,” stuttered Lizzie unable to get her words out.
“Did you have any luck locating the boy?” Sydney asked the dragon as he joined Lizzie by the window.
“None my friend, but there is talk around the Inghto Lake. Talk of a stranger. I will check there once I have drunk,” the dragon replied.
Lizzie froze staring at the beast outside the window, captivated by the dragons voice, its clear, beautiful sound mesmerizing. She could feel the power and kindness emanating from it in waves.  How could she have ever thought of this creature as a beast? 
Rose turned her head to the side, inspecting Lizzie and she suddenly realised how much she was staring.
“I’m sorry,” stammered Lizzie “You’re amazing.”
“Why thank you child,” the dragon answered, and Lizzie was sure that the massive jaws were smiling.
“Where are my manners,” Sydney interrupted. “This young lady is… I didn’t catch your name dear?”
“Err, Lizzie, Lizzie Somers.”
“Right you are, Lady Lizzie you have the pleasure of meeting Amaranth Gildencrest, the last of her kind or as I more usually call her, Rose.”
The dragon bowed low, and Lizzie found herself blushing that this magnificent creature would honour her so with this gesture. 
“I must go now,” Rose said. “If the talk is correct your friend is in some trouble.” 
With that, she turned and soared gracefully into the sky, circling once before landing above them out of sight.
“She’s…,” Lizzie uttered, staring after her out of the window.
“I know,” Sydney said. “I am truly honoured that she is my friend. Now come along, I have run you a hot bath.”
Lizzie allowed him to usher her from the room into an even smaller room, where a large tub waited for her, filled with hot steaming water. 
Once Sydney had left, Lizzie sunk into the bubbles, letting the glorious heat soothe away her aches and pains. She lay there for ages just enjoying the warmth, almost dozing as she thought about Lucas and whether he was alright, when she was startled awake by a high scream that came from just outside the door. 
Rescue
It had taken Lucas ages to reach the bottom of the tree, struggling through the low bushes, so he wasn’t seen, but he had finally made it. The tree was even bigger close up than it had seemed from a distance; towering over him and making him feel incredibly small and insignificant. What he had thought was a makeshift ladder was, in fact, an intricate set of steps running the whole length of the tree trunk and spiralling up into the dense foliage above. Suddenly realising he was unarmed and about to walk into a monster’s lair he grabbed a large branch from the floor and started to climb the steps, half expecting them to creak with every footstep. But there were no alarms or traps on the way up, and he quickly made it to the top which was buried beneath a large canopy of green and found himself standing outside a tiny door carved into the side of the tree. He pushed it slowly open and entered quietly to find himself standing in a large round room carved directly from the tree trunk. It was filled with beautiful wooden furniture and so many flowers it felt like he was still standing outside. 
Not exactly what he was expecting from a dragon’s lair; in fact it was almost homely. He took a few more steps inside and noticed that there were several smaller doors leading out to other rooms that he couldn’t yet see. He had almost reached one of the doors when a small funny looking man appeared out of nowhere, in front of him. 
Fear took over and brandishing his branch he said,
“Where is she?”
The small man turned pale, and a small high scream burst from his lips.
Lucas made towards him but was halted by another door opening just beside him, and Lizzie stepped into the room, covered by a white fluffy towel.
“Lucas,” she said in surprise.
Lucas stared at her, standing there all perfect and clean and suddenly became aware of how awful he looked, his clothes matted and torn, smeared with yellowish green stains from the vines. His hands and face were filthy, his hair hanging in lank strands around his shoulders, where Lizzie’s bag still hung.
He lowered the branch feeling stupid as they both stood staring at him.
“I thought…,” he stammered. “I thought you were in trouble.” 
“You came back for me,” Lizzie whispered, stepping towards him.
He lowered his gaze, feeling himself begin to blush.
“Yeah, not really very good at all this knight in shining armour stuff, am I,” he laughed, looking up to meet her gaze.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Lizzie said, starting to smile. “I think you’re getting better at it.”
It was at that moment that Lucas realised that he would always come back for her.

******

Lizzie’s mind was racing as she stepped out onto the veranda at the very top of the tree, the cool evening breeze refreshing after the confines of the small house. She would never have thought in a million years how relieved she was to see Lucas, but she had, and the feelings were more troubling than being lost in another land. She’d listened as he told of his encounter by the pool but as soon as he had mentioned the vines Sydney had become anxious. He had ushered Lucas into the bathroom, flapping and chattering like a tiny bird, to treat his wounds from the Grisselflax vines, which he informed them were deadly if not treated straight away.
And so left to herself she had begun to explore, finally finding herself out on the veranda. 
It was huge, and as she crossed over to the very edge she looked at the scene in front of her, her breath catching as she did so, the sparkling clear vista calming her racing mind in seconds. 
You could see for miles from up here and in every direction was a vast landscape of foliage, every colour imaginable. Far off into the distance she could make out the dark glimmering purple of the desert she had walked through whilst high above her hung a patchwork sky that shone brilliantly in the dying minutes of the suns descent. 
“It is truly magnificent, is it not?” a voice interrupted her from behind and she turned to find Rose standing behind her.
“It really is,” Lizzie said, looking up at the dragon, taken again by surprise at just how imposing she was.
“It is hard to believe there is still this much beauty left in this world,” the dragon began, coming to stand next to Lizzie, her eyes sweeping the landscape before them.
“There used to be a time when our whole world was like this, but that was before the forces of the South had arisen. Now they move forever closer, with every passing day and soon even this will be gone,” she added sadly.
She paused for a moment reflecting on her words and then spoke again “Sydney has asked me to call you for dinner. Go, I will meet you below.”
 Lizzie turned from the surrounding view back to face the dragon that towered high above her.
“Rose,” she almost whispered “What is this place?”
“It is my home,” the dragon answered. 
 “It is Kaimeara.” 
Kaimeara
They ate dinner beneath the stars and now as they sat, safe and warm, wrapped inside the large quilted blankets, her earlier questions were clear in her head.
 “Will you tell us about it?” Lizzie asked Sydney, who was now sitting next to her on a low feathered lounger.
 “About what?” the little man responded.
“About Kaimeara, about the dragons, all of it.”
“It is a very long story and you should be resting,” he answered, but before she could rebuke he smiled and said, “I will give you the short version if you promise to sleep after?”
Both Lizzie and Lucas nodded in response as the little man laid down his teacup and making himself comfortable; he began his tale.

******

“In the days of old when Kaimeara was new to the world there were only the Earth and the Sea sprites. Filled with love these creatures lived only to care and nurture the land, working in harmony to create a place filled with wonder and beauty and for many years they succeeded. But in time the world grew older and with it the creatures of the air arrived bringing with them new ideas and new hope; for although these creatures were peaceful, they brought with them knowledge. Knowledge of a world that we were to become. The Air and Earth Sprites embraced their new brethren, but in truth the Sea sprites feared this knowledge. Slowly over the centuries they pulled away from their brothers, trying to protect themselves from what they feared would one day come and so a sense of distrust rose throughout the land.”
“But still they lived in peace until the day that the first of the Invaders arrived.
It was noticed throughout the land that strangers had been seen, strangers that stood like giants on upright legs and hunted the beasts of the earth and the sea. No one knew where they had come from, not even the creatures of the air but these invaders brought with them fire and hate and fear and soon the lands of Kaimeara were plunged into despair, darkness creeping throughout the land; ravaging the once beautiful world. 
Soon after this the first Dragons came, with their beauty and their wisdom, and it was believed that they were the answer to our prayers. These magnificent creatures who belonged to not one of the elements, but to all of them, sent to us to protect us from the invaders. 
But alas we were wrong. 
Instead of aiding the elements of the land, the dragons believed they were superior to those below and would not become entangled in the trivial lives of others and so built themselves a home above the clouds only visiting the lands when they needed to hunt.
When the Dragon Wars begun, in the early 500’s, Kaimeara was plunged into chaos. 
The fight between man and dragon reached such a frenzy there were many that believed the world would never survive. All the elements fractured, each choosing to remain in their homeland and never leaving, the Winged Horses of Air to the North; the Sea Sprites to the West; the Earth Sprites to the East and the Fire of Man to the South. None trusted each other and for years the darkness prevailed. 
Until after many years of fighting a young warrior by the name of Sebastian finally found the light that freed us. Sebastian had been a soldier from the very start of the wars, training and fighting until he was one of the most feared warriors in all of Kaimeara. 
It was said that on a day in early Moranstar, Sebastian found himself tracking the fiercest Golden Dragon, said to be their leader, though the centre of the Everwood Forest. For days, he had been hunting his prey after a surprise attack had left the dragon wounded, and Sebastian knew that he would soon finish the beast who was now hiding within the confines of the Central Caves.  Knowing that he was near Sebastian had crept into the darkness only to find the giant beast unmoving and still. Suddenly swept with a wave of shame Sebastian looked at the mighty beast, so beautiful and regal that he despaired at what he had done. And so in his remorse he did something no other human had ever done. He tried to save the Golden Dragon.
For three days and three nights, he remained in the cave with the dragon using healing medicines and nursing the mighty creature back to health and finally on the evening of the fourth day the monster awoke. So in awe of the dragon Sebastian forgot to be scared and approached the large golden head.
“I am sorry,” he whispered, bowing.
“As am I,” the golden dragon answered. “Thank You.” 
It is said that a pact was made in that cave.
A truce between man and beast and the Dragon Wars were over.
The years following this were named the Golden Years. Sebastian became King of all
Kaimeara and Castle Valista was built in the very place that the dragon was saved.
They say that the cave in which they stayed still lies beneath its stone walls. 
The Dragon, Aurencrest Goldenheart, swore his allegiance to the King and in turn became his guardian, forsaking his life to protect that of his saviour.  It was said that they were trusted friends right until the very end of his days. 
When the King finally died, chaos once more threatened the land as he had left no heir to the throne. Fractions started to build, and arguments between the elements once more arose until a letter was found written by the old King stating his successor as a young warrior that was new to their court by the name of William. There were many moons spent debating this but once Aurencrest Goldenheart swore his oath to protect this man, as he had his successor, there was no doubt left remaining and William soon became King. If anything William was an even better King. He loved his people and his land and in the years of his ruling, Kaimeara once again prospered and blossomed into a beautiful place to live. The dragons now an integral part of everyday life chose their own paths, many of them forming friendships and taking oaths with the rulers of the elements and in this way life was good until hate once more crept into their sanctuary.
Unknown to any, another had been seeking the throne, a dark warlock by the name of Auteara Silverwolf. In secret, he had plotted to kill the King but on the eve of his attack he was betrayed and brought before the Council. He had stood unflinching as his fate was decided, but just before he was sentenced to death he hissed three words, which I will not repeat, and he vanished never to be seen again. The loss was not great until the King realised that all of the Dragons had vanished with him. In his panic, he sent messengers to all corners of the land but in vain as he already knew that his beloved companions had all disappeared. Rather than letting the land panic the King continued his ruling until one day the King and his castle, and all who inhabited her disappeared. To this day no one knows what happened to them. In his place, a new ruler took over the land, choosing to govern from the deepest south of Castle Morlock. 
Many feared that the King was murdered by the sinister Lord, who now inhabits this fearsome castle, but none would dare to question. 
Since that day, the world we live in has become a very dark and dangerous place.” 

******

With this final sentence Sydney stopped talking, reaching down and taking a small sip from his now cold teacup, his face looking aged and drained with the re-telling of his tale.  
Lizzie didn’t know what to say, left speechless by what she had been told, but Lucas interrupted the silence.
“So if the dragons were all banished, how come Rose is still here?”
“A very good question,” Rose answered. “And one even I do not know the answer to.”
“I found Rose when she was very small wandering along the borders of my forest, and we have become close friends,” Sydney said. “We are not sure why she didn’t vanish but for whatever reason there is very strong magic that protects her and keeps her safe.  She has given her oath to me and so I am able to see her but no other person ever has been able to. That is until you two arrived.”
The Journey to Nowhere
“So why do you think we can see her?”
Lizzie jumped; startled from her place in the book she was reading, and looked up to see Lucas sitting down opposite her.
“I have no idea,” she said truthfully. “I mean none of this is exactly normal is it.” She gestured around her where they were sitting in Sydney’s library and smiled. “I feel like I’ve fallen into an Enid Blyton book.”
Lucas laughed, and they fell quite again.
“I’m sorry I yelled at you yesterday,” Lizzie said after while. “I was just having a really bad day”
“Lizzie, don’t,” Lucas interrupted. “You don’t ever have to apologies to me.”
“We all have to apologies sometime.” 
“Yes, but not you, and not today.” 
Lizzie felt herself blush and lowered her head away from him, the awkwardness creeping over them until Lucas bent forwards and picked up one of the books she was reading. 
“Doing some research?”
“Yeah,” she answered, welcoming the distraction “It seems like it was this King William that set up the Keepers across the Borders. He wanted a way to warn the kingdom if anyone new came from the water. It says there is magic in the water; if you believe that rubbish.”
“Rubbish,” Sydney exclaimed, entering with a tray laden with plates. “I’ll have you know magic lives within all things whether you choose to believe it or not. The elements are the strongest of this magic. It is what keeps our world alive.”
“So what you’re telling us is that it was magic that brought us here?” Lizzie said.
“Yes that is precisely what I am saying.”
“So magic could take us home again?” 
“I have never heard however of anyone returning through the water, though in this dark time I can almost understand it.”
“Are there any records?” Lucas asked, motioning to all the books around him.
“There is an old legend of a magic waterfall. People tell tales of their travels to unknown lands and back again through its water, but it is just a legend, no one would actually know where it was.”
“But if someone did know, would it be possible?”
“I cannot say,” the little man answered gravely. “Or maybe there is.” 
He jumped up retrieving one of his large books from the shelf and laid it out flat in front of them. Lizzie bent closer and saw the picture was of a regal black horse, a pair of giant feathery wings protruding from its back.
“So would they be able to help us?” she asked.
“The Winged Horses of Air; are the keepers of knowledge. They live far to the North on the Island of Tyrus. It would be a perilous journey, and there is no guarantee they would be able to help you but it may be your only way home.”
“It’s a place to start,” Lizzie said, a little afraid now that the talk had turned to leaving and as she looked across at Lucas she could see her thoughts mirrored on his face.

******

They spent many days in the quaint little tree house with Sydney and Rose, listening to stories and learning more about the strange land that they had found themselves in, but as Lucas started to recover from his injuries, their thoughts turned to their journey ahead. Sydney packed and repacked, fussing around them like an old mother hen, making sure they would have everything they needed and while Lizzie watched she realised she was really going to miss this funny little old man and the beautiful dragon that was his companion and that only made it harder to leave. 
But finally that day arrived and as Lizzie descended the stairs from the tree house she saw Lucas and Sydney waiting for her on the forest floor.
“Now remember,” Sydney was saying as he clipped a short rope onto Lucas’ belt. “No matter how much you pull this rope, it will stretch as far as you need it to go without breaking.”
“Cool,” Lucas responded, pulling the rope as far as his arms would stretch and watching the tiny rope grow. He let it go, the rope shrinking back to size as he turned to Lizzie and grinned.
Sydney laughed, turning to Lizzie as she approached.
“It has been a pleasure meeting you my lady,” Sydney said, bowing as low as he could to the ground. 
“You too,” she whispered back, hugging her little friend tight. “I wish you could come with us.”
“It is my duty to stay within the forest and watch the borders. I have not left since I was bestowed with this honour.”
“Then I hope that we meet again one day.” 
“Rose has assured me our paths will cross once more and that’s one thing you don’t mess with is a Dragons word,” he said.
“Or my teeth, old friend,” Rose laughed, coming up behind them. “Good luck you two, I have a feeling you will need it.” She gestured towards Lizzie and Lucas resting her huge snout one by one on their heads in a parting kiss.
“Bye Rose,” they replied and as the tears started to prickle Lizzie’s eyes they turned and walked towards the unknown.

******

It was a crisp clear morning and after a tearful goodbye Lizzie was glad to be out in the forest where the breeze hid her tears. She could see Lucas walking beside her but noticed that he kept a respectful distance letting her sorrow go unnoticed. She was still unsure of him; even after the days spent together she still found it difficult to trust him. It was hard to explain. The relief she felt when she had seen him again at the tree house was still there confusing her but for some reason she still couldn’t shake the panic and doubt she felt every time she was near him. He had remained ever pleasant not once reverting back to his old self that she had hated. He’d kept his distance letting her go at her own pace, never pressuring her to talk to him or do anything she didn’t want to, and she was thankful for that. It made it easier to let go of some of the pain, but still she couldn’t see how they could be friends. They were so different. 
Maybe in time she thought looking back over at him. Maybe! 
They spent many days trekking through the forest, camping under the stars, and for all purposes the days were uneventful until finally they made it to the edge of the forest. 
It came with some surprise when they found themselves treading out onto a dusty dirt track instead of the purple desert they were expecting.
“I hope we’ve come the right way,” Lizzie said, sounding uncertain.
“We have,” Lucas said. “Look there’s the sign up there that Sydney told us about.”
They walked the short distance to the sign, and Lucas read it aloud.
“WELCOME TO BEAUVIEW. See that’s the village Sydney told us to go through for supplies.”
“What does that say?” Lizzie asked, peering in close at the sign.
Scratched into the dark wooden surface someone had written, HOME OF THE DEAD in large uneven scrawl.
“Sounds nice,” Lucas said, grimacing. “Come on it will be dark soon. We might as well get this over with.”
“I’m not so sure,” Lizzie said. “What if they’re all monsters or something like in a film.”
“If they are I really don’t want to be standing outside in the dark,” he laughed, “Come on, we’ll be careful.”
Keeping to the hedges they slowly made their way along the path into the deserted town, until they found themselves in a small circular courtyard surrounded by houses. To the far end a small dirt track could be seen leading north, with more houses grouped in rows along the edges. It could have been pretty if it hadn’t been so totally destroyed but instead everywhere looked derelict, buildings torn to pieces with doors and windows hanging from frames; barrels and chests strewn across gardens; piled high with even more rubbish. The only thing that seemed out of place was the hundreds of flower garlands that adorned any available space, the scarlet and crimson pink colours glowered like blood splashed across every surface.
“What was that about horror films?” Lucas whispered. “I don’t think this place has seen people for a good few years.”
“There has to be people,” Lizzie replied, walking up to one of the rusty gates. “These flowers have been hung here. Look someone’s strung them together.” 
“This is weird,” Lucas said, coming over to stand beside her, but as he did so something crunched beneath his foot making them jump.
“What was that?” Lizzie started.
“Just more flowers,” he answered. “But these ones are all dried out. Come on I don’t like this. Let’s see if there’s anything to eat and then get out of here.”
“Do you know what it reminds me of?” Lizzie began, as they walked down the dirt track towards the other houses. “It makes me think of the poppy fields in the Wizard of OZ” 
Lucas began to laugh, loud and clear, making her jump in the quietness of the town. 
“Way to be inconspicuous,” Lizzie added, but she couldn’t help feel a laugh bubbling up from inside her.
“What was that?” Lucas snapped, breaking her laugh off in mid flow.
They both turned to see two figures creeping from the undergrowth nervously twitching as they made their way towards the house they had just been standing outside.
“Quick,” Lizzie said. “Hide.” 
“What if they can help us?” Lucas argued.
“What if they’re zombies and want to eat us?” 
“We’ll just have to risk it,” he said, starting to run back towards the courtyard yelling.
“Great. As long as they eat you first,” she replied aloud as she ran after him.
Beauview
As Lizzie ran into the courtyard, she couldn’t be sure who was more scared.
Lucas stood two feet away from the strangers a look of horror on his face as he stared at the gaunt half skeletal giant and flame haired lady before him. But it was the fear etched on the ladies’ face that shook Lizzie more. She knew fear; she had been in that position many times but never had she seen a fear so deep.
“Can you help us?” she asked, breaking the silence, “We need somewhere to stay.”
With the silence broken the gaunt man started talking, his strange voice running the words into each other as he spoke so fast.
“We can’t just leave them here, Gus, they’re just children,” the Lady spoke, her voice musical, a strength hidden behind her words. It was clear that she was in charge.
“What if they...,” Gus began, but was cut off once again by the Lady.
“We were sent out here today for a reason. What could have been so important that we needed to risk everything?” She looked over at Lizzie and Lucas as the giant’s eyes widened. 
“We don’t have time. Quick child in here,” she said, motioning towards Lizzie. “We mean you no harm.”
Lucas and Lizzie exchanged glances but as the nervous Gus started twitching at them as quickly as he could, his eyes darting and flicking towards the forest and then the sun, they moved closer to where the strangers were standing. 
They could now see a small square hole dug into the embankment along the edges of the house. Lizzie was sure it hadn’t been there before, or had she just not been looking.
“Quick now,” the Lady said, beckoning them to follow Gus, who had now disappeared into the darkness.
“I better not regret this,” Lizzie hissed at Lucas, as they followed Gus into the depths of the hole.
Lizzie found herself on a short ladder leading down into a small tunnel. As she reached the bottom, feeling the soft earthy dirt beneath her fingers, she was plunged into pitch black as the door above her closed sealing them inside, like a coffin. Panic swept through her, and she was unable to move as she heard a dull thud above which she guessed to be a heavy duty bolt being closed tightly. 
Were they stupid? 
How many times had her Mum told her not to talk to strangers and here she was crawling into tunnels with them. I’m going to die she thought to herself. Was Lucas already dead? She couldn’t hear him; all she could hear was her own breathing coming in ragged gasps as she tried to take in a deep breath.
“Its okay,” she heard the soothing voice of the lady right next to her. “Just keep going and you won’t panic. Gus will wait for you and guide you the right way. We won’t let you get lost.”
“Lizzie,” she heard Lucas call from in front of her. 
“Yeah, I’m alright. I’m coming,” she yelled back and crept into the darkness.
She wasn’t sure how long they crawled along the tunnels. All she could think about was keeping moving. Occasionally they would change direction, and as her eyes became accustomed to the dark, she could just make out other tunnels leading off from different junctions. What was this place and what was that smell. She had smelled it before when they had been in the town but down here it was overpowering; the odour burning her lungs as she realised this was why she had had so much trouble breathing; there was something lining the tunnels giving off the smell. 
As time wore away, they were forced onto their stomachs, the tunnels growing smaller as they pulled themselves along with their arms; slithering like snakes in the darkness until finally she felt Lucas stop and crashed into his shoes. She was about to apologise when they heard a loud knock in front and then a dim shaft of light burnt their eyes as a tiny doorway opened, and Lucas tumbled through the gap. She clambered in after him but even after all the imagining in the long dark tunnel; Lizzie still wasn’t prepared for what she now saw. 
They were standing in a large room that resembled a cave dug out of the earth itself, like an old fashioned bomb shelter, but this wasn’t what shocked Lizzie, what shocked her were the thirty or so people huddled in groups on small broken bits of furniture. They ranged from adults to small children and all of them were staring at her intently with wary eyes. She became aware of a sound behind her and turned to see the Lady gracefully climbing through the hole they had just fallen through, closing it behind her and Lizzie watched as the opening completely disappeared into the surface of the wall. 
This was why she hadn’t seen the door outside the cottage. 
“What have you done?” a loud voice from behind her shouted.
She turned to see a large redheaded man entering the chamber from a smaller tunnel that Lizzie hadn’t realised was there and as she looked around noticed that there were several more tunnels leading to what appeared to be other rooms.
“You’ve damned us all woman,” he yelled threateningly towards the Lady, who ignored him outright. “Don’t ignore me,” he spat, grabbing her arm.
As quick as lighting Gus was between the two, his knife held inches from the man’s face.
“Don’t you forget who saved you Laddie, who dragged your bleeding body down to safety, you show some respect,” Gus hissed in his strangled voice.
 “Be calm Gus,” the Lady said, pressing her hand against the man’s hand. “These two children mean us no harm Gabriel. I can feel it.” 
Lizzie stood frozen her eyes searching for Lucas, who stood on the other side of the argument and watched as the large man Gabriel drew himself up and stormed once more from the room. 
Then as if the incident had never happened the Lady turned to them and smiled.
“My name is Amellia,” she said. “Welcome to Beauview.”

******

With Amellia’s introduction, the silence and fear of the strangers broke.
The smaller children rushed to her crushing their bodies into the heavy folds of her dress, each seeking their own comfort; the older children bravely standing guard, watchful of the newcomers. It was clear to Lizzie and everyone else in the room that Amellia was the leader as she went to each in turn with reassurance and orders.
With her attention elsewhere, the smaller children turned theirs to Lizzie and Lucas, who now stood awkwardly amongst the youngsters accepting their examination: small hands stroking and touching their clothes in bewilderment.
But just as quickly as she had left, Amellia soon stood before them motioning them to follow her and as they left a deafening hush descended upon the room, a feeling of expectancy hanging in the air.
They followed Amellia down a short passage and entered another smaller chamber where she sat herself cross-legged on a cramped bed. Lizzie and Lucas squeezed into the room and dropped onto two large cushions on the floor squashed, in between the bed and a huge desk that took up most of the space.
“I am sorry you have joined us at such a bad time,” she began. “Beauview used to be such a wonderful place. I grew up here you know, born in the house by which we entered but that was a long time ago though and times have greatly changed.”
“Why?” Lizzie asked. “Why desert the village; why the secrecy, the tunnels?  I have to admit you scared the life out of me.”
“I am sorry,” Amellia laughed, “But it has been so long since any of us has seen a newcomer. You nearly gave Gus a heart attack running up on us like that.”
“Him,” Lucas stuttered. “I thought I had walked into a horror film or something. I thought he was going to chop me up with his axe.”
“I’m not sure what a film is, but believe me the horror will come.” 
Lizzie looked sideways at Lucas anxiously, the room becoming tense.
“We do not have much time,” Amellia said. “So I will be brief. Before, in the time of our fathers, Beauview was a wonderful place, that prospered greatly, but then one day a man arrived in the village. No one knew where he came from but when he left a great madness of evil descended over the town. People began to go missing, found dead ripped limb from limb. When it began taking the children, the elders blamed the gods but we knew it was not so. We spent many years fighting until we nearly destroyed ourselves. It was then that I started to see. I was young at the time and didn’t understand, but I found I had been blessed with the vision to see the future. Not always but they would come in painful bursts that I could not control. The elders in their fear and denial warned everyone I was cursed, and I was banished from the village. It was Gus who found me, helping me to survive, treating me as a daughter, helping me learn to read the signs. It was his help that aided me in learning to control the visions until the night the truth came to me at last, and I was finally able to see what had been destroying our village all these years. In truth they were men ravaged by the madness, turned evil by the corruption of what once was offered by a stranger. But as they walked like men during the day when the moon was full the beast was set free and none could stop them. I returned to the village to warn the council but was too late, their fate already decided. The attack had been brutal; not many survived. I had seen a way to protect ourselves by using the Willa flowers that you saw hung throughout the village and in the tunnels. I learnt that the smell would drive the beasts into a frenzy which they could not stand but still we needed somewhere safe to live. Gus found the cellar caves which we are now within and for years we have made them safe, harvesting the Willa flowers to distract the monsters, so they are unable to find us. Now they are men no more but are like monsters who have escaped from our nightmares. We call them Werevals as they resemble the ancient stories of the werewolves, but even the old stories cannot prepare you for the terror that they bring. They cannot pass among us anymore, but they know we are here and still after all these years they hunger for our blood. They will not leave the forest any other time, but tonight the moon will be full and tonight they will come.”

******

Amellia had left soon after attending to the preparations of the night, and as Lizzie and Lucas sat on the large floor cushions, a silence descended; each left alone with their thoughts.
“Do you really think it’s that bad?” Lucas asked. 
She turned towards him not realising how close they were sitting and found herself brush up against his arm. She shivered.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” he said, looking straight into her face.
She wasn’t sure why she had shivered, if it was the contact or her fear, but she didn’t pull away; it was almost reassuring to have him so close. 
“I think it’s going to be that bad,” she whispered. “I don’t know Amellia but she doesn’t strike me as the type of person to exaggerate.”
“Yeah, that’s what I was thinking,” he said, moving slightly closer, almost sensing her need for comfort.
“I guess I should learn to trust you then, even if you did scare me half to death,” she smiled. “Seeing as you practically forced me to come down here.”
“Yeah, I guess you should,” he laughed, nudging her gently in the side. “And besides,” he said. “It could be worse. We could still be outside with the monsters.” 
The Endless Night
That night they both learnt the meaning of fear. 
Lizzie had felt it before, the panic and trepidation of being attacked but never like this and however bad she had imagined it to be, it was so much worse.
They had been ushered back into the meeting room where they were fed a hot thick broth and were given harsh woollen blankets. Once the meal was finished a quietness descended over the entire group as they waited for what they knew would be coming. How many times had they done this Lizzie thought as she watched the expectant faces of the children as they huddled beneath their blankets where Lizzie and Lucas joined them, the tiredness of the journey finally catching up with them?
“Ok,” Gus said, as a small chiming sounded at the back of the room. “You all know the rules but for our new friends, I’ll say them again and I’ll only tell you them once,” he said, glaring at the two newcomers. “No noise.”
“That’s it?” Lucas asked.
“The only way they can find us is by hearing us,” Gus stated. “So don’t let them hear you Laddie.”
When the chime stopped not a single sound could be heard. 
Then the howling started, quietly at first and then louder and louder, taunting them as the sounds drew closer and closer. Lizzie couldn’t work out how many there were but neither did she care as she sat and listened to the haunting sounds coming from far above. And then the voices began, high scratching voices mocking and hoarse, as if they had been forced through dry, ragged throats, rasping against the growls that forced their way out of their jaws. She couldn’t quite hear what they were saying, but she knew it would be death if not worse if any ventured out of the safety of the tunnels. 
Then the destruction began as the Werevals finally reached the village, smashing all in sight as they were driven crazy by the smell of the Willa flowers; tearing and ripping anything and everything in their desperate search for their prey they knew laid buried beneath them. And then suddenly there was quiet, the noises swallowed by the darkness. Was that it? Was it over?
Lizzie felt a huge sigh of relief threatening to escape from her lips and then she caught sight of Amelia’s face. Amellia sat rigidly, questioning glances flying between her and Gus and then they both looked straight over at Lizzie and Lucas. 
Lizzie felt the hair on her arms and back of her neck stand on end as a chill raced through her veins. 
The Werevals could smell them, a different scent amongst the reek of the Willa Flowers. 
What had they done she panicked? They’d condemned all these people to death. 
She felt Lucas next to her and leaned in resting her head against his chest, tears threatening her eyes. She could feel his heart thudding loudly; his arm slipping around her and holding her tight as they sat and listened helpless to do anything. It was still quiet to start with the slow scraping sound of nails dragging through the silence. First in one place and then after a pause continuing a moment later a little closer as if the Werevals were testing the earth for fresh smells. 
Surely they would find them soon she thought, the ache in her chest unbearable and then it would all be over.
But that relief never came and for hours the villagers sat huddled in the darkness the mute screams of terror frozen across their faces as they silently willed the daylight to come. 

******

Lizzie wasn’t quite sure how long she had sat terrified in the darkness but at same point exhaustion had taken over and she had fallen asleep still hunched beneath the thick blanket. She awoke aching and sore, her muscles stiff from the cramped position she had slept in and turned to find Lucas asleep, huddled beside her, his arm gently resting protectively across her waist. Smiling to herself she gently eased herself out of his grasp, stretching her legs as she did so. There was no noise anywhere but that was to be expected and as she looked around at the sleeping people realised that the danger must have passed, for now. 
She stood up flexing her muscles, the need to relieve her bladder, foremost in her mind and headed out of the main cave into the narrow hallway where she had been yesterday. She didn’t want to get lost so she headed towards the only light she could see, which turned out to be the room Amellia had taken them to yesterday.
Peering cautiously inside she found Amellia sitting at the large wooden desk a frown on her face, but as she heard Lizzie’s approach she turned towards the door.
“Sorry, I was looking for somewhere to go to the toilet,” she mumbled apologetically.
“It’s okay,” Amellia said, breaking into one of her beautiful smiles. “It’s just along the hall to the left. You can’t miss the smell unfortunately.”
“Thanks,” Lizzie added, turning to leave.
“Could we talk a while when you’re done?”
“Sure,” Lizzie said. “I’ll be back in a minute.”
She dashed down to the toilet and then returned to Amellia, who had seated herself on one of the large cushions on the floor. Lizzie joined her on the floor as Amellia spoke.
“So, how was last night? The first is often the worse.”
“It was …,”Lizzie began, floundering for a word to truly describe her horror of the events of last night. 
Amellia nodded in agreement her face becoming serious.
“But,” Lizzie continued. “Sometimes just knowing what is to come is worse. I’d imagined the worst, but nothing could ever have come close to last night. That makes it seem harder to deal with somehow. That there’s no escape.” 
She faltered and looked up into the face of the lady that had saved them and saw the pain etched into her porcelain features. 
“I can see that you understand, but you are wrong. With knowledge comes acceptance. If you do not know what you fear you are rendered helpless, unable to fight against an unseen foe. We know what we must face and so are able to continue, it just makes us stronger.”
“I don’t think I could ever be that strong,” Lizzie answered.
“But I do,” Amelia stated. “I can feel it; I knew the moment I saw you there was something special about you. I would never have risked my family otherwise.”
“Me,” Lizzie mocked “I don’t think so.”
“You never did tell me your story,” Amellia asked. “Would you tell it for me now?”
So Lizzie sat and told her new friend all about herself. How she had come to be here, about Sydney (but not Rose that was a promise she would not break) and about her journey to the north to find her way home.
Amellia sat and listened, occasionally asking questions, and when Lizzie had finished, she pulled a small bag of stones from her pocket. 
“Can I read your future?” she asked.
“My future, you’re kidding, right?”
“I can only see a few peoples but with you I feel something. May I?”
“Sure,” Lizzie said laughing sceptically.
Lizzie sat and watched as Amellia put her hand into the small bag retrieving a handful of smooth round rune stones. She clenched her hand tightly over them and closed her eyes letting the stones fall to the floor between them. Amellia sat frozen for a moment and then opened her eyes, a small gasp catching in her throat.
“What is it?” Lizzie asked.
Amellia placed a finger to her lips for quiet and then studied the stones before her.
“You have a long journey ahead of you. It will be perilous but if you succeed you will find everything you have ever wished for,” she began, her voice sounding low and distant. “There is a great darkness chasing you, a prophecy they do not wish to be fulfilled. You will have many allies and many enemies, but it is fate that only you will decide which is which. Here,” she whispered, lightly tracing her hands over one of the stones. “There will be a great betrayal,” she paused once again, a shadow flickering across her face. “But the betrayal must be yours to bear.” 
“I wouldn’t…” she interrupted, but once again Amellia held up her finger.
“Oh, but you must,” she said. “For only in this betrayal of the ones you love will you find the true strength to save us all.”
The shadow flickered once more across Amellia’s face and then was gone, followed closely by the stones that she smoothly deposited back into her bag.
Buried
Lizzie passed the day in a daze, Amellia’s words eating away at her as she watched the villagers go about their daily routine. 
How they found the strength to keep on going she did not know, but as evening approached, Lizzie began to feel the oppressive panic of being buried beneath the ground; an anxiety of dreaded apprehension that made her heart race. 
She joined the others in the main room but as she sat helplessly waiting for the chimes to begin she couldn’t shake the feeling that something was wrong. 
“You alright?” Lucas whispered beside her.
“Yeah,” she nodded, standing.
“Lizzie?”
“It’s fine, I’ll be right back.”
Slipping into the tunnel, her unease growing, she followed her intuition towards the storerooms at the furthest most point of their sanctuary, and as she approached she became aware of two voices arguing in hushed tones. One was undeniably Amellia, the other she was unsure of but as she crept closer suddenly feeling awkward but unable to turn away, she stepped through the doorway to see that it was Gabriel standing in the dim light. She halted stepping back into the shadows, unwilling to show herself as she moved further into the room. 
“Please, listen to me,” he was begging, holding his hand towards Amellia as she backed away from him.
“How?” she whispered. “It has been two nights already. How? Why now?”
“The blood is new, and the call of the moon is slow to me down here, but I feel her calling. She beckons to me now willing me to come to her. I feel her strength within my veins. I only hoped I could withstand it long enough to convince you.” He faltered taking another step towards her.    
But Amellia was ready for this movement and stepped away from him fluidly.
“Convince me?” she spat. “Of what, to become one of those monsters”
 “Please Mimi don’t. It could be like this forever. Just the two of us.”
“What and betray my family?” she said, moving away from him and backing towards the door, but he was too quick for her, barring her way as she flinched away from him.
“Never,” she hissed as he reached her.
“Then you shall die with the rest of them,” he spat, lunging forward, a ringing blow catching her full across the face. 
Lizzie gasped as Amellia fell to the floor; a large gash ripped into the side of her face. Gabriel turned at the sound, his eyes glowing red as his mouth stretched wide, ripping at the corners as it elongated. 
Lizzie backed up further, willing herself to be invisible as Gabriel searched the room with his eyes, but she knew it wouldn’t take him long to find her. 
She’d have to make a run for it.
Lizzie,” he taunted. “I know it’s you, I can smell you.”
She edged further into the room, away from the blocked entrance and towards her only hope of escape, the access tunnels to the surface. She’d almost made it when her foot snagged on a stray shovel, the tool falling to the floor with a loud crash. 
Gabriel circled, turning towards the noise and grinning. 
“They’re all going to die Lizzie,” he sneered, stepping closer, his body hunching over as he prepared to launch himself at her. “Starting with you.” 
Lizzie felt sick as the deformed figure leapt forward, his face twisted beyond recognition. She had to warn the others before he reached her. 
 “Gus, help,” Lizzie screamed and then turned fleeing into the darkness as she heard Gabriel start to give chase. 

******

Lucas heard the scream, leaping to his feet and reaching the storeroom only seconds after Gus, the pair staring in shock as they saw the body of Amellia lying face down in a pool of blood. 
Gus rushed to her side and kneeling down scooped her into his arms, feeling for a pulse. 
Amellia stirred her eyes fluttering as Gus wiped away the blood.
“I should have known,” she was murmuring “I was blinded…”
“Who was it?” Gus growled.
“Gabriel,” she answered. “He’s one of them.”
“Where’s Lizzie?” Lucas asked, frantically searching the room. 
“Lizzie,” she said, confused her face turning pale, her fingers gripping Gus tightly as she tried to stand. “No, please tell me he hasn’t hurt her?”
“Where are they?” Lucas shouted.
“The access tunnels,” Gus answered. “He’s going to let them all in.”
Lucas looked around, spotting the fallen shovel and ran towards to it.  He bent low scooping it up and continued to run, his heart thumping hard in his chest as he entered the tunnel. 
“You have to stop him,” he heard Amellia call out to him as he disappeared into the dark. 
He hadn’t gone far when he reached a fork in the tunnel, two separate passages leading further into the gloom but there were no signs of which way they had gone and as Lucas stood his beating heart pounding in his ears, he began to panic that he was too late. 
He turned into the right tunnel on impulse, running ahead at full speed until he heard a bloodcurdling voice calling out ahead, its broken voice taunting in the confined space. He sped up as he heard Lizzie cry out, his lungs burning as he pushed himself forward until he could finally see a figure up ahead.
It was crouched low, its haunches tight as it prepared to leap. 
“You nearly ruined everything,” he heard it hiss. “But now you’ll pay.”
Without slowing Lucas charged at the creature and swinging the spade wildly, he hit it squarely on the back of the head.
The body crumpled to the floor, a sharp cry calling out from beneath it.
“Lizzie,” he yelled, bending and heaving the rigid body to one side, to reveal Lizzie crushed below it. 
He leant down pulling her to her feet, his arms closing around her and holding her tight as she shook in his embrace. 
“You alright?” he asked, pulling back and trying to see her face in the darkness. 
She nodded unable to talk and rested her head back onto his chest. 
He held her close, his breathing slowing as the shadows around them lengthened and a light came into view behind him. 
He turned as Gus and Amellia approached.
“Is she alright?” Amellia asked.
“I’m fine,” Lizzie answered, her voice shaking.
“But they’re all still going to die,” a voice giggled hysterically. 
They turned as one to see Gabriel slowly coming around, dragging himself up onto his hands and knees. 
Gus moved quickly, grabbing the fallen spade and hitting him hard across the face. Gabriel’s jaw split, blood spilling from the wound; his teeth cracking as he fell to the ground once more, but Gus showed no mercy as he stepped closer and positioned the spade across the bared skin of Gabriel’s neck. He pushed hard, the skin breaking as the spade sunk into the flesh but they knew it was already too late, as with his last breath, a low snarling howl burst from Gabriel’s dying body, escaping into the air and filling the silence with its dread. 
The four people stood listening closely in the darkness, the body of Gabriel lying broken at their feet, but he had already won, the Werevals had heard his call and they were coming.
Survival
“Now what?” Lizzie asked, looking at the scared faces around her.
“We need to check the doors,” Gus said taking charge. “There’s no telling how many he opened.”
“How many are there?” Lucas asked. 
“Twelve of them spread out through all the tunnels. You all get back to the others; tell them what’s going on. I’ll deal with the doors. If any of those monsters have got in do what you have to.”
“Do you think we should collapse the tunnels?” Amellia questioned, placing her hand tenderly on Gus’ arm.
Gus slowly traced his hands along the edge of the tunnel and for the first time Lizzie realised that embedded into the surface sat several tubes joined together by small wires. The whole place had been wired to explode.
 “It may just help them find us,” he answered gravely. “We’ll hold off until we have to.” 
He turned to her then and smiled and in that smile Lizzie saw many things but the clearest to read was goodbye, and she knew it was hopeless. 
He gave Amellia a quick hug and then turned to Lucas, handing him his axe.
“You keep them safe Laddie,” he said and then took off into the tunnel. 
“What do we do now?” Lizzie asked as the sombre three descended into the main passage.
“Now we pray,” Amellia answered.

******

There was panic in the main hall as they entered, the fear spreading through the crowds in waves as they caught sight of Amellia’s face. 
“Gabriel has betrayed us,” she stated calmly, the answering cries of the villagers filling the room. 
She held her hands out for quiet, the voices lowering at her action.
“We must be ready,” she commanded. “Zach, retrieve the weapons, Anna, keep the little ones close. Whatever happens we must protect the children. If they break through you must make it to the escape tunnel.” 
With Amellia’s words, the room became a whirl of activity, as the villagers set about their tasks.
Lizzie had thought that the Werevals descent into their tunnels would have paralysed the desperate bunch, but the betrayal of Gabriel had created an even stronger emotion, anger and as they stood waiting for what was to come there was an almost sense of relief that this was soon to be over, whatever the outcome. 
A sudden noise made them jump, a gargled scream breaking the silence as Zach rushed into the room. He fell to the floor, blood pouring from his mouth as the weapons clattered to the ground. 
“It’s coming,” he gasped, his eyes rolling into the back of his head.
“Move,” Amellia yelled as they heard a thudding sound getting closer, a howl of victory echoing in the air as the Wereval burst out of the tunnel.
It was monstrous, filling the room with its menacing presence as it towered over them; all signs of humanity gone from its features; it’s black fur hanging in dirty, matted clumps, its gleaming red eyes burning into them as it grinned, its grotesque jaw splitting open to reveal rows of glistening fangs. 
It pounced, its dirty razor sharp talons clawing up the earth as it reached Amellia. 
She turned swiftly, diving out of the way and swinging her axe forcefully, striking the monster with a crashing blow to the side of its head. 
It careened into the wall but did not stop as it spun towards her again and struck out catching her on the arm, her weapon flying out of her reach as she flew to the ground. 
Without thinking Lizzie grabbed the axe now resting at her feet and charged at the monster. It spotted her, momentarily distracted from his attack on Amellia, just as Lizzie swung her weapon, her anger and fear driving her forwards as she hit it full force in the shoulder.
 The monster bellowed rearing up as it yanked the axe free, the ligaments in its shoulder ripped clean from the bone as the arm hung uselessly at its side. 
It turned on Lizzie, its jaws foaming saliva as it leapt pinning her to the ground.
“You will be the first to die,” it hissed venomously, as it surveyed the room. 
It lunged forward, a scream ripping from Lizzie’s throat in fear as the creature was suddenly struck from behind. It turned, and Lizzie could see Lucas as he pulled his axe free, the crunching sound of bone filling her ears as he raised it again and swung it straight into the beast’s head. 
It fell to the ground beside her, its body limp and unmoving, the axe still buried up to the hilt in its misshapen skull. 
“Lizzie, you okay?” Amellia asked, kneeling beside her and stroking her hair.
Lizzie looked around at the shocked faces and then back at the dead creature at her feet. 
She felt Lucas beside her, his hand clutching hers as he helped her to her feet. 
“Think I might be sick,” she whispered, the cries of the children washing over her. 
“Okay,” Amellia stated, getting back to her feet. “This isn’t over. I need to help Gus check the tunnels. We don’t know how many doors Gabriel opened.”
“I’ll do it,” Lizzie said. “You can just about stand.” 
She felt Lucas stiffen beside her, his grip tightening. 
“No, I will,” he said.
“Lucas they need you here,” she said, turning to him. “What happens if any more get through?”
She pulled her hand free, smiling reassuringly at him. 
“I’ll be fine; run up the tunnel; shut the door. Easy.”
“Here,” Amellia said, retrieving the axe and handing it to her. “And take one of the lanterns.” 
Lizzie smiled briefly again at Lucas, the worry on his face causing her stomach to clench in tight knots. She would not be afraid!
“Lizzie,” he said, grabbing her hand again as she went to leave “Just be careful, alright.”
“Always,” she replied, taking one last look around the room and then ran into the tunnels.

******

She reached the first door quickly, a slight breeze carrying the stench of flowers to her nose as she gripped the wooden handle and hefted the heavy door shut with a dull thud. One down, how many more to go she thought.
Gus had said there were twelve entrances into the tunnels but how many were open and how many had Gus got to. Was Gus even still alright? She shuddered unable to think about it as she changed direction and ran on. 
The tunnel split and she turned left, thankful for the light as she hurried on to the next door. 
This one was smaller, but it still took her a few good pulls to force it shut.
She paused for a moment catching her breath, an eerie silence creeping around her as she listened to the sound escaping from her lips. Her eyes strained to see outside the circle of her light, the tunnels disappearing into shadows and for the first she wished she hadn’t brought the lantern because although it made it easier for her to see, it also meant that she was more visible to anyone else in the tunnels.
Just keep moving she told herself. 
She moved on following the upward slope of the ground, her ears alert for any noises but there were none, just the steady intake of her breath until as she neared the next door she felt a thudding vibrating through the walls around her. She stopped still listening and could just make out the sound of claws scraping at the earth, a low, scratchy voice keening slowly.
Lizzie froze. Was it in the tunnel with her? It couldn’t be or else it would have seen the light. 
She started running a sudden thought making her speed up.
If it wasn’t in this tunnel, it was in the one joining it, and she still didn’t know if the door was open or not.
She gripped the axe tightly preparing herself for the worse, but as she reached the door there was still no sign of the monster. She reached up into the other tunnel, but the door was pushed back too far and she couldn’t reach it. 
Silently cursing she clambered up into the other tunnel, the lantern revealing the door wedged into the far wall. She put the light down quickly gripping the long handle and heaved, but the door was stuck tight.
“Come on,” she urged, scraping at the dirt around the base of the door and heaving on it again.
It moved slowly, inching forwards as she pulled but as she yanked harder she suddenly became aware of the floor shaking beneath her. She lifted the light peering into the darkened tunnel and could just see the figure of a Wereval racing towards her. It was some way off but as it saw the light and caught her smell it howled in excitement. Lizzie threw the light back into her own tunnel a rush of terror seizing her as she hefted on the door, the ground scraping away as it slowly pulled closed. 
She could hear the creatures’ breath, the ragged hissing in its throat as she pulled one last time, and the door swung forward, knocking her back into the other tunnel and slamming shut behind her. 
She heard a cry of outrage as the Wereval unable to see her any longer screamed in anger.
Lizzie jumped to her feet, as the door shook, and she realised that she wasn’t safe yet. She had to get it locked.
She pulled on the handle sealing the tunnel and pushed on the big solid deadbolt that locked it tight. It stuck in her hands; the metal refusing to lock as she heard the beast getting closer.
A sudden movement made her jump, her heart leaping to her throat, her mind going blank as she felt something behind her and then she felt rough hands close over hers.
She turned as the deadbolt slid home; the door sealed, the relief flooding over her as she looked up into the bleeding face of Gus. 

******

They finished the remaining door together, and as Lizzie and Gus finally made it back to the main hall they were greeted by a pile of Werevals, their dead bodies hacked to pieces. Lizzie looked around finally spotting Lucas as he stood guard at the far entrance. He was covered in gore, his shirt wet with blood, his face rigid but as he saw her his eyes lightened, the look of relief washing over him. 
“Did you get them all?” Amellia asked as she approached them.
“All shut,” Gus answered “How many got through?”
“Four,” she said.
“Any injuries?”
“Zach didn’t make it.” 
Gus’ face turned dark as he surveyed the huddled group, the people he called his family. He would not lose any more. 
He moved over to Lucas and grasped him firmly by the shoulder.
“You alright?” he asked.
Lucas nodded.
“Good lad. Now if too many of them get in, you lead everyone up this entrance and out into the trees. I’ll take care of the rest.” 
“You’re going to blow the tunnels?”
“Better one grave, than fifty,” he replied solemnly. “Now do as I tell you. You got that?” 
“Yes sir,” Lucas answered.
“You did good,” Gus said, squeezing his shoulder again before turning away. 
Lizzie moved in to stand next to Lucas, his closeness comforting as they listened to the night, hopeful that the attack was over. She could hear the children whimpering quietly behind her, the hushed voice of Amellia comforting them and as she turned towards the other entrance she could still see the towering figure of Gus standing guard in the tunnel, never faltering, ever watchful; ready to protect his family even if it took him to his grave.
The Crossroads
Lizzie shielded her eyes, the sunlight blinding as she finally ascended the tunnels and out into the fresh air. She rubbed them gently, her vision adjusting as she looked around in horror.
The village was decimated; the buildings torn to the ground; the dirt tracks dug up, and large trenches gouged into the earth. The mass of flowers were crushed into the ground, staining the soil like blood. 
Everyone stood around, gazing in disbelief, the bodies of the dead Werevals, having been dragged from the tunnels lay piled high, their empty eyes bearing witness to what the villagers had survived. 
She felt a movement beside her and turned to see Lucas, clean once more and wearing a large baggy jumper, a serious look on his face.  
“Nice jumper,” she teased trying to lighten the moment.
Lucas smiled his face softening, but he still couldn’t hide the haunting look in his eyes as he surveyed the damage. 
“We should get going,” he said.
They looked around and spotted Amellia and Gus, organising the clean up. Amellia smiled as she saw them, stepping forward and embracing them both in a swift hug.
“We owe you our lives,” Amellia said in earnest. “How can we ever repay you?”
“If it weren’t for you, we would have still been outside when the attack started,” Lizzie answered. “So I think we’re pretty even.” 
Gus stepped forward shaking Lucas firmly by the hand and then hugging Lizzie. 
“I’m not good with words, but thank you. You have given us back more than you know. 
You have given us our hope and our belief in humanity once more. I will never forget this.”
 “But what about the Werevals, they’ll be back. They’ll know where to come. Can you not just leave?” Lizzie asked.
“Why would we go?” Gus replied.
“At least here we have a chance. We should have enough time to rebuild and prepare before the moon is high once more,” Amellia said. 
“I promise if we ever find help we’ll send them back to you,” Lizzie stated.
“I know,” Amellia smiled. “Come let me walk with you to the road.” 
They passed through the village waving to all they left behind and as they reached the outskirts Amellia stopped and pointed to the track.
“Follow this until you reach the crossroads,” she said, hugging them once more. “Then continue on the North road.”
“Thank you so much,” they both said.
 “Here,” Amellia said smiling, taking Lizzie’s hand gently and placing the cool rune stone into her palm. “My son gave me these runes on the last birthday I spent with him. It will remind you of what you must face and the destiny that is yours.”
“I can’t accept this,” Lizzie responded, stroking the smooth black rune in her hand, the memory of Amellia’s words clear in her head.
“It is a gift,” was the only response she got.
“I never knew you had a son?” Lucas said.
Sadness broke across Amellia face as she fought the emotions.
“Sorry,” he rushed “I never meant to…”
She waved away his apology stopping him mid-sentence.
“Marley was special, just like you are,” she said to Lizzie, her hands clenching tightly at the memory. “He was six when he was taken,” she said. “I can only hope that he is dead…” she faltered.
“Hope?” 
“There are far worse things in this life than death,” she answered. “I only hope you will never have to learn that yourself.” 
She smiled again, her face radiant once more.  
“You look after this one,” she said to Lucas, pointing towards Lizzie and then was gone striding back down towards her home.
“I’m trying” Lucas called after her, laughing “She’s just not making it very easy.”

******

“What exactly did you mean, I’m not making it easy,” Lizzie asked as they made their way down the path.
“It was nothing,” Lucas answered.
“No, it was something,” she pushed.
“Well, I don’t know if you’ve noticed but you’re quite impulsive. You sort of just charge in without thinking.”
“And that’s a bad thing?”
“No but…”
“Look Lucas I told you before, I spent my whole life hiding behind my fear and I’m done. I won’t apologise for that.”
“I don’t expect you too. It’s just hard standing by and watching you put yourself in danger.”
“I didn’t think…”
“It doesn’t matter,” he interrupted. “Just remember you’re not on your own anymore.”
He smiled shyly quickening his step as Lizzie was left speechless, his words echoing in her mind; you’re not on your own anymore.
For days, they continued north, following the dusty dirt track winding between the sea of trees, which they never dared to enter. They never spoke of the terror they had faced beneath the earth, the closeness they shared now an invisible barrier between them but Lizzie could feel it growing stronger every day; the need to be close to him aching in her chest as she tried to bury the feelings deep inside.  
The days seemed long, and the pair soon fell into a brooding silence as they struggled forever onwards, until the afternoon of the eighth day.
“There’s something up there,” Lucas said brightly.
“You’ve been saying that for three days now.”
“Yes, but this time I mean it,” he said, grabbing her arm and pulling her along the path in excitement.
They stepped out into a wide expanse of circular earth which was separated at each side by four dirt tracks leading away in each direction like a compass.
“It’s the crossroads,” he grinned.
“Great, let me hide my excitement,” Lizzie retorted sarcastically.
 “Well at least we know we’re going the right way,” he glared.
“Yes because following a track in one direction is so difficult.”
Lucas pushed her playfully.
“Shut up,” he laughed.
“I’m sorry,” she laughed back. “It’s great, I’m just tired and this place has a really weird feeling about it; like someone’s watching us.” 
Lucas looked around searching the tree line.
“I can’t see anyone and it seems safe enough. Why don’t we stop here and eat.”
He walked over to the Northern track and shrugged his pack onto the floor, dropping down beside it in one movement. 
Lizzie joined him, the blazing hot sun burning down on them as they listened to the humming of the forest around them.
They had just finished eating their lunch when suddenly Lizzie started and looked behind her. 
“Can you hear that?”
Lucas stopped what he was doing, straining his ears to hear what she had heard.
“Sounds like horses. Quick get off the track,” he snapped, half pulling, half dragging Lizzie to her feet and grabbing their packs, he pushed her into the undergrowth.
“What if they can help?” she whispered.
“Yeah and what if it’s a Wereval looking for dinner.”
“Don’t be stupid, you know they don’t like sun and why exactly would they need horses,” she shot back, but his warning had scared her, and she could feel herself edging further back into the protection of the bush. 
Sensing he had upset her, Lucas tried to lighten the mood.
“It’s not as if it’s going to be your real knight in shining armour, charging in on his big white horse to save you, and whisk you away to his castle,” he joked, grinning.
“Funny,” she said, glaring at him.
They sat in silence, listening to the hooves getting louder.
There were definitely more than one Lizzie thought as the noise thundered along the track, and then from where she was hiding she saw a great white horse ride into view, a dark rider astride it, and halt just in front of their hiding place.
Lizzie looked over at Lucas a smug look on her face and was about to move when she heard a low guttural voice ahead of her.
“”My Lord,” it hissed. “You honour us so far north.”
Lizzie watched as a tall, sinewy figure came into view, stooping so low his hands dragged almost to the floor, ending with long razor-sharp yellow talons and the fear washed over her as she realised she was standing just two feet from a Wereval in human form. She shuddered remembering the closeness of the beasts in the tunnel as her breath caught in her throat.
She felt Lucas tense beside her, her heart hammering so loudly she was sure they would hear it as she watched the monster grovel before the rider, but still there was no answer as another man joined them. Not a Wereval, this man, stood upright a distinct cloak of colour wrapped tightly around him, and Lizzie was sure he was a soldier as the man bowed low and began to speak.
“My Lord,” he began, but was at once interrupted. 
“Where are my prisoners?” the cool gravelly voice of the rider asked.
“We searched My Lord but we can find no signs.” 
The movement was so quick Lizzie almost missed it as the rider pulled a short silver dagger from his belt and thrust it into the soldier’s chest killing him instantly. She felt Lucas’ cold hand clamp across her mouth, smothering the scream threatening to burst from her chest as they watched the lifeless body fall to the ground, his blood seeping into the dust inches from their feet, his dull eyes staring straight up at them. 
The rider coldly re-sheathed his knife; his hand returning to caress a tattered piece of red ribbon attached to his belt, and turned to the man seated on the horse beside him.
“I know someone came through the border Captain,” he said menacingly. “And I want them found.”
“Yes my Lord,” the Captain answered. 
The rider spurred his horse and was gone, the others following and leaving nothing behind but the dead soldier, bleeding into the soil.
The Grindal
Lizzie’s reaction took over, as turning sidewards, she vomited into the green bushes; her just eaten lunch emptying onto the floor and mixing with the acrid smell of blood that burned her throat. 
How in films did they make this look so normal she thought retching once again, trying to get the image of the dead soldier’s eyes out of her mind? There was nothing normal about this. It was harsh and brutal leaving her empty and numb inside.
“We should get out of here,” Lucas said beside her. “In case they come back.”
“I can’t go back out there,” she murmured, looking up and seeing Lucas’ face a frozen mask. “Who was that?” she asked, as both tried desperately not to look at the dead body again.
“I don’t know,” Lucas replied. “But I don’t want to stick around to find out. Let’s keep to the forest and try to head north as much as we can.” 
Feeling woozy Lizzie struggled to her feet, trying her hardest to keep the soldier behind her and swung her pack over her shoulder following Lucas further into the undergrowth.

******

They hadn’t gone far, the twigs and branches snagging and grabbing at their clothes, making their passage difficult, when they noticed a flicker of movement following. Panic sweeping over them they started to run, charging through the undergrowth, fear seeping into every pore until eventually panting and gasping they stopped unable to take another step, but whatever was following them was still there watching and waiting just out of sight. 
“What is that thing?” Lizzie gasped.
“I don’t know,” Lucas answered. “But if it were one of those monsters we’d be dead by now.”
They both rested, their ragged breaths slowing as no apparent danger presented itself. What was it Lizzie thought, her eyes scanning the trees and bushes surrounding them, but seeing nothing and then there just in front of them, high up in a branch filled with dark yellow flowers she spotted it: two large eyes peering down at them inquisitively? 
She took a step forward tentatively closing the gap between them but in a flash it was gone disappearing into the flora.
“Wait,” she yelled without thinking but there was no response just the stillness of the forest.
She circled back to Lucas, who shrugged in confusion and then a slight noise made her jump. Spinning back around her mouth fell in amazement at the creature that had emerged once again from the undergrowth and with a quick leap, spinning in mid air it landed lightly on the rock beside them. They both stood speechless as the small creature stretched starring intently at them with large iridescent green eyes.
It stood about two feet in height; the top half of the body, its arms and head were definitely human, but the bottom half was that of a sleek yellow jungle cat ending in two large, powerful paws. Its hair framed its face like a lion’s mane, wildly and shaggy the same distinct colour as its hind fur. But the face was the most spectacular; distinctly human but with piercing green eyes which resembled that of a cat and then the creature grinned, a large wide open smile that spread the breadth of its face revealing a strong jaw and rows of sharp pointed teeth.
“What is it?” Lucas hissed beneath his breath not wanting to scare the beast away, even though it looked like it could rip them to pieces in a single movement.
The creature stepped forward, a high lilting laugh escaping from the powerful lips and he began to speak in a soft rhyme.
“Greeting’s friends, if, so you be, The Grindal is my name.
Who does seek the pleasure of playing my tricky game?”
“What?” Lizzie uttered, taken by surprise, not expecting the creature to be able to talk.
“Quickly, quickly time is brief, to pause here under tree and leaf,” the little creature said, jumping deftly from paw to paw.
“I’m Lucas, and this is Lizzie,” Lucas said taking charge, and moving towards the rock.
The Grindal paused, a brief flicker crossing his face, and then he smiled his huge smile once again stopping in his jumping to make a low bow.
“Lucas Harley and Lizzie Mae, So glad to meet you this fine day”
Lucas smiled despite himself; he couldn’t help but like this strange creature. 
“It’s nice to meet you too,” he answered, motioning for Lizzie to join him.
“How did he know my middle name?” Lizzie whispered as Lucas shrugged in response, but the Grindal ignored her and continued to speak.
“Welcome to my forest, where three riddles you must find,
to test that you are true of heart, loyal, brave and kind.
But choose you pathway carefully, with your heart and not your head
Or the pathway that you’re walking on will lead to what you dread.”
“Riddles, true of heart, what are you talking about?” Lizzie asked bemused.
“We just want to get out of the forest, we don’t really have time for games,” Lucas added.
“No time for games. No time for fun, but the lesson must be done.
Heed my words don’t try to leave, for surely then more lives will bleed.”
Lizzie looked at Lucas in despair not quite sure how to respond but when she turned back the little creature had disappeared, gone without a trace vanishing into the silence.
“Is it just me or did that thing really freak you out as well?” Lizzie asked Lucas.
“I thought it was great. It seemed quite harmless anyway.”  
“Yeah,” she retorted, “It’ll harmlessly rip your throat out.” 
“Don’t be so melodramatic. You can’t tell me that thing wasn’t cool?” 
“You’re such a boy, you know that don’t you.”
Lucas just grinned, picking up his pack again and started to climb once more through the bushes.
“Come on it’ll be dark soon. We better get out of these trees.”
“You don’t think it was serious about leaving, do you; about lives bleeding?”
But Lucas a short way in front just ignored her. “I’ll just talk to myself then,” she muttered but as she bent down to pick her pack up she noticed something on the rock beside her. “Lucas, wait,” she yelled. “There’s something here.”
Just ahead Lucas stopped and turned, stomping back towards her mumbling to himself as he did so, but as he reached her side, he stopped instantly. He bent quickly down towards the rock and picked up a small piece of cloth rolled into a scroll. He unrolled it his face dropping in surprise.
“What is it?” Lizzie whispered. 
“It’s the first clue.”

******

The air inside the clearing stood still as the pair frozen in place stared at the scrap of parchment in Lucas’ hand.
“What do you mean first clue, how can there be a clue?” she said, snatching the piece of parchment from Lucas’ hand as he stood calmly watching her rant.
“I’m not going off on some wild treasure hunt,” she said, waving the clue at him. “Creepy little creature talking in riddles. I told you that thing was crazy.”
Lucas waited till she had finished and then took the clue back.
“You quite done?” he asked bemused. 
“You think this is funny?” 
“No, but I think your slightly over-reacting. So what there’s a clue, we’ll see if we can solve it while we head north. If we can’t then there’s no big deal.”
“No big deal. Were you not listening to that thing? The pathway that you’re walking on will lead to what you dread. Lives will bleed. That thing’s insane and what, if we don’t play its stupid little game it’s gonna try and rip our heads off.” 
Lizzie paused taking a deep breath and collapsed onto the rock defeated. Lucas came and sat down beside her handing her his water bottle.
“You alright?” he asked.
“No; Yes, I didn’t mean to yell like that,” she sighed, taking the bottle and drinking deeply from it. “I really hate this place… and that man just died… and its just one thing after another.”
“I know but I really don’t think The Grindal is bad. It didn’t try to attack us, and I think if he wanted us dead we wouldn’t have even seen him.”
Lizzie raised her eyebrows at him as she handed back the water bottle.
“I can’t explain it,” Lucas said. “This clue, it just feels right.”
“Ok, let’s hear it then,” she answered, throwing her hands up in surrender. 
Lucas slowly unrolled the scroll again and read the clue aloud.
“Round and sweet, its colour green
That wakes you from your morning dream.
It grows so proud and guides your way
Let truth be seen as clear as day.”
He read it over a couple more times and then rolled the parchment back up slipping it into his jacket pocket. He looked over at Lizzie, who sat with her face serious in thought. 
“I’ve got no idea,” she finally said, “You?”
“Not a clue,” he laughed. “Why don’t we keep walking while we think? We might be inspired.”
“Sure,” Lizzie replied, finally laughing through a forced smile, and they both got to their feet and began the long journey through the Grindal’s forest.
 
Eye of Truth
They spent the night camped beneath the overshadowing canopy of a giant fir tree, its large branches protecting them from the cold hard rain that fell all around them, and Lizzie awoke the next morning feeling strangely refreshed, if not a little sore. She looked for Lucas, but he wasn’t there and surprisingly she felt slightly relieved. Now she had had time to sleep on it she realised she’d acted like a complete idiot yesterday, and she wasn’t looking forward to facing him again. She stretched once again massaging the cramps from her legs and stood taking in the view around her.
It had been dark when they had made camp last night, and Lizzie hadn’t noticed just how beautiful the forest was. The air felt crisp and fresh after the night’s rain, as sunlight glistened on the early morning dew casting rainbows dancing across the shadows. The whole clearing was alive with colour; hundreds of flowers in every shade blanketed the ground, some reaching high up into the treetops others creeping along the surface but all in perfect harmony, a symphony of life. 
Directly opposite Lizzie there was a small pathway hidden beneath the most unusual flowers she had ever seen. They billowed in the morning breeze, a kaleidoscope of blues, greens and yellows which reminded Lizzie of something.
Mesmerised by the beauty she couldn’t resist stepping onto the path which ran like a walkway through the patch of flora that towered high over her head; slowly running her hands through the silky softness of the leaves, when she realised that they weren’t individual large flowers but were made up of hundreds of tiny petals all grouped together. They stroked gently back at her touch, and Lizzie was suddenly reminded of the little bed she had slept in all those weeks ago at the tree house. The feathers she suddenly thought; that was what the flowers made her think of, the soft fluffy feathers that she had slept on. Gently caressing the leaves she took another step further on to the path and for the first time noticed that it led to another opening at the far end.
From here, she couldn’t make out much but it looked to be a garden or rather a fairytale garden like the one’s she looked at in books when she was little. A tiny white gate opened onto a lush carpet of green, with toadstools and twinkling lights scattered amongst an ocean of colour.
But before she could take another step she heard a low soft sound causing her to pause and listen. She could still hear the tranquil whispering of the plants all around her but underlying that she thought she could hear the steady sound of someone quietly crying. As if in a dream Lizzie was drawn further towards the tiny gate slowly tracing her fingers through the petals.
“You had that dream again last night.”
Lizzie jumped; the spell broken, and spun around, a small squeal escaping from her lips to find Lucas standing at the entrance to the path. 
“Sorry,” Lucas blurted out, seeing the frightened look on her face. “I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“It’s fine,” Lizzie laughed, shaking her head. “I just thought… It doesn’t matter,” she faltered. 
After last night, the last thing she wanted to do was cause another scene.
Lucas would start thinking she was mad.
She followed him from the path all thoughts of the garden forgotten, and headed back to camp.
While they ate breakfast she suddenly remembered his comment about her dream.
“What dream?” she asked.
“I don’t know,” Lucas replied, “But you’ve had it loads of times, thrashing about in your sleep, going on about a fire or something. Don’t you remember?”
Lizzie shook her head solemnly even though her gesture was a lie. She knew exactly what dream he was talking about. It had been the very dream she had woken from the morning they had fallen into the canal. The one that made her heart race and panic set in. She couldn’t afford to think about it, not now, or she would be a mess.
“So do I say anything else?” she asked, changing the subject.
“Well, you’ve said my name several times,” he teased.
“I did not,” Lizzie rebuked, but then caught sight of the grin on Lucas’ face. “That’s not funny. I’ll get you for that.”
“Yeah, yeah bring it on girlie,” he laughed as they began to pack up camp. 

******
Lizzie’s thoughts were a whirlwind as they began to walk. She still didn’t feel entirely comfortable with Lucas, but it was getting easier. He was actually quite nice once you got to know him and when he wasn’t being moody. He seemed different somehow than the boy she used to hide from, that had teased her and made her feel so useless. She couldn’t imagine him doing it now or was he just a good actor biding his time until he could get rid of her. She still wasn’t sure, but she was glad he was there; she would hate to be doing this on her own. She would just have to wait and see if she could trust him.
She was miles away inside her own head when she heard the crying noise again. It sounded closer this time, though still very muffled.
“Can you hear that?” she asked Lucas as she stopped.
“Hear What?”
“Shh, listen.”
They stood straining their ears and then they heard it, the distant sounds of crying.
“It sounds like someone’s upset,” Lizzie said.
“So,” Lucas answered, “And why is that our problem?”
Lizzie stared at him in disgust.
“You’re kidding right?”
“No, don’t you think we have enough problems of our own to start worrying about other peoples.”
For a second Lizzie couldn’t breath, a flicker of distrust sweeping through her body. After everything she had just thought here he was again, that boy she hated surfacing once more, his face cold and hard like she remembered, and she was forced to turn away.
“They could be in trouble,” she almost whispered.
“And?”
The coldness in his tone was more than she could bear as she turned back to face him.
“You’re serious.” She shook her head in disbelief. “Do you even hear yourself?” she snorted, struggling to look at him. “You nearly had me fooled.”
“Lizzie, what …” he began, stepping towards her.
“Stay away from me Lucas; I’ll do this on my own.” And she turned from the track heading into the bushes following the soft sound of gentle sobbing.
“Lizzie wait,” Lucas yelled after her as she marched off through the trees. 
But she couldn’t, even if she had wanted to, and she wasn’t sure any longer that she could risk trying to trust him. 
Maybe this was for the best.
But then he caught up and grabbing her by the arm forced her to stop.
“What the hell was that about?” he demanded.
“You really don’t get it, do you?”
“No,” he said in exasperation, “Why don’t you try telling me.”
“It’s not you’re problem Lucas. That’s just it. It’s never anyone else’s problem except the poor person who’s left all alone crying. It’s so much easier just to ignore it.”
Realisation dawned on Lucas’ face. How many times in the past had he ignored her tears?
“I’m…”
“It doesn’t matter,” she interrupted, her tone softening and looked down to where he was gripping her arm. “I just thought you were different, that’s all. I guess I was wrong.”
They walked on in silence, Lizzie a few steps ahead when they reached a small outcropping of rock and there sitting on a large boulder sat the figure of a young girl crying into her hands. Lizzie approached cautiously.
“Excuse me, are you alright?” she asked.
The figure jumped, flitting into the air on silvery wings that shimmered in the sunlight. They both stood transfixed gazing into her warm, pretty face as she stared blindly back at them from a single eye socket in the very centre of her forehead.
“Who’s there?” she asked in a low husky voice.
“Its okay,” Lizzie answered. “We don’t mean you any harm. We just wanted to check if you needed help.”
“Help,” the little girl said. “You wanted to help me? Why? People only ever come here to take my help. Not the other way around.”
“We don’t need any help,” Lizzie replied, “You just seemed sad.”
“Maybe she could,” Lucas started but was shot down by a look from Lizzie and didn’t finish his sentence.
“Really,” the little girl said sounding surprised, and she flittered back down to rest on the rocks once more. “My name is Maraleena; I am a fairy sprite and guardian of The Garden. Please come closer so I can see you.” With this, she waved towards herself. Lucas stared at Lizzie a puzzled look on his face, and she shrugged approaching the girl as requested. 
She sat down on the rock beside Maraleena, feeling like a giant next to the tiny sprite and watched as she gently put out her hand feeling her way slowly towards Lizzie’s face. Lizzie didn’t flinch but sat still as the fairy softly traced the contours of her features, feeling her eyes, nose and mouth and then just as slowly let one hand wander down and placed it protectively across Lizzie’s heart. She was silent throughout but then with a sudden high peal of laughter a great smile spread across her face. 
“It is a great pleasure to meet you Lizzie,” she said still smiling.
“How did you know her name,” Lucas said, breaking the moment between them.
Maraleena jumped once more and flew behind Lizzie. 
“Its okay,” Lizzie reassured her. “This is Lucas, he’s with me.”
Cautiously Maraleena edged from behind Lizzie to take her place once again on the rocks.
“Would you also sit?” she asked Lucas.
Lizzie nodded, and Lucas took her place beside Maraleena. She copied the movements exactly, tracing the face and then placing her hand across his heart, but this time a frown appeared on her lovely features. Lucas seeing the look pulled away instinctively, but the little fairy didn’t move.
“You have a good heart Lucas. You should let people see it more.”
“How would you know,” he snapped, standing back up and walking away.
“That is my curse,” she whispered. “I see the truth that no others wish to see.”
“How can you see anything?” he demanded.
“We do not need eyes to see everything Lucas, only our hearts.”
Lucas never responded, and the trio fell into silence.
“So why were you crying?” Lizzie asked, breaking the quiet.
 Maraleena looked sad once more.
“I have not always been blind,” she began. “I have spent many years tending my garden and showing people the truths that they seek. It was a simple life which I loved, but I have lost my sight and was unable to find my way back. It will only be a short time before my truth is lost forever.”
While Maraleena was talking, Lizzie couldn’t help but think she was missing something. She listened closely, but her mind kept picking up on just one word.
Truth.
And then it hit her.
Let truth be seen as clear as day.
It was the first clue. How could she have been so blind? It was all there right in front of her.
“Lizzie,” Lucas said gently and she realised that Maraleena had stopped talking.
“It’s the first clue,” she said. “They were feathers, Peacock feathers.” 
A faint flicker of a smile crossed Maraleena’s face, and Lizzie knew at once she was right. 
“What feathers?” Lucas asked, taking the scroll from inside his pocket and laying it out on the ground. 
Lizzie joined him her excitement about to burst from inside her and pointed at the first two lines. 
Round and sweet, its colour green
That wakes you from your morning dream
“Okay, peas are green and a cockerel crows in the morning. It’s so easy. Pea, cock. Peacock. The flowers I saw this morning were peacock feathers I just didn’t realize it at the time and the next two lines.”
It grows so proud and guides your way
Let truth be seen as clear as day.
“The feathers were lined along the walkway to the garden where Maraleena was supposed to be, where we would find the truth.”
Lucas sat beside her a confounded look across his face. She’d done it; she’d figured out the clue.
“So what do we do now?” he asked. 
“We give the feathers to Maraleena of course.” She looked up and saw a great big smile across the fairy girl’s face. “We give her back her sight.”
“But how do we get the feathers now. They’re back near the camp?”
“I’ll go back and get them they’re not that far,” Lizzie said, dumping her pack on the ground.
“No, I’ll go,” Lucas stopped her. “What happens if you can’t find your way back?”
“You don’t know where they are,” she said the resolution clear on her face. “I’ll go. It won’t take long.”
She was about to leave again when Lucas stopped her.
“Wait,” he said, taking something out of his pack. She looked down and watched as he attached the long length of rope Sydney had given them to her jeans belt loop. “Just in case,” he smiled.
She could hear Sydney’s voice in her head on the day they had left “Now remember, no matter how far you stretch it, this rope will never break, the magic will always hold.”   Lizzie smiled back and then ran off into the forest to find the feathers that would bring them the truth.
******
Lucas had felt awkward sitting alone with the tiny fairy sprite and so they both sat in silence as they watched Lizzie disappear into the trees. He’d never had any brothers or sisters, and he wasn’t sure how to act around younger children especially ones with wings and one eye. And so he’d sat thinking about Lizzie. He’d felt terrible before about arguing with her, he didn’t know why he did it. 
He just couldn’t stop the words from coming out
“What were you arguing about when you arrived earlier?” Maraleena suddenly asked as if she was reading his thoughts.
Lucas shook his head unable to answer. How could he tell her the truth; but then again if she could see the truth anyway, what was the point of lying.
“I didn’t want to help you and Lizzie did.”
“And why didn’t you want to help?” she asked quietly, coming to rest beside him, only inches away.
“I don’t know,” he said. “I guess it’s like what you said earlier. People don’t help others unless there’s something in it for them. Having someone indebted to you is a way of having power over them. It makes you stronger, or so my Dad tells me.”
“Is that what you truly believe?”
Lucas shrugged unable to look at the fairy even though she couldn’t really see him.
“Strength isn’t having the power over someone else Lucas. True strength comes from within; in our words and in our actions and in our hearts. Like your friend. Behind all her walls she has an inner strength like none I have seen in a long time, she just doesn’t know it yet. You must be able to feel that.”
Lucas didn’t answer, and they both lapsed into silence, the moments passing by until finally Maraleena spoke again her voice soft.
 “So if that’s what you believe why do you keep trying to help her? What do you get out of it?” 
Lucas was shocked by the question especially seeing as he didn’t know the answer. He didn’t know why he kept trying to help Lizzie. He guessed it was because he had let her down so many times, and now she was all he had, but not wanting to own up to it he kept quiet.
“I thought you were supposed to have all the answers,” he joked.
“I do,” she answered smiling. “But I’m not the one that needs to know them.”
Lucas paused for a while thinking about what she had said.  
“I meant what I said earlier about you having a good heart Lucas you just need to show her she can trust you.”
“I can’t,” he began, but his words were cut short as he was tugged backwards off the rock, the rope pulling tight across his waist and he landed with a hard thump on the ground. He immediately jumped to his feet and moving towards the forest he shouted, “Lizzie!”
“Sorry,” she yelled from out of sight. “I tripped.”
And then there she was coming through the trees a great big smile on her face as she clutched the precious feathers in her hands.
She quickly made her way over to them and laid the feathers across the rocks.
“I didn’t know which one she would need, so I brought a few,” she said, in response to Lucas’ questioning glance.
The fairy sprite swiftly floated over to the feathers and with slow, precise movements let her hands glide inches across the top of each one as if feeling its power in turn and then with a quick flick of her wrist, that they could hardly see she chose a small bright blue and green feather with a large yellow eye and placed it to her face. 
They could hardly contain their gasps as they watched the feather melt into Maraleena’s features. The short stem darkened her nose, whilst the feathers fanned out framing her tiny features like a crown, but the most amazing thing was the eye itself. Where there had once been an empty blank socket now sat the brilliant yellow eye of the feather, which blinked at them as if seeing them for the first time.
“You really are quite cute,” she said to Lucas smiling. “It’s a shame you’re nearly 300 years younger than me.”
Lucas felt himself blushing as Lizzie burst into laughter and was joined by the high tinkling laughter of the fairy.
“Thank you,” Maraleena said gratefully, floating over to them and taking their hands. “I now have something for you.”
“We don’t need anything,” they both answered as one and Lucas felt Lizzie turn to look at him in surprise.
“I know, which is why it makes it even easier to give this to you”
She held out her hand and there as if by magic appeared another scroll which she handed to Lucas. 
He opened it slowly a frown appearing on his face.
“It’s the second clue,” he said.
“Great,” Lizzie said, “We’d better hear it then.”
They both sat back down on the rock, and Lucas read the clue aloud.
“Two halves of a puzzle you both will clearly see
Twist and turn and you will find a lock without a key
Let courage be your guiding light, put faith in what you fear
Circle once and take a step, the pathway will be clear.”
He read it through once more and then turned to Lizzie.
“Any ideas?”
 “No,” she replied, looking over at Maraleena. “Can’t you give as any more clues?”
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I do not know the answer this time but I have faith in you both. You just need to have faith in each other.” She flittered back over to them and rested her hands gently on both of their chests. “Now I must be getting back to my garden. It truly has been a pleasure,” and then with a quick smile she was gone, flying into the sunshine.        
Part of the Bigger Picture
The day seemed endless after that, as they travelled through the forest, the silence between them deafening without the constant chattering of Maraleena but neither dared to speak. 
It was getting dark when they finally stumbled into a small clearing with a large clear path ahead of them. It glistened in the early evening twilight welcoming them to stop under its overhanging protective canopy of trees.
“Finally,” Lizzie said, heading towards the path. “Somewhere that looks safe.”
“I’m not so sure,” Lucas answered, hesitating. After his first night with the Grisselflax vines he was a little warier of things that looked safe, “And besides the pathway splits, what if we have to go this way?”
“That isn’t a path,” Lizzie remarked, coming to stand next to him while he stared into a dark narrow opening. 
“Yes it is; you can see the path winding in-between the branches.”
Compared with the wide bright opening of the right hand path the trail that they were now looking at was almost camouflaged; lost between a tangle of heavily spiked branches and trees that disappeared into an impenetrable darkness.
“Lucas, there is no way on this planet that I’m going in there,” Lizzie said, sitting down.
“But what if it’s the way out?”
 “Let me think about it for a moment,” she said sarcastically, holding her hands out in an action of a scale.  “Nice bright, safe looking path or scary black tangle of darkness. That’s a hard one.”
“Very funny.”
“I wasn’t trying to be funny.”
“Maybe we should camp here for the night. It might look better in the daylight.” 
“I highly doubt it”
They made camp and ate their food in silence, Lizzie unable to take her eyes from the dark patch of trees surrounding the path. Then as usual Lizzie positioned herself to take first watch as Lucas settled down under his blankets but sleep refused to come. 
He couldn’t stop thinking about what Maraleena had said this afternoon, and he lay for hours half dreaming about all the things he had done in his life. He could see Lizzie out of the corner of his eye sitting quietly ever watchful of the bushes surrounding them, and he felt his heart race. He wasn’t sure if she knew he was still awake, but she hadn’t looked over at him once and as he lay there he willed her to turn towards him so he could see her face properly, but she never did. He wasn’t sure why now, but he had to say something before he burst and so he sat up.
“I’m sorry Lizzie,” he said, breaking the silence.
She must have known he wasn’t asleep as she never jumped or turned towards him but answered quietly.
“Sorry for what?”
“Sorry for everything. For Sam, for me, for ignoring it all, for us ending up here, everything”
She turned slowly to look at him her eyes shining in the glow of the campfire.
“I’m not that person, Lizzie,” he said. “I can see myself doing it and inside I’m screaming do something you idiot, don’t just stand there, but I can’t; I just… I’m so sorry.”
He lapsed into silence his long blonde hair forming a protective barrier across his face, hiding the emotions etched so clearly on his features. 
They both sat for a few more moments neither saying anything and then Lucas stood up.
“You’d better get some sleep,” he said abruptly and strode into the dark night leaving a speechless Lizzie alone with her thoughts.

******
Much to his relief Lizzie was fast asleep when he returned to the camp or maybe she was pretending like him, but he didn’t question her on it. He sat down his head still spinning and wondered why he had just told her those things. He wasn’t sure if it was what Maraleena had said or Lizzie’s face when they had argued, but it was the first time he had been able to say them out loud, to stop himself hiding from them. It was the first time he had realised that he didn’t want to be that person. He didn’t want to be his Dad.
Not anymore, he was done.
Feeling better, he settled down under his blanket and waited for dawn, listening to the surrounding darkness, watching for any flicker of movement but none came only the deep rhythmic breathing of Lizzie as she slept soundly beside him occasionally struggling against a bad dream he could not see and so his thoughts wandered once again to the second clue. They had walked for the whole day, since leaving Maraleena and had seen nothing. Not a stone or a statue or anything that could be a lock. Or maybe they had missed it; maybe it was too small, or they had gone the wrong way. 
Lucas was still thinking about this when the first shafts of sunlight glinted into the clearing, lighting up the pathways before him. The right hand path still looked invitingly open, brilliant white in the morning glare but somehow now the shadows flickering in the distance gave Lucas a sense of foreboding like something was waiting for them. 
He turned to the left hand path. If it could even be called a path hidden beneath the densely black tangle of branches and twines but now there seemed to be a faint sense of hope as the light teased its way through. 
“Come on, which way do, we go,” he mumbled aloud to himself. “There must be an answer somewhere,” he wondered, staring at the two paths as the sun rose higher. 
Light or dark; Black or white; did it really matter, what if they had already passed the clue and either way would lead them nowhere.
And then it hit him like a lightning bolt on a stormy day. 
That hadn’t missed the clue. This was it!
“You idiot,” he blurted out, getting to his feet “You’ve been staring at it all night.”
Lizzie started awake at the sound of his voice.
“What is it?” she mumbled.
“The clue, this is it,” he responded enthusiastically, pulling the scroll from his pocket.
 “Two halves of a puzzle, don’t you see,” he said pacing between the two paths and then back to the centre where Lizzie joined him.
“Honestly no,” she said, turning her head sideways to try and see what he was looking at. “But then again I am still half asleep.”
Lucas turned to face Lizzie and smiled. 
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” he said apologetically, the excitement seeping off him.
“Its okay,” she answered. “But can I at least eat while you explain. I’m starving.”
Whilst they sat and ate their breakfast of bread and dried, fruit Lucas explained his idea to Lizzie.
“It was so easy once you looked at it from a different perspective,” he began. “We were looking for something small right, like a puzzle that we could hold but we were wrong. The puzzle isn’t what we twist to find the lock it’s what we have to solve to find it. The pathways are the puzzle.”
“And how do you figure that?” Lizzie interrupted.
“Okay let me try to explain, without confusing you,” he began. “In most cases light equals good and black equals bad, but not always. Some believe that the colour white, which represents light, is meant to be made up from all the colours and so contains all the chaos that goes with those colours, whilst black is said to be the absence of all colours meaning purity. Do you follow me so far?”
“Kind of…, black good, white bad. It’s a twist on what we should automatically assume, but what does that have to do with the clue?” Lizzie asked confused.
“It’s Yin and Yang,” Lucas said, drawing a large circle into the ground with a stick he was holding. 
“What like the symbol?”
“Yes. On one side we have the white, the other the black both folding round to make a perfect fit,” he said, using the stick to draw a pattern into the circle. “See on this side we have the wide opening of the white,” he pointed at one part of the circle and then motioned to the entrance to the right hand path. “But look what happens to the white, it becomes smaller and smaller until it vanishes. The black section, on the other hand, starts off tiny and widens as it goes around both creating a perfect circle.”
“I guess it depends on which way you look at it.” 
“Well, the side we’re looking at it from shows the light path as wide and the dark path as small.”
“So what you’re saying is that if we take the nice easy, safe looking path we’re going to get trapped but if we go in there,” she said, pointing at the dark entrance. “It’s going to be alright.”
“That’s exactly what I think. We’ll either find the one piece of darkness within the light or the one piece of light within the darkness.  Remember, the clue says let courage be your guiding light. We have to go in there.”
“I knew you were going to say that,” Lizzie said reluctantly, knowing he was right.
The Last Clue
“After you,” Lizzie exclaimed, once they had packed up and were standing at the entrance to the darkened pathway.
“Thanks,” Lucas grinned, stepping onto the lower branches of the first tree and hoisting his body into the small opening in front of him. It was a tight fit and he pushed and heaved trying to squash his way through when with an almighty crack the branches gave way and he fell unceremoniously head first through the hole into the blackness.
“You alright?” Lizzie asked through gritted teeth as she tried to hold back a laugh.
“Just great,” he answered, his face appearing at the opening covered in leaves, “Your turn.”
He helped Lizzie through the widened gap, until they were both standing in the darkness and without success tried to ignore the pain that was throbbing in his leg. 
I must have landed on something he thought as he brushed his hand down his leg feeling for where it hurt and was surprised when he found a large thorn sticking into his leg. 
He pulled it out and let it fall to the floor secretly glad it was so dark because now at least Lizzie couldn’t see the patch of blood that was beginning to seep down his trousers. They had better get out of here as quickly as possible. 
He strained to look around as his eyes adjusted, flustered by the sudden closeness of Lizzie right beside him. 
It looked like they had been swallowed by a giant monster so completely were they surrounded by the thick spiky vines and bushes that led further into the distance, the remnants of a path underfoot.
Please don’t let these vines be poisonous, or I won’t hear the end of it he thought flexing his leg where the pain was getting worse.
“Are you sure about this?” Lizzie asked nervously beside him. 
He smiled and nodded reassuringly “Come on.”
He squeezed his way into the next gap forcing his body against the thick vines that blocked his way, resisting him with every movement and eventually fought his way through to the next tree, Lizzie following behind him. The bushes were so tightly packed together here the going was extremely tough, but they never stopped, both pushing and squeezing their way through, at times sliding into the gaps on their stomachs, others climbing up high right over the top, until they were exhausted, but the vines never stopped, like an endless sea carrying them forever forward.
They stopped occasionally to rest and drink, their bodies aching from exertion but after hours of climbing they still seemed to be no further through, the impenetrable darkness making it impossible to tell if the sun had started to set and for the first time Lucas began to regret his choice. His leg was throbbing, a dull aching that pounded over the cries of the rest of his body and he wished that they could just stop. He could hear Lizzie’s breathing beside him uneven and fast and could just make out her dirt smeared face in the gloom, her hair hanging limp and wet from the sweat and then she smiled at him and it was like a shining ray of light in the shadows. 
He smiled back a surge of energy rushing through his body, and he clambered over the next vine into a small clearing. It was only just big enough for them both to stand in but after the cramped enclosure of the vines it felt like heaven to stretch out their weary limbs. 
They stopped for a while eating the remains of their food and after both deciding that it wasn’t late enough to camp they continued once more on their path. Much to their relief, the trail, eased slightly after this; the vines and branches not so closely compacted and although it was still hard work it was nowhere as bad as when they had first started and even though they still had to squeeze through the gaps there were definitely bigger spaces between each one. 
“Is it me or is this getting easier?” Lucas asked after a while.
“Oh yeah, much easier,” Lizzie gasped sarcastically, her breathing still ragged.
“I’m serious.”
“So was I.”
They paused for a moment getting their breaths back and then Lucas climbed into the large high vine that towered in front of them.
“It’s getting lighter,” he shouted back down to Lizzie who was still resting. “I can see an opening ahead.”
Lizzie scrambled up to join Lucas and looked to where he was pointing. 
It was still quite a way ahead, but the very fact that they could see light enthused them, and they sped up quickly jumping over the vines and branches that still tried to hinder them. It took them a while but eventually they reached the opening they had seen from the tree top. The pathway was quite wide now, and the dazzling light was blinding after their hours in the darkness. They eased their way forward, shielding their eyes and stepped out of the shadows onto a broad, high ledge that overlooked a valley.
 They walked towards the edge and stared silently at the view before them, captivated by its pure beauty.
They were standing several feet above the tree tops the vista disappearing into a vast canopy of colour. They could see for miles as the colours blended perfectly with the rays of the setting sun.
“It’s beautiful,” Lizzie breathed. “It reminds me of the viewing balcony back at Sydney’s.”
They stood for a while enjoying the peace while the sun sunk lower into the horizon.
“So you still sure this was the right way?” Lizzie asked, interrupting the stillness “Because I’m really not seeing a path anywhere.”
She turned away from the view to look around the ledge they were standing on and saw that it ran about two metres long and about a metre wide and was surrounding on all other sides by the think dense vines.  
“The clue said circle once and take a step,” Lucas replied, looking over the edge of the cliff. “Maybe we have to take a step off.” 
“Okay, now I know you’re crazy because you didn’t just ask me to step off the side of a cliff, did you?”
“Maybe it’s a leap of faith or something.”
“Or maybe we’ll both just die.”
“You’re being melodramatic again,” he remarked, stepping back from the edge. 
A sharp shooting pain suddenly flared up his leg causing him to trip, as he hit his foot on something hidden under the grass and fell in a heap to the floor. 
“Are you alright?” Lizzie said, rushing over and for the first time noticed the large dark stain on his trousers. “Lucas what happened?”
“It’s nothing,” he said, trying to get to his feet unsuccessfully. “It’s just a scratch.”
“Then why didn’t you tell me,” she asked. “You need to let me take a look at that.”
“Lizzie, did you just ask me to take my trousers off for you,” he grinned, raising his eyebrow suggestively.
“Lucas,” she gasped, moving towards him. “Stop messing and let me look.” 
He pulled his leg away from her suddenly embarrassed by her touch and scraped his hand on something sharp.
“I said I’m fine,” he snapped, turning onto all fours and scrabbling at the ground. “Look I found something.” 
Lizzie watched in disbelief as there on the floor appeared a large circle made up from perfectly carved pieces of stone like a mosaic. 
“What is it?” she asked, helping him to clear the grass away.
“I don’t know. It looks like some sort of statue,” he said, brushing the remaining earth away. “Look, you can see it makes some sort of animal.”
Lizzie tilted her head sideways and then a short gasp escaped from her lips as she dived backwards onto her bum.
“It’s a snake. Look it circles around itself.”
Lucas stared down at the stone carving and could now quite clearly make out the shape of a large ornately carved snake winding around itself.
“Don’t tell me,” he asked, “You’re afraid of snakes?”
“Yeah, what difference does that make?”
“Put faith in what you fear. You’re going to have to do this bit.”
“Great,” she huffed, moving forward once more. “What exactly am I supposed to do?”
“I’m not sure,” he began, gently tracing the outline of the stone but as he spoke a slight tremor in the scales made him pull his hand back as the head of the snake lifted.
“Please tell me that didn’t move,” she asked tensely.
“Circle once,” Lucas was mumbling to himself but he stopped at her question. “That’s it; you need to make the snake circle once.”
“How?” Lizzie asked, getting closer.
“I don’t know,” he answered, but try what I did.
Lizzie reached out her hands wavering over the stone; she really did hate snakes, and as her hand reached the head again it lifted higher towards her touch. Without thinking her hand pulled away in fright and at once the head lowered again.
“I think that’s it. You just have to keep your hand there,” Lucas said reassuringly.
“That’s easy for you to say, you’re not the one having to touch it.”
She braced herself again taking several deep breaths and reached out once more. This time she didn’t pull her hand away as the snake moved, but gently stroked the cool surface of its scales running her hand across its head onto its body and feeling it shiver beneath her fingers as they made contact with each part. She looked over at Lucas who shrugged. She looked back down to where her fingers were slowly tracing the lines of the snake’s scales as she followed its body around the stone circle, and was relieved when her hand finally reached the head once again but as she did so, it lifted its head and gently began to wind itself around her hand and then become still. 
“Now what?” she asked, too frozen to move.
“Circle once I guess.”
She kept her hand flowing smoothly this time too scared to break the spell that she seemed trapped inside and very slowly the snake began to make its way around the circle of stone, this time in the opposite direction. They watched on in awe as the snake began to escape its stone prison, giving the impression that the snake was really alive and chasing its own tail.
“Look,” Lucas gasped, pointing towards the edge of the cliff where a small platform was starting to appear. “It’s working.”
She was almost there, the snake nearly free of the stone circle and then as the head again reached its start place; it released a loud hiss, and Lizzie froze. There perfectly wound around her hand was a real live snake it’s green and brown markings shimmering in the dusky sunset and then it vanished into a puff of smoke and was gone.
Lizzie breathed hard, the scream that was threatening, dying in her throat.
“Oh my god, I thought I was going to pee my pants,” she gasped.
“That was cool,” Lucas said, getting to his feet and walking over to where the platform had appeared. 
“Again, not you that had to do it,” she added, getting to her feet. “So do I want to ask what is it you’re scared of then?”
“Heights,” he said, peering over the edge and stepping lightly with one foot out onto the platform to test it.
“Really,” she laughed, watching him step completely out into midair.
“You know, I’m really not loving this clue anymore,” she remarked jokingly, stepping out to join him and then the ground gave way beneath them.

******
A piercing scream assaulted Lucas’ ears as they plummeted towards the bottom of the large ravine, branches and leaves whipping them from all sides until at last they were abruptly halted half way down by a large soft bank of moss that tipped them rolling and sliding into a large open tunnel that continued rushing ever downwards as a torrent of water and mud lapped at their bodies swirling them round and round like leaves in a storm drain. 
The tunnel was mostly dark as they disappeared in and out of the undergrowth unable to stop themselves and it was only when they broke into a large patch of clear sky above them that Lucas realised he was alone. He tried to turn, desperately looking for Lizzie but was unable to see anything but the rushing shrubbery, as he was carried helplessly along the slick muddy shoot, the branches snagging at his clothes and face. He could only hope that she was either in front or behind him and then after a few more twists and turns he was plunged into total darkness once more as he entered a large opening at the base of a giant tree and was dumped unceremoniously onto the hard cold floor surrounded by rushing water. 
He lay there for a few moments too battered and bruised to even care about moving, letting the water wash over him, and then slowly he rolled onto one side escaping the cold. He stood up stiffly the pain in his leg almost unbearable and searched amid the gloom for any signs of Lizzie. 
When he was certain she wasn’t there, he collapsed against a rock on the floor.
“Nice one idiot,” he said aloud to himself. “Yes, I’m sure we have to go this way,” he mimicked his own words from earlier at the camp.
“This way, that way, the path has brought you here today.”
Lucas jumped as a voice spoke directly behind him making him jump, and he turned to see the large bright grin of the Grindal staring down at him. 
“Oh no,” he groaned cupping his head in his hands. “What have I done?”
The Grindal, ignoring Lucas’ uneasiness, gracefully leapt to the floor in front of him.
“The truths been answered and puzzles found, to bring you to me, underground.
Just one more clue to bring you safe, to reach your final resting place.”
While he spoke the Grindal jigged around in a little dance and as he finished he held his hand quickly out to Lucas revealing another scroll lying on his palm. Lucas tentatively reached forward and took the proffered piece of paper and read it aloud. 
“With hearts that are true one by one step into the light
Listen now and heed my word, all your work will be undone.”
“Okay, this makes no sense,” Lucas asked the Grindal, puzzled as the little creature danced among the flickering lights, “Do you know where Lizzie is?”
“Now you must prove you can sacrifice all, do not utter a word of this clue in the hall
Trust in your heart and finish your quest, into the light will be for the best.”
When the Grindal had finished his rhyme, he smiled once more and then as if by magic disappeared into thin air.
Lucas’ head ached. All he wanted to do was lie down and sleep; it must have been ages since they rested last. 
Lizzie was right he thought that creature is insane. The sudden thought of Lizzie made his heart race. He still didn’t know where she was or even if she was okay. 
He struggled to his feet determined to find a way.
“Lizzie,” he yelled and was relieved to hear her respond, her voice echoing from the far corner of the cave. He moved towards it and found an opening in the rock face leading to another connecting tunnel and then he heard it again; the distinct sound of Lizzie calling his name over and over. 
She called me Luke he thought, smiling to himself as he entered into the shadows.
Into the Light
Lizzie hated the dark almost as much as she hated water, so both of them together were completely freaking her out. After recovering from the initial shock of the drop at the cliff, the mud slide had been surprisingly good fun except that now she was cold and wet; covered in mud and alone in the dark. 
It hadn’t helped when that stupid creature had jumped out and scared her half to death rambling on about clues and secrets. She knew she’d been right about it; it was crazy but then she was feeling pretty crazy herself and once again she was lost, all alone and searching for answers. 
Why can’t anything ever just be easy?
She thought back to what the Grindal had said. Don’t utter a word in this hall; what hall; was she not allowed to talk at all or was she just not to mention the clue. And did that mean she wasn’t allowed to tell Lucas; if she could even find Lucas. 
Her head was spinning as she stood up slowly, the mud already starting to dry, sticking her clothes to her body like she’d been mummified and looked around. It was still pretty dark but now her eyes had adjusted she could make out what seemed to be a tunnel, on the far side, leading from the chamber she was in.
“I swear I’m going to kill Lucas when I find him,” she said aloud, entering into the shadowy opening. 
She walked slowly, tracing her hands along the sides of the tunnel feeling her way by the rough stone walls. I wonder what this place is, she thought. Maybe it was another sanctuary like Beauview. 
The thought of Beauview made her shudder as an unwelcome image of a Wereval forced its way into her head. Her breathing fastened, and she quickened her step until a sudden break in the wall, to her right, made her stop. A gust of wind swept through the opening carrying a slight echo to her ears.
“Lucas,” she shouted, turning automatically into the new tunnel. “Luke, Luke,” she continued to call his name over and over as she walked. 
Then she heard another noise this one sounding closer.
“Luke, is that you?” she yelled stopping.
There was no answer, and she flattened herself, crouching protectively against the rocks. 
“Oh great Lizzie, why don’t you tell everyone where you are,” she muttered to herself, standing back up. “Maybe there’s a really great big monster down here that hasn’t eaten yet.”
She shook her head in disgust at herself and forced her legs to keep moving towards the end of the tunnel where she found herself emerging into a huge circular room. 
“Lizzie,” she heard from across the hall and with a huge sigh of relief looked up to see the bedraggled figure of Lucas emerging from another tunnel on the opposite side of the chamber. She rushed to join him, the weight lifting from her chest and he greeted her with a great big reassuring smile. He really does have a nice smile she thought to herself as a sudden flush of crimson blossomed across her cheeks making her glad for the first time of the mud she was covered in. 
“You called me Luke?” he asked.
“Did I, sorry I didn’t mean to.”
“No, its fine,” he interrupted. “It sounded nice, it reminded me of home.” He stopped realising he’d said too much, and Lizzie felt the blush return once again to her face.
“So what do you think this place is?” she asked to break the awkwardness.
“I’m not sure,” Lucas replied, turning to assess the hall they were standing in. 
It was vast with several tunnels leading from it and at the very centre stood an enormous fountain that seemed to be radiating light instead of water.
“Into the light,” Lucas whispered.
“What?” Lizzie snapped, not quite hearing.
“Nothing,” he answered defensively. “I was just saying it’s so bright,” he lied. “Let’s take a look.”
They carefully made their way out of the shadows and approached the fountain that seemed to be raining light directly into the floor. It was breathtaking, and Lizzie could feel her heart racing with every step they got closer.
“Maybe I should go through and see if there’s a way out?” Lucas remarked nonchalantly.
Lizzie thought again of what the clue had said. Do not enter both together. If she let Lucas go through first maybe they would be alright. Or maybe he would take the punishment so she could escape.
“Lizzie,” Lucas interrupted her thoughts. “We have to do this, it’s the only way. I’ll be fine.” 
He smiled nervously and took a step towards the fountain. Would he be fine; there was something in his smile that made her think he wasn’t so sure.
“Lu…” She was about to say putting her hand out to stop him but he had already turned, calling her name at the same moment.
 They both froze staring at each other in the eerie light and then both at the same time pulled the scrolls the Grindal had given them from inside their jackets. 
Neither spoke a shrouded hush filling the air.
Lucas stared straight at her and then in a low voice said.
“Now you can prove you can sacrifice all.”
“Don’t utter a word of this clue in the hall,” Lizzie finished.
And then Lucas smiled breaking the spell between them.
“I guess we blew that one then,” he laughed.
“How?” Lizzie asked.
“The Grindal was waiting for me,” Lucas explained.
“And me,” Lizzie said confused. “He gave me the clue and told me not to mention it.”
“He told me exactly the same thing. Does your clue say the same because mine makes no sense at all? It doesn’t even rhyme which is odd.”
He took the scroll from Lizzie and read it aloud.
“The answers will become quite clear if you have chosen right
Do not enter both together, if you do then all will be lost.”
“Yours is different,” he finished puzzled.
“Is it?” Lizzie asked taking Lucas’ scroll from him and sitting down on the damp floor.
“You’re right, it makes no sense. Why would they give us two separate clues and then tell us not to tell each other.” 
“I don’t know,” Lucas replied, sitting down beside her. 
He knelt forward and placed the two scrolls side by side on the ground so they could see them better in the light from the fountain. 
“So why did you tell me?” Lizzie asked. 
Lucas looked up from the clues and stared straight into her eyes.
“Because we’re in this together, and you’re stuck with me, whether you like it or not,” he answered, nudging her with his shoulder, “And besides you were going to tell me anyway.” 
Lizzie smiled her face lighting up. I hope I’m not blushing again she thought and quickly let her gaze fall back to the clues.
They really didn’t make sense. The basic idea was that they were supposed to step into the light though they weren’t meant to do it together, but something about it didn’t feel right.
“Do you still have the other clues?” she asked.
Lucas nodded and took them from his pack, laying them beside the new ones.
He was right she thought they don’t even rhyme. All the others definitely rhymed. But maybe that was it; together they didn’t rhyme but what if you put them together. 
“This was the test,” she blurted out.
“What?”
“This was the test,” she repeated. “Remember what the Grindal said when we first met him. To test if you are true of heart, loyal, brave and kind.” 
A flicker of realisation dawned in Lucas’ eyes.
“Loyal that was it. We proved we were brave and kind; we just had to prove we were loyal so they separated us and waited to see if we would tell each other. That was the test.”
Lucas smiled again even wider.
“You are a genius,” he said.
“I have my moments,” she laughed.
“So we were meant to put the clues together.” 
“I think so,” she agreed, “But I don’t see how they fit.”
They sat for a while struggling to put the pieces together, but whatever way they put it, it still didn’t rhyme and just felt wrong.
“I’ve got it,” Lucas burst out.
“Both together, with hearts that are true, step into the light
The answers will become quite clear if you have chosen right 
Listen now and heed my words do not enter one by one 
If you do then all will be lost, all your work will be undone.”
“And I’m a genius,” she smiled. “I am suitably impressed,” Lizzie said nodding. “So it was a trick. If we hadn’t trusted each other, we would have gone through separately and messed up. We need to go through together.”
“I think so,” Lucas answered, putting all the clues back in his pack and standing up.
“What do you think would have happened if we’d gone through one by one?”
“I really don’t want to think about it,” he said. “So shall we do this?”
“We don’t really have much choice,” Lizzie joked joining him.
They closed the gap to the fountain in a few steps until the rim of light began inches from their feet.
“Ready?” she asked.
“Just in case,” he said, taking her hand and together they stepped into the light.

******
The clear, bright whiteness blinded them after the darkness of the chamber, burning their eyes and making their heads pound with a dull ache that threatened to tear it apart at any moment. Lizzie could feel the cool polished surface of the floor beneath her as she knelt clutching her head in her free hand, praying for it to stop. And then with a final wave of nausea the light ceased, dimming to a radiating glow all around them. 
She looked up slowly and turned to see Lucas kneeling beside her on the floor, still gripping her hand; their knuckles both white. 
He really didn’t look so good.
“You alright,” she asked him breathlessly.
He nodded unable to talk as they both scrambled to right themselves again, and Lizzie took the chance to look around at their surrounding. She was amazed to see they were standing in a large empty hallway with ceilings that towered high above adorned by sparkling crystal chandeliers. There were several entrances leading from the corridor, but most intimidating of all were an immense set of large double doors at the far end.
“Please, come with me,” a sharp voice barked making them both jump and they noticed a short stout man in a green suit that had appeared out of thin air beside them.
They watched in bewilderment as he waddled off along the passage, halting abruptly a few paces away and tapping his foot impatiently on the cold polished floor. 
They followed quickly behind and were ushered unceremoniously through the large doors that she had been transfixed by only to find themselves in a small antechamber that was packed with strange looking people, all wearing extravagant bright coloured clothes. The people were crammed so close to each other that Lizzie could see none of their surroundings except a small dais that was raised slightly at the far side of the room, where on intricately carved chairs sat three old people, dressed in green robes. Just in front of them on the step leading down from the dais stood the intimidating figure of a young man with long dark hair and piercing green eyes. 
Lizzie stared round at the luxuriant rich robes and jewels; at the bemused faces all scrutinising them; the whispered hush of unsure voices and she suddenly became extremely self conscious about her filthy mud streaked clothes and straggly hair. 
She pulled distractedly at a stray piece of hair and tried to brush some of the mud away, but nothing was going to help her appearance right now.
 “Where are you from, my child and what is it that you seek?” a deep husky voice asked, silencing the surrounding crowd.
Lizzie looked around trying to find where the voice was coming from and as a slight pathway opened in the crowd leading to the dais she realised that it was the old man wearing the dark green robes in the centre, who was now beckoning them to come closer. They moved unsurely, the crowds closing behind them almost as soon as they had passed and approached the high wooden dais where Lizzie could see the man with the green eyes more clearly now and realised as she drew closer that he was, in fact, a boy not much older than Lucas. He wore a dark green tunic with a golden dragon emblazoned on the front and a sword hanging from an ornate belt at his waist. His expression was cold as he stood protectively in front of the older men, his hand constantly resting on his sword. 
A slight cough drew her attention, and she realised she hadn’t answered yet.
“I’m sorry,” she gestured towards the older man. “My name is Lizzie, this is Lucas. We were just trying to find our way home.”
“There are rules to this forest young lady. Rules that must be followed,” he said.
“Hey trust me we don’t want to be here any more than you want us here,” she began and then saw for the first time that the Grindal was sitting quietly on the back of the old man’s chair. He smiled at her as she noticed him, and she waved her hand in his direction as she said “If it hadn’t been for your friendly neighbourhood stalker we wouldn’t be here at all.” 
The old man smiled a thin tight smile.
“There is always a choice. You made that choice when you accepted the first clue,” he said as the Grindal jumped lightly onto the arm of his chair, “And I assure you the Grindal is not always this friendly.”
As if to emphasise his point the Grindal opened his mouth in a huge wide smile showing all his teeth sharply glistening.
“And you boy,” the old man suddenly indicated towards Lucas, “Do you always stand back and let the women do the talking?”
Lizzie turned to Lucas who she realised had been silent throughout and saw that he really didn’t look so good. His face was an ashen white beneath the mud, and his body was hunched over in pain. His left trouser leg was now a deep red from the wound, and she noticed that he was unable to take any weight on it but as the old man spoke to him, she watched as he drew himself upright determination showing on his gritted face. 
“Excuse me, sexist much? And if I’m not wrong you’re the one being cryptic. We told you who we were. I don’t remember you doing the same.”
The old man smiled again.
“I believe that you are right. My name is Leviro; I am the ruling Elder here at Castle Valista.”
“Castle Valista? Isn’t that the King’s castle?” Lucas asked, turning to look at Lizzie in surprise.
“You know of the King?” the dark haired boy asked as he stepped down to join them, his voice deep.
“Tae,” the old man said, halting the boy’s approach, but he didn’t retreat. “This is indeed the Kings castle but how is it you know of him?”
“We were told of his death by the Keeper of the Eastern Border,” Lucas answered solemnly.
At this statement, a collective intake of breath gasped throughout the room.
“He told us you went missing the same day,” Lizzie finished.
After a brief pause, the old man spoke once more his tone lowered, the grief apparent in his voice.
“It is indeed grave news you bring,” he began, his hands wringing tightly together in his lap. “For although we have always feared for the King, there has always been a faint glimmer of hope. A hope that one day he will once more return.” 
“I’m sorry,” Lizzie said, seeing the sadness on everyone’s faces, but most of all on the face of the boy who stood before her, his eyes glistening with the tears he fought to hold back. 
“This is truly sad news that you bring,” the old man nodded. “We have lived here at Castle Valista for many years now protected from the evil we feared had arisen.”
“Protected?” Lizzie asked puzzled. 
“Yes the castle is protected by great magic.”
“But what about everyone else outside?”
“The protection is only for those that are within the boundary of the castle. You two are the only ones ever to make it through.”
“So what everyone outside isn’t important enough for you to help,” Lizzie asked angrily, stepping forward, her voice rising.
“They are not our concern at this time,” the old man stated.
“Oh no, don’t start her off again,” Lucas said, grabbing for Lizzie’s arm but he was too slow.
“Not your concern,” she almost shouted outraged. She felt the anger rising in her chest as she thought of the desperate fear she had felt whilst in Beauview. The fear the people had felt every day, and she looked around at these pompous self righteous people that felt they could judge her. It made her feel sick. “Have you any idea what it’s like out there?” she asked the crowd in general. “No. No idea at all while you sit here in your safe little bubble playing god. I thought the King’s of Kaimeara were meant to rule and help the people. Not hide.”
“I accept your anger young lady but I see you do not understand clearly.”
“Oh I understand,” she said loudly, stepping towards the dais. “I understand real clearly. The King dies and you all run away and hide like cowards, with your creepy riddles and rules, while your people, the people you’re supposed to be protecting live in fear just trying to stay alive.”
“You should learn some manners,” the tall, dark haired boy barked angrily, stepping forward as if to strike her.
“Yeah and you should back off,” Lucas snapped, stepping protectively in front of Lizzie and putting himself only inches from the other boys face.
Anger flared in the other boy’s eyes, and he reached for the sword hanging at his side.
“You must excuse my brother,” a clear, smooth voice said, as a raven haired lady appeared beside them, placing her hand over the boy’s arm. “He forgets himself, as do, all of my court,” she said, glancing towards Leviro. “It has been a long while since we have had guests.”
The boy sneered at the word guests, forcefully pulling his arm from his sister’s grasp and strode purposefully from the room. The lady ignoring his exit moved closer to them, but as she did her way was blocked by an imposing dark man, his walnut black skin shining darkly in contrast to the colourful robes surrounding him as he stood several feet above everyone else naked from the waist up, a large sword hanging from his belt. 
“It is alright, Ma-een,” she said to the man. “These children mean me no harm.” 
He bowed low and stepped aside to let the lady approach.
“My name is Lady Catalina,” she said in greeting. “I am High Ruler in the absence of the King. Please let us not argue. You look in need of rest and food and medical attention,” she finished, motioning towards Lucas, who was on the verge of collapse. “I will have you shown to your rooms and a healer sent.”
She clapped her hands and instantly the little man in the green suit appeared bustling them from the room. 
Lizzie took one last look behind her as she left and was sure she saw a wide smile flicker across the old man’s face before she was led from the room and further into the maze of the castle.
Council
Lizzie was bored.
They’d been in the castle for four days now, and although she was allowed to wander wherever she wanted to, people still tended to avoid her and so she was pretty much left to herself. She ate in her room and spent the seemingly endless hours exploring her surroundings, but her days were still filled with a silent apprehension that she didn’t quite understand.  She had been brought before a court scribe and been asked to recount their journey to the castle. This she had done with no embellishments whilst the little scribe had scratched away with his pen, asking no question and then simply left once she was finished. 
She hadn’t seen anyone since; not the lady Catalina or her great dark warrior or even the Elders again but she had seen the dark haired boy once or twice striding purposefully throughout the castle. 
He was actually quite good looking if you took away the arrogance and coldness. 
She gently swung her legs as she thought, kicking at the stones along the edge of the fountain where she was sitting. She had found the fountain on her second day in the castle and had been here every day since. She had thought it was strange to find it tucked away behind the palace grounds positioned near the edge of a steep drop, as if it were hidden but now it just made her love the spot even more. It made it feel special and once she had climbed up onto the high stone wall that surrounded the fountain there was an ornately carved statue that created an almost perfect seat. Here you could look out over the whole of the palace grounds, which seemed to sprawl out in every direction below her, filled with hundreds of people and animals going about their daily lives. It was still hard for Lizzie to believe this was the same world that she had travelled through for days; it seemed softer somehow; less harsh as if the evil hadn’t touched it yet. 
“Luna Lake isn’t really real, is it?” a small voice suddenly interrupted her thoughts. 
Lizzie leaned over curiously peering into the greenery below and spotted a gardener busily clipping the bushes while two children sat on the ground close by.
“Why the legend of Luna Lake is as old as time,” the Gardener answered solemnly. “They say that when the moon is high the faces of the dead can be seen in the rocks around the lake and that on that night if an innocent is sacrificed it will free the monsters from their prison.”
“But they don’t really take children there, do they?” the little boy asked nervously.
“They do if they don’t stop interrupting my work,” the gardener laughed scooping the boy into his arms and spinning him.
The boy squealed as Lizzie laughed at them playing, and it suddenly struck her what had been worrying her all along. 
She missed Lucas. 
It was hard to even admit the truth to herself, and that was why she had been blocking it out, but that was why she had felt so lost. They had spent every day together for weeks and now that he wasn’t there she really missed him. She only hoped that he would wake up. It was strange to think how things changed. Never in a million years had she ever thought she would miss Lucas or be worried about him.
 “Excuse me, Miss,” a soft voice interrupted.
She leant sideways over the edge of the fountain, and saw a young girl standing just below her.
“I thought you might like to know your friend is awake.” 
A wave of relief flooded over Lizzie, and she jumped from where she was sitting landing in a run, a huge smile on her face.
“Thank you,” she yelled over her shoulder to where the maid still stood watching her race towards the castle.

******
A sudden uneasiness swept over Lizzie as she cautiously entered Lucas’ room, her shoes clattering on the polished floor. He was lying propped up, almost hidden beneath the piles of pillows spread across the huge four poster bed, his face pale, but he smiled as soon as he saw her enter.
“Nice dress,” he remarked as she approached, “Very fairytale princess.”
Lizzie looked down at the pale blue floor length dress that she was wearing, and her face flushed scarlet.
“They took my jeans,” she muttered flustered.
“Lizzie I’m kidding, you look really nice.”
They both paused; a slight tension between them and then Lizzie sat down on the bed beside him.
“How are you feeling? You had me worried there for a while.”
Lucas smiled again, the colour returning to his face.
“A bit better,” he began and then paused. “Who am I kidding it hurts like hell, but it feels better that it did. What happened?”
“A healer came to see you. That scratch you said was nothing; was poisonous. He said your leg had become infected, and you’d lost a lot of blood. It was kind of green, and there was lots of puss. It was pretty disgusting actually. They gave you loads of herbs and packed it with this grey mud stuff which stopped it from spreading. Then we just had to wait until the fever broke.”
“How long was I out?”
“About four days. They got all the infection out but you…” She stopped.
“I’m sorry I worried you,” Lucas said, seeing the look of anguish on her face. 
“That’s okay,” she said recovering, “I got to listen to you babble on and on in your sleep; saying my name over and over.”
Lucas grinned, catching the mocking tone in her voice and Lizzie grinned back beginning to laugh.
“That’s not funny,” he said.
“Yeah, well the next time you do anything that stupid I’m going to kill you myself.”
Lucas laughed and for the first time in days Lizzie actually felt happy.
******
Over the next few days, Lucas began to heal and was soon able to move easily with the aid of a pair of wooden crutches that the healer had given him. He still couldn’t put any weight on the leg and so they spent the days sitting out in the sunshine, talking and watching the people of the castle go about their days.
Then on their tenth day of being in the castle, they were once again summoned by the Council. 
They were led along several winding passageways until they were shown through a small doorway to find themselves in a small council chamber which consisted of nothing more than a raised dais like the one the Elders had sat at previously and a large round table in the very centre of the room. Seated around this table sat all three of the Elders, Lady Catalina, Tae and four other people Lizzie didn’t recognise.  Standing protectively behind Lady Catalina’s chair stood the large warrior Lizzie had seen before.
“Welcome,” Leviro started, motioning to the two empty chairs around the table, clearly showing everyone who was in charge. “I hope your stay has been a pleasant one?”
“It’s getting better,” Lucas responded swiftly, struggling to sit down. “I guess I should thank you for healing me. I owe you one.”
“There is no debt owed,” Lady Catalina answered. “It is not in our nature to let others suffer no matter what some may seem to think.”
“I suppose you’re referring to me,” Lizzie said icily, a frown appearing on her face.
She knew it. They were here to ambush them before they served their punishment.
A flash of anger appeared on Lady Catalina’s face as she made to speak again but sensing her outburst, Leviro leaned over placing his hand gently on hers a pleading look on his face, and she visibly relaxed.
“You really should learn to hold your tongue,” he said flatly to Lizzie.
“I spent all my life keeping my mouth shut but not anymore. I’m sorry if you find that offensive or rude but the last few weeks have been terrifying, and I really don’t need to sit here and be judged by you,” she finished, pushing her chair backwards and standing up.
“Lizzie please,” Leviro said forcefully and then softened his voice, “Please, sit down. We seem to have got off to a very bad start, but I would like to explain, if you would let me.” Lizzie looked away from the old man towards Lucas, who nodded, and she sat reluctantly back down.
“Fine,” she uttered, feeling the tension ease around the room.
“Some of the story you already know but some even we are still unclear of,” Leviro began. “The day the king disappeared was a sad one for all of us. We do not know what caused the disappearance but what we do know is that on that day the castle and everyone within it and the grounds were brought here. I said before that the castle was protected, what I failed to explain was that we are trapped here unable to leave. The protection is too strong. It keeps us safe by allowing none to enter, but also none shall leave. We have lived here all those years unsure of what lies on the other side unable to help; unable to find a way through; you two were the first ones ever to succeed.”
Lizzie suddenly felt an ache in her stomach as she listened to the old man. Why hadn’t she kept her mouth shut? Just once more wouldn’t have hurt. Instead what did she do, she’d jumped to conclusions and assumed that these people didn’t want to help.
“Now don’t I feel stupid,” she began embarrassed but Leviro held up his hand to silence her.
“There is no need to be sorry my child. You spoke from the heart. Your mistake was an honest one, not born of malice.”
“So why is it we managed to come through?” Lucas said.
“We are not sure,” the old man seated next to Leviro answered, in a high pitch voice.
“My friend Bastian is indeed correct,” Leviro remarked. “We have spent many days trying to find an answer, and for this I am sorry, for we have left you alone far too long.”
“So what’s protecting the castle,” Lizzie asked interested.
“We believe it is an old magic called a Glimmer,” The Elder lady replied, and seeing the confused look on their faces she continued. “The Glimmer is meant to exist as a crystal orb that can contain an infinite substance. When the spell is cast the object, in this instance the castle, is captured within the orb and held there until the Glimmer is smashed.”
“So you want us to believe that we’re all trapped inside a tiny crystal ball,” Lizzie snorted in disbelief. “You’re joking right.”
“No,” the lady answered solemnly. “We are not sure of the exact details of the spell as it has been lost for many years but yes in essence we are all held within the orb.”
“We believe that on the day the King vanished he placed a Glimmer on the castle in case anything was to happen to him,” Leviro finished.
“This is all well and good,” Lucas said, “But what has this got to do with us?”
“You are the first to make it through the Glimmer,” Lady Catalina answered. “Others have tried but all failed.”
“But what about the Grindal?”
“The Grindal is part of the Glimmer; part of the protection. He may pass between the spell but he is unable to break it.”
“So what, you think because we made it through we’re going to be able to break the spell?” Lizzie asked. 
“See, I told you they would not be able to help us,” Tae suddenly burst out making Lizzie jump. He had been so quiet throughout that she had almost forgotten he was there. “They are nothing but children.”
“Tae,” Leviro warned as he waved his hand across the table, and revealing and old piece of parchment. “This is why we believe you will be able to help.” 
He rolled out the parchment stroking the sides lovingly. “This parchment is part of an ancient book, a book that has been lost for many many years now.  The book of Gelhara. This book is said to contain all the prophecies that have ever been written about Kaimeara.
Lizzie looked across at Lucas in bewilderment but never interrupted as the old man continued. 
“The prophecy states that a true hero would journey through the light and find the Princess beneath the surface. Together they would bring harmony once more to Kaimeara and finally defeat the evil.”
Lucas was laughing before the old man had even finished.
“I’m sorry,” he spluttered, tears appearing in his eyes, “You think I’m some sort of hero?”
He was laughing so hard by now he could hardly talk as everyone in the room sat in bemusement watching him.
“You think this is funny?” Tae snapped, standing up. “Give me a sword and I’ll prove he’s no hero.”
The threat stopped Lucas laughing in an instant, anger flashing across his face as he stood.
“You reckon,” he snapped as they both stood, glaring at each other across the table, “Anytime.”
 “Look, I know this is serious,” Lizzie interrupted, “And I get that you think Lucas is some sort of hero but you still haven’t answered the question. What is it exactly you want us to do?”
There was a silent pause around the room and then Leviro answered.
“We want you to find the Glimmer and destroy it.”

******
Lucas had fallen asleep soon after they had left the council chamber, the exertion being too much for him, and as Lizzie sat in her room thinking on everything she had been told she suddenly thought of her Mum, and the tears began to fall, tracing great rivers down her face. 
After the first few days at Sydney’s she’d tried not to think about home any more but this last revelation had sent her over the edge; she just wanted to go home; she wasn’t cut out for some storybook adventure. She just wanted to sit in her own room and blast her own music and eat dinner with her Mum and not worry about anything. Not about being safe; or finding princesses or breaking spells. It was all too much.
 Leviro had explained if they broke the Glimmer, the castle and everyone in it would be free to enter Kaimeara once more and he would be able to help them get home but surely there must be some other way; some other way that didn’t include more danger; more uncertainty. 
But as she lay cradled among the dampened pillows on her bed she came to a decision that would change her life forever. 
Nothing ever came easy, and this was just the beginning.
The Primrose Court
That night a great feast was held to honor their lost King and to welcome their new guests. It was an extravagant affair with richly cooked food and drinks, music and entertainment.
Lizzie had felt strange at first in the beautiful long dark red dress they had given her; her hair tied up with silk ribbons but as the evening wore on she began to feel content for the first time in as long as she could remember as she twirled and danced in the grand ballroom, the vast space filled with a kaleidoscope of glittering lights and colours. 
They had been introduced to endless rows of smiling faces and Lucas in a smart dark blue silk tunic had looked every part the hero as he talked to everyone, thankful that he was unable to dance due to his injuries. The only person she noticed who didn’t seem to be participating in the festivities was Tae, who looked stunning in a rich black silk tunic which contrasted dramatically with the vibrant colours within the hall, and it was only when Lucas mentioned something that Leviro had said, did Lizzie realize Tae’s choice of colour.
He was in mourning for the King. 
She caught his eye once or twice after that and had tried to smile, but he had cut her off with a cold stare and moved away, so she chose to avoid him, instead joining in with the dances or sitting with Lucas watching everyone enjoy themselves. It would be hard to leave after tonight she thought, but she knew they would have to and the sooner the better.
******
It was well after midnight when she returned to her room sinking into the silky soft covers of her bed, when a slight knock at the door made her jump.
“It’s me,” Lucas whispered opening the door, “Can I come in?”
“Sure,” she said sitting up as he hobbled to the side of the bed and sat down uneasily, “You alright?”
“Yeah, I just didn’t get to talk to you much tonight,” he said smiling. “I mean about this afternoon. Just wanted to see what you thought.”
“You mean do I think you’re a hero destined to save us all?” she teased. “No offence but I’ve seen your rescue attempts, remember.”
Lucas laughed.
“So you think we should try and find another way home?” he asked.
“Honestly, I’m not sure,” she answered more seriously. “At first talking about prophecies and rescuing princesses kind of freaked me out, but then it got me thinking about Sydney and Rose,” she whispered the last name secretively as if they were being listened to. “And I came to the conclusion that we’ve already met an actual dragon, I don’t think anything is going to get stranger than that.”
“Really,” he said, relief showing clearly in his voice, and Lizzie nodded. “Good because I was thinking the same thing. I mean I’m no hero but if finding this Glimmer helps all these people and maybe finds us a way home, then at least we can try. We don’t really have a choice do we.”
“There’s always a choice,” Lizzie said in Leviro’s mocking tone and they both laughed. 
“I guess we could go north and see if we find anything on the way,” he added.
“Where does that sound familiar,” Lizzie pondered tapping her lower cheek. “Oh yeah, when we took that first clue off the Grindal and look how well that’s turned out?”
“Well at least you haven’t had to sleep on the floor all week,” he said, struggling to his feet and throwing a pillow at her, “And I haven’t had to listen to your snoring.”
“Huh,” Lizzie choked in indignation, throwing the pillow back at him as he made his way across the room.
“Lizzie,” he said seriously, pausing halfway through the door and turning to look at her, “That day on the canal, I’m glad I jumped.”
“So am I,” she agreed smiling.

******
Over the next few days, Leviro visited them frequently, teaching them all he knew about the prophecy; the Glimmers; spells and about the land of Kaimeara itself. Lizzie and Lucas found it fascinating listening to the old stories about dragons and knights and felt rather guilty hiding the secret of Rose’s existence but still they were sworn to uphold the trust, and they would not break it. 
In return, they told Leviro in detail about their home and about their travels through the land of Kaimeara. He sat in horror as they relived their nights in the tunnels of Beauview and was intrigued by the Werevals as they had not existed in his time. 
Lizzie warmed to the old man as the days went by, and missed him the days that they never saw him, and she felt awful that she had thought so badly of him to begin. But as the days passed they both become restless and as they talked more of the quest ahead they both became more excited and eager to be leaving. Lucas’ wounded leg was preventing them though as it continued weep and would not stay healed leaving him unable to put any weight on the leg. 
In his frustration, he was becoming bad tempered and irritable and so Leviro decided it would be a good idea if Lizzie learnt how to ride a horse and how to protect herself with a sword. She had laughed at first but after much persuading Leviro had managed to get her to agree for Lucas’ sake, as it would take both their mind off of things. 

******
Lizzie had seen the training grounds from her hideout up at the fountain but watching from a distance was much less intimidating than being here amongst them. 
Leviro led her to the end enclosure where she found Lucas casually sitting on the fence a huge smile across his face.
“What are you doing here?” she asked.
“You didn’t really think I was going to miss this, did you?” he replied smiling.
“You’d better not tease me,” she said curtly, “Or I’ll make sure you can’t walk on the other leg as well.”
“Would I?” he answered innocently, looking up as something caught his eye.
Lizzie saw the sudden brief flicker of movement, and turned to see Tae entering the grounds. 
Great she thought, what was he doing here?
She watched as he walked over to Leviro and gave a short sharp bow, taking one of the swords and helmets from the old man.
“Lizzie” Leviro shouted, beckoning her over.
“Oh, great just kill me know,” she muttered, shaking her head as she joined them.
“This is Tae, our High Prince,” Leviro said as she reached them. “And this is the lovely Lady Lizzie. I don’t think you two have been formally introduced.”
Lizzie gave a half smile as the dark haired boy stared at her impassively, and then he turned and walked away.
“Tae will be your teacher” Leviro began.
“My what?” she blurted out, “I… He… But,” she stuttered, struggling to find the right words.
“Don’t worry you’re in good hands,” Leviro assured her, handing her the other helmet and sword, and retreating to the safety of the fence to sit by Lucas.
She slipped the helmet apprehensively over her head, the sword feeling heavy and awkward in her hands, and with her heart pounding she walked over to join Tae in the centre of the grounds. 
He bowed smartly to her, and feeling slightly stupid she bowed back.
“Don’t take your eyes off me,” he snapped, catching her around the side of the head with a swift, sharp blow.
Too stunned to speak Lizzie just stared at him.
“First rule! Never take your eyes off me.”
She glanced over at Leviro, just able to see him through the visor of her helmet, and he smiled reassuringly.
“Again,” Tae snapped, bowing once more.
She mirrored his gesture, this time keeping her eyes firmly fixed on the dark haired boy in front of her.
“Better,” he responded, “But this is making it harder.”
He stepped closer to her for a brief moment, and pulled the heavy helmet gently from her head, making her gasp. Then throwing it to the floor behind them he returned to his place opposite her. 
“Tae,” Leviro cautioned as the boy pulled his own helmet off and tossed it to join Lizzie’s on the floor. The old man caught the look on Tae’s face and never finished his sentence. “Don’t worry,” he said aloud as Lucas fidgeted beside him, “He won’t hurt her. Not on purpose anyway.”

******
Lizzie spent the next few hours learning how to spar; the correct way to hold a sword; how to position herself; how to move until every inch of her body ached with exhaustion. Tae was a good teacher, strict, but fair and Lizzie found herself listening to his directions and after a while picked up fairly easily whether she was doing it right. But he was relentless and after enduring hours of practice she broke away from him, the sweat dripping down her face as she held her hands up in surrender.
“Wait,” she gasped, trying to catch her breath.
“Again,” Tae snapped, ignoring her and thrusting once more with his sword; which she just missed.
“I can’t,” she panted, “Just give me a minute.”
“Do you think your enemy will give you a minute,” he stated coldly, attacking her once more. 
She tried to dodge again, but this time his sword caught her with a ringing slap across the back of her thigh, causing her to yell out in pain.
“Stop,” she shouted, holding up her hands again.
This time he ignored her all together, and with one swift fluid movement he disarmed her, his feet sweeping her legs from beneath her, and she found herself dumped backwards onto the hard ground his sword held at her throat whilst his heavy black boot pinned her to the floor.
“Never show defeat,” he said calmly, releasing his sword from her throat.
“You’re crazy,” she yelled, pushing his foot from her chest, and scooting backwards away from him as Leviro and Lucas hastily made their way towards them.
“And you are a silly little girl that should not be playing at things she does not understand,” he said coldly.
They both stared at each other, and then he turned and stalked out of the training ground. “Yeah and you’re an arrogant son of a…” her words faltered as she saw the stern look on Leviro’s face as he held his hand out towards her. “What is his problem?” she asked angrily getting to her feet. “He’s completely insane.”
“No, Tae is just mis-understood and very angry but he has a good heart. You just have to learn to listen.”
“Listen, I can just about breathe.”
Leviro laughed a low, deep laugh.
“Give it time, it will get easier. And as for Tae he has a hard tale to tell, and maybe one day he will share it with you, but for now you may be comforted in the knowledge that you will not find a better teacher, ever”
“Yeah right,” she answered, dusting herself down. “You just wait and see I’ll knock that smug, arrogant look of his face if it’s the last thing I do.”
Lessons Learned
Lucas sat impatiently picking at the fence he was sitting on, the frustration showing clearly on his irritable body as he waited for Lizzie to finish her lesson. They’d been in the castle for weeks now and with the help of the healer, his leg had gradually healed but the boredom was killing him. The horse riding was fun, mainly because he’d been riding since he was old enough to walk, and the exercise was good for his leg, but the rest of the time he’d spent watching Lizzie train, eager to try himself and now finally today was the day.
Now it was his turn. Now it was payback. He hoped. 
He looked over at where Tae was fighting with Lizzie.
There was just something about Tae that he didn’t like, something arrogant that reminded him of his Dad, and he couldn’t wait to get on the field with that self-assured stuck up snob who thought he was so perfect. 
Let’s see how well he does against someone who knows what they’re doing he thought. He sighed out loud.  
How much longer he thought jumping down and tapping at the fence restlessly and was relieved to see Lizzie bow for the final time and make her way over to him. 
“Your turn,” she called cheerfully as she reached him, climbing up onto the fence where he had just been sitting. 
“And what exactly are you doing?” he asked, watching her.
“You really don’t think I’m going to miss this, do you?” she laughed.
“Alright, I deserve that,” he laughed back.
“Just watch his left,” she called after his retreating back.
He grinned, flexing his leg as he ran over to where Tae and Leviro were talking. 
This is going to be fun he thought, seeing the hard look of disdain on Tae’s face as he moved away to retrieve a helmet from the rack.
“Ah Lucas, you sure you’re ready for this?” Leviro welcomed him.
“Never better,” he answered jovially smiling, watching the other boy.
“Here,” Tae said, sensing Lucas’ stare, and threw him one of the helmets.
“I thought we didn’t need these?” he asked, catching it smoothly.
“I don’t,” the other boy remarked. “You have yet to prove yourself.”
So it was going to be like that then was it Lucas thought, catching the look on Leviro’s face. That suited him fine. He wasn’t scared.
Tae bowed, short and sharp, not quite as respectful as he was with Lizzie and Lucas mirrored his movement perfectly.
He stared at the other boy. He could do this. It was all about watching your opponent, watching for their weaknesses, and he’d spent weeks watching Tae. He knew his weaknesses; he was confident that he knew what move Tae was going to make even before he’d thought of them. 
As he expected Tae made the first move, a ringing right handed swing which would have hurt like hell if it had caught him, but Lucas was ready for it catching the sword deftly with his own and deflecting the blow. He countered almost instantly, but Tae was prepared catching his swing cleanly. They circled each other almost as if they were dancing; their movements perfectly timed, both trying to gain the advantage, but neither able to find their opponents weakness, the blows beginning to rain down harder and harder.
Lucas had forgotten just how good it felt. It wasn’t quite the same but still satisfying probably more so, and as his stiff muscles eased his body relaxed into it as they had done for many years, much to the displeasure of his opponent who hadn’t been expecting this and who hadn’t anticipated for one second that Lucas would know what he was doing. Lucas grinned beneath his helmet. 
What I wouldn’t give to see his face right now he thought. 
The fight wore on neither dropping their guard until Lucas became aware of a searing pain in his leg, and he paused to flex the muscle. Oh no, please don’t tear he thought but there was no way he was stopping. 
The slight distraction was enough though, as Tae, sensing his hesitation stepped in below his guard and caught him with a left handed elbow to the head, crushing his helmet full into his face and sending him careening backwards.
 Lucas pulled the helmet from his head; blood pouring down his face, and grinned.
 “So you want to play dirty, do you?” he retorted, wiping the blood away with the sleeve of his tunic and throwing his helmet to the ground.
“Enough,” Leviro’s deep voice yelled, stopping both boys in their tracks. “Lucas back to the castle and get cleaned up. You,” he pointed at Tae, “My chamber now.”
Lucas couldn’t quite keep the smug look off his face as he walked back to the castle.
“Where did that come from?” Lizzie asked, walking beside him.
“My Mum’s made me take fencing lessons since I was about six,” he answered. “Not something I usually brag about, but it came in handy today. Not so smug now is he,” he finished, looking behind at Tae, and then back at Lizzie his face beaming.
“You have to show me how to do that,” she laughed. 
The next morning, as they arrived at the training ground, Lucas was surprised to see Lady Catalina’s dark warrior Ma-een warming up with Tae.
“What’s the matter Tae got you scared?” Lucas commented sarcastically.
“Any time,” the boy retaliated, pulling his sword.
Lucas felt a firm hand on his shoulder, and he stopped. 
“I thought it best if you train with Ma-een today,” Leviro stated matter-of-factly. “We don’t want to risk you boys killing each other now do we?”
“Suits me,” Lucas answered, joining the giant warrior as he watched Lizzie move to the other side of the ground with Tae.
If felt strange that for the first time, he wasn’t watching Lizzie train but the large man didn’t give him any time to dwell on it. Training with Ma-een was a lot harder than he had expected it to be. The warrior wasn’t as quick or as skilled as Tae, but he was much stronger, and the heavy blows rained down on Lucas until every inch of his body ached, screaming in agony with every movement he was forced to make.

*****
The following weeks blurred into one after that, an endless routine, with every morning spent with the horses, the afternoons focused on training and on the rare occasions when Leviro was free, it would be spent with him learning about the magic and history of Kaimeara until once more Lucas felt his frustration returning. 
When would they be ready; when was their training going to be enough?
“Lucas, you alright?” Lizzie interrupted him, one morning while they were sparring, and he was startled from his daydream to find himself in the training ground. He looked over at Lizzie, who was staring at him, a worried expression on her face.
“Sorry,” he replied lamely, “I switched off for a minute there.” 
“What’s up?” she asked.
“Oh, I don’t now,” he shrugged. “It just feels like we should be doing something.”
“So what do you call this then?” she asked, pointing her sword at him.  
“I know but… Isn’t this usually the bit in the film that lasts two minutes and shows a nice montage of us learning to fight,” he finished dejectedly. 
“Okay,” Lizzie added bemused. “Where did that come from because if that scar wasn’t proof enough, this isn’t a film. We’re not guaranteed a happy ending.”
Lucas shrugged.
“I know it sounds stupid but it just feels like we’ve been here forever. I just want to get on with it now.”
“Well, whose fault is that?” Lizzie remarked.
“Nice,” he laughed, cheering up. “If I remember rightly it was you that said, after you, before I climbed into that tree when we first found the second clue.”
“What, so you would have preferred me to have gone through first and almost died. You’re such a gentleman Luke,” she laughed.
“Do you really think you’d keep beating me if I weren’t,” he retorted, stepping backwards instantly as he said it, and just missing the sword stroke Lizzie had aimed at him. “I’m kidding,” he cried, starting to laugh and raising his hands in mock defeat as she prepared to strike again.
She lowered her sword reluctantly as he grinned.
“I just wish something would happen,” he said. “I feel like we’re stuck in limbo, just waiting.” He paused for a moment and then raised his sword again. “Okay, enough moaning. You ready?” he asked, preparing to strike.
“Lizzie, Lucas,” a voice called from behind causing him to pause, and he turned to find Leviro walking towards them his face serious.
 Lucas looked back at Lizzie her face a mask as she said.
“Hasn’t anyone every told you to be careful what you wish for.”

******
"Come in my children,” Leviro’s warm voice welcomed them as they approached his chamber, the flickering candles lighting their way along the dark passage.
They had changed from their training clothes and had hastily made their way straight to his chamber, a slight apprehension nagging in their stomachs.
“How do you do that?” Lizzie asked as they entered. 
“It is amazing what you can do when you learn to listen,” he remarked, motioning towards the two chairs that sat waiting for them at the desk. “I am sorry to interrupt your lesson but I have great need to talk with you.”
They sat down, and the old man joined them placing a large ancient looking book on the desk in front of them, its pages opened to show an image of a large golden dragon.
Besides the image, Lucas could see faint markings resembling words, but in a language he couldn’t understand.
“What is that?” he asked curiously, tracing his fingers across the intricate lettering.
“It is the Olde Language or Dragonsworde as it is also known,” Leviro said, taking a small pair of spectacles from his pocket and putting them on. “I found this book whilst I was originally researching the Glimmers,” he began, “But had forgotten all about it until you arrived.”
“Is that the Golden Dragon?” Lizzie asked in awe, staring at the picture.
She had thought Rose was beautiful, but this picture was breathtaking.
“It is,” he remarked, smiling. “He was truly Magnificent, and even this picture does not do him justice.”
“You knew him?” Lucas asked surprised.
“I did,” Leviro said, “And I am honoured that I was able to call him a friend, as it was a great loss when he departed. It was he that taught me Dragonsworde. I am one of the very few that can still read it.” He paused again lost in his memory of his old friend, and then with a small cough began to speak again. “I originally thought this to be nothing more than a children’s story but now I am not so sure.”
“Why, what does it say?” Lizzie asked.
Leviro cleared his throat and began to read.
“In his desire to protect all those that he loved, he called on the power of the four elements; Earth; Air; Fire and Water. And so it was the Isle of Simkus was created to offer protection and safety for all future rulers of Kaimeara. Once the king was sure of its power it was hidden from the world only to be called on in times of great need to offer sanctuary to those the Kings and Queens needed to protect.”
He stopped reading, and the room was quiet as all absorbed his words.
“I thought you said it was a story,” Lucas said after a while, “I’m not quite sure I understand.”
“Neither did I,” Leviro said, “Until I found this.”
He took a piece of parchment from his pocket and laid it on top of the book. 
They both stared at it in horror reminded suddenly of the scrolls that the Grindal had given to them in the forest, and then Leviro unrolled it and began to read.
“Kings and Queens of Here and There
To seek protection for those you care
Call to land and call to sea
The Isle of Simkuss appear to Thee
Call to flame and call to sky
Its secret keep until you die.”
“So it’s real?” Lucas said puzzled.
“I think I get it,” Lizzie said before Leviro could answer. “If this island is real, then when the King cast the Glimmer he would have sent it somewhere safe to be protected. Right, somewhere only he would know where to find it.”
“Precisely,” Leviro said. “I believe this isle is where you will find your answers.” 
“So where is it?” Lucas asked. “If it’s hidden how are we supposed to find it?”
“You must travel to the one element still around, that was there at its crafting. You must visit with the Winged Horses of the Air.”

******
As the day wore on they once again joined Leviro in the council chamber to discuss their journey, but this time they were joined by Tae, Lady Catalina and the other council members. It was agreed they would leave at the next new moon, which was only just under a week away and so they spent the evening planning their route and becoming familiar with the surroundings they would be travelling through.
Lucas was actually quite excited now, although the thought of journeying once more through the harsh world was terrifying. At least now they had a purpose and were that little bit closer to getting home. He hadn’t thought about home in a long time. 
But as they were finishing up, and their plans had been finalised Leviro asked them to wait as the others departed, and Lucas found himself alone with Lizzie and Leviro once more.
“I have something for you both,” Leviro started, retrieving a pile of items from beneath his chair. “It is not much but I hope it will be of some use to you on your journey.”
The first item was a small silver tin, and as they exchanged puzzled glances, Leviro explained.
“This is Cluejam,” Leviro said, opening the tin carefully, and sliding a tiny silver spoon from where it was concealed within the lid, “It is a strong magic that will help you when you are in trouble. You simply need to take the spoon and swallow the tiniest amount of the jam possible,” he said as he scooped up a minuscule amount of the red jam inside and showed them. “The magic will do the rest.”
“But what exactly does it do?” Lizzie said.
“It gives you answers, when all hope is lost?” he responded, “But be warned its magic is overpowering, and the lust for knowledge can be quite intoxicating. If used too much, it can have serious consequences. It is to be used only in extreme circumstances and even then it cannot guarantee that you will understand. These however are to be used at all times,” he said, offering them both large hooded cloaks. 
Lucas ran his fingers through the dark green fabric and was surprised to find it felt like silk. It had looked so heavy. Leviro smiled at his response.
“These,” he started were made in the time of the dragons and, crafted from Dragons breath itself. Each cloak has the appearance of a heavy woollen garment but is really as light as air and offers the wearer protection from any weather, be it cold or hot and will withstand and weapon, including dragon fire.”
“They’re cool,” Lucas said, standing up and swinging the cloak around his shoulders. “They don’t make us invisible do they?” 
Leviro laughed. “I am glad you like them and no unfortunately they do not make you invisible but I have one more gift for you,” he said rising and joining Lucas where he stood. 
He then took the last item from the table and held it out.
It was a long silver sword.
Lucas didn’t know what to say. He looked over at Lizzie who was still seated and saw a flicker of hurt cross her face that she too hadn’t been given such a spectacular gift, but what was he supposed to do. Should he refuse? As if sensing his thoughts Lizzie smiled. “It’s perfect Luke,” she said, standing and moving over to rest her hand on his arm. “Just what a hero needs.”
He laughed relaxing again, and pulled the sword from its sheaf, admiring its beauty. “And now,” Leviro said, “We have much to arrange.”
He turned to Lizzie and smiled as Lucas re-sheathed his sword. 
“Come my child,” he said. “You don’t think I would have forgotten about you, do you; of course not. But first there is one more test that you must pass.”
Parting Gifts
Lizzie smiled hardly recognising the girl staring back at her in the reflection. She knew she was still in there: she could feel her, that timid little girl who doubted herself so much; that let her fear control her, but not anymore. Now there was something else.
The long journey and the weeks of training had made her stronger somehow more confident, and today was the day she was going to prove it.
Prove it to the world but more importantly prove it to herself.
“This is it,” she said aloud, dragging her hair back into a sharp ponytail and flexing her hands as she pulled her gloves on tightly. “Just breathe.”
He was waiting for her; as she knew he would be; as he did every morning but already she could feel the tension in the air; the buzz of electricity that coursed through her veins as the world around her blurred, and she entered the grounds and stood before him for the last time. Their eyes met for the briefest flicker, and then as one they pulled their helmets over their faces. 
This time it was for real. This time there would be no backing down. 
Neither stood on formality, and after a quick short bow the fight began, as both opponents circled each other, swords drawn. With the first ringing clash of metal, her instincts took over, her movements becoming quick and agile; her muscles easing into a familiar rhythm.
She could do this she thought. It wasn’t about strength or power. It was about out thinking your opponent; about watching them; about finding their weakness. 
Her resolve was set. She could do this.
She attacked once more matching him strike for strike, their blows becoming increasingly harder until she mis-timed her footing and letting her guard down left herself vulnerable to his attack. She knew it the moment it happened and knowing she would be unable to block his strike, scrambled sideways out of his reach. 
But she was seconds too slow, and he caught her with a juddering blow across her back, driving her to the ground and forcing the air from her lungs. She felt the panic rising as for the briefest of seconds she was dazed unable to see him, but knowing that he was behind her. She heard the whistling of his sword, and rolled instinctively sideways, the swishing sound echoing in her ears, missing her by inches as she jumped once again to her feet and circled to face her attacker; anger now rising deep from inside her.
She struck back defiantly fending him off, and the dance began once more, the adrenaline pumping through her body, fuelling the anger she felt, and with every blow she felt stronger and stronger, the ache in her back only making her more determined. 
She would not accept defeat. Not this time. 
But slowly as the fight wore on she could feel her body tiring, her muscles straining. She wasn’t sure just how much more she could take as her movements became slower. 
He sensed her weakening and drew himself up for one final attack, circling smoothly he spun his sword ready to finish her, but this was what Lizzie had been waiting for. She knew it was coming all along. He thought he’d won and with an arrogance that would be his downfall he overstepped his swing in his eagerness to strike her, but she was ready for him. Her heart pounding she watched his step, the angle of his swing, the movement of his body, just like she had so many other times, but now it felt like time had been frozen, that she was watching it happen in slow motion, and she ducked. The blow missed her as she turned under it, switching her blade to her other hand and stepping into her opponents range as he sailed past her unable to stop his momentum. She used his own weight against him now as he tried to turn, but she was quicker; striking him hard across the side of his head with the hilt of her sword she sent his helmet flying to the ground, and with the continued movement swept his feet out from underneath him, sending him crashing to the earth, her black boot pinning his chest to the floor, her sword pointing at his throat.
Neither dared move until as her breathing steadied she pulled the helmet from her head throwing it to the floor, the sweat streaming down her face, and stared not sure who was more shocked; herself or the boy laying defeated in the dust at her feet. 
Lizzie stepped back releasing her sword, unable to believe she had won. Her heart thundered in her chest, the blood rushing through her ears deafening her, until after a deep breath she realised it wasn’t that at all, it was the sound of loud cheering ringing through the air. 
She turned in disbelief and for the first time noticed the entire training ground was circled with crowds of people and there in the middle stood Lucas a huge grin across his face. 
She’d won. She’d really won.
She turned back and saw Tae gracefully getting to his feet, brushing the dust from his clothes as he moved towards her, a small trickle of blood dripping from a cut at the side of his eye. 
The crowd quietened in anticipation, and Lizzie felt the nerves in her stomach tighten. Now what would he do she thought anxiously.
“Well met my Lady,” he said bowing, a smile starting to spread across his face, and catching Lizzie off guard.
She bowed back awkwardly as the crowd erupted into applause again, and for the first time ever she heard him laugh, as shaking his head he took her hand.
“Beaten by girl,” he said, looking around. “You do realise that I’m never going to live this down.”

******
Alone once more in her room Lizzie fidgeted nervously with the dress they had lain out for her, for this evening’s feast. It was glorious in a deep green silk, and she couldn’t resist running her hands through the heavy layers of folded fabric as she sat on her bed daydreaming. The mornings fight was still a blur, and she was still in denial that she had won, but she knew in her heart that it was real, she could feel it. 
The warmth and clarity that she had done it made her skin tingle, and she could still hear the loud, bright laugh that Tae had shown in defeat clearly in her head. It was strange how one moment could change your whole view of someone. She had always thought of him as so serious and solemn but in that one act of gracious humility she had seen something else; something that she would miss. She didn’t quite understand it yet, but she realised that over the weeks they had been together she had actually started to like him. 
She wasn’t sure why, he was still cold and distant but below the surface there had been a flickering of emotion; of friendship; of respect and today in that one brief moment that they had shared, she had  seen a glimpse of it and was now going to having to leave. She was going to miss her training with him, and now she knew why. He always managed to make her feel alive. Like she could withstand anything, and she loved how this made her feel; like she was stronger. No more the timid little girl who was afraid. He made her feel like she was more than just Lizzie, like she had finally found herself. 
And now she’d found it she was reluctant to let it go.
A loud knock at the door, interrupted her thoughts, making her jump, and she turned to find Leviro standing in her doorway.
“May I?” he asked, and as she nodded he entered the room moving to sit slowly on the plush sofa across the room from her. “Congratulations on your win this morning,” he said patting the seat beside him.
Lizzie jumped down from the bed and sat carefully beside the old man.
“Thanks,” she answered, still unsure, “But I’m convinced Tae let me win on purpose.”
The old man chuckled and took her hand very gently.
“Tae would not suffer a bruised ego quite so lightly,” he said, “And I can assure you he would never accept defeat on purpose. Not even for you.”
Lizzie smiled awkwardly feeling a bit embarrassed that she would have questioned him, knowing full well what the old man said was true.
“Besides,” Leviro continued. “Tae, for all his faults, is an honourable young man and he learnt a lesson himself today. Never under-estimate your opponent.”	
He patted her knee softly and smiled as she looked up at him unsure what to say, and the pair lapsed into silence.
“Shall I tell you why you won today?” he asked after a short while, and Lizzie shrugged. “You won today, not only because you worked hard but because you believed in yourself. You trusted your instincts, and you followed them. Not many people still do,” he squeezed her hand gently. “Your journey will be long and hard, of that I am sure,” he continued, “But I truly believe that if you keep that trust in yourself, that belief, then you will accomplish anything you set your mind to.”
“I don’t think…” she began, looking down.
“You can,” the old man interrupted, lifting her chin, so her eyes were looking at him. “Never let anyone take that away from you.” 
Lizzie suddenly felt an overwhelming desire to cry and was relieved when Leviro pulled her close hugging her tightly to his chest. There was something so familiar, so safe about him, and she clung to him, breathing in the strong woody scent of his robes. He held her a while longer and then pulled back gently brushing the hair from her face and reaching inside his robes withdrew a large parcel wrapped in swathes of dark crimson fabric. 
“I have something for you,” he said, offering her the gift.
“I don’t need anything else,” she rushed.
“Please, humour an old man,” he asked, resting the gift on her lap. 
Lizzie brushed the lustrous folds of the fabric and then gently un-wrapped them to reveal a long silver sword lying beneath the silk. Lizzie inhaled deeply and lifted the sword, holding it up to the light, and she saw that its hilt was encrusted with deep green gems that matched the colour of the dress lying across her bed. 
“It’s beautiful,” she admired, drawing the blade free from its scabbard; liking the way it felt in her hand, “And so light.” 
“That is part of its charm,” Leviro stated smiling. “It was forged beneath this very castle within the well of fire and has been handed down from generation to generation for centuries now.”
“I couldn’t take it,” Lizzie interrupted, returning the sword to the safety of its bindings and holding it back out to Leviro. 
“It is yours,” he answered, wrapping his hands over hers and gently pushing the sword towards her. “Its magic has been lost for many years now but I can feel that it belongs to you. As long as you believe in yourself, its magic will protect you.”

******
Lizzie had felt uncertain when Leviro had first given her the sword but now as it hung at her waist she was positive somehow that it belonged to her. It just felt right. 
She breathed deeply admiring the sword one last time and then pulled the thick woollen traveling cloak over her shoulders and glanced once more around her room that she would be leaving today. It was strange that she felt so at home here, like she belonged, and now she had to leave. 
She was going to miss it and all the people she had come to care about so much. 
She thought back to the feast last night. It had been wonderful.
A celebration full of new hope and new beginnings, of friendships and trust and even Tae had been less solemn than usual as if a great burden had been lifted from him. But somehow Lizzie hadn’t been able to shake that subdued feeling that she was leaving tomorrow, and so it had been with a heavy heart that she had risen on her last morning in the castle. 
And now with all her preparations complete she was about to leave, but still she couldn’t shake that tugging ache in her chest.
She sighed again and was about to leave when something glittering on her dressing table caught her eye. Slightly off guard Lizzie was drawn to her dresser and there lying amongst her things was her silver dragon brooch. She felt another pull at her chest, but this time it was for all the memories it reminded her of. She gently picked it up cradling it in the palm of her hand, enjoying the feel of the cool metal; a radiating energy pulsating through her fingers and filling her with hope. She sat before the mirror and pulled her cloak across her neck, fastening it with the silver brooch, liking how it glittered in the flickering light. She smiled briefly to herself and pulled her hood up, casting her face into shadow, and then stood ready to embrace her future.

******
She traveled silently through the castle, like the whisper of a ghost, until as she finally reached the lower levels a soft voice called out to her causing her to jump, and as she turned found Tae waiting for her beneath the arch leading down to the cavern.
“Hey,” she said cheerfully, pulling off her hood. “I didn’t think I was going to get a chance to say goodbye.”
His face darkened at her words; the air tense around them as she joined him.
“I have something for you,” he suddenly said, quietly stepping closer to her and handing her a small velvet bag.
She opened it, unwilling to catch his eye and carefully shook a delicate silver necklace into her hand. She looked up at him, the shock clear on her face and held up the necklace to see a small angel glistening in the candlelight. 
“It is to protect you,” Tae said solemnly. “The charm was crafted with great magic. You should wear it always.”
“Tae, it’s… it’s… I can’t accept this,” she stuttered.
“It is a fair reward for one who can beat me so splendidly,” he smiled. 
Lizzie laughed the awkwardness lifting.
“Here,” he said taking the necklace from her, and moved in closer to secure the chain around her neck. He never stepped back as they stood staring at each other. 
“I would come with you,” he said quietly. “You know that don’t you?”
“I know,” Lizzie answered, “But that just makes it harder to leave.”

******
The air grew steadily colder as they descended the stairs and with Tae at her side, entered the cavern to find Lucas and Leviro waiting for them. She saw the briefest flicker of doubt cross Lucas’ face as he glanced up to watch them enter, and she was suddenly filled with an uncontrollable feeling of guilt, that she was somehow betraying Lucas by being with Tae. 
Why were boys so stupid she thought? She’d never understand them.
The Fountain of Light stood behind them as spectacular as it had been the first time she had seen it and Lizzie marvelled once again at the fact that it could be it two places at the same time. 
As they approached Lucas shook Leviro’s hand and then mounted his horse, swinging himself gracefully into the saddle and taking the packs Leviro handed up to him.
“Are you ready my child?” Leviro asked, turning to Lizzie.
“As ready as I’m ever going to be,” she managed as the old man hugged her fiercely. 
“Be careful,” he whispered, kissing her gently on the head, whilst Lizzie fought down the urge to cling onto him forever.
He released her, and she mounted the large white horse next to Lucas.
Lucas smiled as she was seated and handed her one of the packs.
“You ready?” he asked.
She looked around and smiled at the people she was leaving behind, her heart aching once more and then turned to Lucas nodding.
He smiled at her again reassuringly this time, and then gently reached over placing his hand over hers as she held the reins.
“Just in case,” he whispered, linking his fingers into hers and squeezing them gently.
Then as one, they nudged their horse on, and both stepped once more into the light.







Part Two
Silvertale

The Castle of Blood
The dull ring of crunching stones, under Malaeck’s heavy boots echoed loudly as he strode purposefully into Castle Morlock. It was weeks now since the warning alarms had sounded, and he knew someone had come through the border; he could feel the magic. 
It was like a slow pounding through his veins making him feel vulnerable for the first time in forever, and he hated how this felt. 
Hated the doubt, hated the weakness but most of all he hated the loss of power. 
They had been so close in Beauview. How had he missed them? 
It must have been a matter of days but now the trail had gone cold. They had vanished. Was it possible they had returned through the borders? 
No, he could still feel them; they were still here.
The doors to the great hall were open as he approached, but he wasn’t ready for that yet. There was something he had to do, something he had to check. 
Passing swiftly, ignoring the hushed voices from within he descended the spiral stone staircase to the lower levels of the castle, the crisp chill welcoming after his hard ride through the blistering heat, burning candles lighting his way as his eyes adjusted to the gloom. But Malaeck never noticed the change in light; he could have made his way in total darkness if need be, the familiar stone passages leading his way as it had so many times before. As he approached the end of the passage he felt the change in the air though, the piercing icy cold penetrating through an ancient wooden door, chilling him to the bone, and he shuddered as he pulled it open and entered.
 “Welcome back Master,” a harsh voice greeted him. “We have been expecting you.”
Malaeck peered into the gloom unable to see the speaker in the small dingy cell into which he had stepped and then out of the shadows appeared an old lady, her long black hair matted and tangled; her face as white as freshly fallen snow. She bowed low and as she approached began to mumble beneath her breath, an incoherent chant that she accompanied with small hand gestures which filled the room with tiny flickers of electric magic. Within seconds, the cell was awash with an insipid eerie glow radiating from a large stone pool that stood between them on a raised platform in the centre of the room. Malaeck moved closer, climbing the steps until he stood opposite her at the edge of the intricately carved pool.
“How did we lose them?” he asked, mesmerised by the shimmering water that moved restlessly below him. 
“We are unsure, Master,” she replied, her hands still moving in long swift sweeps across the pool, the water flowing and changing direction with her motions as she stared intently into its midst. “They have vanished. A great magic is protecting them and even I am at a loss to see them.”
“Summon the soul,” he demanded, looking into the old ladies eyes. “Show me.” 
"As you wish, Master,” she responded, closing her eyes and beginning to chant once more.
Malaeck watched as her movements became more animated, the water below moving swiftly now until he became aware of shapes running through the ripples, knowing already that there were thousands of them, clawing and dragging themselves to the surface. Then with a final gesture the old ladies eyes shot open, the room suddenly filled with silence. There in front of him now stood the image of a man suspended above the clear pool, his transparent body flickering in the murky light, his eyes gleaming a sinister red.
“Tell me what you know,” Malaeck ordered.
“Yes, My Lord,” the ghostly figure answered, his voice rasping and distant as he bowed low and began to speak again.

******
As Malaeck left the cell heading towards his chambers, there was still one thing that bothered him.
Where were they? Why had they just vanished?
He had listened closely to the Souls account in Beauview, but there was nothing much he didn’t already know. They had failed in crushing the village because of chance, because of weakness, because of a lack of control, but they had been so close, and now it made him even more apprehensive to capture whoever it was that was disrupting his plans. 
He would not fail again; he would make sure of it. 
But still the incessant nagging at the back of his mind would not leave, and he felt the raw power of his anger slowly creeping up on him, washing away all reason and filling him with a rage that threatened to swallow him. 
His breathing shallow he finally reached his room and stepped quickly through it and out onto the stone balcony at the far side. The smell of burning, rotting decay assaulted his nostrils as he did so, the acrid stench overpowering as he stared out into the distance. 
All around stood the ravages of destruction, a land desolate of living creatures or plants, a place where hate fuelled all life and survival of the strongest was a daily struggle. He had lived here his whole life, had seen the destruction of this once beautiful land had yearned for it to be saved but not any longer, now he felt nothing but the overwhelming desire to hurt and destroy all who stood before him. Welcomed the darkness that took him away and as he stood watching the new slaves being driven into the lower pits like cattle, their last view of the outside world that of the river of blood draining from the grates into the moat, he felt no pity for them, no remorse; only more rage and disgust. He would make them pay for their betrayal, he would make them suffer. His last thought brought a small smile to his face welcoming the pleasure that he would gain from his actions, and he felt the magic rising again, as it always did in times of pain, creeping up on him until there was nothing of him left; just the aching numbness that he never wanted to escape. 
“Welcome home, My Lord,” a voice interrupted his thoughts and he turned to find his servant, Hemlock standing within his chamber waiting for him. “Your presence is requested in the Great Hall, Sire.”
Malaeck breathed deeply once more, his hand straying down to the red silk ribbon still tied at his waist and the darkness began to retreat, the rage chased away like a fleeing animal, and he re-entered his chamber, moving towards the basin of fresh water that waited for him on the side.
“I will be along shortly,” he answered, removing his cloak and splashing the soothing water onto his burning skin.
“I think it would be prudent not to keep him waiting,” the servant remarked.
“Do not dare to summon me,” Malaeck yelled, lashing out at the bowl, and sending is smashing across the room to where Hemlock still stood.
“As you wish, My Lord,” Hemlock bowed, retreating from the room, leaving Malaeck alone once more.
How dare he be summoned like that, Malaeck thought, his fingers digging into the wooden counter, his knuckles white as they began to shake, his breathing quickening through clenched teeth. He glanced up, catching his reflection in the ornate mirror hanging over where the basin had stood, hardly recognising the harsh face staring back at him from cold glaring eyes, and he was filled with an overwhelming hatred once more. He let his hand run across the hard set of his chin, tracing his fingers along the deep, jagged scar which ran from his jaw line, the length of his face up to his cheekbone. A constant reminder of who he had become, as unconsciously his hand strayed once more to the red silk ribbon at his waist. 
He felt the change instantly, a slight flicker as he saw beneath the surface of the lies etched into his hardened face, and a loud sigh caught in his throat as he turned away unable to look at himself any longer.  But he never let go of the ribbon, its smooth silky surface calming him until the anger passed, feeling its softness against his skin as he changed clothes and re-tied it safely at his belt where it always hung. He didn’t understand his desire or his need to keep it safe, only that it was the one thing that kept his head above the water. That kept the crushing weight of the anger and hatred from drowning him completely, and it was in these moments of clarity that he finally felt free and was truly at peace with himself. 
But with this feeling of truth came fear.
A fear that he desperately tried to hide from, would try to bury deep inside him and longed to be free of. He would take the anger and the pain and the torture as long as he did not have to feel that fear.  He looked down at where the ribbon now hung the tiniest bit visible beneath his shirt and wished he could be rid of it. It would be so easy to let go, to rip away the one thing that kept him afloat. To finally let the madness take complete hold, but there was something deep inside him that would not let him, a piece of him that still clung to that hope and would fight every second to keep it. 
Malaeck stood, rising from the chair that he was sitting in, his nerves now calmed and made towards the door. 
He was ready. 
Ready to face what he had been putting off since he had first entered the castle!

******
The Great Hall was dark as Malaeck stepped inside; the high windows covered with heavy folds of thick fabric; the flickering flames of a dying fire casting shadows across the marble floor as his boots purposefully struck the stones.
“So, you finally decided to grace us with your presence, did you,” a cold, unfriendly voice asked from deep within the shadows.
“My Lord,” Malaeck replied, reaching the fireside and kneeling before a large oversized chair, “I was making sure…”
“Making sure,” the voice mocked, from the dark confines of the chair, “Making sure,” it repeated to itself, beginning to laugh, as sitting forwards into the light appeared a tall, wiry man, his face gaunt and hard, his eyes filled with madness.
He held his hand out gently stroking the top of Malaeck’s long dark hair.
“What am I to do with you?” he asked, rising and approaching the fire.
“I will find them My Lord…” Malaeck started, standing to face the older man.
“I don’t remember giving you permission to speak,” the man glared, striking Malaeck hard across the face, the blow quick and sharp, driving him back to his knees. “Have I taught you nothing,” he yelled. “You have failed me too many times boy.” 
Too afraid to answer Malaeck knelt, his eyes cast downwards to the floor, all calmness gone as the anger swelled inside him. His blood boiled like a volcano waiting to erupt, but he remained silent listening to the grating voice berating him as its speaker poured himself a large drink into a round crystal glass and then lounged back into his seat.
“Should I find someone else seeing as you are so incapable,” the voice continued. “Someone who would not dare to fail me.” 
He paused and took a long slow sip from his glass.
“I want them found. Do you understand me,” he said, sitting forward once more. “Answer me,” he shouted, throwing his drink into Malaeck’s face.
“Yes Father,” Malaeck answered, looking up into the hateful face that sat glaring at him “I understand.”
He moved to stand and felt the sharp cold steel of a sword pressing at his neck and he hesitated.
“Be ready to leave,” his father spat, removing the sword as a drop of blood fell to the ground, “And Malaeck, no more mistakes.”
Malaeck stood, striding from the room in silence, his earlier composure gone; his hatred pouring from him in waves. His mind was a blank shell; his fingers frantically stroking at the piece of ribbon; that was his saviour, but he was too far gone already. Without realising he found himself on the stairway down to the dungeons, the piercing screams welcoming as he descended further into the maze of tunnels that would lead him to his sanctuary. 
He entered cautiously, closing his eyes and savouring the anticipation that he felt, listening to the long drawn out cries of pain and suffering and then releasing his grip on the thin silk ribbon he let the wave of red mist wash over him, dragging him under. 
A smile appeared across his scarred face, as he slowly closed the door behind him. 
He was home.
The Dark Wood
It felt like forever since Lizzie had stretched her legs; the muscles cramped from endless days of riding. She didn’t really known what to expect after leaving the castle, but the reality was a bit of anti-climax if she was honest with herself. She had thought it would be a great adventure, but instead it had just been days and days of trekking through the wilderness, much like before they had entered Castle Valista, but at least they hadn’t been in danger. Yet.
She looked over at Lucas riding beside her, his face serious, staring at the map in his hands, and she smiled to herself.
It was funny how much her opinion of Lucas had changed over the past few months. She had always thought of him as confident, arrogant almost, self-assured in his designer clothes and with his model good looks and sometimes he was but then out of the blue he would surprise her. It would be something small, like the way he messed with his hair when he was concentrating or the way he said something or a simple gesture and it was in these moments that she saw the boy behind the mask. The sweet unsure, nervous boy who made her heart flutter for reasons she still didn’t fully understand. 
It wasn’t like with Tae. 
Tae was her friend, he made her feel strong and in control, gave her power to be who she was but Lucas made her feel safe. Like she had finally found someone she could trust, and who would be there for her no matter what. She liked how that felt. 
“Lizzie, are you listening to me?”
Lizzie jumped realising she was still staring at him daydreaming.
She blushed, feeling the pink spreading to her cheeks, and turned away quickly.
“Yeah,” she muttered, “I was just wondering how much longer before we get somewhere?”
“Oh, in about ten seconds,” he answered smugly as they turned a corner in the track to find themselves only a few feet away from a large rushing river.
They approached carefully; fear spreading across Lizzie’s chest, her breathing becoming shallow until they neared the bank, and the horses bent their heads to drink from the cool fresh water.
“It seems okay,” Lucas said, jumping down and laying flat on his stomach to splash the refreshing water over his face and neck, but Lizzie didn’t move. 
“Do we have to cross that?” she asked, her voice sounding high.
“Yeah,” Lucas answered, standing back up, “But we may as well eat first and rest. It’s going to be a hard swim for the horses, it’s quite wide.”
Lizzie clambered down from her horse and sat down opposite Lucas.
“Is there no other way?” 
“Lizzie what is it with you and water?” Lucas asked, seeing the panic on her face, but she just shook her head shrugging. “I get it that you can’t swim, but the horse can just carry you.” She stared at him for a few seconds but didn’t answer. “Or is there something else?”
She looked down unable to keep his gaze and then answered in a whisper.
“My Dad drowned when I was little. I’ve never been in the water since. Well, not until now and look how well that’s going.”
“Lizzie, I’m so sorry,” Lucas blurted out. “I didn’t… I would never have…”
“I know,” she said, looking up at him, “I don’t really remember much.”
“You were with him?”
“Yeah, he’d taken me fishing… We used to go all the time. He loved the water. There was a storm, and we fell in. I remember him holding me and feeling so safe and then he was gone.”
“Lizzie, I’m…”
“I know you are,” she stopped him.
They were quiet after that, eating their lunch in silence as Lucas once again pulled his map out, studying it intensely until finally he spoke.
“There’s another way. We just have to follow the river until we find a bridge. It’ll only put a few hours on our journey.”
Lizzie looked up as Lucas began to pack up, her heart feeling like it was about to explode.
“Thank you,” she said as she got to her feet and began to help.

******
They’d been following the river for almost an hour, the tree line on the opposite side of the river becoming thicker and thicker, when they came across the bridge, its gnarled ancient wooden planks made of fallen tree trunks, spanning across the river and disappearing through an opening in the trees. Lucas checked his map again, scanning the opposite side of the river for any other crossings, but there were none, the trees along the bank growing so close to the water, their branches entwined and twisted like limbs, creating an impenetrable wall which disappeared in both directions, leaving the only way to pass through the ominous black archway ahead of them.
“Looks like this is it,” Lucas said, walking his horse onto the bridge, “Sure you don’t want to risk the river?”
Lizzie didn’t answer but followed Lucas across until they were both standing on the opposite side beneath the archway.
“Wow,” Lucas said as they both looked up marvelling at the intricate details of the arch above them. 
It looked as if it had been woven from the trees, the branches like living breathing creatures lacing themselves together to create a way through and which would close once more behind them as they passed. Beyond they could see a pathway leading into the distance before vanishing amidst the shadows, a glittering of light tempting them at the far end. Lizzie breathed deeply, staring ahead. There was something creepy about the entrance, but at the same time she felt no fear, like they were in no danger. 
She turned to Lucas who smiled reassuringly, and they moved forward stepping through into the darkness. 
The silence was deafening as they entered, the noises swallowed by the vast towering trees like the jaws of an angry beast waiting to devour them, and they found themselves on a narrow walkway beneath a canopy of leaves leading to the glowing ball of light at the end of the shadows.
They rode on in silence, both scanning the tree lines either side for movement, but there was none, and they soon broke free of the path to find themselves in a large clearing. 
“It seems safe enough,” Lucas said, guiding his horse further into the open space and spotting a wooden sign buried behind a thick layer of foliage.
“Yeah right, I’m still recovering from the last forest you took me into,” she whispered, nervously scanning the trees around them.
Lucas dismounted and approached the wooden sign, using his sword to cut away the vines covering it.
“Well, I guess you’re in luck then,” he answered.
Lizzie dismounted and joined him.
“HINSHEL WOOD,” she read aloud looking at him. “That doesn’t count.”
“Yes it does,” he grinned. “See it clearly says wood.”
“So what’s the difference between a forest and a wood then?” she asked sarcastically, climbing back onto her horse.
“I don’t know,” he answered, re-mounting his own horse. “Maybe it has to do with how many trees there are in it.”
“How many trees?” she repeated laughing. “You’re not funny.”
But as their laughter faded, swallowed once more by the deafening silence her apprehension grew until she became more and more on edge, the feeling of being watched pressing down on her. She peered constantly into the gloom either side of the track unable to suppress the images of large beasts stalking them through the undergrowth.
But there was nothing there. 
Not a flicker; not a sound; just an ominous silence as they continued to ride further into the dense wood, the light above them sinking lower into the sky.
And then she realised what it was that was bothering her. There really was nothing. No animals; no birds, no movement, no sounds, just the steady rhythm of their horse’s hooves striking the path below them. 
Lizzie shuddered, even in the Grindal’s forest there had been noises, but here it felt like a deathly hush had fallen over the wood and nothing dared to break it. 
Like something was waiting for them.
“It’s going to get dark soon,” Lucas said, breaking the silence and making her jump.
“Is it me or is this place freaking you out?” she asked in response.
“It does feel kind of weird as if someone were watching and just waiting.”
“I know there’s just something,” she paused, looking around. “Do you hear that?”
“Yeah, it’s my stomach,” Lucas remarked trying to ease the tension. “I’m starving.”
“I’m serious, Luke,” she said, the horse below her starting to paw the ground nervously. “Look even the horses are on edge.” 
“Maybe you’re right,” he answered, his horse beginning to pull at its reins, “Come on we need to find somewhere safe to camp.”
“Yeah, somewhere safe, where have I heard that before,” she retorted as she started after him into the lengthening shadows.

******
Not many people came down this far into the pits of the castle but when Hemlock had reassured him that he would want to see this, Lord Velos had descended into the depths with a sense of comfort, that he found welcoming; the smell of death and torture filling him with desires that even now he still needed to fulfil.
“We have found them my Lord,” Hemlock greeted him as he entered the chamber.
He watched as his servant took an ancient looking wooden chest from the shadows and placed it on the table among the vials and potions that rested there.
Lord Velos smiled, his hands gently stroking the details in the carved wood, tracing the lines down to the lock which he opened and then lifted the lid and retrieved the silvery shimmering orb that lay nestled inside. He held the crystal glass up to the candlelight and could see the perfect miniature woods frozen within. He watched with mild amusement as two riders rode into view and then he gave a loud nasally snort.
“They’re just children,” he mocked, beginning to laugh, “This is what Malaeck has had so much trouble catching?” 
“Yes My Lord,” Hemlock answered, bowing low at his side, “But The Guardians have not attacked. Should I send for Malaeck?”
Velos stopped laughing
“No. Let’s leave him out of this,” he answered, grinning at his servant. “First we’ll see how well they cope with this,” he stated, fiercely shaking the orb which was now clasped tightly in his fist.
He raised it once more holding it back up to the light and watched as the image filled with swirling clouds of colour.
Escape from the Storm
“Can you hear that,” Lizzie asked in hushed tones, pulling her horse to a halt, the animal skittishly dancing beneath her.
“Yeah,” Lucas replied, turning his horse around and stopping just in front of her. “I think it’s just the wind, it’s getting kind of strong.”
He reached out soothing Lizzie’s horse as they both sat frozen for a moment, the air around them static with expectant anticipation as they listened to the wind whistling through the trees and then with a sudden strong gust something landed on Lizzie’s head. A small startled squeal escaped from her lips, her hands flying upwards, automatically tearing at her hair until she finally pulled it free. She looked down to see a large orange leaf clasped in her fingers. 
“Ok, that seriously scared the life out of me,” she gasped breathlessly, feeling really stupid.
“I think this wood has got us all spooked,” Lucas answered, nervously glancing around “We should keep moving.”
Lizzie nodded; her breathing steadying as she released the orange leaf fluttering in her fingertips and watched as it was once more swept away on the breeze, spiralling upwards into the air and disappearing.
She breathed deep, closing her eyes, trying to shake the feeling of dread she felt, whilst once again taking hold of the reins.
“Lizzie,” Lucas’ anxious voice whispered, making her open her eyes.
She looked up, following his gaze, her heart skipping a beat, as high above them more and more shapes began to fall. Slowly to start with, like the first drops of rain and then steadily getting heavier and heavier until they were standing beneath a rainstorm of leaves; the wind around them becoming stronger with each passing moment; rising out of nowhere until they were surrounded by a kaleidoscope of colours that threatened to sweep them away. 
She glanced back down to meet Lucas’ worried expression, fear flooding over her as the expectant threat finally arrived, and as if sensing its riders panic, Lizzie’s horse suddenly reared up, madly tossing its head and then bolted, charging away down the track, Lizzie desperately trying to stay in her saddle; her sweaty hands struggling to keep a tight grip of the reins, but there was nothing slowing the frantic beast. 
It raced onwards as the leaves swarmed around her, following her flight through the trees; branches clawing at her like monstrous arms intent on catching their prey; the wind pulling and tearing at her clothes and hair as the horse staggered against its deadly assault. She hunched lower suddenly fearful that she would be ripped free from her seat, pressing herself against the horses powerful neck, the muscles taut beneath her cheek. Quickly she risked a glance behind her praying that Lucas had given chase, but there was no sign of him and as she turned back, her anxiety growing, she strained her eyes, searching for the path ahead, but it was lost amidst the blur of colour surrounding her; the trees rushing past either side as the storm grew in intensity; the wind howling in anger as she continued to escape it, but then a brief flicker of movement caught her eye. 
Turning again she peered into the darkness, a sudden chill washing over her as she caught sight of several pairs of eyes tracking her through the undergrowth. She hastily checked the other side and was horrified to see more of them, their piercing green stares watching her intently, as they raced along beside her. 
Lizzie closed her eyes burying her face into the thick soft mane, the horse’s heartbeat pounding in her ears as she breathed in its warm earthy scent and as the smell flooded her senses, she was suddenly reminded of Beauview. 
What was it Amellia had said.
The anticipation of fear is often worse than fear itself. Fear you can confront while the not knowing will hold you prisoner and render you helpless. Lizzie smiled opening her eyes once again and stared back at the bright shining eyes.  She was done being helpless. She had spent all afternoon feeling scared, in fear of being watched, and she now felt strangely relieved that she had been right all along and wasn’t going mad. There was something in the woods, but she wouldn’t hide from it, she would face it head on. 
Well, she would if she could ever get her horse to stop. 
She pulled hard on the reins trying to slow the charging animal, but it did nothing as the horse reached a small brook and leaped across it in one smooth movement. She hung on tightly as the horse landed cleanly; the jolt knocking her left foot free from its stirrup and as the pathway narrowed she could feel herself beginning to slip free from the running horse.  
She clung on, her breathing coming in short sharp bursts, as the steady fall of leaves continued to swirl around her in thick, dense clouds of colours until a sudden noise tore through the air, as all around her the woodland floor erupted into chaos. Suddenly sensing the madness ahead the horse changed direction, leaving the path in front and disappearing into the thick undergrowth, weaving its way in and out of the trees, trying not to hit them.
Lizzie felt the terror rise in her chest, the fear crushing her lungs, as through the gaps in the branches she watched the leaves coming to life as they dragged themselves upright; a dry scratching sound rustling through the mayhem as they began to take on shape and as the horse broke free of the trees, finding the path once more she realised that they had taken on the form of a large feral bird that was now behind them. She turned in panic staring at the terrifying creature rising into the air, a dry scrunching sound haunting her as it moved, the coloured leaves creating a solid entity that filled her with a dread she could not control. 
Was this what had been watching her?
Was this how it ended?
So much for facing her fears she thought, transfixed by its movement as it grew closer and closer quickly gaining on the running horse, realising only too late that she had slipped even further from her saddle.
She felt herself falling before she registered what had happened, the ground coming up to meet her as she slammed into it, crushing the breath from her body as her horse continued to run on ahead. She turned, dazed from the fall to see the bird drawing closer. It was almost on her now.  She could see the red gleam glowing in its eyes; could feel the strong gust of its wings; could smell its musty ancient odour filling her nostrils.
She held out her hand to defend herself, trying desperately to get to her feet but just as it reached her, a high shriek bursting from its beak, she saw movement in the trees beside her, a green glow flitting in and out of the darkness and her heart sank. 
It was over. There was no escape. 

******
Velos’ eyes narrowed as he watched the scene before him, the swirling images held captive within the shimmering crystal orb filling him with a rush of excitement he had not felt in a long time. He could hear the low chanting hum of magic around him, could see the shadows of Hemlock’s hands as he summoned the souls, his movements smooth and swift, the power flowing through him as he controlled the dead, bringing them to life once more, but Velos could not take his eyes from the flickering pictures. 
He could feel the girls life in his hands now, could taste her death creeping over his skin, the sweet thrill of her defeat rushing over him and he breathed deeply as he watched the soul move in for the kill. 
A sudden intake of breath caused him to shudder as beside him he felt Hemlock go rigid, the wizard’s hands hesitating as a sudden surge of energy washed over them and then a smug grin crept onto Velos’ features, his eyes lighting up with excitement.
“The Guardians,” he hissed.

******
Lizzie’s breath froze on her lips, the colour draining from her face as she watched helplessly, waiting for the attack. But just as the bird swooped lower, its sharp claws ready to rip her apart, a dark figure leapt from the trees, a low guttural cry breaking from its lips, catching the bird in mid flight and dragging it to the floor in one swift movement as they were lost in a cloud of colours. She heard the sounds of a struggle but was unable to see the fighting creatures amidst the chaos around her, the frenzied sounds drowning out the noise of the storm and pinning her to the spot in terror. 
A sudden movement made her jump and while she tried desperately to get to her feet a wave of relief washed over her as Lucas’ horse stopped abruptly beside her.
“Quick,” he yelled, reaching down towards her. 
Without hesitating Lizzie grabbed his hand, letting him easily pull her into the saddle behind him, wrapping her arms tightly around his waist and pressing her cheek into his back as he spurred the horse, and they took off once more through the trees.
She could feel his heart pounding in his chest as they raced on, her head spinning from the fall.  She peered around him, grateful that he was there and was greeted by the sight of several more leaf birds taking to the air just ahead. Her breath caught in her throat, her grip tightening as the creatures headed straight towards them, their shrill cries of excitement filling the air with terror as they prepared to strike but once again just as they drew close, they were torn from the sky by an unseen attacker and dragged screaming to the floor. 
Lizzie looked around desperately seeking their protector and was startled to see a monstrous creature appearing through the trees and keep pace beside them. It looked like a large grotesque wolf, the size of a fully grown lion, its fur matted and thick, its long snout pulled back revealing rows of razor sharp teeth as its giant paws padded soundlessly on the path beside them. She stared harder, unable to tear her eyes away from the incredible beast when she realised that she could see straight through it; its body made of twigs and roots compacted together with earth to give it shape; its fur made from clumps of dirty moss hanging like torn flesh; its claws and teeth of sharpened stones. Mesmerised by its movement Lizzie forgot to be scared and then as if sensing her stare the creature turned to look straight at her. 
They observed each other for a brief moment and then to her complete surprise the creature bowed its head in greeting and then bounded on ahead as she watched it speechlessly go, a sudden feeling of warmth washing over her. She wasn’t sure what that thing was, but she did know one thing; it wasn’t there to harm them, and as she continued to watch she saw two more creatures join him, their bodies smooth and fast keeping pace as more of the leaf birds fell at their feet as they cleared the way through the relentless attack.
But the storm didn’t slow and with every defeated bird its rage grew in strength; its fierce winds tearing at their bodies, desperate to rip them from the horses saddle; its cold icy breath blinding them as they fought to see through the biting tears that stung their faces until with a sudden lurch in her stomach the horse changed direction and thundered into a tree lined walkway, the darkness descending around them as a deathly hush fell once more. She could no longer see the wolves in front, the pathway clear as they swept past tightly knitted walls of trees, heading straight towards a tiny glimmer of light at the far end, and she was suddenly reminded of the pathway they had entered the woods by. Maybe this was the way out she thought hopefully but the feeling was short lived as something began to stir, the light becoming blocked out as a sudden gust of heat washed over them. She felt Lucas tense in front of her, his body rigid with fear; could feel their hearts pounding in unison as they finally caught sight of what was rising from the earth. The air was sucked from her lungs as directly in front of them clawing its way out of the ground stood a monstrous beast, the leaves flocking together to create its body, as the air was filled with a rustling noise; dry and papery like the sound of a thousand ancient pages of a book being thrown into the sky; the colours bright and vivid in the last shimmers of the setting sun. 
Helplessly she watched the creature block the pathway entirely, a solid mass of leaves waiting to engulf all in its path, towering over them and filling the world in front with a huge malevolent mouth, the grinning orifice opening wide, waiting expectantly to devour them, and Lizzie was suddenly filled with the realisation that they were about to ride into the storm and be lost forever. 
She felt Lucas tug urgently on the reins, straining hard against the powerful beast; trying desperately to change the horse’s course but there was nothing slowing the wild animal and driven mad with fear it charged on towards the dense wall of leaves. Lizzie shut her eyes, burying her face into Lucas’ back, tightly bracing herself for the impact and was relieved to feel his hand reaching out and grasping hers firmly; squeezing her fingers as they waited for the impact but just as she was sure they were about to be swallowed she heard a deafening howl from all around and her eyes flew open to see a pack of the large wolf beasts landing on the path in front of her. 
Lizzie screamed, watching in terror as the strange creatures plunged into the open mouth of leaves, attacking the monster savagely with their teeth and claws, ripping and shredding it to pieces and as the horse finally passed through they were hit by little more than a scattering of the torn foliage as it fell beneath the packs brutal strength. 
Speechless they rode on, the sounds of the battle continuing behind, but looking forwards she was relieved to see the pathway was finally clear, a brief smattering of pink sky showing through the treetops, lighting up the single figure of a wolf striding through the shadows. She watched briefly as it turned to make sure they were following and then it disappeared onto a smaller track leading away from the main one, into a large tangle of fir trees and vanished amongst the undergrowth. She felt Lucas hesitate but just as they were almost passed the turning, he pulled tightly on the reins and the horse veered to the right, leaping across the widening ditch, landing solidly on the new path and continuing forwards without slowing until after a short distance the horse burst through the bushes into a large open clearing.         
Standing in the very middle was an old wooden cabin, its smooth timbers covered with large brambles and thorns; the roots and vines bursting from the earth and securing the cabin to the ground. The beast they had followed was nowhere to be seen, but something told her that the pack of wolves was not far away. She looked around for signs of the chaos that had chased them, but there were none and it was strangely calm inside the clearing, the horse finally coming to a halt, steam rising from its sweaty flanks, the muscles twitching with exhaustion. 
Lucas slipped quickly from its back running his hand soothingly down the beast’s neck, whispering words of comfort until a sudden noise from behind made them jump, and they turned to see Lizzie’s horse breaking through the trees into the clearing. He grabbed the horse’s reins, calming the animal as he had his own whilst Lizzie, clambered down to take them from him.
“What was that?” she asked breathlessly as she approached.
“I don’t know, but I don’t think it’s over,” he answered. “We should get in inside,” he added, nodding towards the cabin.
They urged their horses forwards, hoping to reach the safety of the cabin, but they were far from safe as the storm suddenly attacked from all sides; ripping through the clearing and hitting them with all its force; the wind screaming and howling in rage as it sensed its prey escaping; the torrent of leaves buffeting them relentlessly; trying to drown them in a tidal wave of power but they never slowed fighting their way through and eventually they reached the cabin door. It was only then that Lizzie realised just how big the cabin was it’s large windows dark and deserted as if no one had been here for years, a heavy sense of sadness hanging in the air.
I bet this place was beautiful once she thought turning the handle of the door only to find it would not budge. She tried again twisting the handle both ways and pushing against it with all her weight, but it still wouldn’t open. She looked down trying to see a lock, but there was none; the wood smooth and clear and she realised that the door was just stuck.
Lucas came up beside her, adding his weight to hers as they desperately tried to push the door open; the storm closing in around them until with a loud groan the warped wood gave way and the door creaked open into the darkness. They quickly pushed their way inside leading the stricken horses behind them and then turned forcing the door shut with all their might before the storm could follow. 
There was a moment silence before the noise erupted around them; the cabin swallowed by the maelstrom; the leaves tearing and ripping at the roof and windows like giant claws desperately trying to reach them, but the cabin stood solid, withstanding the onslaught as Lizzie and Lucas peered into the shadows surrounding them. 
“Do you think we’re safe?” she asked.
“I hope so,” Lucas answered as he fumbled in the darkness, his fingers finding an old discarded oil lantern which he lit.  
The room was filled with a dim glow, the shadows retreating as they looked around to find they were standing in a large open room occupied mainly on one side by a huge kitchen, on the other was a living area with a number of carved chairs and a small wooden table. Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust, untouched and undisturbed, a door at the back partially open led into another unseen room. Lucas placed the lantern on the side and then moved towards the horses calming them with whispered words as Lizzie found a large wooden bowl which she filled with water for them and blankets to cover them with. 
With this done they left the tired creatures where they were and made their way through the doorway to find themselves in a large bedroom, a huge double bed taking up most of the room. They collapsed onto it too tired to talk and as exhaustion swept over their aching bodies they fell into a deep sleep, the noise of the raging storm all around them. 

******
Lizzie wasn’t sure how long she’d been asleep, when with a sudden jolt she awoke from her nightmare to find herself sitting in total darkness, the wind still hammering around her and for a brief moment the fear from her dream became real, the panic overwhelming as she had the intense feeling that the storm had got them; that they were about to be swallowed and lost forever. 
But as her breathing steadied, her eyes adjusting to the dark, she noticed Lucas laying beside her his eyes closed and felt a wave of relief sweep over her. She lay back down onto her side, listening to the steady rhythm of his heartbeat and tried to block out the sounds around her until she finally felt her fear receding. She closed her eyes, her breathing now in unison with his and tried to dispel the images still flashing through her head. They were fading now, the lingering panic subsiding as she focused on his heart beat; the gentle rise and fall of his chest; his closeness soothing her and she found herself drifting off once more.
She was almost asleep when Lucas stirred slightly and then she felt the warmth of her blanket as he pulled it further over her shoulders and tucked it in. 
Lizzie smiled into the darkness as she felt him move closer and softly take her hand, and it was then she realised that for the first time since her Dad had died she truly felt safe.   
   
******
Enraged by the interference of The Guardians, Velos had retreated to his chamber unable to bear witness to the defeat, a steady pounding growing inside him as he thought of the life that escaped him once more. He closed his eyes steadily sipping at his drink, letting the anger wash over him; a wry smile slowly spreading across his features.
It would make no difference, in the end there would be no escape.
A slight movement caught his eye, and he looked up to see Hemlock hovering just outside his door.
 “Are they dead yet?” he demanded as his servant entered cautiously.
“No, My Lord,” he grovelled, bowing low.
“Don’t tell me they escaped.”
“Not exactly My Lord…”
“Not exactly,” Velos interrupted.
Hemlock could feel his master’s eyes boring into him as with his head still lowered he answered, “They have entered the cabin.”
Velos’ face turned cold his hands twitching nervously with the glass he was holding and then with a swift movement he stood throwing it into the fire, the glass shattering, the liquid bursting into flames and he turned to face Hemlock.
“Summon Feeola,” he hissed, “And send for Malaeck, It appears we may have need of his assistance after all.”

******
Malaeck’s eyes flickered open to be greeted by an all encompassing darkness; his body slick with chilled sweat; his hands gripped tightly entangled in the bed sheets; his heart hammering in his chest. He knew he was still in his room, could feel the reality teasing him just out of reach, but was still unable to touch it, to make it real as the clammy cold hands began to surface around him, dragging him backwards into the nightmare he was unable to wake from. 
Deeper and deeper he fell, helpless to stop it, the images now filling his mind, sporadic and sharp; the screams and smells smothering him; the panic bearing down; until he was unable to breath. And then as always the falling stopped, and he found himself standing on a dusty dirt track, his feet being pulled along by an invisible force. He struggled against it knowing what was to come, desperately trying to wake himself. He could feel the cold stone beneath his feet as he stepped from his bed, knew in his head that the track wasn’t real but as he looked down all he could see was the dusty earth beneath him, feel the warm breeze on his face as he was dragged ever forwards, his heart racing now, the panic overwhelming but he was unable to stop; unable to break free. 
Malaeck looked around at the deserted landscape. 
He had walked this path a thousand times before, the dark echoes of a memory clinging to the edges and he knew what was coming, knew it with every shred of his heart. 
And then it was all gone, and he was plunged into darkness, the sound of his heart thundering in his ears; his breathing fast and shallow as he began to walk forwards once more towards a glimpse of light in the distance. He knew this was what was waiting for him, feared more than anything what would happen when he reached the light and instinctively reached down seeking the silk ribbon at his side only to find it was gone. Fear flooded over him as he frantically searched for the ribbon, but the darkness was impenetrable; a void filled with nothing but the light ahead. He was almost there, the ache in his chest tearing through him as he placed his eye against the small gap through which the light spilled. 
The scream tore from his throat, as he finally ripped himself free from the nightmare, casting off the remnants of his dream to find himself standing in his room, his body shaking as the fear and dread refused to subside.
He raced from the room, fleeing into the silence, the hushed darkness masking his passage as he made his way through a maze of corridors until finally he reached a sealed door, a haze of magic surrounding it. 
There were no guards here; no locks; no handles. 
There was no need. No one could pass.
He waved his hand, whispering the incantation and as he did so the shield of magic lowered, the door opening untouched, and he passed through, sealing the door once more behind him to find himself standing in a dank dingy cell. 
“Tell me what it means,” he rasped, his voice dry and gravely.
There was silence and then out of the darkness a voice spoke. A soft sweet voice like the first drops of dew on a summer morning.
“I cannot,” it whispered.
His breathing ragged Malaeck moved into the shadows where a tiny figure sat on a low bench, hunched beneath a coarse blanket. 
“Tell me,” he yelled, grabbing them and lifting them high into the air to face him, the blanket falling away to reveal the frail body of an ancient fairy, staring back at him from one milky blank eye socket in the centre of her forehead.
“You know I cannot,” she repeated serenely. “The time of Gelhara has passed. Another has been chosen to bear the light, and all that I knew has now been lost.”
Malaeck crumpled, his body sagging, as releasing the old fairy he collapsed to the bench his head held tightly in his hands, his body beginning to shake as the anger passed.
The fairy moved in close behind him, unafraid of his actions, and wrapped the blanket over his shivering shoulders.
“In time all will become clear,” she soothed.
He rose, abruptly dropping the blanket to the floor and struck her, sending her fragile body flying to the ground.
“I do not have time,” he snapped, slamming the door shut behind him as he left and walking straight into Hemlock, who was hovering outside.
“Your Father wishes to see you, My Lord,” Hemlock bowed. “We have found them.”
The Moonlight Guardian
Bright sunlight greeted Lizzie as she awoke the following morning, feeling rested and refreshed, and as she looked around at the dusty surfaces, she felt strangely comforted. She couldn’t quite put her finger on it, but there was just something about the old cabin that made her feel safe; like she was at home. 
“Finally, you’re awake,” Lucas said, making her jump as he came through the bedroom door. “I’m not sure what caused that storm last night, but there’s nothing but clear blue skies this morning. It’s almost as if it didn’t happen.”
He sat down opposite her on the bed and held out a large bowl filled with fruit.
“Breakfast is served,” he said, taking a large red apple and beginning to eat it. “This place may be deserted but whoever lived here certainly didn’t have to worry about food. There’s a whole orchard outside.” 
“And you think it’s safe to eat?” Lizzie asked, taking one from the bowl. “I mean it may be poisoned, and that’s why no one is here.”
“Oh no,” Lucas suddenly gasped clutching at his throat. “It’s… poison…” he choked, theatrically falling to the side.
“You’re such an idiot sometimes,” Lizzie laughed, whacking him with a pillow.
“Yeah and you’re such a girl,” he answered, grabbing the pillow and hitting her back. 
“Huh,” Lizzie retorted indignantly as she grabbed another pillow.
“Come on then, Girlie,” Lucas teased as they started hitting each other until amidst the laughter and the strewn fruit they collapsed onto the bed out of breath.
They lay there getting their breath back, their laughter subsiding when Lucas leant up and began to talk.
“You had that dream again last night,” he said without looking up, his hands restlessly fiddling with an apple he picked up.
Lizzie looked up, a cold rush of dread sweeping over her, the icy ghost of her nightmare burning away the morning’s brightness as Lucas looked up to meet her gaze.
He didn’t say anything; didn’t push her but she was once more reminded of how he had made her feel last night. She could still feel his closeness; the way he always made her feel safe, and as she looked back down she finally spoke.
“It’s getting worse.”
“I know” he answered.
She wasn’t surprised by his answer as she looked up again; there was just something about it that felt right. That it was time to share it with him.
“It’s funny,” she began. “I can’t really remember it, it’s just flickers of images and voices, that are kind of hazy and don’t really make any sense, but I can still feel it as clearly as if I were asleep. I can still hear the laughter and the voices.” She shuddered as she sat up, wrapping her arms tightly around her knees. “I don’t know if I can explain it, but it’s as if there’s something chasing me; filling me with this sense of dread and panic; like a hopelessness that smothers me until I can’t breathe anymore, and no matter how far I run or how hard I try, I can’t escape it.” She shrugged. “It feels real, like I know that it’s going to happen, and I’m just waiting for it. Waiting for whoever’s chasing me to finally win.”
“Do you think it could be a premonition about whoever it is that’s looking for us? That rider we saw at the crossroads. If it started when we got here, it might be.”
Lizzie shook her head.
“I’m not sure, but the dreams didn’t start then. I was having them before. They’ve changed slightly; they used to be about…” Lizzie stopped, realising what she was about to say.
“About me,” Lucas finished for her.
Lizzie nodded.
“Mainly Sam, but that day under the arches, when you gave me my bracelet back, that was tough. I used to hear your voice and the laughter…”
“Lizzie…”
“I know,” she interrupted, “Another lifetime. I don’t dream about it any more; the images have changed; gotten darker; more intense. I keep thinking it’s because I have more things to be afraid of now, but I’m not sure.” She paused, picking up one of the apples and then began to talk again.  “Maybe I am just a big girl that should stop worrying so much.”
“You stop worrying, that’ll be a first,” he smiled, nudging her playfully with his foot. “That’s part of who you are Lizzie. You’re always thinking about other people first; that’s where your strength comes from, even if you don’t see it.”
“I think you’ve got me mixed up with someone else,” she laughed.
“You’re not that girl under the arches any more,” he said seriously. “Just like I’m not that boy; you need to remember that.”
She smiled knowing he was right, unable to find the words, but before she could answer he began speaking again.
“You know they only picked on you because they were jealous, don’t you?”
“Who?” she asked a little surprised.
“Sam, Tia, Nicky. The others were just too stupid to think for themselves; me included, but Sam was the worst.”
“Jealous of me! Why?”
“Because you’re everything they’re not, and they hated it. Sam was terrified that you’d realise it one day, and that was why she treated you so bad.”
“But she didn’t even know me.”
“It didn’t matter. She thought that if she kept you scared she’d have more power over you, and it would some how make her better than you.”
“That’s crazy.”
“I know, but I think it’s what Maraleena was trying to tell me. That power over someone else doesn’t give you strength, unless that person lets you take it. The more Sam intimidated you, the less you believed in yourself, and the more power it gave her.”
“So you’re saying it was my fault?”
“No. I know what it’s like to be in that position, and it takes real strength to stand up to someone like Sam, let alone a whole group of people. Sam had power because she took it from others, by fear, not because she was strong. But that’s where her weakness was because when you gain power that way there’s always the fear that one day someone will take it from you. That’s why she never gives anyone the chance. You’re different; you have strength inside you, you just don’t believe in it yet. If you had, Sam wouldn’t have stood a chance.” 
They were quiet for a minute, and then Lucas stood up.
“I’d better check the horses,” he said, changing the subject.
“Luke,” she said quietly and he paused. “Thanks.”
He shrugged, moving towards the door and then stopped again and turned.
“Lizzie, that day on the canal, do you know why I jumped in after you?” he asked. 
Lizzie shook her head, and he continued.
“Because I always new you were better than them. Actually I always thought you were pretty amazing; I was just too much of a coward to do anything about it.”
 Lizzie blushed as he finished talking and then with a sheepish smile Lucas turned and walked out into the sunlight.

******
Left alone in the empty cabin Lizzie was suddenly overcome with a feeling of warmth; the silence bearing down on her: a rhythmic pounding swallowing time as she felt herself slip into a trance. Unable to stop herself she moved as if in a dream, her hands tracing carefully across the tops of the furniture leaving streaks in the dusty surfaces until she found herself standing in the large living area at the front of the cabin. 
Unsure why she carefully moved towards the far wall and knelt, running her hands along the thick wooden floorboards beneath her; feeling the steady pounding, pulsating through her fingers as she ran the tips of them along the groove of the edge. She wasn’t sure why, but she suddenly felt the need to see what was underneath. She dug her fingers further into the gap when a loud screeching sound followed by the high pitched neighing of horses and then a loud yell, broke through her trance; fear flooding through her veins as she impulsively bolted for the door. 
But as she stepped out into the bright morning light that fear was quickly replaced by a rush of anxiety that she had lost something; a panic that she had no control over.
“Luke,” she yelled, frantically searching for him but he was nowhere to be seen. 
The horses were near hysteria as she approached, desperately pawing at the ground as high above she heard another blood curdling screech, and as she looked up saw Lucas tightly bound being lifted high into the sky by several dark winged creatures.
What were those things she thought, her fear rising once more, her heart pounding in her chest as she watched in despair. 
But as she stood helplessly watching Lucas being carried away she became aware of another sensation, a vibration that filled her body, and she looked around in bewilderment as the trees all around her began to shake; the earth beneath her feet shuddering. Then with an almighty crash the trees directly in front of her were ripped from the ground like twigs and discarded as if they weighed nothing, and Lizzie stared in disbelief as into view came the towering figure of a man; his great body blocking out the sun and casting shadows on the destruction around him. 
She hesitated, drawing a deep breath as the surrounding haze of light faded, and she found herself staring up at the biggest pair of boots she had ever seen, the thick, cracked leather the colour of dusty earth, the laces untied; a flapping tongue emerging from the top like a thirsty animal. Protruding from the boots were two monstrous solid legs, covered to the knee by a pair of torn ragged trousers, the fabric coarse and heavy, and as Lizzie looked higher she saw the figure was wearing a matching tunic, belted at the waist but open at the front to reveal a huge chest, heaving up and down; the muscles flexing as the figure tried to slow his breathing. She could see the smooth white texture of his body, glistening with a faint green mottled tinge, the veins dark brown staining the skin just below the surface as it traced downwards to his tight muscular arms, showing through the sleeveless tunic leading down to massive hands; the knuckles gnarled and as Lizzie watched him clench his fingers she felt a shudder of fear wash over her and stepped backwards, but as she glanced up she caught sight of the figure’s face and stopped.
The face that looked down at her wasn’t that of a hideous monster but was a beautiful young man, his chiselled features dazzling as the light reflected from them, the green sheen glimmering as he watched her carefully from piercing blue eyes, almost hidden beneath a tangle of thick dark green hair, the same colour as the moss that grew in the clearing around them.
 “You can see me?” the giant asked, his deep husky voice soft for someone of his size.
“Truthfully you’re kind of big to miss,” Lizzie replied without thinking.
The giant’s face looked puzzled for a few moments and then he crumpled to the floor his head cradled between his hands.
“Are you alright?” Lizzie said, bewildered as a great raking sob tore from the giant’s throat, large tear drops beginning to fall to the ground, “I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“I’m sorry,” he cried. “I was too far away.” He took another deep breath, the trees around him shaking madly as he continued to talk, his sentences running into each other in a great jumble. “I couldn’t get here quick enough; it was the storm. I had to check the borders; they don’t normally come this close; my only job and I’ve failed.”
Lizzie moved in closer stepping in between the giant’s massive feet and staring up into his distraught face she smiled. He stopped talking and looked down at her.
“You can really see me?” he repeated.
“Yeah,” Lizzie answered. “Why, can’t everyone else?”
“No, not since the magic,” the giant answered solemnly. “You are the first."
He stared down at her, his big round face warm and welcoming as he struggled with the realisation that she could really see him, and then he began to cry again.
“I’m so sorry,” he sobbed uncontrollably. “I should have stopped them.”
“What were those things?” she asked, looking again into the sky. “Why would they have taken Lucas?”
But the distraught giant was unable to answer, the tears falling once more as he mumbled incoherently away to himself.
“Magic; curse; can’t lose him; the magic; miss him; miss him so much.”
Lizzie stood watching in disbelief and then turned to stare into the distance, no longer able to see the dark outlines of the disappearing creatures and she finally came to a conclusion. Whatever this magic was; or whoever this giant man was they weren’t helping Lucas. 
She shook her head, striding away from the giant and disappeared inside the cabin only to return moments later with their two large packs slung over her shoulders. She hoisted them onto the back of Lucas’ horse and then feeling that someone was watching she turned to see the giant staring at her as if he were finally seeing her for the first time.
“What you doing?” he asked, noisily wiping his arm across his face, his tears slowing.      “I don’t know what those things were or why they’ve taken Lucas,” she answered, “But I’m not about to just leave him. So if you know something that’s going to help me then great. Otherwise, I guess this is goodbye.”
There was a moments silence and then the giant slowly patted the fallen tree beside him. “They’re called Screechers,” he said as Lizzie clambered up the tree to sit on the top most branches that reached just below the giants face.
“What?” she asked again, peering up into his wide dirt streaked face.
“Screechers,” he repeated. “They were once a part of the magic that protected these woods but not any longer. Now they work only for the Dark Queen, corrupted by her evil until their will is no longer their own.”
“What magic?” Lizzie asked. “What Dark Queen?”
“The Dark Queen is a powerful Sea Witch, who lives just outside the borders of these woods, her castle resting where the land joins the sea.”
 “And why would this queen want Lucas, and what does it have to do with magic?”
“Maybe it would be easier if I started at the beginning,” he began, clearing his throat.     “My name is Macanilus and I am the Guardian of these woods.”
“Guardian?” 
“Yes,” he replied. “There are many of us, some you may have seen and some you will have not.” 
“The Wolves,” Lizzie interrupted unable to stop herself. “Last night, they showed us the way. Are they Guardians?”
“Yes,” Macanilus replied once again. “We are all bound by the magic to keep these woods safe. The Screechers were once one of us.”
“So…” she began but stopped as she caught the look on his face. “Sorry, I’ll stop interrupting.”
Macanilus smiled and then began to talk once more.
“I have lived here in this wood my whole life. It used to be such a beautiful place full of life and laughter and happiness but then one afternoon many years ago an evil entered and destroyed all that was good. The devastation it brought with it was the worst…” he paused unable to finish. “It was unbearable for a long time and then the magic began. The cabin was sealed; the borders protected. I found I was no longer visible during daylight hours, the protection allowing none to see me until the moon rose, and my form could be seen.  I do not know where this magic came from, only that I felt its goodness and with it the woods changed, new life was breathed into them, and the Guardians were created. We were then bound by the magic to protect these woods, and keep them safe until the time when the true heir returned, and claimed what was rightfully theirs.” 
Macanilus paused seeing the look on Lizzie’s face and then continued seriously.
“I do not understand the magic or know what is to be claimed but I made an oath to protect whoever returned. It is my destiny to give my life for theirs.”
Macanilus stopped talking and raised an eyebrow at Lizzie as her torrent of questions began.
 “So you think Lucas is the heir you’re meant to protect?” she asked first. “And if so why did the woods attack us last night? And why has he been taken?”
“I do not know,” he answered, “But I have spent many years in these woods and you are the first to ever enter the cabin; the first to ever have been aided by the Guardians; the first to ever have seen me by daylight.”
“So why did the woods attack us?” she asked again.
“Of that, I am not sure but I can tell you that it was not part of the magic, and I do not know how it penetrated the protection, but you were lucky to have escaped with your life.”
“So maybe it’s this Sea Witch. If the Screechers can break through then…”
“No,” Macanilus interrupted her. “The Screechers were part of the magic and although they are now corrupted are able to enter, even if it is for only a short time. What attacked you last night was not of these woods, its presence and power was that of a dark essence that I have never felt before; not even from the Dark Queen herself.”
“So if it isn’t this Queen, why would she have taken Lucas?”
“I can only guess she is working for someone else,” he replied, standing up, “But if we are quick we may still be able to stop them before they reach the castle. If not…”
“You’re going to help me?” 
Macanilus smiled, the action lighting up his whole face.
“If he is the one, then it is my duty to at least try,” he replied, holding out his hand for her to step into. 
“Thank you,” she smiled, starting to climb down towards his outstretched hand, “And Macanilus, my name’s Lizzie, it’s really nice to meet you.”
“Lizzie,” he murmured approvingly. “Well Lizzie, you may call me Mac and after all these years you have no idea how good it is to meet you also.”
Lizzie laughed loudly as Mac lowered her to the ground, but the laughter was cut short as a slight flicker suddenly caught her eye, and she turned just in time to see one of the wolf creatures limp into the clearing, its movement ragged and slow as it staggered a few more paces and then collapsed to the floor. 
“Brax,” Mac called, flying to his feet, crossing the gap between them in seconds and kneeling down in front of the beast as he gently scooped it into the palm of his hand. Lizzie raced after him, watching as Mac gently blew onto the broken body of the creature that had looked so enormous to Lizzie the previous evening but now resembled a crushed rag doll lying in the giant’s palm, it’s colours fading as it’s breathing slowed and stopped altogether. 
“Please,” she heard Mac whisper.
She stared on in amazement as he continued to blow onto the mottled flesh; his fingers stroking the fur gently until with a rattling gasp the creature took a deep breath, and Lizzie was relieved to see its colour begin to return as it lifted its head slowly.
“They took the boy,” the wolf growled fiercely.
“I know, old friend,” Mac responded.
“We gave chase but were unable to catch them before they reached her. They have taken him inside.”
Mac’s face turned white as the wolf spoke his eyes becoming fearful at the creature’s words.
“Mac, what is it?” Lizzie asked, beginning to panic, “Where have they taken him?”
The wolf turned his head slowly to look at her, sorrow and pain etched across its mangled features.
“They have taken him inside the lair of the Sea Witch,” it answered slowly.
Lizzie turned to look at Mac questioningly.
“Then we just go and get him, right. You said…?”  
Mac shook his head as if remembering something painful and then finally spoke.
“No,” he answered his voice shaking slightly. “None who enters the lair of the Sea Witch ever returns.”
“He is lost.” 
In the Lair of the Sea Witch
Lucas was dreaming.
The steady dripping sound, filling his mind with a fuzzy warmth until with a shuddering lurch he bolted awake to find himself laying in a small underground cavern, the smooth worn walls covered in an eerie luminous moss. 
He looked around in confusion. What the hell happened he thought sitting up and pulling at the sticky thread that still bound his feet? 
Where was Lizzie? 
He gazed around unable to see her in the gloom, his eyes glancing over a heavy iron door but instead were drawn to a large pool of water, into which dripped a thick sticky substance. 
He moved over to stand beside it and stared down into the bottomless yellow glow, the water softly lapping at the sides and soaking his shoes. 
Lucas shook his head trying to think clearly. He’d gone out of the cabin to the horses, and they’d been a loud screeching sound and that was it. It had all gone black. Now he seemed to be in an underwater cavern of some sort but where. He bent down stirring his fingers through the cold water when a sudden thought struck him. Maybe if this water was coming from somewhere then it might lead to a way out.
“I wouldn’t get in there if I were you,” a voice suddenly said, startling him.
He turned around, seeking the owner and saw the small figure of a boy step from the shadows; his grubby face smiling in the darkness, his clothes ragged and dirty, his hair hanging in long matted dreadlocks to his shoulders.
“Why not? Where does it lead?”
“To the surface, probably, but you won’t make it the Grameel’s will get you well before then.”
“The what?”
“Trust me you don’t want to know,” he answered.
“Where am I?” Lucas asked.
“This place has many names though it is usually known simply as SeaHaven.” He paused, seeing the look on Lucas’ face before continuing. “Do not be fooled by its name though, there is nothing safe or welcoming within these walls.”
“SeaHaven,” Lucas repeated. “I’ve never heard of it.”
“Then you are lucky for it is home to the powerful Sea Witch, Feeola the darkest of all creatures ever to be born of the sea.”
“Sea Witch?” he asked, “But what would she want with me?”
“What she wants with all of us. Our power; our youth; our blood. You must not be fooled. A great evil hunts within this place.”
“Hunts?” Lucas inquired his words being cut short.
“Shhh,” the little boy suddenly hissed, disappearing into the dark.
Lucas stopped talking, listening intently instead, to the dull scraping noise of the bolts being dragged open and then the door was pushed inwards. Through it walked a tall, dark man, his imposing frame stooping low to clear the doorway and for the briefest moment Lucas thought it was Ma-een, but as he stepped into the light, Lucas saw at once that this was no man. 
The creature stood at over seven feet tall, his solid body rippling with muscles, his arms thick and powerful with hands that looked as if they could crush bones like kindling. He wore nothing more than a coarse brown pair of shorts that reached his knees, his muscular legs, built for strength supported on large calloused bare feet. All over, his body glistened in the dim light and as Lucas looked closer he saw an underlying pattern to the skin that reminded him of tree bark; the markings darkening the higher they went on the body until across his chest they became an intricate web of thick dark tattoos that continued across his shoulders and down his arms. A single strand snaked along his neck and reached up, spreading across the solid square jaw line, of a face that looked as if it had been carved from wood; its high jutting cheekbones smooth and angular beneath a thick mop of greenish hair that hung in clumps across its brow; a pair of sharp glinting eyes staring out at him, watching him with a piercing red gleam.   
“Come,” the creature ordered, his voice deep and gravelly, a slight accent making the words sound thick and awkward in his mouth.
Startled Lucas did as he was told, stepping out through the doorway to find himself faced with two more of the creatures that inspected him curiously. 
They were joined once more by the first creature, and as Lucas was ushered between them he was marched through narrow, dimly lit underground tunnels until they climbed a towering set of steps to find they were standing before two heavy doors, the surface scaly and hard like fish scales and he was struck with the strangest desire to reach out and stroke them but before he could move closer he was pushed through them, his shoulder scraping against the rough edges. 
He squinted as he entered, the blinding light searing his eyes after the darkness of the cell but as the brightness cleared he realised, that in contrast to the dark underground tunnels he was now standing within a large well lit chamber.  The sun streamed through several high windows covering the domed ceiling, causing a rainbow of colours to cascade down on him, fracturing the room with its shafts of light and Lucas was filled with the sudden impression that he was under water. 
He looked around in alarm his head filling with a sweet, pungent aroma, the warm heavy scent enveloping him as he was shoved further into the room until he landed with a hard thump on the stone floor beneath him. He got to his feet again, feeling his anger rising and found himself standing at the bottom of a wide set of steps leading up to an altar upon which stood an empty crystal blue throne, ornate pictures carved across its surface depicting a series of images he was too far away to see.
He turned around slowly, finding the rest of the room empty and noticed for the first time a large stone pool at the rear of the chamber, its oily black surface un-penetrated by the dancing colours surrounding it. 
Lucas’ heart crept into his throat as vivid images of a dark evil Sea Witch, clawing her way from the murky depths, suddenly sprang into his mind, his breathing becoming shallow until a low voice spoke from behind him making him jump with fear.
 “Welcome my child,” the disembodied voice said, breaking the silence. “Do not be alarmed; you have no need to fear.”
Lucas turned to see a figure appear on the alter behind the throne and as they moved forward he was shocked to see that it was a beautiful young woman, her long dark hair falling to her waist in thick wavy curls, her tight flowing gown almost translucent in the glow surrounding her. Lucas found himself struggling to inhale as her piercing grey eyes stared out at him from an agelessly flawless face, her skin as smooth as marble as she gracefully glided down towards him, a warm smile spreading across her features.
“My, aren’t you lovely,” she crooned as she approached.
Lucas couldn’t breathe, the warm heavy scent smothering him now as she drew closer, but he didn’t care; all he could think about was how beautiful she was; how badly he wanted to reach out to her; how her touch felt like silk as she softly reached out and caressed his face, the sensation burning through his chest in waves.
“What is your name, boy?” she asked, her fingers slowly tracing down his neck. 
He heard himself reply, his voice sounding far off like an echo he couldn’t quite grasp but none of it mattered, all he could think about was that sweet flowery smell and the touch of her that sent shivers rushing through his body.
“Oh,” she sighed, smiling as his eyes closed gently. “I’m going to have so much fun with you.”

******

Lucas could feel the heat coursing through his body before he even opened his eyes to find himself once more in the underground cell, but this time the burning didn’t feel sweet like before, now it just hurt, the aching tearing at his chest until he couldn’t breathe. 
He rubbed his hand shakily across his head, his thoughts fuzzy and disorientated, as he struggled into a sitting position, the pounding worsening with the movement.
“Here this will help,” he heard a voice say.
He looked around his vision blurred and unclear and could just make out the outline of the small boy sitting next to him holding a cup out towards him.
Lucas shook his head, a sharp stabbing pain erupting behind his eyes as a bright flash of light filled his vision, as he watched the boy soundlessly talking, while he continued to push the cup towards him.
“Just back off,” he yelled, knocking the cup from the boy’s hands.
“You need…” the boy began.
“What I need is for everyone to stop telling me what to do,” Lucas interrupted sharply.  He closed his eyes the burning still raging through his veins, his breathing laboured. What the hell was happening to him he thought unable to control the anger that was welling up inside him?
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, opening his eyes again to see the boy kneeling before him with the cup refilled. “I don’t know what’s happening to me. I feel like I’ve been run over by a truck”
“A what?” the little boy asked.
Lucas looked up, a small smile spreading across his lips as he saw the bemused look on the boy’s face.
“It doesn’t matter,” he answered as he finally took the drink from the boy’s outstretched hands. “What happened to me?”
“You don’t remember,” he asked sadly. “You need to try. The magic robs you of your true memories. The only way to defeat it is by fighting against it.”
Lucas shook his head.
“I remember there was a man…and lots of tunnels… and a bright light… and a heavy warm smell that made me feel so safe.”
“You need to try harder,” the boy insisted. “Try to remember what was really there.”
Lucas shrugged, finally sipping at the bitter water, its coolness quenching some of the heat he felt inside but still his head felt groggy, his memories distorted like wisps of clouds on a summer’s day.
“There was a lady,” he suddenly blurted as flashes of images broke through the fog. “She was so beautiful.”
“Feeola,” the boy whispered.
“But I thought you said she was evil?” Lucas asked in confusion. “How could someone that perfect be...”
“It’s just the magic,” the boy interrupted. “You see what she wants you to see. You have to try and remember what was real; you have to fight it.”
Lucas closed his eyes, the images crowding in on him; he could see her face now; clear and beautiful; her hair falling in dark waves over her shoulders; could feel her touch soothing him and the smell of skin as she drew closer.
“You have to fight it,” the boy yelled and Lucas opened his eyes to find himself lying curled in a ball, his body shaking violently once more, an overwhelming rage filling him. What was wrong he thought struggling to sit up again, his fingers clenching into a tight ball as the excruciating pain washed over him.
“I can’t,” he hissed through clenched teeth. “Help me.”
“I can’t,” the boy replied, his voice sounding far off as if whispered from a great distance.
“Please,” Lucas begged, his reality crumbling as the images burst into his head once more. 
He could see her beautiful face, hear her voice, feel her soft caress, but this time there was something else, an underlying feeling that gripped his heart in terror, the images distorting as he fought against them, the pain unbearable as they were joined by brief flickers of his memories, sharp and painful, the fear and hurt he had felt crushing down on him. 
He tried to block them out, but they were too strong and as the waves of anger washed over him, he realised that as long as he didn’t fight the images and accepted the rage, the pain no longer hurt but faded until he was surrounded by the warm, comforting smell once more.
He smiled to himself as he let the images take over.
“She’s so beautiful,” he murmured softly but was startled awake by a voice beside him. “No,” the boy insisted. “It isn’t real. It’s just her magic; it feeds on your emotion; your memories; your pain; your anger. You have to fight it. Just focus on something, anything that makes you calm; or happy and keep that image in your head. Remember how it makes you feel. It’s the only way.”
Lucas inhaled deeply, slowing his breathing down once more and tried to do as the boy said, desperately trying to block the anger that was growing inside him but no matter how hard he struggled to calm down; the warm, sweet smell kept washing over him; taking him under once more until with a sharp clarity Lizzie’s face came into his head. 
He squeezed his eyes tightly shut focusing on her clear dark eyes; the freckles speckled across her cheeks; the slight smile teasing across her face, and he finally felt the burning receding; his ragged breathing slowing; his fists gently unclenching and he opened his eyes once more to see the boy staring at him. 
“Now I don’t know who she is,” he said as if reading Lucas’ mind, “But she really is beautiful.”

******
Lucas was in hell; consumed by a fever he could no longer fight.
Several more times he had been taken from the cell only to awake once more on the cold stone, his body shaking violently while the burning raged through him, his head unclear and hazy. 
He was dimly aware that the boy who had helped him was no longer there, the cell empty, the uncertainty hanging heavy in the air. Had he been removed or was he now just too afraid to come closer but Lucas no longer cared as the unbearable pain and heat burned through him like fire, wiping all thoughts from his mind in a red haze of despair. He just wanted it to end; for the pain to stop; for the anger to leave him but no matter how hard he tried he could not wake from the nightmare he was trapped in, could not break free from the darkness that sought to consume his very being, its power was too strong, too controlling and as another surge of rage rose inside him he tried to focus on the one thing that kept his thoughts free.
Lizzie.
He tried to picture every detail of her face; to hear her voice; her laughter, desperately trying to cling to the last piece of hope and peace that she brought him but it was getting harder every time, and as he sat clutching his head tightly in his hands, his eyes gripped firmly shut he was no longer sure how much more of it he could take. 
Lucas’ eyes suddenly flew open as icy cold hands seized his burning skin, dragging him to his feet and drawing him once more into the tunnels, his feet moving as if by themselves until they reached Feeola’s chamber, and he felt the warm, sweet smell of the Sea Witch flooding over him and finally filling him with the peace he so desperately wanted. 
It was as if he was now floating outside of himself, the pain ebbing away, replaced by a dull numbness, his body now an empty shell as he stood before her throne staring up at the beautiful face that asked him question after question. 
He could hear his answers slurred and muted as if they were being spoken from far away and he was unable to stop himself. Names, places, whispered secrets, promises, all tumbling from his lips, slowly being drowned out by a flickering noise, broken and harsh; screams of pain, of terror, of despair but as he stared into the clear grey eyes before him he no longer cared. It was almost over, and as the darkness claimed him he finally realised that the screaming was his own.
Shadows in the Night
The fog descended a short while after they had left the clearing, the air becoming heavy and oppressive as Lizzie struggled to keep the outline of the wolf guardian Brax in sight as he led the way ahead.
She’d been amazed at the creature’s recovery, his strength returning as Mac’s magic restored him, and he had at once agreed to lead her to the castle but with Brax’s willingness to help Mac had withdrawn even further into his deathly silence. 
Lizzie had been shocked at the giants sudden change, and she wasn’t entirely sure why but ever since they had learnt Lucas had been taken into the castle, he had pulled away, a barrier forming between them, his refusal to help unwavering until forced with no choice she had left the distraught giant and followed Brax into the trees once more.
They had been making good time when the fog had begun to creep over them, climbing higher into the canopy and swallowing them in a miasma of impenetrable greyness, their passage slowed to almost a stop as they struggled through the swirling mists.  
They had continued to travel like this for the rest of the afternoon, their progress slow and awkward as the sun began to dip in the sky; the woods taking on an unearthly quality around them but although her surroundings were unsettling they were still overshadowed by the ache in her chest every time she thought of Lucas.
Please let him be alright she thought but no matter how hard she tried she could not get the look of terror on Macs face out of her head.
Could still hear his words.
He is lost. 
Lizzie shuddered; her uneasiness growing and realised that her horse had stopped. She spurred its flank encouragingly and was so intent on making the horse move again that she almost missed the low growl ahead of her and then felt a brief movement at her side.  “Trolls,” Brax hissed from beside her. “We need to hide.”
“The horses…”
“Leave them.” 
She jumped down, the fear welling up inside her and felt the comforting body of Brax brush against her.
“Keep hold of me and do not let go,” he insisted.
Lizzie gently run her hand along the wolf guardian’s neck; his hackles raised as if ready to fight and gripped hold of a large tangle of the thick, coarse fur. 
He moved swiftly, Lizzie guided along easily through the shadows until with a sudden turn he came to a sharp halt in front of a large tree.
“Quick up here,” he motioned towards the tree as he knelt.
Confused Lizzie clambered onto his back, using him to reach the lowest branch of the tree and then hoisted herself up into the canopy above, amazed to see Brax leap up after her. They climbed further into the thick firs, pausing occasionally to listen to the still night but Lizzie could hear nothing, unsure what had spooked the wolf so badly, his body tense as he climbed beside her.
They were almost to the top when unable to support her weight the branch Lizzie was standing on gave way with a loud crunching sound, and she felt herself tumbling into the darkness, her scream dying in her throat as a sudden eruption of chaos sounded below. She closed her eyes tight, her body striking the branches, her arms flailing wildly around her as she crashed towards the ground, waiting for the impact she knew was coming but it never arrived as with a soft shudder she stopped falling.
Suddenly unable to move she listened to the noises around her getting louder; a tremor of fear running through her and she shivered, opening her eyes to find herself in total blackness. 
What had happened?
She hadn’t hit anything hard, so maybe she was caught on one of the lower branches.
She looked around unable to see anything in the dark, her panic growing as the floor beneath her began to move, juddering slightly as it did so until a bright shaft of light appeared above her head, and she found herself looking up into two big bright eyes.
“Mac?” she asked in surprise.
“Shh, they’ll hear you,” he whispered, lifting her higher, “As long as you’re with me they can’t see us, but we need to get beneath the canopy. We don’t have much time.”
Lizzie looked up, the sky above her darkening as the sun sunk into the horizon and she could just make out the dim glow of the moon appearing behind the clouds. She nodded in understanding as the darkness closed around her again, and her stomach lurched as Mac set off through the trees in search of safety. 
Unsettled by the movement Lizzie clambered unsteadily to her feet, carefully pulling herself to a standing position and using Mac’s big fingers to steady herself as she peered through a gap in his clasped hands. 
They were moving quite quick; the treetops rushing by below them, vanishing in and out of a thick blanket of fog that rose and fell around them, flowing into the distance in an endless sea of grey waves.
Squeezing his fingers slightly wider, Lizzie pressed her face into the gap she’d made, mesmerised by the eerily beautiful scene before her until a bright burst of orange light flared through the sky, quickly followed by several more, and Lizzie noticed a dark, ominous shape looming out of the shadows, like a monstrous creature leaping from the waves of swirling mists. 
Transfixed Lizzie was unable to look away as an indistinct silhouette came into view, unseen terrors flitting in and out of the darkness as haunting screeching echoed through the night as a warning to all who could hear and as the dread consumed her Lizzie knew at once she was staring at the castle of the Sea Witch.
A sudden jarring movement, as Mac stopped, broke her reverie, and she was thrown backwards to land with a soft thump, the wind knocked from her body. She lay for a few moments the fear subsiding until the darkness withdrew, the clasped fingers opening to reveal Mac staring down at her once more.
“Are you okay?” he whispered, lifting her close to his face.
She nodded smiling.
“You came back for me.”
“I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I should never have let you leave alone.”
Lizzie shrugged.
“It doesn’t matter, I’m just glad you did.”
The giant smiled settling himself carefully beneath a huge oak tree and looked up at the sky to see the moon was now completely obscured by the heavy canopy of leaves above them. He smiled with relief as he tucked his head and shoulders in, pulling his knees in tightly to his chest, trying to make himself as small and inconspicuous as possible as he blended in with his surrounding, his huge body disappearing amongst the dark shadows. When he was finally happy with his position, he rested his hand in his lap and returned his attention back to Lizzie.
“That should do it,” he whispered. “The fog will help but we still need to be careful.”
 “What was all that noise anyway?”
“Trolls,” Mac answered, nervously looking around. “We need to be as quiet as we can or we risk them finding us.”
“What about Brax?”
“He’s safe. He’ll be here shortly.”
They sat for a while in silence, listening to the quiet surrounding them, every noise exaggerated in the still ocean of mist until as Lizzie thought she could take no more Mac leant forward ever so slightly and whispered.
“He’s here.”
She felt a movement beside her and was relieved to feel Brax climbing silently into the giant’s palm, his closeness breaking the tension and she huddled against him, his rough fur comforting as he settled down beside her. No one talked, the intense danger they felt pressing down on them all as they stared into the mists, waiting for the threat to pass. Lizzie wasn’t sure what she was expecting as she sat in silence, her own heart thumping so loud she was sure it would give them away but she never could have dreamed of what was to come as out of the mist appeared several large beasts, their eyes gleaming red in the gloom and Lizzie instantly thought of the monsters that had chased her through the storm the previous night. But she was wrong and unlike those creatures, these beasts were not insubstantial but stood solid and strong their movements graceful and skilled as they moved silently through the woods, disappearing in and out of the trees like chameleons, vanishing within the mists only to appear a few seconds later in a different position; their heads turning continuously as they searched the area around them.
Lizzie held her breath, praying that they would not be discovered; her hand clasped tightly over her mouth as the creatures grew closer, unable to look away as they passed directly below, almost brushing against Mac’s foot but somehow they survived unseen as the figures disappeared into the distance. 
Relief flooded her veins, but it was not over yet, they were still not safe as the noises continued far into the night until eventually overcome with exhaustion Lizzie fell into a deep sleep her body pressed against the huge warm bulk of Brax that sat watch endlessly into the dawn. 

******
Lizzie awoke the following morning with a dull aching pain in her chest and as she sat up realised that she had not eaten since the previous day, her stomach churning with hunger. She looked around and was pleased to see Brax still hunched protectively against her, his face no longer grotesque to her as she stared up at his strong profile that watched the horizon silently, and she was filled with an unconditional feeling of love for him. She smiled leaning in and hugging him fiercely, and he turned his head in greeting. 
“I am truly glad that the dawn has arrived,” he said smiling. 
“So am I,” Lizzie answered. “Last night was terrifying.”
Brax smiled sadly.
“Yes,” he agreed, “But I fear there is still worse to come.”
Lizzie felt a cold chill wash over her at his words, and she shuddered. 
“I know,” she said, her words interrupted by the ground moving beneath her and she finally remembered that she was still sitting in Mac’s palm.
She looked up into the giant’s big wide face, concern showing clearly on his features, and she smiled again reassuringly. 
Whatever happened next she was glad she had met her two guardians. She could feel deep within her heart an unspoken bond with them, a protection that made her feel safe, and she was filled with sorrow that she would soon have to leave them.
“I must check the area,” Brax said, finally breaking her thoughts, and she watched as he effortlessly jumped down from Mac’s hand.
“I will help,” Mac agreed. “You should be safe here but do not wander.”
He placed her gently on the ground and she watched suddenly filled with fear as her two guardians disappeared into the distance until with a strange gurgling noise from her stomach she was once again reminded just how hungry she was.
She found a spot underneath the tree and sitting crossed leg on a small boulder unpacked her food. It was while she was rummaging in her pack that her hand scraped across something sharp and as she withdrew it realised that she was holding the small silver jar of Cluejam that Leviro gave her. 
She smiled a feeling of happiness washing over her. 
It seemed like months ago now, that they had sat in his warm, tidy study and was presented with their gifts, and she could still Lucas’ face as he admired his new sword. Thinking of Lucas made her smile but even as she did so a feeling of sadness washed over her and she thought once more of the awful sights and sounds she had heard last night in the shadows and her heart fell.
She still had no idea how she was going to help him.
She continued to eat, slowly turning the jar over and over again in her hand. 
What had Leviro said? 
Cluejam would give you answers, but it was to be used only in extreme circumstances.
Well, I guess this is as extreme as it can get she thought, carefully twisting off the lid and opening the jar.
Inside was a smooth red paste that bubbled slightly as she watched, her nose suddenly filled with a sharp bitter smell. 
“Yuck,” she declared loudly, taking the tiny silver spoon and scooping a miniscule amount of jam onto it.
She held it up to her mouth cringing as the smell grew worse.
Just put some in your mouth, and the magic will do the rest Leviro had told them but now as she looked at the disgusting red slime she wasn’t sure that this was going to be quite so easy.
In the end, she took a big gulp of air and closed her eyes, thrusting the tiny spoon into her mouth and swallowing the jam as quick as she could.
She opened her eyes again and was surprised to find that the jam actually tasted quite sweet. 
“Now what?” she asked out aloud, slipping the spoon back into its holder. 
But nothing happened, and all she could feel was the sickly sweet taste of the jam running down her throat. She waited for a few moments longer and then finally giving in that nothing was happening she turned the jar and made to put it back in her pack.
It was then she noticed the movement on the back of the jar, and she lifted it closer to her face and watched as writing began to appear on it, the letters scratchy and sharp.
Ask your question?
Lizzie thought for a moment and then slightly bemused and feeling really stupid asked out loud.
“How do I help Lucas to get out of the castle?”
She watched in amazement as the words disappeared, and new ones began to form in their place.
She read them out loud, disbelief clouding her face.
“The breath of life will so restore
The heart of one you hate no more.”
“Seriously,” she asked reading it again. “That’s it. More riddles and how exactly is that supposed to help me.”
She threw the jar back in her pack in anger. 
“Just once I would have liked an answer like. Just go through that door, or Mac can storm the castle.”
She was so busy fuming that she nearly missed the movement behind her, and she turned quickly, realising just how loudly she was yelling.
A wave of panic washed over her but then to her relief Brax re-entered the clearing followed by several more wolves that waited at the edge of the trees as her guardian approached.
 “I’m sorry,” she rushed. “I didn’t mean to make so much noise.”
“It is fine,” Brax answered. “There are none in the woods.”
Lizzie gave a huge sigh of relief standing up to join the wolf and stroking his fur softly.
“I have come to say goodbye,” the wolf said after a short pause.
“You’re leaving?” 
“Yes,” the wolf replied. “I must return to protect the woods whilst Mac remains to help you.”
Lizzie stared at the huge wolf, the tears rising to her eyes and then with great force she threw herself at him, hugging him tightly around his neck and burying her face into his thick fur. She held him close for a while longer, feeling his warmth on her skin, his heartbeat loud in her ears and then finally she withdrew. 
“Thank you Brax,” she whispered through her tears.
“Goodbye, Lizzie Somers,” The wolf answered. “It has been an honour,” and then he was gone, rejoining his pack and vanishing into the undergrowth.

******
Lizzie sat for a while, the emptiness crashing down on her as she realised that for the first time in ages she felt truly alone, like there was a huge hole in her chest that ached unbearably. She could still feel the sickly taste of the jam at the back of her throat, could feel a pounding in her head as if a swarm of bees were buzzing angrily around in it but she still had no idea what the clue meant, no way of helping Lucas and the feeling of panic crept over her until unable to sit any longer she rose and began to pack up quietly, desperately trying to ignore the voices in her head that kept telling her she couldn’t do it, that she couldn’t help him and that he was lost forever.
But there was a part of her that didn’t believe that and as she picked up her sword she was suddenly reminded of what Leviro had told her; as long as she believed in herself she could do anything.
She took a deep breath steadying her nerves and then stated out loud.
“I can do this.”
“You can do what?” a voice asked her and startled she turned around in surprise to see Mac standing behind her.
“Oh my god, you made me jump,” she uttered, breaking into a smile, her sadness retreating with the giant’s arrival. “How is it someone as big as you can creep around so quietly?”
“I’m sorry,” he answered, sitting down beside her. “I guess when no one can see you it becomes easier to be invisible, even when you don’t mean to be. Here I brought you some fruit,” he said, lifting Lizzie up and placing her onto his knees. “You should eat before you set off, you don’t know when…” his words faltered, and he fell quiet. 
“Mac, I’m going to be alright. You know that,” Lizzie answered.
Mac nodded, but the haunted look on his face told Lizzie he wasn’t so sure, and they fell into a hushed silence as Lizzie ate the fruit Mac had brought her.
“So what were those things last night?” Lizzie asked apprehensively, breaking the awkwardness.
“Trolls,” he stated.
“Trolls?” she asked. “Really, that’s not what I was expecting.”
“How many Trolls have you met then?” Mac asked.
“Well, none actually. I just assumed they would be slow and stupid.”
“Then you would be very wrong,” Mac replied seriously. “Trolls are clever, wicked creature built from the earth itself, their bodies crafted for strength and speed; their minds quick and sharp; their souls as black as their hearts. No a Troll is someone you do not want to underestimate.”
“Are all Trolls evil?” she asked.
“No,” he said. “They say a Trolls heart is made of stone, that they are incapable of feeling but as in most cases there are exceptions and some are drawn towards the light. It is rare but not unheard of.”
He paused, staring off into the distance, a thoughtful look across his face and then spoke again.
“One thing I do know is that a Troll by nature is fiercely loyal. So if they are now in service to the Sea Witch it is going to be extremely difficult to gain access to the castle. Even if we attack under the protection of daylight we would gain no entrance, and would be cut down where we stood.” 
“We,” Lizzie interrupted. “Does that mean you are going to help me?”
Mac looked down at her his face serious, an air of resolution surrounding him.
“Although my destiny has been foretold,” he said his voice thick with emotion. “It does not make it any easier to accept. Does not always give me the strength to believe in what I must do.” 
“Mac…” Lizzie tried to interrupt him, but the giant shook his head to silence her.
“I am sorry that I have made you doubt me. I will not fail you again.”
“Hopefully, it won’t come to that,” Lizzie smiled reassuringly. “But even so how are we going to get inside. You just said it was impossible.”
“Difficult yes, but not impossible.”
He paused his face whitening as he continued.
“There is a way into the castle,” he said, taking her hand and tracing a strange symbol onto it, the lines flickering with a soft green light. “A secret path that leads the way beneath the labyrinth but I will not be able to go with you.”
Lizzie stared up into Mac’s fearful face, her stomach tightening in knots as she looked back down at the glowing symbol on her hand, his words echoing in her ears.
“I will tell you how but you will have to enter alone.”  
Another Rescue Goes Wrong
The early morning light was blinding as they stepped from the protection of the canopy into the open wasteland, the Sea Witch’s castle towering menacingly over them, on the distant horizon. In the cold light of day, it was even more terrifying than it had been, hidden amongst the dark fog because now Lizzie could see the high walls emerging from the surrounding sea; the stones encrusted with a thick coating of green slime that oozed into the water, as if it were alive. To one side a giant water wheel turned continuously, powerfully churning up the water and sending a foaming waterfall of colours cascading into the air, the heavy cogs grinding loudly like a deathly heartbeat that filled Lizzie with terror as she gazed upwards at the battlements, her eyes drawn towards a large tower high above, her heart leaping to her throat as she suddenly heard several screeching noises filling the sky.
But Mac never slowed and they gradually grew nearer until she was soon close enough to see the huge gated entrance, guarded by several of the trolls, their eyes glinting in the bright light as they scanned the tree line in search of approaching prey. She could feel her heart thumping loudly in her chest as Mac neared them, suddenly feeling vulnerable as she caught glimpses of dark movements high above her in the shadows of the battlements. 
She held her breath, waiting for their discovery, but she needn’t have worried, Mac had been right, as long as she was with him they were unable to see her. 
She shivered glancing back up at the high tower that stood far above them and tried unsuccessfully not to think about what would happen once Mac had put her down. 
Lizzie looked around, a new wave of panic washing over her as she realised they had already reached the walls, the sickly green glow seeping into the air around her and making her shiver again. It had only taken Mac a few moments to reach the castle, but the impending sense of doom had made it feel like a lifetime and as Mac held his hand up at the edge of the wall, Lizzie felt the uncontrollable urge to run away.
“Lizzie, are you alright?” she heard Mac whisper as he held her close to his face.
Lizzie nodded unable to talk in case her words betrayed her, but she could see the fear on Mac’s face and knew she would have to act quickly before she was unable to do so.
“Mac, Thank you,” she whispered, gently wiping his tear away and softly kissing him on the cheek.
“You just come back alright,” he mumbled. “I’ll be waiting for you.” 
And then Lizzie was gone, disappearing into the sheer rock. 

******
The sun vanished behind Lizzie as she squeezed through the tight crevice; her eyesight lost in the darkness until with a last push she broke free to find herself in a small open space, her body giving a slight shudder as the temperature in the castle dropped drastically. She glanced around, letting her eyes adjust to the dim gloom and noticed that her entrance had now completely disappeared within the shadows. She breathed in deep, running her hand along the deep crevice, as the realisation that Mac had been right sunk in. She would never have found the way in if she hadn’t already known it was there and with this realisation came a sudden warmth of gratitude towards the giant that had returned to help her. There would have been no way she would have got inside these fortified walls without his help. She shuddered again thinking about the monstrous beasts that protected the castle and tried as hard as she could not to think about just how many would be inside. 
Instead, she closed her eyes and tried to concentrate on what Mac had said. 
There are markers hidden within the castle he had told her, that would show her the secret passages down to the dungeons; all she had to do was ‘trust in the magic, and the pathway would be clear’ he assured her. 
She slowly run her fingers along the magic symbol he had traced onto her palm, feeling a slight tingling sensation in her hand and as she opened her eyes and looked up saw a bright green light flare in the darkness on the other side of the cave, chasing the shadows away and revealing a narrow tunnel leading away into the depths of the castle. She approached nervously, running her hand over the smooth green stone that burnt brighter the closer she got. 
This must be the markers she thought and without hesitating stepped into the new tunnel, her feet slipping on the gravely stones beneath her as the path sloped steeply ahead. She held her hands out bracing herself against the walls as she stumbled along the winding path until eventually the gradient eased, and she found herself squeezing through a long tight passageway. 
She walked for some time before she felt a slight tingling in her palm and up ahead a green burst of light flared into the darkness. She hurried forward, gently running her fingertips across the smooth stone and realised that she was again standing at the entrance of a gap, this one incredibly narrow and slightly slanted, so she was unable to see where it led. She ran her hand along the gap suddenly reminded of a film she had seen when she was little and then taking a deep breath she stepped inside. 
It wasn’t very wide but as she stared ahead, she could now make out a bright shaft of light at the far end. She edged forwards suddenly fearful of what she might find and as she finally reached the light she paused listening for any noises coming from outside the tunnel, desperately trying to block out the images threatening to overwhelm her. 
When at last she was convinced she could hear nothing she peeked her head around the corner to find a long open passageway that led away in several directions, dull flickering candles burning dimly and lighting the paths. She peered either way and then retreated back into the safety of the shadows, her heart beating a steady rhythm in her chest.      She had made it into the castle.
Now all she had to do was find Lucas.
She took a deep breath and then checking the coast was still clear she stepped out into the exposed hallway.
Now which way she thought and as if in answer she felt a prickling in her hand and another green light erupted into life on the far side. She approached quickly and discovered another tunnel, this one a small way up the wall above her head. She stretched up and was relieved to find she could reach the new opening. She checked around her once more, alerted suddenly by a strange noise coming from far off along the passage and beginning to panic she heaved herself up to find she was now in a wide tunnel entrance. She crawled inside disappearing into the shadows and listened but the sounds grew no closer and finally satisfied she turned and began to crawl into the darkness. 
She followed this new tunnel for ages, constricted in the tight confines, twisting and turning as the green stones lit up and guided her way, squeezing through gaps and crawling under low outcroppings; all the time listening to the horrendous sounds issuing throughout the castles; the low moaning and high screeching mixing with the steady thumping that pounded through the stones beneath her. 
She crawled on, the time slipping past uncounted until she finally reached the intersection that Mac had told her about, two sets of green light flaring into the darkness, filling the small chamber with an eerie luminous glow and revealing two different pathways leading in opposite directions. 
Mac had warned her about this; had made it quite clear she was to take the left tunnel and under no circumstances should she venture the other way.  
She sat down heavily on the ground; her muscles aching and pulled her water bottle out as she stared at the two tunnels.     
Why were there two sets of stones? 
She knew the left one led to the dungeons but what about the other one. 
She slowly stretched out her cramped legs and took out the remains of her food which she ate gratefully, the taste of the fruit reminding her of the safety she had felt in Mac’s arms, and she suddenly realised it didn’t matter where the other tunnel led. 
She trusted Mac implicitly and he had warned her to only go left.
She packed away, her mind resolute and crawled into the left tunnel only to freeze instantly as a loud cry echoed through the stone walls.
“Lucas,” she whispered out loud, her heart catching in her throat.
She edged back into the main chamber, straining her ears to hear and could just make out the faint sounds of someone in pain. She crept closer to the right hand tunnel, and the voices became slightly clearer, fading as she moved away once more until as she drew near the left opening they had disappeared all together.
Confusion washed over her; maybe she’d heard Mac wrong she thought moving closer to the sounds again; maybe she had got the directions mixed up; maybe she was not supposed to go near the left tunnel. 
She shook her head. 
Either way it didn’t matter she thought as she scrambled into the right hand tunnel. Lucas was in trouble, and the sounds were coming from this direction, so this was the way she was going to have to go.
She hadn’t gone far when the floor began to rise, and Lizzie found herself inching upwards along a steep narrow path. She could hear the voices clearly now; a woman’s high dulcet tones mixed with that of a low, harsh man’s voice. She strained harder willing herself to hear Lucas’ voice, moving as fast as she could now until finally she heard him, the relief washing over her in waves.
Spurred on she climbed harder, until as the passage levelled out she found herself in a smaller chamber, a bright green stone revealing a raised ledge on the far side. She edged closer and found that she was now looking out of a wide gap and down into a brightly lit chamber. Suddenly blinded after the darkness of the tunnels she jumped backwards into the safety of her hiding place, gradually letting her eyes become accustomed to the light once more. 
It didn’t take long, the blurring rings of light fading from her sight and she peered back into the chamber, her view partially blocked by the angle of the ledge. Her eyes were immediately drawn to a large dark pool, the surface inky black and hovering just above it was the ghostly image of a tall, dark man, the figure flickering as he gestured wildly with his hands.
“Make sure you are ready,” the figure hissed. “Malaeck is on his way.”
“My Lord,” she heard an unseen female voice answer and then into view stepped a beautiful young lady with long flowing black hair. “It will be done,” the lady finished bowing low to the man.
With a sudden shimmer the figure faded, the water cascading back into the pool until it stood black and still once more.
 “Oh, it’ll be done alright,” the lady laughed nastily as she disappeared from Lizzie’s view, her disembodied voice still reaching Lizzie’s hiding place. “Only Malaeck won’t make it in time, I’m afraid.”
The lady laughed again, her voice cruel and hard as Lizzie heard Lucas’ voice moan slightly in response. 
Lucas was down there.
Taking a deep breath Lizzie forced herself to learn further over the ledge, the rest of the room flooding into view and she almost wished she hadn’t, her hand flying to her mouth, clasping it tightly to stop the yell of shock escaping from her lips. 
Standing to the far side of the room, before a large throne stood Lucas, his dishevelled body hanging limply; twitching sporadically; his face wearing a mask of anguish; his eyes glazed over in terror; his cheeks sunken and hollow. 
What had happened to him Lizzie thought her heart aching at the sight of her friend. It had only been a day. 
He stood silently now as if in a trance and as Lizzie continued to watch, the lady approached him, his body swaying slightly as she reached out to touch him. Only it wasn’t a finger that caressed his cheek but a sharp claw, and as Lizzie watched in horror, the revulsion rising in her chest, the hand began to change into a long snaking tendril that wrapped its way around Lucas’ face and neck making him cry out in pain; a low moaning sound that sent shivers down Lizzie’s spine. 
The tears sprang to her eyes as she watched helplessly as the lady tightened her hold on Lucas, his screams rising to a piercing shriek until unable to take any more he collapsed to the floor unconscious.
“Take him to the dungeons” the lady ordered dismissively and Lizzie watched in silent despair as two trolls entered and dragged the body of her fallen friend from the room.
Lizzie fell backwards into the darkness her body shaking as she tried to rid herself of the images burning through her mind.
Why hadn’t she done something; she’d just sat there.
She shuddered violently, trying to fight the panic overwhelming her, and as she got back to her knees, she had only one thought left in her head.
She had to get them out of here. 

******
She made her way back to the junction as quickly as possible, her determination carrying her down the steep slope quicker than she had climbed it and then scrambled without stopping into the left hand tunnel, her feet skidding and sliding beneath her.
The tunnel lasted for a long time, gradually winding downwards until Lizzie was finally forced to jump from a small opening in the wall to find herself standing in a small sealed chamber. She looked around puzzled unable to see any other way out other than the hole she had just crawled through and then with another flickering burst a green stone lit up on the floor, and as Lizzie moved towards it, she saw a dark opening, revealing a set of spiral stairs that disappeared into the earth below. 
She crouched down peering into the black hole, the flickering green light unable to pierce further than the first few steps and Lizzie felt the panic rise once more in her chest. She slowly ran her hand along the opening, the stones feeling wet and slippery and as she leant forward was able to hear the steady dripping of water coming from below. 
“Great,” she remarked quietly, treading down onto the first step. “It had to be water.”
She descended into the darkness, her hands clinging onto the slippery walls, as her feet slid out from underneath her, but she never fell as she continued slowly downwards, spirally continuously until she was lost in the impenetrable black, unable to see anything in any direction, as it pressed down on her smothering her like a thick blanket.              The sounds crept in around her; taunting her in the darkness; every one of them amplified as her other senses struggled with her loss of sight, the slow steady dripping of water getting heavier and heavier, the whirring thudding that shuddered through the stones, her pounding heart thumping rhythmically in her ears. 
She breathed deeply letting them wash over her; closing her mind to the panic as she calmly counted the steps; each one drawing her further into the Sea Witch’s lair, the walls around her becoming slick under her fingers, the freezing air stealing her breath until a welcoming glint of light caught her eye, and she felt the familiar warmth flood through her icy cold palm.
She hurried on, the small glimmer of light filling her with hope until with her last step she finally trod down onto a flat surface that came to an abrupt stop, the way ahead blocked by a thick solid wall. She felt around her blindly, brushing her fingertips over the rough, cracked stones as a brief moment of panic flooded over her. She was trapped. There was no way through. She had gone the wrong way.
She looked around desperately searching for the green light and was relieved to find it hidden below her feet. She knelt down running her fingers along the floor searching for the green stone; her fingers finally brushing against it, but she still couldn’t find the opening which would lead her out. She ran her hands back up the flat of the wall in front of her and was greeted by an empty space where a tiny opening led into a crawl through. She slowly traced her fingers all the way around the hole and then trying not to think about what was on the other side, pushed herself into the empty gap, her shoulders scraping both edges as she was forced to lay flat on her stomach and wriggle forward, her tired arms dragging her body into the unknown until her hand finally reached out into emptiness. 
Agitated by the confined space and the rising sounds of rushing water Lizzie hurriedly pulled herself free, dropping a few feet to land with a crumpled crash on the hard stone floor, the dim lights burning her eyes after the long crawl in the pitch black. She lay for a few seconds and then suddenly remembering that she didn’t know where she was jumped breathlessly to her feet, the blazing trails of light obscuring her vision as she looked around for any signs of danger. But she was safe and as her vision cleared was finally able to see where the sounds of water were coming from.
She appeared to be standing in a large dimly lit underground cavern that curved away at both ends into unseen passages. The walls were thick with a slimy green moss, a sticky substance oozing through the stones, dripping into stagnant pools on the ground and as Lizzie looked down realised that she was coated in the foul smelling mess, her hands now showing a mottled green tinge. 
She gagged slightly, moving further into the chamber which appeared to be empty except for a large wooden water pump that dominated most of the space, its giant cogs spinning slowly as it pumped gallons of water into several stone channels that disappeared into the roof of the room, the constant thumping of its movements echoing loudly through the enclosed space, pounding through her body and drawing her closer to the rushing water, hypnotised by its sheer power. 
She had almost reached the monstrous machine when a loud rumbling resonated through the walls, and she paused as from above two sluice gates opened and a roar of crashing water descended, pouring into a large tank at the far side and was quickly filtered once more into the pump, the gates above closing swiftly and almost drowning out the loud slam of a door behind her. 
Startled Lizzie looked around in panic, suddenly spying movement in the far tunnel and without thinking dropped to the floor, rolling instinctively under the huge bulk of the pump, holding her breath as two large bare feet came into view.
She edged backwards away from the approaching feet, trying desperately not to make any sound, her stomach lurching as the unseen person came to a sudden halt at the edge of the pump. She could see the feet clearly now; the disgusting toes gnarled and dirty like old bark, and as a wave of revulsion washed over her, she realised that if their owner were suddenly to bend down she would be seen immediately. 
It would all be over.
She strained her ears listening for movements, her anxiety creeping over her as she tried to rationalise the situation, but she couldn’t as the fear filled her mind.
Why had they stopped?
What if they could already see her?
What if she had dropped something? 
What if they could smell her?
Unable to take the risk she cautiously eased herself out from under the huge wheel, careful to keep the pump between herself and the unseen person and slowly climbed up onto the lowest part of the moving cogs, walking carefully on the spot, so she was not carried round into view. She was still incapable of seeing the other person, but she could sense their movement as they suddenly knelt, peering under the huge pump, to where she had been hiding only moments before and then standing once more when they found it empty. But they didn’t leave instead standing motionless as Lizzie desperately tried to balance on the moving wheel, climbing over and ducking under the giant spinning cogs as they passed near her, steadily drawing her nearer to the huge water tank.
She watched closely trying her hardest to move further away once more, but the wheels were becoming increasingly slippery as the droplets of water showered down on her from above, the cold spray splashing against her burning skin and Lizzie knew that it would not be long before she slipped or worse the gates would open and drown her in a torrent of icy water.
She gripped on tighter, silently praying and was relieved to hear the sound of retreating footsteps disappearing under the sudden rumbling beneath her. Knowing what was coming Lizzie hurled herself from the pump landing hard on the stone floor and rolling to safety as the gate above opened, and a deluge of water rained down covering her with a glistening burst of icy coldness. 
She stumbled to her feet pressing herself flat against the wall in case her actions had drawn any attention, but the chamber remained silent and as she steadied her shaking hands, followed the wall around into the dark tunnel she had seen the shadow first enter from.  
The passageway here wasn’t wide but disappeared into the distance, rising upwards slightly as Lizzie spied another set of stone steps. To one side stood a single doorway set into the stone, and as Lizzie moved towards it, she hoped with all her heart that this was where Lucas was being kept. 
She reached it quickly, searching for a keyhole, but the door was blank, locked only by a heavy iron bolt which not matter how hard she tried could not lift. She heaved and pulled, the metal grinding uselessly in her hands until she kicked out in frustration, her foot banging heavily into the solid door, an angry yell rising in her throat. 
After everything she’d been through she was now being beaten by a stiff lock.  She stepped away from the door unwilling to accept defeat and breathed deeply, placing both hands over the handle and putting all her weight behind it heaved on the door, the grinding bolt eventually giving with a loud booming crash. 
Lizzie froze, the sound reverberating through the silent tunnels but no one came, the passage remaining empty and so with the adrenaline rushing through her veins she pushed against the heavy door forcing in slightly open and slipping quickly inside to find herself standing in a small dark cell, lit only by a tiny flickering candle that filled the room with shadows. 
She peered into the gloom her eyes drawn to an eerie green glow in the far corner and thinking it might be another marker moved towards it only to discover a small pool of iridescent green water. She watched curiously as dark figures swam beneath the surface until a slight groan suddenly made her jump, and she turned to see movement almost lost within the shadows of the corner. 
She moved closer, her heart shattering as she found the crumpled form of Lucas curled tightly into a ball on the cold, wet floor shivering madly beneath a thin, tattered blanket.
“Luke,” she whispered, kneeling beside him, gently brushing the hair from his face; her hands shuddering as they touched his burning hot skin.
He stirred slightly, his eyes fluttering as he looked up at her with unseeing eyes.
“Luke,” she repeated reassuringly. “It’s going to be alright. We just need to get you out of here.”
“Lizzie?” she heard him croak, his voice thick and cracked.
“Shh, it’s alright,” she answered, standing once more and quickly checking the doorway. 
“Lizzie?” he repeated, his voice sounding stronger this time, “I knew you’d come.”
She turned back to face him a sudden flicker of apprehension creeping over her at the sound of his voice and watched as he deftly got to his feet, letting the blanket fall to the ground. 
“In fact, I was counting on it,” he retorted cruelly as he turned holding his sword up to her throat.
Lizzie gasped in horror as she saw the look on Lucas’ face, a cold rush of dread sweeping through her body.
It was a trap.
She wasn’t sure what had happened, but he’d tricked her and as they stood staring at each other Lizzie heard the sound of slow clapping echoing through the small cell as out of the shadows stepped the young Sea Witch, her iridescent black hair glistening in the gloom.
“Bravo,” she applauded approaching and placing her hand affectionately across Lucas’ chest. “I almost believed it myself.”
“I know,” Lucas grinned turning to the Witch, “Did you see her face?”
Lizzie felt like she’d been slapped, a distant memory from what felt like a lifetime ago hurtling through her head, as she stared at Lucas’ cold hard face unable to believe it was still her friend. 
Seeing the stunned look on her face the Sea Witch smiled.
“I think we’ll leave our new guest to settle in and then I have a few questions I’d like to ask her,” she remarked, laughing slightly as they turned towards the door. 
“Luke?” Lizzie whispered the sound catching in her throat as Lucas glared back at her in disgust. “I don’t…” she faltered unable to finish her sentence as Lucas suddenly moved forward as if remembering something and forcefully pulled her closer gripping her tightly by the belt as he slowly undid it.
“Don’t want you getting any ideas now do we,” he remarked nastily as he pulled her sword free and then pushed her backwards again, her knees buckling beneath her, and she fell to the floor the defeat crashing down on her as she listened to the retreating laughter, as the heavy door slammed shut with a final resounding thud.
Betrayed
Unable to move Lizzie sat frozen staring at the cell door, a tight lump rising in her throat, the wind knocked from her body as she struggled with what had just happened; the weight of it bearing down on her mercilessly as the tears rose to her eyes.  
She fiercely wiped at them desperately trying to remove all signs of her weakness, but it was no use, as the hot salty tears continued to stream down her face, leaving streaky tracks on her grimy skin. 
How? She thought. It had only been a day. What had happened to her friend to make him… She couldn’t think about it, didn’t want to see his face or hear his cold voice; like a nightmare she was unable to wake from.
A sudden noise made her jump, and she huddled closer to the wall, pressing her shivering body against it, as a small boy stepped out of the shadows.
“It’s the Witch’s magic,” he said as if reading her thoughts. “It feeds on emotions, like fear and anger, corrupting people until they are completely consumed, and they lose themselves to her darkness, becoming one of her mindless servants. It’s either that or die.”
 “A magic spell?” Lizzie said incredulously. 
“The worst,” he answered solemnly, “You can’t fight it. It finds everyone’s weakness eventually. It seems to work easier on men though, mainly because they’re easily fooled by her beauty.”
“So how do you break it?” she asked.
“You can’t.”
Lizzie felt a cold sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach as the boys words sunk in. 
It couldn’t all have been for nothing. She couldn’t just give up.
“There must be some way. I can’t just leave him like this.”
He smiled sympathetically.
“Honestly, your friend seemed really nice when he got here but I’d forget him now. His change was quick, really quick, his anger overwhelming and he’s too far gone now…”
“I can’t,” she said, “Lucas is my friend, and I won’t give up on him.”
“You may not have a choice,” he answered.
They lapsed into an awkward silence and then with a nervous twitch the boy sprang to his feet.
“Quick,” he whispered, pulling at her arm.
“What is it?” she asked.
“There isn’t time, just trust me.”
She let herself be pulled to the far side of the cell and watched as he climbed a short distance up the wall and then disappeared, his head appearing seconds later from an invisible hiding place. 
She scrambled up after him, and pulled herself into a small cubby hole worn into the stone surface. It was just big enough to hold both of them, and Lizzie was about to ask what they were doing when the boy held his finger to his lips.
She quietened instead and turned her attention back to the dank cell they had just left, the boy beside her staring intently into the darkness.
After a few minutes she heard a soft snuffling sound and then a small creature climbed out of the pool of yellow water, she had been sitting beside. 
Lizzie had never seen anything like it in her life.
It was about the same size as a small cat, with a large bulbous head resting on top of an emaciated body and several tiny tendrils, acting as arms and legs, with slimy webbed fingers at the bottom. 
The entire thing was transparent, reminding Lizzie of a jellyfish, if a jellyfish could stand up outside of the water, and as Lizzie stared she saw that it had no eyes but was using a small flap at the front of its face as a nose, so that it could smell its surroundings. They continued to watch in silence as the strange creature scuttled around the cell occasionally pausing and sniffing before progressing with its search until seemingly satisfied it disappeared once more into the water.
“That was close,” the boy whispered after a short while.
“What was that thing?” Lizzie asked.
“A Grameel,” he said, “They don’t usually come out of the water unless they smell blood, but I guess they can sense the Sea Witch. It’s a good job they can’t climb.”
“Why, it seemed harmless enough?”
The boy stared at her in shock his eyes opening wide.
“Harmless,” he remarked, “That thing would strip all the flesh from your bones in fifteen minutes. Ten if it was hungry.”
“Really,” Lizzie replied in disbelief. “I guess I owe you one then.” 
The boy laughed, the noise sounding strange and distorted in their dismal surroundings and then they lapsed once more into a comfortable silence, until after a short time the boy spoke again.
“Someone’s coming.”
“How can you tell?” Lizzie asked, staring out into the cell, but the boy merely shook his head as they heard the heavy bolts once more pulled aside and the door swing open. Lizzie’s heart was racing now, the blood pounding in her ears as she sat motionless beside the small boy, her breath catching in her throat as the trolls entered the cell. Last night from a distance she had thought them frightening, but she’d had Mac & Brax to protect her then. Now she was alone and up close they were truly terrifying, waves of pure evil emanating from them as they dragged her from her hiding place out into the complex labyrinth of tunnels beneath the castle, their long clawed hands digging into her arms as she was led onwards unable to see much in the dimly lit passageways. 
She occasionally caught sight of one of Mac’s markers, the green stones suddenly flaring brighter as they reacted to the magic traced on her palm but neither of the trolls noticed as they  pushed her roughly up a long flight of steps into a large bright room. 
The itching sensation struck her as soon as she entered; a sickening crawling feeling that slowly spread through her body, forcing her to gag as she struggled to stop herself from being sick, the bile rising to her lips as she was forced further inside and looking around at her surrounding she realised that she was now standing in the chamber she had watched Lucas in only hours earlier, the room now empty, the black pool dormant and lifeless. 
She shuddered involuntarily as with a hard shove the troll knocked her to her knees, and she found herself on the floor in front of an impressive altar dominated by a beautiful carved throne. 
Upon the throne sat the Sea Witch Feeola, her face a serene, beautiful mask that was marred only slightly by a small petulant frown across her forehead as she stared down at Lizzie with interest.
Lizzie slowly got to her feet matching Feeola’s stare as the Sea Witch also stood.  
“So my child, how do you like my home so far?” Feeola asked sweetly as she rose and approached, gently reaching out and stroking Lizzie’s cheek in a soft caress.
Lizzie shrugged her off, stepping backwards as the dizziness washed over her again, the crawling sensation creeping up the back of her neck making the hairs stand on end, and she shivered in repulsion as the Witch stared at her in surprise. 
Lizzie glared back a sudden hatred filling her as she watched Feeola return to her throne and noticed for the first time that Lucas had entered and was now standing beside it. 
“So is this how you welcome all your guests?” Lizzie asked icily.
“Guests don’t break in uninvited,” Feeola remarked.
“Oh, I’m sorry next time I’ll send a fanfare to announce my arrival, that way you can make sure the welcoming party’s ready.”
Feeola laughed loudly.
“Next time?” she said smiling, “I’m not sure how you got into my home, but I can assure you right now, there won’t be a next time. Or did you just think I was going to let you leave?”
“Are you threatening me?” Lizzie asked, an uncontrollable anger rising in her chest.
“Do I look like I need to threaten you?” she mocked, motioning to Lucas and then returning her attention back to Lizzie.
“What the hell do you want with us?” Lizzie asked as Lucas quickly descended the steps to stand in front of her, a sickly grin on his face. 
“Lucas tells me you are quite skilled with a sword,” she said, ignoring Lizzie’s question.
“And?” Lizzie snapped back.
“And,” the Witch retorted, “I am trying to decide if you are worth keeping or if I should just kill you now.”
Lizzie took a step backwards, the itching feeling crawling across her skin once more, as Lucas pushed her stolen sword into her hands and then stepped backwards, preparing to draw his own sword.
She looked up in horror and watched as a cold grimace spread across his face.
“You don’t really think you beat me all those times because you were better than me?” he sneered drawing his sword, “Playtimes over Lizzie. Let’s see what you’ve got?”
“I won’t fight you Luke,” she whispered, throwing her sword at his feet, the loud ringing echoing on the stone floor as he moved forwards and forcefully hit her, the back of his hand striking her with a hard blow across the face and she staggered back the shock washing over.
“I don’t remember saying you had a choice,” the Witch laughed cruelly.
“Luke,” Lizzie begged, the realisation dawning on her as Lucas retrieved her sword and pushed it roughly back into her hands. “Please, what happened to you?” 
But Lucas wasn’t listening as he once more readied his sword to attack.
“What did you do to him?” Lizzie yelled, turning on the Witch. 
“Nothing compared with what I’m going to do to you,” Feeola smiled, “Now it’s simple. You either fight or you die.”
Lizzie stepped back just barely avoiding the first swing as it whistled past her, the biting sting of the strike missing her by inches and then Lucas rounded, attacking her again with a heavy blow, forcing Lizzie instinctively to raise her arm, deflecting the hit on her un-drawn sword; the scabbard screaming out in protest as Lucas’ sword struck it hard. 
Lizzie jumped back, still unwilling to fight, using her scabbard for protection as Lucas attacked again and again, a cold gleaming hatred burning across his face. 
It was just a spell she thought staring into his eyes; her friend was still in there all she had to do was reach him; to find someway through the magic but how?  
If only she could get him to talk to her, maybe just maybe she could break the spell but her pleading words fell on deaf ears as he forced her further and further into the centre of the room, unrelenting in his assault.    
Lizzie could now see the stone pool to one side, to the other the heavily guarded door leading back to the safety of the tunnels but behind her now stood a large glass door leading out to a small patio. If she could get him outside she thought, she might have a chance.
She feinted left then turned, quickly ducking under his arm and trying to run for the door, but he’d seen it coming and before she could move he slammed into her, her sword flying from her grasp and skittering across the stones to rest by the pool, but he never slowed and as he brought his sword down, trying to crush her she dived sideways after her fallen weapon, scooping it clean from its scabbard and rolling to a kneeling position as his sword finally struck the cold metal of her own sword, the blades clashing with an almighty scream, as sparks filled the air between them.
“Please Luke, don’t do this,” she begged, straining under the weight of his blade but he ignored her pushing harder and forcing her backwards.
She stood her ground though, resisting his onslaught until with a huge heave she shoved him away from her and was finally able to get to her feet.
“So you ready to play now?” he asked as they began to circle each other.
“You know I’ll beat you,” she answered.
“Don’t make me laugh,” he smirked, suddenly lunging forward forcing her to parry, her movement smooth and skilled as she struck back hard and fast, making him stagger under her blow.
He rounded on her once more their blades making contact time and time again, the movements familiar after so many times of practising together and Lizzie was suddenly reminded of the training grounds at Castle Valista. 
It felt so long ago now, that they had fought in jest, but Lizzie now knew that this was no game and if she dropped her guard once it would be over and so she cleared her mind and concentrated on how Tae had taught her.
Watch your opponent she thought, see their movements before they make them; keep calm and never let your anger get the better of you.
She breathed deeply slowly pacing Lucas as he watched her, matching him strike for strike as he desperately tried to hit her but no matter how hard he tried she blocked him every time until as his judgement clouded and his anger grew, his blows became more and more erratic, as he lashed out chaotically in his desire to hurt her. 
But Lizzie never faltered and as he charged at her, his sword swinging madly she ducked under the blow easily and brought her sword down, the flat of it catching him with a sharp stinging slap across the back of his thigh.
His knee buckled and he staggered forward catching himself before he fell to the floor and as he rounded on Lizzie once more, the hatred flared across his face.
“That’s the last time you touch me,” he hissed, glaring at her but despite his strength and his skill he could not break through her guard as she continually broke his, her strikes not intended to injure; bringing only humiliation as the fury blazed across his face, the anger making his movements even more rash as he desperately tried to hit her, all skill soon forgot as he lashed out with wild heavy blows until as they both struggled for breath they stopped staring at each other in defiance.
Lizzie could feel her heart beating hard now, the adrenaline rushing through her body but she wasn’t sure how much more she could take and as she looked up caught sight of Feeola’s face, her eyes bright with excitement and Lizzie suddenly realised that this was what the Witch had wanted all along; his anger was how she was controlling him, the magic feeding off his rage; eating away all his humanity until there was nothing of her friend left, but this evil monster that now stood before her and Lizzie wasn’t sure if there was anything left she could do about it. 
She stared back at his enraged face through tear laden lashes and as he readied his sword she stepped back lowering her weapon.
“Finish her,” Feeola yelled from behind him. 
“I don’t want to fight you Luke,” she said, holding her hands up in defeat but Lucas’ fury was unstoppable as he attacked mercilessly, his first blow striking the sword from her hands, driving her to her knees and then he rounded again bringing his sword down heavily as  Lizzie automatically raised her left arm to defend herself. 
The sword struck with a bone juddering shudder, the impact so intense it would have shattered the arm to pieces, if not for the protection of her cloak, which deflected the blow easily.
Lizzie looked up in horror lowering her arm as Lucas stared down at her grinning.
“Now that’s not very fair, is it?” he mocked nastily.
“Please Luke….” she began only to be interrupted by the cold voice of the Sea Witch behind him.
“Take it from her,” Feeola ordered.
Lizzie gasped as the two trolls appeared once more, and she suddenly felt herself being lifted from behind as strong arms gripped her cloak and tried to pull it free, the fabric catching at her neck where it was clasped tightly shut by her dragon brooch. 
She could feel the sharp point of its wing digging into her skin, as the arms shook her violently, her hands scrabbling awkwardly at her neck trying to release the catch, her lungs beginning to burn as the breath was stolen from her body, but the brooch held, her fingers frantically pulling at the metal, her legs swinging helplessly below her until with a final tug the pin gave and the brooch came away in her hands as she fell gasping to the floor. 
She looked up as she heard footsteps approaching; the tears beginning to run down her cheeks and was horrified to see Lucas standing over her, his face blank and emotionless as he leant down, gripping the front of her tunic and lifted her from the floor. 
“Luke, please,” she begged already knowing that it was too late.

******
Lucas stared down at the face from his dreams, her bright clear eyes pleading with him, her tears gently trickling onto his fingers but he felt no comfort from her this time, no remorse, only anger and hatred that she would try to keep him away from his true mistress. 
He gripped her tighter enjoying the thrill of power rushing over him, the intoxicating thirst insatiable as he soaked up the fear he felt from her. 
How could he ever have found her beautiful; she was a weak pathetic little girl that paled in comparison every time he thought of his mistress Feeola?
He threw her backwards in disgust, watching as her body crumpled to the ground and then with a sudden sharp intensity an image burst into his head. 
He could see Lizzie, but not broken and defeated as she was now but wearing a long green dress, her hair fanning out around her as she danced, spinning and twirling a radiant smile lighting up her face. 
Lucas staggered backwards his hand clutching his chest as a surge of pain erupted through his body, his sword falling uselessly to the floor. He stumbled reaching out and catching the edge of the stone pool for balance; his legs suddenly weak, as the fire ripped through him in intense waves of agony. 
He looked down at Lizzie and for a brief moment his reality was restored, the small glimmer of his soul that had been buried beneath the rage, resurfaced and he cried out desperately trying to hang on to the truth around him. 
“Lizzie,” he whispered weakly, seeing her lips moving but unable to hear her words as she reached out towards him. 
He tried to step forwards somehow knowing that if he could just reach her, just touch her hand, then everything would be alright, that the pain and anger would vanish, and he would be free but he couldn’t move; frozen in place, trapped within a dream and unable to gain even one step as Lizzie slipped further and further away from him.
He tried to call out; the sound little more than a whisper but it was as if his lungs were filled with water, his breath coming in short sharp gasps as he struggled against the irrational panic that was overwhelming him, and he fell to his knees, his head suddenly filled with the warm, sweet smell of flowers. 
He looked up and saw Lizzie only a few paces away from him, desperately trying to reach him, her arms restrained by two monstrous creatures and breathing hard he tried to move forwards once more, but he couldn’t do it and as the image began to flicker and distort he felt the silky soft caress of the Sea Witch across his face. 
He closed his eyes as a shiver run through him, and he felt her warm breath brush against his neck and her hand reach protectively across his chest.
“Lucas,” he heard her whisper huskily in his ear as another wave of warmth washed over him. “You’re not going to leave me are you? You’re not going to let her take you from me?”
He swayed slightly, letting her gentle stroking guide him to his feet as the power rose once more inside him, the anger returning. 
“Luke,” he heard Lizzie suddenly scream the noise deafening within the empty chamber, and his eyes flew open to look down on her once more, his heart pounding in his chest but it was too late, the magic too strong and he turned away from her, listening instead to the Witch’s cruel cold laughter mixing with Lizzie’s screams as she was dragged helplessly from the room. 
The Monster Within
“You’re alright,” a surprised voice said, breaking through Lizzie’s dreams, and she opened her eyes to find the small boy leaning over her.
“Yeah, just great,” she remarked, sitting up and stretching her aching body, her hand straying up to a large lump on the back of her head, from the blow which had finally knocked her unconscious, as she was dragged from the chamber, “Never felt better.”
“But you’re not sick. There’s no fever.”
“Should there be?” she inquired.
The little boy’s face broke into a beautiful smile as he flung himself forwards and hugged her tightly.
Slightly surprised by his actions Lizzie smiled as the boys closeness filled her with a sense of peace, his small act of compassion breaking away all the fear she felt. She hugged him back, suddenly grateful for his presence and as he pulled away, looking at his tear streaked face she was left wondering just how long he had been waiting for that hug.  “I’m sorry,” the little boy mumbled his cheeks turning pink with embarrassment. “It’s just I’ve never met anyone else who the magic didn’t affect before. It’s kind of a relief.”    
Lizzie smiled taking the boys hands in her own and squeezing them gently. 
“It doesn’t help us get out of here though, does it,” she remarked, shaking her head in frustration. “If we could just get into the tunnels, I could find the markers easily but I just can’t….” 
“Leave him,” the boy finished.
Lizzie nodded.
“I know it sounds stupid but I’m not ready to give up on him yet. I still need to believe I can reach him. That my friend is still somewhere inside.”
The little boy smiled weakly, squeezing her hands again.
“I hope for your sake you’re right,” he whispered, “Because he’s coming.”

******
Lucas strode down the dungeon steps; the power intoxicating as it rushed through his body, the familiar warmth unwavering in the chill dank passage as his fingers traced along the cold stone walls and his breath formed tiny clouds of air around him. 
He’d forgotten how good it felt, how strong it made him feel; like he was untouchable. He hadn’t felt like this in a long time, his inner monster finally free from where it had hidden dormant deep inside him, his unwillingness to let that part of him show, gone because he now no longer needed to worry. 
Feeola had given him a way out, a way to escape, a way to no longer listen to the voices inside his head and he had never felt so free in his whole life.
It had been hard at first to ignore those voices, his conscious screaming out that it was wrong; that he should fight it, but the power was too strong, burning in his veins like poison until there was nearly nothing of him left; feeding on his anger born of years of loathing, years of hatred towards himself; towards his Mum but especially towards his Dad. 
There had been one brief moment when he had seen Lizzie that he had faltered; had longed to reach out to her but that feeling had passed, washed away on a wave of yearning as he was enveloped once more by the sweet smell of flowers and although he could still feel that tiny flicker of remorse buried within him it was now quickly being smothered as the rush of energy flowed through him, washing away all the fear, the hurt, the guilt, that had been eating away at him for years.
He sighed deeply as he approached the cell door and with no apprehension abruptly entered, smiling to himself as he thought of Feeola; her silky voice, her warm caress, her beautiful face and realised that none of it mattered any longer as long as he was with her. Lizzie was waiting for him as he stepped inside, her face a mask of fear and Lucas suddenly felt an uncontrollable urge to lash out and hurt her; to punish her for trying to take him away from his new mistress but he shrugged the impulse away instead motioning for the guards to bring her as he led the way silently back to the throne room. He never talked as he walked beside her, his manner cold as she tried unsuccessfully to catch his eye until as they approached Feeola’s chamber she reached out, touching his arm gently and sending an electric shock racing through his body. 
He turned to face her, his breath catching in his throat but he was unable to respond as the closest troll grabbed her fiercely, dragging her into the throne room and throwing her in a heap at the Sea Witch’s feet.
He shrugged shaking the momentary panic away and approached, watching Lizzie clamber to her feet as Feeola began to speak.
“Now I don’t know how you keep resisting me,” she hissed nastily, reaching out and stroking Lizzie’s face, “But you’ll break. They always do.”
Lizzie shuddered pulling away, shrugging free from her touch, and Lucas stepped forward to stop her, grabbing her forcefully by the hair and holding her still as the Sea Witch gripped her tightly by the face.
Lucas grinned as he felt the power rising inside him at the touch, his thirst for pain overwhelming as he wound his fingers tightly into her hair, but this time he could feel something else; a strange itching sensation creeping through his flesh like probing fingers trying to find a way beneath his skin and he pulled his hand away as a wave of revulsion hit him. 
He staggered backwards as Feeola watched him carefully and then she turned her attention back to Lizzie.
“Not so talkative this time, are we,” she mocked, sitting back down on her throne, “But see, I have some questions I need you to answer for me.”
“You can ask as many as you want,” Lizzie snapped, “But I have nothing to say to you,”
Feeola grinned.
“Really, then this should be even more fun than I thought,” she laughed waving her hand. Lucas saw her gesture and stepped forward, hitting Lizzie hard across the back and driving her to her knees, a small startled gasp of pain escaping from her lips.
She turned to look at him; her face shocked and another wave of anger washed over him.  
He stepped forward grabbing her fiercely by the hair, ignoring the dizzying sensation that hit him, and forced her head backwards, so she was looking up at the Sea Witch.
She cried out in pain, trying to pull free but the more she struggled, the more the rage rose inside him. A flood of red haze blocking out all rational thought as he gave into the anger, and he held on tighter, his knuckles turning white; soaking up her fear and anguish as Feeola asked her question after question.
He could hear her strangled answers, her defiance, the pain in her voice, but he no longer cared, all he could focus on was the burning in his chest; the uncontrollable shake in his hand as he longed to hurt her even more until his mind went blank, and he could feel nothing but the pounding of his blood through his veins and the frantic beating of his heart. 

******
The sound of thunder echoed loudly as the power of the storm struck the stones deep within the dungeons, the small dank cell flooding with black oily water; the strong salty smell acrid and sharp as the sea levels rose, forcing Lizzie and the small boy to the safety of his hiding place high up in the wall.
Lizzie no longer knew how long she had been kept there; time losing all meaning as the hours and days slipped away unnoticed as her body became exhausted and weak with starvation. She slept fitfully, a reoccurring nightmare haunting her dreams but nothing could have been worse than the reality she was forced to awake in; the pain that she suffered, the anguish she felt every time she looked upon the face of her lost friend. 
She looked over at where the small boy lay huddled beside her his head of thick matted dreadlocks resting on her lap, and she shivered unable to comprehend how he had lasted so long. 
She wasn’t sure if she would be able to take much more.
She forced her cramped legs out from beneath her, her aching muscles screaming in protest and as she did so felt a sharp stabbing pain in her left calf.
Moving the boy gently, she laid him on the bunched up blanket that she was leaning against and moved to pull her boot off, feeling another twinge as she did so and then as the boot came free she felt the smooth cool, metal of her dragon brooch fall into her hand; the overwhelming comfort startling her in her dark surroundings, and she closed her hand tightly feeling the familiar surge of warmth rush through her body.  
She let it wash over her, the feeling seeping through her tired muscles and then she opened her palm once more to stare at her treasured possession.
“Wow,” she suddenly heard the little boy say as he sat up, his eyes drawn to the silver brooch Lizzie was holding. “That’s incredible.”
Lizzie smiled running her fingers over the cool metal, pleased by his reaction.
“My Dad gave it to me before he died,” she said quietly, holding it out for him to take. 
He took it cautiously, feeling the weight of it, examining it from every angle before gently stroking the smooth lines of the dragon.
“It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” he whispered reverently, a huge smile spreading across his face.
Lizzie smiled unable to help herself, the warm feeling spreading through her chest as she watched the little boy staring at her brooch, their horrendous conditions forgotten even for only the briefest of moments.
“I tell you what,” she said. “Why don’t you hang onto it for a while for me. I really don’t want them to take it. I’m surprised they haven’t found it already.”
“Really?” he asked, his eyes lighting up again. 
“Really,” she replied, seeing the excitement flicker across his face.
“I’ll take good care of it,” he whispered. “I promise.”
“I know you will,” she answered as they settled back down, the boy resting his head softly onto her shoulder as he sat staring at the brooch, while Lizzie desperately tried to hang on to that brief flicker of happiness she had felt and which was now slowly slipping away until she finally realised that there was nothing left inside her now but the cold empty feeling of dread and fear.
Lost Hope
Lizzie was awakened by strong, sharp claws digging into her arms as she was half dragged; half carried from the cell by two large trolls.
She never flinched at their touch this time, never struggled, she knew what was coming, and she would not let them break her. 
She was stronger than that.
She glanced around briefly scanning the dimly lit passageways for markers as she was carried through until once again they reached the throne room, and she was unceremoniously dumped onto the cold stone floor. 
She pulled herself to her knees and then slowly stood up defiantly looking around for Lucas.
But he was not there.
Instead, the Sea Witch Feeola lounged casually across her ornate crystal throne, her legs swinging backwards and forwards like an impatient school child.
“I have to say I’m almost impressed,” she uttered her words smooth and soft like velvet. Lizzie shivered the sudden need to be sick rising in her throat as the words lightly caressed her skin like silk. 
She wasn’t sure, but something felt different this time, the air was thicker, sweeter; like the smell of overpowering flowers, threatening to smother her and she suddenly felt dizzy. 
She shook her head glaring coldly at the Sea Witch as she rose from her chair and made her way towards Lizzie, continuing to talk.
“I was sure you would be dead by now,” she began, “But sadly I was wrong. I guess it just leaves me wondering, why not?”
“I don’t know,” Lizzie shot back, “Why don’t you tell me, seeing as you’re so powerful and all.”
“Oh, I like that,” Feeola smiled, reaching out to stroke Lizzie’s face. “Little bit of spirit still in there; a little bit of anger. You really would make a good addition to my home. Are you sure you won’t change your mind and join me?”
“Never,” Lizzie spat. “I don’t know what you did to Lucas but I’d rather die than become like him.”
“I’m sure that can be arranged,” the Sea Witch hissed her features changing to reveal a wide smile filled with rows of teeth.
Lizzie flinched in horror at finally seeing the creature up close, the fingers resting on her face, elongating into sharp tendrils as the Sea Witch began transforming, her true face appearing and repulsed by the hideous creature’s touch she stepped backwards only to be stopped by a figure behind her. 
Lizzie turned quickly to find Lucas standing there, his eyes gleaming red with excitement as the Sea Witch drew nearer. 
She struggled, her fear rising, as he grabbed her hard by the hair, holding her from behind as the Sea Witch’s deformed hand grabbed her tightly around the throat and began to strangle the breath from her lungs but just as Lizzie thought all hope was lost, there was a sudden white blaze of light, that burst through the room and sent the Sea Witch flying backwards onto the floor, a deafening scream tearing from her lips.
“Search her now,” she demanded as she got to her feet once more. “There must be something protecting her, something we have missed.”
“There were no other gifts, Mistress,” Lucas answered. “We have them all.” 
“You dare to argue with me?” she barked.
“No My Queen,” Lucas grovelled, “I will check again.”
He moved quickly so that he was now standing in front of Lizzie, his cold face inches from hers, glaring at her with hatred as he began to roughly search her, his hands hard and aggressive until finally he reached her chest where the necklace Tae had given her still hung hidden beneath her tunic. 
“So what do we have here, then?” he asked, grinning as he sharply pulled her tunic buttons open to reveal the necklace. “You’ve been keeping secrets from me Lizzie,” he mocked. “Now that’s not very nice is it?”
“Get your hands off me,” she hissed.
“Or what?”
She pulled away from him only to be grabbed once more by the Sea Witch, a hiss of rage bursting from inside her as she saw the necklace.
“Where did you get that from?” she demanded.
Lizzie glared into the Sea Witch’s face; its beautiful mask now restored but Lizzie wasn’t fooled. She knew what lay beneath the façade, and she looked away refusing to answer as Feeola’s grip tightened.
“Take it off her.” 
Lucas moved closer grabbing at the necklace but as he did so there was another smaller burst of light and he withdrew his hand. He tried again, this time reaching for the clasp but was again stopped by the white light burning his hand.
“I can’t,” he said confused. “What is it? Why can’t I take it off?”
“If I am not mistaken it is a protection angel,” Feeola replied, tracing her fingers along the lines of the necklace without touching it. “Forged by dragon’s breath; it gives the possessor complete magical protection. It is very rare and may only be removed by the wearer.” 
She withdrew her hand a look of curious awe in her eyes as she smiled coldly at Lizzie. “There was only a few of them ever made; so I will ask you one more time. Where did you get it from?”
Lizzie looked away in defiance, closing her eyes and breathing deeply as the first blow struck her, sending her spinning to the floor.
She lay still for a moment unwilling to move until she felt Lucas grab her hair from behind and lift her to her feet.
“You really need to take that necklace of Lizzie,” he remarked almost friendly.
“Why don’t you make me,” she shot back.
“Are you trying to wind me up?” he asked, striking her again.
She fell to the floor landing on her back, the wind knocked from her body but as she gasped for air, pulling herself back up again to her knees a loud laugh broke from her lips.
“Is that all you’ve got?” she mocked.
She watched the expression on his face darken as his hand moved to his sword.
“You know what. Why don’t I just kill you now and save us all the trouble,” he spat. 
“Lucas,” Feeola threatened, restraining his arm.
He shook her off angrily, moving over to Lizzie and dragged her struggling body towards the stone pool at the back of the chamber. 
A new wave of panic swept over her as the realisation of what was to happen dawned on, her and she quickly took a deep breath as her head was forced under the icy cold water and held there as she thrashed helplessly beneath his hands, but just as she thought she could take no more he pulled her free and held her close to his face. 
“Who gave it to you?” he asked.
Unable to answer she stared at him, the fear steadily growing, her heart thumping so loudly in her chest she thought it would explode. 
She shook her head slowly and felt his strong hands forcing her once more into the water. He held her under a little longer this time, and when he finally released her, she collapsed to the floor coughing and choking as the cold water burnt her lungs. 
“Who gave it to you?”
“What does it matter,” she choked, struggling to get up.
“Because I’ve never seen it, and I want to know where you got it,” he answered, motioning to the guards to stand her up.
She felt their rough hands lift her, her body swinging like a rag doll between their giant bodies, unable to stand unaided, a feeling of despair creeping over her as she looked up into Lucas’ face but this time she not only saw anger and hate; she saw jealousy.
It was killing him that someone had given her the gift.
“You’re insane,” she whispered.
“Maybe, but you’re going to answer me.”
“No,” she hissed.
She felt the sting of the back of his hand as it struck her face hard, and she slumped lower into the guard’s arms.
“Answer me,” he screamed.
But Lizzie was past caring, the pain bursting through her body as he hit her again, the breath being beaten from her body as she hung looking up at him her eyes pleading with him to stop; to be her friend but there was nothing there as he stared angrily at her. 
Please let him stop she thought. 
“Who gave you the necklace, Lizzie?” he asked once more, drawing back his hand.
“Tae,” she gasped unable to take any more.
She watched the sneer spread across his face, the hatred rippling through him at the sounds of the other boy’s name.
“Take it off,” he spat.
“No,” she said, looking up defiantly as the clawed hands dug deeper into her skin.
“Take it off now,” he ordered, grabbing her chin. “Or I promise you, I’ll make you pay.” She turned, pulling her face from his grasp, and he stepped back, motioning to the guards to release her as he did so, and she collapsed to the floor at his feet.
“Take it off now,” he repeated, drawing his sword and pointing it at her.
She knelt up slowly, her trembling fingers fumbling with the tiny clasp at her neck and after a few tries she caught the catch and felt the cool chain slip from her throat. She was about to catch it when the pain burst through her body, the searing heat exploding in her chest and head and she fell backwards to the floor watching helplessly as the silver angel dropped to the ground in front of her. 
Why had she taken it off she scolded herself silently; nothing could have been worse than this torture.
She reached out desperately trying to grab it again, the waves of excruciating agony washing over her; the strong smell of flowers filling her nostrils, but her hand was stopped, pinned to the floor by Lucas’ heavy boot. 
She watched powerless, amidst the haze of pain as he bent down, scooping up the precious angel, the silvery wings glittering in the dim light as it swung from his fingertips and then he grinned as the world around her turned black.

******
Lizzie awoke once more inside the small dingy cell every inch of her aching, her head pounding as the residue of the witch’s magic still coursed through her body. 
She struggled to sit up, her muscles screaming in protest; her head swimming; a strange metallic taste burning in the back of her throat and as the room around her stopped spinning she saw the face of the young boy staring at her, a worried expression across his grimy face.
“The first time is always the worse,” he said quietly, offering her a small cup of water.   She gingerly took the tin cup from him, her hands shaking so badly she was unable to reach her mouth, the stale water spilling down her front as he was forced to place his hands around hers and help her raise the cup to her lips. 
She gently sipped; the bitter water tasting disgusting but refreshing as the icy cold washed away the nasty taste in her throat.
“How long was I out?” she croaked, once she had finished.
“Nearly all day, I think. It’s hard to tell in here,” he answered.
“I hurt everywhere,” she said, stretching her arms.
“It’s the Witch’s magic,” he replied. “It does that to you and she’s getting stronger all the time now. Not many people resist for long. You either choose to follow her, or you die.” “So how come you’re still here?” she asked.
“Her magic doesn’t work on me.”
“Really?”
He nodded.
“No magic does. Good or bad. I can feel it all the time as if the magic’s a part of me, and so it has no control.”
“Trust me you’re lucky,” she said smiling.
“I don’t know I’ve been here so long even dying would be an escape at least. You don’t know how many times I’ve thought about getting in that water and ending it. But I can’t…. I.”
A sudden noise in the hall outside made them jump and startled the boy leapt to his feet.
“They’re coming,” he whispered, grabbing her hand and pulling her towards his hideout.
“No, it’s okay,” she assured him unsteadily getting to her feet. “I’m done hiding.”
“Take this then,” he said, pressing her dragon brooch back into her hands “To protect you,” and then he was gone retreating into the shadows.
Lizzie smiled as she felt the familiar rush of energy in her hand and turned as the iron lock was dragged open and in stepped Lucas an arrogant hard look on his face.
“I see you’re finally awake,” he sneered.
“Such concern Luke, I’m touched,” she mocked, getting to her feet.
“Don’t flatter yourself,” he sneered, circling her like a vulture waiting to attack; the hunger burning in his eyes, his hands twitching nervously as he reached out and stroked her cheek. 
He had been bad when she arrived but now he was almost unrecognisable as her friend.
She pulled away in disgust shaking her head.
 “Something wrong?” he asked.
 “I’m just trying to remember why we were ever friends.” 
“We weren’t friends,” he laughed. “You were just someone to use until something better came along. And something better most definitely did come along.”
Lizzie shook her head the venom in his words cutting straight through her.
“Look at you,” she whispered.
“Me,” he spat, “I haven’t ever felt this strong, this powerful and you think you can just talk me out of it. Take it away from me. Grow up Lizzie. You think you’ve changed so much from that timid little girl I used to pick on, but you haven’t. Behind all that bravado, all that talk you’re still scared; still all alone.”
 “What happened to you Luke?” she pleaded. “Because this isn’t you.”
“I made a choice,” he answered bitterly. 
“I don’t believe you,” she managed to choke through gritted teeth.
“And what makes you think I care,” he said, leaning close to her face and grimacing.
Lizzie’s heart shattered as she stood staring into the eyes of the boy she thought was her friend, but there was no warmth there, no recognition; just emptiness and hatred.
She stepped backwards unable to be close to him any longer, and he grinned turning to leave once more.
“Going already,” she retorted unable to help herself, “And I thought you’d missed me.” 
Lucas hesitated and laughed cruelly.
“I see the magic’s finally working,” he grinned, starting to leave again. “Just give in Lizzie, it’s so much easier if you don’t fight and besides you might even like it.”
“Never,” she spat at his retreating back, and he paused, turning back to face her once more. “There are worse things than death,” she said defiantly, repeating Amellia’s words.
Lucas grinned slowly.
“Well let’s see how many we can find before you die then,” he said coldly, as they stood glaring at each other.
“You don’t have the guts,” she hissed, her anger beginning to rise.
“You reckon,” he smirked, menacingly stepping forwards.
“Yeah, because I was right about you the whole time. You even said it yourself; you’re a coward.” She watched as the anger flashed across his face. “You think you’re better than me, stronger than me, more powerful, but you’re not. You’re pathetic…”
Her words were choked from her as Lucas grabbed her tightly around the throat, dragging her towards him, his face a mask of hatred but she didn’t care any more; she just couldn’t stop herself. 
What did she have to lose?
 She pushed against him forcing him further away, his grip on her throat loosening.
“See, you’re nothing,” she spat, “And you know it.”
He grabbed her again, smacking her across the face as he tightly gripped the back of her hair in his fist, his other hand straying down to his sword, his face ashen.
“You think I won’t do it,” he hissed, pulling her forwards as she struggled uselessly against his grip. “You think someone’s going to save you.”
Lizzie felt herself beginning to panic, could see the anger gleaming in his eyes. She could feel his breath on her face, closer and closer now as he held her firmly pulling her forwards.
The breath of life she suddenly thought unsure where it had come from and then it dawned on her. 
The jam!
This was what the clue had meant. This was how she saved him. 
She looked up into his cold face; his eyes staring blankly back at her, his hand gripping the back of her hair tightly in his grasp, but she ignored it. She knew now what she had to do, and he was going to owe her big time if this worked. 
She moved quickly so as not to warn him and pulling her hair tightly against his grip leaned in, closing her eyes and kissed him, pressing her lips firmly against his. 
This better work she thought desperately as she felt the grip loosen on her hair. 
It wasn’t what she expected, his lips cold and hard; unyielding against hers, and she pulled back opening her eyes as she did so, and they stared at each other her heart racing. 
There was the slightest flicker of recognition across Lucas’ face and then it was gone as he grabbed her fiercely and kissed her again, forcing her against the cold hard stone and crushing her beneath his body.
It hadn’t worked she thought, a scream rising inside her, as she struggled against his kiss but he was too strong, and she was unable to free herself from where he pinned her. 
She was shaking as he pulled away, the tears already streaming down her face as he stared at her emotionless and then with a sudden movement he struck her again with the back of his hand, hard across the face, splitting her lip and sending her sprawling to the filthy floor.
The fear and shock swept over her as she looked up into his callous features wishing for some sign of the boy that she missed but there was none, and as he turned, leaving without a second glance, she heard the sickly sweet voice of the Sea Witch above her.
“Nice try honey, but it only works if its true love.” 
Lizzie crumpled to the floor finally accepting defeat, a huge sob tearing from her chest as she listened to the mocking laughter of the Sea Witch as she followed after Lucas.
She lay for a while longer the tears subsiding, when she felt a sudden whisper of movement above her head and she shuddered as someone gently brushed her hair from her face.
“Here,” she heard the quiet voice of the young boy beside her, and she dragged herself into a sitting position and took the small scrap of cloth he was holding out to her. “You’d better clean that blood off. The smell will only cause us more problems.”
“Yeah,” Lizzie muttered, wiping the blood from her mouth, “Because that’s just what I need. More problems."
Left Behind
Lizzie was having a nightmare.
She knew she was and yet she was still unable to wake herself from it. 
She could feel the menace behind her, like a haunting shadow she could not shake; always there, always chasing, the cold dark hands reaching forwards, threatening to drag her backwards, clawing at her clothes, almost catching her. 
In a few seconds they would win, she knew it; she could feel the biting sting of their flesh as it touched her skin, pulling at her.
Lizzie started awake, the cold stone beneath her the only thing she was able to focus on in the darkness, until she realised the hands shaking her were real. 
A scream leapt to her throat but was beaten by a clammy hand clamping itself tightly across her mouth. She struggled, but the hand did not ease, as it was joined by another one pressed hard at the nape of her neck, pulling her forwards instead, until she was looking into the clear, bright eyes of Lucas, kneeling next to her in the gloom. 
Fear swept over her; her heart starting to pound as she looked once more into the eyes of the boy, she had thought was her friend. She began to struggle harder but he was stronger than her and held her tight until she stopped moving. 
“Lizzie,” he whispered. “I’m going to take my hand away. Please, you have to be quiet.” She tried to pull backwards again, but he held her fast, only inches from his face.
“Please, you have to trust me,” he pleaded.
Now what; Lizzie thought her mind racing. Was this part of the plan? More torture. 
Trust him and then watch him rip another piece of her heart out. She couldn’t; not again, but there was something not quite right, a feeling she couldn’t shake, something not in his tone, but in the way he stared at her, in the way he held her. 
She looked up once more into his piercing blue eyes and realised that was it. 
His eyes!
They no longer had the red gleam behind them or the coldness that had been there earlier. It was just Lucas again; her Lucas pleading with her. 
What was she supposed do?
She turned her head slowly and felt the pressure release from the back of her head. 
She would do the only thing she could do.
She would trust him.
He nodded at her in agreement and eased his hand from her mouth. 
She didn’t cry out; what would be the point, there was no one there that would help her. 
Standing up she could clearly see the gate to the cell stood slightly ajar, the light from outside casting shadows, flickering on the wall behind her as Lucas held his finger to his mouth and then motioned her to follow, but there was something she was forgetting. 
She edged sideways towards the figure of the boy, sleeping curled up in the matted blankets but Lucas caught her arm to stop her.
“I’m not leaving without him,” she whispered, shaking his arm away.
“Didn’t think you would,” whispered the boy smugly, already standing beside her grinning. 
She smiled back, hugging him swiftly, and the three dark figures crept out into the light of the castle to find either their escape or their death.
Which ever found them first!

******

Once clear of the dungeons and further into the maze of tunnels beneath the castle Lizzie paused to clear her head, the events spinning out of control. 
Things had happened so quickly that she wasn’t thinking straight but surely there should have been guards. She could tell it was the middle of the night by the hush in the air, but there should have been a guard. At least one!
Her head throbbed; her jaw aching from the blow earlier and looked straight ahead at where Lucas was standing with his back towards her, a brief moment of apprehension creeping over her. 
Since they had left the safety of the cell, he had refused to look at her. Why was this? 
Was he making sure she couldn’t see the betrayal that was about to come once again? 
She shuddered, drawn from her thoughts as something brushed against her arm, and she realised the curly haired boy was standing watching her silently.
“It’s okay,” he said quietly. “The spells gone; it’s not a trap.”
“How can you be so sure?” she questioned.
“I told you; I can feel the magic,” he smiled, “It’s going to be alright.” 
Lizzie stared into the boy’s face unsure.
“And just in case you were wondering, the guards were all tied up and unconscious behind the water pump.”
Lizzie smiled. How was it that this kid always seemed to know exactly what she was thinking? 
He grinned back and then scooted forwards to stand beside Lucas. 
They crept on quietly, turning and twisting, following the curves of the tunnels until Lizzie was sure they were lost, the few noises they heard far off in the distance until suddenly as they rounded the corner of an intersection, they heard the loud, brash voice of the troll guard, Ongrett.  
All three stopped pressing themselves as close as they could against the stone wall, peering into the web of passageways around them. 
What was he doing? Where was he? Would he see them?
Unsure what they should do next they stood frozen until Lucas spotted a small opening on the opposite wall of the tunnel, a few feet above their heads, which they would probably only just fit into, but it was either that or be caught. 
There was no way they could go back now. 
He quickly moved directly below the hole, dragging the boy with him and with a swift movement boosted the boy up high enough to reach the opening. He crawled inside and disappeared into the darkness. 
Lucas motioned to Lizzie, who was still standing on the wrong side, listening to the voices getting louder and louder. They were coming this way. 
She stepped out into the bright tunnel feeling extremely exposed and joined Lucas as he bent slightly, cupping his hands together, and she stepped into them pulling herself up with all her might to the hole above her. She grabbed the rim and heaved herself ungracefully inside what appeared to be another tunnel about two feet wide. 
She turned back to the opening and looked down at Lucas standing below her and suddenly realised it was too high for him to reach on his own.
“Now what does she want,” she heard Ongrett bark, sounding so close Lizzie forgot to breath for a minute. 
She saw the panic in Lucas’ eyes. 
What did they do now? Ongrett would be upon them any second. 
Lucas motioned at her to keep moving and began to retreat into the shadows of the tunnel they had just exited. If anyone entered now, he would be caught instantly. She caught the look in his eye and frowned shaking her head. 
She wasn’t about to leave him now. 
She leaned further out of the opening, wedging herself so she would not fall, feeling the hands of the boy grip her ankles further back in the tunnel and held her hands down for Lucas to reach for. 
He shook his head once again, but Lizzie refused to leave him. She would climb back down if need be. 
Something in her eyes must have told him this because he moved once more towards her reaching up as high as he could and jumping so that he could catch her hands. 
On the second attempt, he reached her, clamping hold of her hands and swinging his legs wildly tried to find a footing in the walls surface. As she felt her strength diminish she gripped on tightly, her heart pounding and held still as Lucas used her body to heave himself higher up. 
The pain was excruciating, but she never flinched concentrating instead on the dull ringing thud of the boots getting closer and then with one last pull Lucas reached the ledge of the opening. 
Lizzie pulled herself back inside, and Lucas scrambled in after her just as the footsteps entered the passageway they had only moments ago been standing in. 
They didn’t dare move, as a few feet below them Ongrett stormed past, ignorant of his prisoner hiding above his head and then he was gone disappearing down another tunnel into the darkness.
 “That was close,” the boy whispered after they were sure the coast was clear.
“It’s not over yet,” Lucas said, “Now where do we go?” 
“Forward I guess,” Lizzie responded, “It’s the only way left.”
The tunnel was so small that there was no way they could switch places and so with the boy leading, Lizzie and then Lucas followed him into the darkness, struggling as they manoeuvred the tight turns, but that wasn’t the only problem and as they travelled further into the tunnel the air around them became un-breathable. 
Suffocating and thick, it was a sticky sweet, pungent smell; repulsive and sickly that burnt the back of the throat and forced tears to the eyes. 
They crawled on hoping that they would soon find an exit from the tunnel but none came until the boy spotted a sudden shaft of murky yellow light seeping from the floor, and as he crawled closer discovered a large iron grate welded into the floor of the tunnel. 
There was no opening apparent; it was just a hole in the floor and they suddenly realised that this was where the smell was coming from. 
It was an air vent. 
The passageway was slightly wider here, and Lizzie squeezed herself forward next to the boy, peering into the grate and seeing a large chamber below containing three huge open furnaces. Around each one stood a large troll, like the ones she had seen earlier, and she shuddered remembering the closeness of the beasts. 
Thick coloured smoke poured from each of the fires as the trolls constantly stoked them, evaporating as it rose, giving the air the suffocating cloying feeling. 
Lizzie sat back and looked at Lucas thinking. 
It was too tight to turn around and they were too far in to crawl backwards, so there was only one thing left; they would have to crawl across the vents.
She wasn’t sure if they would take their weight, but they would have to at least try. 
The boy in front, sensing once again what she was thinking, had already tentatively eased his way out onto the grate.
It didn’t move and so she would let him cross and then follow after. 
He cleared it quickly and so without thinking she slowly crawled onto the grate. It was bigger than she had thought, the grate widening the further across she travelled, and it took her several seconds to reach the other side, the whole time resisting the temptation to look down as she heard the movements below her. 
Once she was across Lucas followed swiftly behind, until all three of them once again sat on the cold stone tunnel floor. 
They peered ahead and could again see shafts of light drifting into the tunnel. It was then Lizzie realised that there were still two more grates in the tunnel; of course, there were; they were air vents and seeing as there were three fires it made sense that there would be three vents. 
Sighing silently the trio continued on as below them the trolls worked tirelessly. 
Please don’t let them hear us Lizzie kept thinking to herself.
Please don’t let them look up. 
But they didn’t, and they were almost across the room when disaster struck.
The boy having crossed the final grate sat waiting for them in the safety of the tunnel, but Lizzie was still midway across the last grate, and Lucas was on the middle grate when the door to the chamber slammed open and in walked Feeola, her silver gown glimmering in the yellow light. 
They both froze suspended in mid air as the Sea Witch walked below them. 
“Is it time?” she asked in her cold voice, gazing into the middle furnace.
“Yes Mistress,” the largest troll answered.
She laughed and patted the troll affectionately on the arm. 
“I knew he was the one,” she smiled, “But we must hurry; Malaeck will be here soon. It must be done before he arrives.”
“Yes Mistress,” the troll said, “the boy is being fetched.”
Feeola laughed once more, circling the room, twirling like a giddy school girl. 
How she hated that laugh Lizzie thought staring daring at the spinning Witch, as she wondered where she had heard the name Malaeck before. It sounded familiar.
She was startled from her thoughts by the door being opened once more, and Ongrett entered sheepishly.
“I’m sorry My Lady, but the boy has gone,” he said.
“Gone,” Feeola yelled a bolt of magic streaming from her hands and sending him spinning backwards into the door.
“Noooooooooo,” she screamed, shaking with rage and then she stopped as if thinking of something. “He couldn’t have?” 
She marched over to where Ongrett lay dazed and picked him clear off the floor.
“Check the prisoner,” she said coldly.
“We have My Lady,” he replied quietly, fearing the next words he would have to say. “She has gone!”

******
As soon as the room was clear Lizzie and Lucas hastily scrambled across the remaining vents to join the boy on the far side of the tunnel. 
“What was all that about,” Lizzie asked in a whisper.
“I don’t know, but I don’t want to stick around and find out,” Lucas answered.
“It’s the magic,” the boy said solemnly as they both stared at him puzzled, “The magic will choose one that is worthy, and then they shall rule all in Kaimeara.”
“And what she thinks that’s me,” Lucas said and the boy shrugged. “Do you know what I’m getting pretty sick of people telling me what my destiny is,” he said angrily. “Come on let’s keep moving, it’s only going to be harder now they know we’ve gone.”  
They pushed on further into the tunnel, the noises of the castle becoming louder as they went until Lizzie felt a familiar prickling in her hand. 
She looked down expecting to see the green symbol traced on her hand, only to see a red one instead.  Her heart quickened as the realisation struck her; green to get into the castle, red to get out again.
“I know where I am,” she uttered, the relief flooding her voice, as one of Mac’s markers flared brightly ahead of them at the junction of the tunnel.
By pure accident, they had stumbled onto her escape route.
“These are the markers. We’re almost there.” 
They quickly ducked into the new passage. It was easier going from here on as they were able to walk, and they made swift progress following Mac’s markers, listening the whole time to the clamour that was now echoing throughout the castle.
It’s going to be a miracle if we get out of here alive, Lizzie thought as they raced on and finally they reached the large intersection where Lizzie had first entered the castle. 
Her heart dropped as soon as she saw it. There were guards swarming everywhere. 
They were never going to get across it. 
They hung back inside the tunnel, looking down at the scene below them. 
It would only be a short jump down from their present hiding place, and a quick dash and they would be inside the hidden crevice that was the passage leading out of the castle. They were so close, but they would never get passed all those guards. 
They would be captured instantly.
“You run for it, I’ll distract them,” she heard the boy say beside them as he got ready to jump down.
“What, are you crazy? They’ll catch you,” Lizzie spluttered.
“I’ll be fine, just listen for my signal and then run as fast as you can and don’t stop.”
“I won’t leave you here. We’ll just wait till they’ve gone.”
“Lizzie you need to trust me,” he said moving towards the entrance. “This is how it has to be. You’ll come back for me. I know you will.”
“Wait,” Lizzie called quietly, “Here I want you to have this,” she said pulling the silver dragon brooch from her cloak and holding it out to him. 
It glimmered in the darkness, and Lizzie saw his face light up in amazement.
“You’d give this to me,” he asked and Lizzie nodded.
He tentatively reached out and stroked the cool metal gently.
“I can’t take this,” he said, “its magic is not meant for me.”
“I want you to have it,” she whispered.
The boy gently cupped his hand over the brooch pressing it hard into Lizzie’s hand.
“I can not. I feel its magic Lizzie, a magic stronger than even I have ever felt. You just need to believe in it.”
He removed his hand and tightly closed Lizzie’s own fingers around the brooch.
“Just believe,” he said, quickly hugging her and then moved away. “Wait for my signal and then run like hell.”
“Wait,” Lizzie called, “I don’t even know your name?” 
The boy paused as if trying to remember something from a long time ago and then answered slowly.
 “It’s Marley,” he grinned and with a swift movement he was gone, jumping down into the passage, running towards the enemy.
The cold hard shock hit Lizzie as she listened to his soft footsteps padding across the stone, followed by the thundering of many boots. 
Marley!
It was Amellia’s son, and she’d left him. After everything her friend had done for her; after everything she had lost. She had let her son go back so that she could escape. 
She heard the sounds of a struggle and she felt sick.
“We have to help him,” she said, tears prickling at her eyes.
“We can’t,” Lucas answered flatly. “He’ll be safe. She won’t hurt him; she needs him too much. He knows that.”
She was about to attack Lucas once again for his refusal to help someone else and caught sight of the look on his face. It was rigid; agony etched across his features, and she stopped. 
This was killing him as much as it was her. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to help; it was that something was stopping him.  
“I don’t care. I won’t leave him,” she snapped moving towards the opening.
“No,” Lucas almost shouted grabbing her arm, “If they catch you…,” he faltered.
Lizzie stared at him questioningly until slowly he continued.
“You were to be executed at dawn. I was…,”
Lizzie felt like she’d been struck, his words washing over her in a torrent of anguish. They were going to kill her. He was going to kill her. She’d known all along that they were in danger. Ever since they had got here but hearing the words said out loud knocked the breath from her body.  
A loud high whistle broke the silence, and she felt Lucas grab her arm.
“That’s the signal,” he said, “Let’s go.” 
They both jumped down into the empty passage and crossed quickly to the safety of the escape tunnel where Lizzie had first entered the castle. It felt like forever ago she thought. Now it was just the long sloping climb to the outside. 
They struggled on; their bodies becoming tired as the sounds of the castle grew louder, reverberating through the old stones. 
She hoped Marley was alright.
The alarms rang, waking everyone inside, as the minutes dragged on and on but finally they made it, and they found themselves sitting in the small cave that led to the outside world. Through the crevice, they could see the dim glow of dawn on the horizon almost ready to break into the sky. 
They had been in the tunnels all night.
Lucas moved towards the opening first, but Lizzie grabbed his arm.
“Wait,” she whispered.
“Marley told us to keep moving.”
“Just a few more minutes, I promise.”
He stared at her dubiously but didn’t move as they both watched the sun climb higher in the sky and when she was sure she motioned for him to go.
“This is going to make it easier for them to see us,” he said, concerned.
“Us maybe,” she said, “But you’ll have to just trust me on this one.”
The brilliance blinded them as they jumped onto the grass surrounding the castle and feeling disorientated Lizzie held her hand up steadying herself against Lucas’ shoulder. He flinched slightly at her touch, and she pulled away embarrassed, as he looked around to see if anyone could see them. 
High above they could see the rows of guards standing watch, several trolls towering above them and Lizzie felt herself about to panic again. 
“As soon as we move they’re going to see us,” Lucas said in hushed tones. “We’d best head for the trees and hope we’re quick enough.”
Invigorated by the fresh air Lizzie couldn’t wait to stretch her legs, and she was positive that help was close by.
“Then we’d better run fast,” she said beginning to move, her hair blowing in the sunlight. Lucas easily caught up, and they ran flat out towards the tree line of the forest. 
It wasn’t long before a yell went up, and they heard the shouts from the battlements behind and the dull ringing clang of the drawbridge being lowered but neither dared to turn. 
Their hearts racing; they made it to the trees, and Lizzie risked a quick glance behind, wishing almost instantly that she hadn’t. 
The trolls were almost to them, as fast as lightning; their strong bodies pounding across the ground, the soldiers only slightly behind but what scared her most of all was the sight of the flying Screechers, launching themselves from the battlements.
Lizzie turned her attention back to the trees they were racing through and began to shout, her voice sounding high.
“Mac, Mac where are you?”
And then there he was heading straight towards them towering high above the tree tops, a worried expression across his simple face.
“What is that?” Lucas asked in bewilderment 
“He’s my friend,” Lizzie answered, beaming as the giant scooped them up into his large hands, cradling them protectively to his chest as they vanished from sight. 
The Hunt Begins
The thundering sound of hooves echoed solemnly through the silent courtyard, its rider’s presence already felt throughout the castle and as he dismounted, looking around in disgust,  made his way up the stone steps.
Malaeck hated this place. 
It wasn’t just the wet smell of earth and mortar or the magic that singed the back of his throat. It wasn’t even the constant screeching from above or the imposing sense of dread. All these things he could live with. He had lived with.
If it wasn’t for Her.
The hallway opened before him, and he forcibly entered the large doors into the throne room, neither of the large trolls standing guard daring to stop him.
His reputation preceded him, he thought smiling.
She was waiting for him, and he was immediately struck by her beauty as always, her perfectly chiselled face beaming at him as he entered.
He remembered the first time he had ever seen her. He had thought she was an angel come to save him. How very wrong he had been, and he had learned his lesson the hard way. 
He would not be fooled so easily any longer. 
Now it was he that should be feared.
“Malaeck sweetie,” she crooned, descending the stone stairs from her throne to greet him. “You’re early.”
“Where are they?” he demanded coldly, an edge to his voice.
“Always in a rush” she tutted, as she reached out with her hand to stroke his face. “Always so handsome”
“Don’t mess with me Fee,” he ordered, grabbing her hand before it could reach his face and pulling her close to him, holding her tight as she struggled to free herself. “Where are they?”
A flicker of doubt crossed her expression as she tried to read the look on his face, but it was like glass and as she recovered she muttered dismissively.
“I let them go. They were just children, of no use to anyone.”
“You let them go,” he roared, forcing her face close to his own, his steely mask slipping only for the briefest second. “Since when was this your decision. Your orders were to keep them?”
He felt her tremble beneath his fingers, the thrill electric as he gripped her tighter.  
“I did a good job with you, didn’t I,” she whispered huskily, her other hand reaching up to stroke his chest. “All that rage. All that power.”
His hand flew up to her neck, his gloved fingers digging into her silky soft flesh and cutting her words off. He could feel the magic now as she began to change, but he was too strong for her and she withdrew, as he knew she would.
“You’re lying,” he spat harshly, his grip still tightening.
“No,” she choked. 
“Was he the one?” he asked, as she shook her head frantically gasping for breath, but his hold did not ease. “Is the girl dead and the boy trapped in his nightmares?”
He noticed a flicker in the corner of his eye-line and realised it was the figure of the large troll moving towards him. 
“You move one more inch, and she’s dead,” he hissed.
“They escaped My Lord,” he heard the harsh, dull tone of the troll behind him remark and he smiled to himself, turning to face the troll.
“Escaped,” he asked, “How?”
“We do not know My Lord.”
Malaeck turned his attention back to the witch, who was clawing uselessly at her throat with her free hand.
“Truthfully, I’m a bit disappointed,” he remarked, throwing her to the floor in one powerful, swift movement, her body crumpling onto the stone.
The troll moved to aid her, but Malaeck’s sword blocked his path.
“No,” the witch hissed, pulling herself into a sitting position, the magic flying from her fingers. It hit Malaeck full on, but he didn’t even flinch. 
“How?” he asked the witch again.
“I do not know,” she whispered defeated, “He was mine. The spell was complete. The girl arrived, but she was weak and broken. I do not know.” 
She fell silent again and Malaeck could see she was finally telling the truth
“You,” he motioned with his sword towards the troll, “You’re in charge of prisoners?”
“My Lord,” the troll answered bowing in response, “We have searched the whole forest but they just vanished.”
“Ongrett is my finest soldier,” Feeola began, her words suddenly cut short by the startled expression on Ongrett’s face, as his head rolled towards her feet, the lifeless eyes staring straight up at her, his body collapsing to the ground only seconds later.
“Do you know how long it took me to train him,” she shot icily in Malaeck’s direction.
“Not long enough.” Malaeck sneered back.
Feeola got to her feet, smoothing her dress down, her composure returning.
“I need to speak with the Master,” he demanded. “Show me.”

******
The images flickered in the large pool, becoming brighter as the picture steadied until Hemlock was clearly visible within the swirling mists of the water. 
“Do you have them?” the voice of his master demanded from out of sight.
“It appears they have managed to elude the esteemed mistress of this castle and are gone,” Malaeck replied flatly.
“Gone,” the voice screamed in anger.
“My Lord,” Feeola began “If I may have permission to speak. I have every soldier out searching for them; they can not have gotten far. They are but children.”
“So why are they proving so difficult to kill,” Velos snapped impatiently, as he appeared in the image, his face contorted with rage. “I want them brought back,” he demanded, “Chopped into tiny little pieces if need be.”
“As you wish master,” Malaeck answered bowing, “And what should I do with the Witch?”
“I don’t care. She’s failed me once too often. Kill her,” he answered as Malaeck smiled, the colour draining from Feeola’s face.
“Master, please,” she begged, “I can help, the boy he told me things. Things that can help”
Velos froze his interest sparked and asked, “What things?”
Feeola smiled; her future not looking so short and answered, “They are heading north to visit with Paigina.”
Velos smiled 
“So they are heading for the winged horses then. Good. At least we know which way to follow. Now you can kill her,” he added dismissively gesturing to Malaeck.  
“No,” Feeola screamed, throwing herself onto her knees “There was more. The boy mentioned something about Castle Valista and a glimmer”
“Did you say a glimmer?” Hemlock’s interested voice asked as he reappeared in the picture.
“Yes,” the witch nodded enthusiastically, “They are searching for the glimmer. For an Island called…called…I can’t remember.”
“The Isle of Simkus,” Hemlock finished, “It is but a legend.”
“No,” the Witch answered, “That’s it. It is real.”
Hemlock turned to his master, a look of amazement on his face and smiled.
Velos smiled in return, reading something in his servants face and then turned his attention back to Feeola.
“Okay,” he said, “You’re safe for now Witch.” 
Feeola sagged with relief
“Thank you my lord.” 
“Malaeck,” Velos added coldly “I warned you no more mistakes. Find me those children.”
“Yes Father,” Malaeck answered, as Velos disappeared from view.
 “Hemlock,” Malaeck barked as the images began to fade. “Send out the hunting party. This time we’ll be waiting for them.”
Race to the Bridge
The dying embers of the fire flickered restlessly as dawn approached, reflecting Lizzie’s own emotions, that were still racing from the past few days events. She knew she should have been resting, but her mind would not switch off, churning over everything that had happened; just how close it had been, and she dreaded to think what would have happened if Lucas had not woken from his nightmare. 
She could still feel him pressed close against her, the taste of his lips, the harsh look on his face; the anger, the hate and she shuddered at the memory, her hand straying unconsciously up to the bruise on her face as she glanced over to where he lay, curled beneath his travelling cloak. 
She knew it hadn’t been him, trusted that he would never do that to her but still there was an awkwardness between them and apart from the brief exchange when they had first met Mac, Lucas hadn’t said a word to her, keeping himself at a safe distance, as if they were strangers. As if he had left part of himself in that cell and somewhere deep down Lizzie could not help but feel as if she had done something wrong. 
As if she had caused him to pull away from her. Maybe it had been the kiss. 
She shuddered again, pulling her cloak tighter around herself and as she did so, pricked her finger on something sharp. She looked down and saw the silver brooch she had returned to her cloak, in the tunnels. 
A sudden wave of sadness washed over her as she thought of Marley. How could they have left him? She would never forgive herself if anything happened to him. 
She unpinned the brooch, feeling the smooth, cool metal in her hand and sat staring at it as it lay in her palm. She could feel it pulsating gently through her skin, energising her and filling her with hope as it always did. She had never wondered why until now, but she could still hear Marley’s words clear in her head.  
Its magic is not for me he had said; you just need to believe.
Need to believe what? She had no idea what he meant. How could her brooch be magic, it was just a piece of metal. 
But as she sat stroking the silver, tracing the lines of the dragon with her fingertip, she wasn’t so sure. It felt so comforting, so familiar like it reminded her of something; something she couldn’t quite remember.
 Like a dream or a memory faded and distant just waiting for her to make it solid, to be made real. 
The sudden rumbling of the ground as Mac returned startled her, and she realised she had almost drifted off, the fleeting images of her memory scattering, as she looked up to see Lucas silently watching her from the other side of the camp. He flinched when he realised she had noticed him, sending a sudden ache rushing through Lizzie’s chest, as she watched him close his eyes again and turn away, leaving her all alone once more.      
                                 
******
Lucas didn’t know what to do!
He had been slightly alarmed when they had been scooped up into the arms of the giant but as they disappeared from sight and watched the warriors pursuing them through the woods, unable to find them, he had relaxed convinced at last they were safe. For now!  Exhaustion had taken over as he and Lizzie slept, curled in the palm of Mac’s hand, whilst he travelled through the woods but as the day wore on, and they had made camp he was aware of the tension in the air, the awkwardness between them and he didn’t know what to do. What to say. 
In the end, he had said nothing and pretended to sleep but no rest came as he tossed and turned reliving the past few days over and over again until giving up he opened his eyes to see Lizzie, sitting huddled in her cloak beside the fire, staring at the silver brooch she held in her hand. Her face was blank, serene as if she was remembering something happy, the flames of the fire flickering shadows across her face, but even from where he lay, curled beneath his cloak, he could still see the dark purple bruise spreading across her face, up to her eye, and it made him feel sick. 
He couldn’t help it, but every time he looked at her he was repulsed with himself, for what he had done; could feel her struggling against him as he had held her, could hear her voice pleading with him.
He drew back as she looked up at him unable to meet her gaze, turning from her, hiding from what he had become. He knew he had not been his true self; that it had been the magic, but that still didn’t lessen the truth of what he had done.
He had hurt her.
Not just physically but had really hurt her. He had seen it in her eyes; the pain, the betrayal and he would have done anything to take it back. 
How could he tell her that?
How could he explain?
He lay for a while longer, listening to her soft voice speaking with Mac as she cooked breakfast until unable to ignore the smells torturing his aching stomach he rose and joined them by the fire, noticing that their horses had appeared during the night.
“I thought we’d lost them,” he asked nervously, motioning towards the grazing beasts. 
“No, Mac was just looking after them,” Lizzie replied. “He brought them back last night.”
Lucas looked up at the giant man sitting beside them. 
“I don’t think you two were introduced yesterday,” Lizzie began, holding out a bowl of food to him as he sat down. “This is Lucas,” she said as he sat opposite her. “This is Macanilus,” she motioned towards the giant, who held out his large hand in welcome. “The guardian of these woods.”
“Hi,” Lucas uttered, not sure how to shake the giant’s hand. “Thanks for helping us out.”
“Anytime,” The giant bellowed, “I’m only sorry I can’t take you further, but I am unable to leave the woods unprotected. I have been away too long already.”
“Where exactly are we?” Lucas asked pulling the map from his pack.
“Mac brought us the whole way through the wood to the borders of the Crystaline Desert,” Lizzie answered.
“Really,” Lucas asked in disbelief staring at the map. “Then we’re almost there.” 
He looked up, and Lizzie smiled at him for the first time since they had escaped. It was a small smile, unsure and hesitant, but it was there. He smiled back timidly, trying to ignore the flush of colour spreading across her cheek, its purplish green and black tinge looking worse in the harsh morning light. 
“We’re almost there,” she repeated reassuringly, sensing his stare as she self-consciously brushed at the bruise as if to wipe it away. “It’s almost over.”

******
“Luke, are you alright?” Lizzie asked softly, once they had said goodbye to Mac, promising him that they would return as soon as they could and began the short ride through the remainder of the wood.
He nodded slightly from where he rode next to her but didn’t look up, refusing to meet her gaze.
They rode on a while longer and then Lizzie spoke again.
“It’s just that you’ve been a bit funny since…,” her words trailed away. “Look I know I kissed you, but it was just to break the spell,” she added quickly, her words rushing out. “I wouldn’t have otherwise...”
“You think that’s why I’m upset?” he interrupted finally looking up. 
“Then what is it because I don’t know what I’ve done?”
“It wasn’t something you did, Lizzie,” he answered quietly, “It’s just…” 
But his words were cut short as they finally emerged through the tree line into the blinding light, forcing him to hold his hand up to protect them from the sun, his words forgotten.
The heat was immediate after the cool dark woods and as their eyes adjusted they found themselves standing on a blanket of crystal purple sand. Neither spoke as they sat motionless mesmerised by the view in front of them, staring into the horizon, the sand stretching away as far as the eye could see until finally giving way at the cliff edge to clear blue skies that went on forever
 “That must be where the bridge is,” Lucas said pointing into the distance and breaking the silence. Then turning to face Lizzie he added. “It reminds me of the day we arrived.”  
“Yeah,” she said turning to him and smiling, a sudden glint in her eyes, “But I couldn’t do this then.” 
She spurred the horse and was moving, quickly flying into the distance.
“Race you,” she yelled without stopping.
“That’s not fair,” he called, as he spurred his horse on, the thrill sweeping over him as he chased after her, his horses hooves pounding on the soft sand underfoot.
She really had got good at this, he thought as he watched her race ahead of him, her hair flying in the sunlight as they quickly closed the gap between the woods and the bridge they were heading for. 
But as they raced something caught his attention, just on the edge of his vision. He turned sideways glancing in both directions but couldn’t see anything.  
Was something behind them? 
He looked down, and it was then he realised the movement was coming from below them. There was something moving beneath the surface of the sand tracking him. He looked ahead and could see several more tracks, tracing through the sand, moving at a rapid speed. 
His heart racing he called after Lizzie, but she was too far ahead and didn’t hear. 
He urged his horse on, pushing the stallion harder and harder, its legs steady and strong, purposefully hitting the sand as they sped on trying to catch up with Lizzie, Lucas constantly watching the tracks keeping pace with him.
Then with no warning his horse stumbled, as if striking an invisible obstacle, and they were thrown sidewards as the horses hooves began to sink into the soft sand. 
Lucas’ reaction was instant, as pulling his feet from the stirrups he jumped, rolling clear as the huge animal was dragged to the sand by an unseen enemy. 
He breathed deeply, winded by the fall and watched in desperation as he realised that the sand was changing, taking on shape, and what was holding his horse was, in fact, several large hands emerging from the sand itself. 
He was on his feet in a second, running to where his horse lay struggling and grabbing its reins tried to pull it back to its feet. But it was no use, the hands were too strong, dragging him back to the floor and he was forced to watch in horror as the horse was slowly swallowed beneath the purple crystal sand until it had completely vanished. 
Unsure what had just happened Lucas couldn’t move frozen where he still sat on the sand until a nagging thought crept to the front of his thoughts. 
Lizzie.
He turned quickly to see if she was still alright and could see her safely riding in the distance. 
Whatever those things were they hadn’t reached her yet but it wouldn’t take them long. 
He had to warn her. 
He tried to stand but was stopped as he felt a sudden grip tighten around his ankle and as he looked down saw another hand of crystal sand, clasped onto his foot, pulling it back beneath the surface. 
What the hell is that he thought, the panic starting to rise in his chest as he pulled against the strong hand, trying to force his body away from it and failing as more hands began to emerge.
 If he didn’t do something fast, he would soon be buried as well. 
Without thinking, he pulled his sword, quickly hacking at the hands that bound him and was amazed to see them crumple into sand as he struck them, releasing his foot. He staggered backwards clambering to his feet as his breathing steadied, but he wasn’t safe yet, and he watched in disbelief as there in front of him a figure began to rise from the sand, clawing its way upwards, until there stood a huge warrior made from the crystal purple sand. 
Lucas felt a lump catch in his throat as the sand rippled one last time, and the warrior became solid; its eyes glistening red, its large metal blade gleaming in the bright sunlight.
It moved towards him fast and agile and Lucas just managed to block its attack with his sword, the power in its blow driving him to his knees. 
He leapt up again, striking back and realised that although his opponent was strong he was not very skilled and within seconds Lucas had his chance; swinging his sword skilfully he caught the warrior smoothly across the neck, severing his head cleanly.  
The body collapsed as the head dropped, but no blood was spilled as they both turned once more to sand, crumpling to the floor and disappearing but Lucas didn’t have time to think on it as all around him more figures had begun to clamber out of the surface, their faces cold and sharp. 
He stood up straight preparing for the attack when something else caught his attention. Not all of the warriors were carrying swords, some of them were holding bows, and he looked up to see several flaming arrows, hissing into the air and disappearing into the distance. 
He watched where they were going and was suddenly struck with an overwhelming sense of panic. 
They were heading straight towards Lizzie. 
He risked a glance behind him, watching the arrows path and saw Lizzie far in the distance at the very edge of the chasm. She had made it to the bridge. Lucas felt a sudden flash of relief but then realised she had stopped and was staring back at him.
“Go,” he yelled, as loudly as he could, waving her on. “Get across the bridge, now.”
And then he turned back, ready to fight.
Old Friends and New Enemies
With her heart racing Lizzie had flown into the sunlight, the pounding of the horse’s hooves, matching the steady thumping of her heart. 
She didn’t want to argue or fight anymore. 
She didn’t want to feel the dread and the hurt again. 
She wanted to be free.
To feel the wind on her face, the adrenaline coursing through her veins; the excitement rushing over her as they raced across the crystal sand towards the horizon, the sky drawing her ever closer. 
It felt like she was flying.
She closed her eyes; her mind free of all thoughts, her heart thumping in her ears, when all of a sudden, there it was; the edges of her memory crumbling and she remembered. 
Her eyes flew open, as she let go of one of the reins, her hand flying to the silver brooch at her neck, a loud gasp escaping from her lips. 
She could almost feel the memory now; could almost touch it, but before she could make it solid a noise hissed past her ears breaking her concentration. She pulled hard on the reins, and her horse slowed to a stop, a few feet away from the cliff edge. 
She looked around but could see nothing and then there it was again, a loud hissing noise, and she looked up to see a flaming arrow narrowly miss her head, instead landing in the large wooden stakes that marked the beginning of the bridge. 
She glanced behind her once more and seeing nothing rode swiftly to the entrance of the bridge, pulling the arrow free, from where it had struck and was amazed to discover that the bridge was enormous, falling away into the swirls of mist that covered a vast chasm, the large planks of wood swaying in mid air as it stretched endlessly out before her, disappearing into the distance. 
How far across did it go, she thought? 
All she would have to do was step onto it, and she would have made it but where was Lucas; where were those arrows coming from? 
She looked behind her once again as several more arrows embedded themselves into the sturdy wood, the ropes holding it beginning to burn. 
Where were they coming from, she thought, desperately searching the desert for Lucas? And then she saw him standing a few hundred yards away. He was waving at her frantically, but she was too far away to hear him and she watched as he turned away from her and for the first time she noticed several large warriors standing near to him, their weapons drawn. 
A sudden wave of panic hit her as she realised how much danger he was in. She had to go back. She pulled her horse’s reins, turning him away from the bridge and then as an afterthought turned back and rode to the edge of the chasm. 
She looked into the endless void disappearing below the clouds and closed her eyes.
Just believe she thought opening her eyes again and pulling her brooch from her cloak. 
“Please let this work,” she said aloud and threw the brooch smoothly into the chasm, its silver shimmering in the golden light as it vanished beneath the clouds.
Then without a second glance she turned, urging her horse onwards, racing back to face the enemy she knew had been chasing them. 

******
She hadn’t gone far when they attacked, leaping from the sand below her, catching at the horses legs and trying to pull them to the ground but she held on, her sword already drawn and swung at the creatures that tried to prevent her reaching Lucas, steering her horse around them and racing ever forwards, refusing to let them get a grip. 
She saw more tracks below the sand, keeping pace with her, and she pushed on as hard as she could go. Please don’t let me be too late she thought desperately as she approached the cloud of sand that swirled ahead of her and was relieved when she saw Lucas’ blonde hair amongst the purple blur. 
She charged straight towards him, trampling the warriors before her and was amazed to see them crumpling to dust beneath the horse’s hooves, only for them to re-emerge moments later, dragging themselves once more from the surface of the desert.
“Quick,” she yelled as she reached Lucas, holding her hand out to him, so he could clamber onto the horse.
He quickly struck the last two warriors in front of him and grabbed her hand, but it was too late and instead of mounting the horse Lucas only succeeded in pulling Lizzie clear as from both sides the sand warriors attacked, launching themselves at the animal and dragging it to the floor, smothering it instantly.
Lizzie felt sick as she watched helpless to do anything, trying desperately to disentangle herself from where she had landed on Lucas and within seconds they were once more standing side by side facing the horde of warriors that had now surrounded them.
“What are those things?” she asked breathlessly, as more and more of the monsters crawled to the surface until there was more than twenty in a circle around them. 
“I don’t know,” Lucas replied, “But what part of get across the bridge, did you not get.”
Lizzie turned her head slightly to look at him and then answered solemnly. 
“When are you going to get it?”
He turned to face her, a puzzled look across his face.
“We’re in this together Luke. I thought that was obvious by now.”
The stared at each other for a brief second and then both turned back, circling together as they did so, to assess the ring of warriors that stood watching them, with gleaming red eyes, their weapons drawn.
“Why aren’t they attacking?” Lizzie asked confused. 
“I don’t know,” Lucas said, “It’s as if they’re waiting for something.”
“Or someone,” Lizzie added, transfixed by the red of their eyes.
“That’s it. They aren’t meant to kill us, just keep us here.”
“Not us,” Lizzie interrupted “You. They never attacked me until I came back for you. It’s not me they want.”
“Feeola,” Lucas hissed in disgust.
“We have to get out of here,” Lizzie whispered “We don’t know how long we’ve got.”
“Okay, we attack,” Lucas agreed, “Stay close and keep moving. We may not be able to kill them but if we get to the bridge, we may have a chance.”
“Deal,” she answered, wielding her sword.
“And Lizzie,” Lucas said touching her arm gently, “If we don’t get out of this…”
“I know,” she smiled, nodding in understanding, as they both turned preparing to fight. They attacked as one, smooth and graceful as they had been taught and quickly dispatched the first two warriors with little effort but as soon as they fell two more stepped in to take their place, their pathway blocked once more. 
They pushed forwards, driving hard to clear a way through; the warriors falling beneath their swords, time and time again but it was useless and no matter how hard they tried they could gain no ground, the horde of endless fighters forcing them further away from the bridge. 
“This isn’t working,” Lucas yelled.
“You think,” she retorted as he looked over at her, his face bemused.
“Okay, new plan then,” he remarked ignoring her quip, “I force them back towards the trees, and you run for the bridge.”
 “Luke, I’m not…”
“Lizzie, please,” he begged, “If Feeola captures us I can’t risk…”
“Luke, I’m not leaving you, so you better just come up with another plan. Got it.”
She moved away, leaving no time for argument and deftly dispatching the closest warrior, pushed forwards once more. 
She hadn’t gone far when another figure rose from the ground, directly in front of her.
She looked behind checking for Lucas, his sword glinting in the harsh sunlight as he fought against two towering warriors and convinced he wouldn’t leave her she turned back to her attacker, the shock hitting her almost immediately.
She knew him!
She wasn’t sure how or from where but as she watched the sand settle, the delicate granules forming the rugged strong features of the warrior, his gleaming red eyes staring at her coldly she felt the unease growing inside her.
He moved forward; his sword already drawn and as he attacked again and again Lizzie, fended him off, unable to shake the feeling that she knew him, the distraction causing her to be careless until with a hard blow he caught her off guard, her sword flying from her grip as she staggered backwards out of his reach.  
She glanced around, seeking her fallen weapon but it was too far away from her, and as the warrior moved in, looming over her menacingly, he grinned nastily.
The realisation hit Lizzie like a death stoke, the memory slamming into her chest, knocking the breath from her body as she looked up into the face of the man, that had betrayed them all in Beauview. 
“Gabriel?” she gasped, watching horrified as the warrior faltered and came to an abrupt stop, his weapon falling from his hands, a look of shock spreading across his features.   “It can’t be,” Lizzie whispered, “I watched you die.”
The warrior hesitated once more, shaking his head in indecision, the tiny flecks of sand falling softly around him as he began to lose shape.
“Lizzie?” he suddenly hissed, the noise slipping from his lips as his form became solid once more, his eyes flaring brighter as he advanced on her; grabbing her tightly around the throat and lifting her into the air. 
She fought against him, tearing in vain at his arms, which crumbled beneath her touch, only to become instantly solid again as she watched him pull a short knife from his belt. She looked around searching for Lucas, but he was too far away, his voice yelling her name, swept away on the storm of sand that fell around him as he feverishly slaughtered warrior after warrior in his attempt to reach her.
But it was too late as she felt Gabriel push himself close up against her, the tip of his blade pressed hard against her chest, his hands shaking violently as he stared straight into her eyes.
“Tell her I’m sorry,” he gasped, his gravelly voice no more than a whisper and then with a sudden juddering movement he switched the knife around, pointing it directly towards his chest. 
He paused, his hand frozen; the sharp point resting on top of the jewelled stone embedded there as he looked once more straight into Lizzie’s eyes and then without hesitating quickly thrust it through the stone, straight into his chest.
Lizzie gasped, as a small serene smile spread across Gabriel’s face, the edges beginning to slip slightly as the features began to dissolve, the sand falling through Lizzie’s hands until there was nothing left of him but the pile of sand at her feet. 
She hesitantly waited for him to rise again, but the sand was smooth and un-moving. 
Lizzie stared around her in awe, and as realisation dawned on her, she smiled as for the first time she registered that all the sand warriors also had a jewelled stone in their chest.
In his final act of redemption, Gabriel had shown her the way to defeat them.
He had found peace and he would not rise again. 
Still shaken, she turned to find Lucas motionless staring at her in horror but as the relief washed over her, she grinned broadly and laughed.
“It’s the stones,” she yelled, “You have to…”
But she never finished, her words stolen as she was tackled from the side, the giant warrior knocking her to the floor and crushing her beneath his weight. 
Lizzie’s mind went blank as the warrior began to dissolve; all sound lost amidst a blanket of colour; the sand filling her mouth and nose, smothering her as she was slowly buried beneath it, her hands clawing helplessly until in her blind panic she hit something solid. 
She struck out again frantically gripping onto it and felt a hand clasp hers tightly in return as slowly she was dragged from her grave once more to the surface to see Lucas kneeling over her desperately trying to clear the sand from her face.
She gasped erratically, trying to fill her lungs with air, her eyes struggling to stay open under the weight of the sand but the warriors were not finished yet as they quickly restrained her once more drawing her further downwards.
“Smash…Stones,” she gasped, struggling to get the words from her lips as she was buried again, the sand swallowing her like a monstrous beast, the world around her becoming muffled and dark.
Unable to fight any longer Lizzie gave into the warmth, succumbing to the silence as she melted further and further into the sand until with a sudden jolt she was ripped free from her prison and pulled completely to the surface to find herself laying face down on the solid sand.
She coughed loudly, her chest rattling as she sucked air into her lungs, her body, rolling over, so she was now staring up at the bright clear sky.
“You alright?” she heard Lucas’ panicked voice ask as she felt his hand gently on her shoulder, helping her to stand. 
She nodded, staggering slightly as she got to her feet. 
“Good,” he answered, “Because I might need a hand.”
Lizzie looked around as Lucas passed her sword back to her, the fear now starting to well up inside as she stared at the mass of warriors now circling them; a slow chant rising from their lips.
“I don’t think that was part of their plan,” Lucas remarked breathlessly.
“What trying to kill me?”
“No, that was. Them losing, not so much”
“So now what,” she asked, glancing around at the closing circle of attackers.
Lucas looked back over at her, staring into Lizzie’s worried eyes and smiled a small reassuring smile.
“Now we finish this,” he answered.
Lizzie nodded, turning back to their attackers, once more.
She could feel Lucas’ back pressed firmly against her own, his heart beating in unison as the assault came, fast and frenzied as the warriors sought to contain them.
They fought back, fighting as one; their movements skilled and synchronised, the air around them becoming thick with sand as they struck down their enemies, the mass of warriors deteriorating steadily beneath their swords; the bodies falling to the ground and rising no more until with a final swing of their swords the last two warriors fell and the air grew still and quiet, punctuated only by their heavy breathing, as they doubled over, the sweat pouring down their faces, as they tried to slow their racing hearts.  
Lizzie looked at Lucas hunched over behind her, her lungs burning as she inhaled great gasps of air and watched as he smiled nervously. She smiled in return and then closing her eyes let her head fall back to her chest, the steady thumping of her heart gradually slowing but now underneath the sound she could hear another noise; a slow thudding that filled her with dread. She concentrated hard letting the sound wash over her and then Lucas suddenly grabbed her arm.
“I hear it,” she whispered, listening to the thundering of hooves echoing in the distance, and she looked up to see a group of horsemen breaking through the tree line of the woods and then she froze as she saw the hunched figures of the Werevals keeping stride. 
“Run,” Lucas said, tugging at her arm, to make her move.
She didn’t need to be told twice, and they re-sheathed their swords as they began the run towards the bridge. 
Their strides matching, their hearts pounding; they closed the gap; the sound of hoof beats getting louder and louder behind them. 
How close are they Lizzie thought, but she didn’t dare turn around. 
They were almost there.
“Lizzie the bridge is out,” Lucas shouted slowing, as close in front of them the burning remains of the bridge flickered but she didn’t pause in her running.
This was going to work she thought. All she had to do was believe.
Just believe.
She looked over at Lucas running beside her and smiled.
“Trust me,” she yelled, holding out her hand.
A split second of doubt crossed Lucas’ face and then it was gone, as he held out his hand and clasped hers tightly, locking their fingers together.
Then with the enemy closing in behind them, they ran towards the cliff and as one leapt into the clear blue, disappearing into the vast chasm and vanishing below the clouds.

******
Malaeck was blinded by the bright sunlight as he broke through the tree line but at once noticed the swirling cloud of sand ahead of them and grinned to himself.
That cloud could mean only one thing. 
They were still here. 
After the long weeks of chasing them, he had finally caught up and would savour this moment, like all hunters, revelling in his triumph because he had finally found them, and there would be no escape.
But as he watched in desperation, urging his horse forwards, he saw his prey eluding him once more; saw them racing for the cliff, saw them jump, saw them disappearing into the abyss and as his horse skidded to a halt at the edge, moments too late, he leapt from its back; peering into the void below but there was nothing.
“They have gone, My Lord,” a voice hissed beside him, and he looked across at the hideous features of the Wereval that awaited his response, but he couldn’t speak, the anger rising inside of him.
“The bridge is out. There is no way they would have made it,” another voice spoke, this one strong and deep and Malaeck tuned to find Mason, his second in command, beside him.
“Get down there and bring me back their bodies,” he ordered, retreating from the cliff as Mason dismounted and began to give orders.
“Do you hear that, Master?” the Wereval hissed, looking further into the chasm and sniffing.
Malaeck stopped and turned, listening to the sound that he could now feel reverberating through his body. A steady pounding that filled the air with expectancy, as they stood staring into the distance and then in a wave of silver, a giant dragon burst through the clouds, a roar erupting from its throat as it flew low over the stunned soldiers and then soared high into the sky, its scales glistening in the sunlight.
Malaeck stood unable to breathe as he watched the magnificent creature before him, marvelled at its beauty as the wind from its wings swept across his face, as it circled once before disappearing into the horizon, carrying with it the children that he hunted but as he gazed after them he realised for the first time in as long as he could remember that he felt no fear, no anger, no hatred, just a deep sense of loss and sadness; that they hadn’t taken him with them.
Safety in the Sky
As Lucas sat, nestled on the back of the giant silver dragon, the pounding of his heart drowned out by the powerful beating of its wings, Lucas realised that he had never felt so alive before; had never felt so free. 
He looked over at Lizzie, her face alight; glowing from within her hair fluttering in the wind, and he felt his heart skip a beat. 
She really was beautiful he thought but it was more than that.
Trust me, she had said as they jumped from the cliff edge and for the first time in his life Lucas realised that he had finally found someone that he really did.  
He would trust Lizzie with his life, and as they had fallen into the unknown, he discovered that he wasn’t afraid.
Trust me, she had said, and he believed her; would always believe her.
And then in a flash of silver, the giant dragon had appeared beneath them, catching them gently and positioning them safely on its huge back, its head turned back in greeting. Lucas’ heart had felt like it was about to burst from his chest as the magnificent creature climbed further into the air, Lizzie leaning forward stroking the scales of its neck. 
“I knew you’d come,” she laughed, her words swept away with the wind as the dragon soared high into the sky and away from the enemy, left shocked and motionless below.
They travelled like this for hours, huddled beneath their cloaks as the powerful wings carried them across a patchwork sky that now blazed with the fading colours of daylight until Lucas suddenly felt a slight squeeze on his fingers, and he realised they were still holding hands. 
He looked over at Lizzie, to see her pointing to something in the distance. 
He strained his eyes peering into the fading light until he saw what she was pointing at. There on the horizon he could see a castle glistening white amongst the clouds; its huge turrets rising out of the sky and reaching up towards the heavens. 
There seemed to be no way to reach this spectacular structure from the ground and as Lucas stared on in disbelief the dragon swept in low, landing softly on the clouds surrounding the castle, a sudden wave of panic sweeping through him as he expected the dragon to fall straight through. 
But the ground held and as the dragon slowed his beating wings Lucas couldn’t help, but marvel at their new surroundings.
He felt another quick squeeze on his hand and then Lizzie let go as the mighty dragon lowered its wing and allowed them to scramble down to the floor beside it. 
It was only then, did Lucas realise just how big the silver dragon was. He had thought Rose was huge, but this dragon was monstrous, and as they stood beside it, he noticed that his waist barely reached the top of its large golden talons.  
He turned back to Lizzie, who seemed completely at ease. 
Where had this dragon come from he thought, as he watched her approach the giant scaly head, its teeth casting shadows across the floor below them.
“Thank you,” she said bowing, “I hoped you would come.”
“All you needed to do was call,” the dragon thundered. “I have been waiting a long time.”
“I’m sorry,” Lizzie said softly.
The dragon smiled, showing all of its teeth.
“I am just pleased to feel the wind beneath my wings again and smell the air of my birth land.”
Lizzie cautiously put her arm out and stroked the tip of the dragon’s snout affectionately. 
“It has been a long first flight though,” the dragon continued, “I must feed and rest. You will be safe here.”
He bowed lower, his head coming even closer to Lizzie, and she leant forward and placed a small kiss on the dragon’s face.
“You’re as beautiful as I remember you,” she smiled, stepping back.
“And you are even more beautiful,” the dragon replied, smiling once more and then he was gone, disappearing in a shimmer of silver and vanishing into the evening sky.
“Do you want to explain that to me,” Lucas said coming up behind her.
“Yes,” Lizzie answered turning to him with a huge smile across her face, “But first let’s see if we can find something to eat, I’m starving.”

******
Dwarfed by their surroundings, Lizzie and Lucas entered the castle to find themselves standing in a monstrous chamber, lined on all sides by towering windows, its unseen ceiling disappearing into the void high above them, as their boots padded softly on the white stone floor that stretched out endlessly ahead of them.
They walked on staring in awe at the giant marble statues that stood all around, the last shafts of sunlight gleaming through the windows to create a cascade of colours on their beautiful smooth surfaces, until they finally came to a smaller wooden door that stood slightly ajar. 
The passed through and descended a narrow stairway that led to an enormous kitchen. At the far end stood a gigantic stove, its black shiny body like that of a dormant beast, waiting to be brought to life again; on the walls directly surrounding it were several towering shelves weighted down with numerous pots and pans of all sizes. To one side of the room stood a large frosted glass window, the last remnants of light casting shadows across the scrubbed wooden surfaces that stood below it.
On the other side stood a large open fireplace, in which a welcoming fire roared, filling the room with a warm sleepy air. Just in front someone had laid several large and inviting floor cushions covered with masses of silky covers; whilst at the very centre of the room stood a large wooden table, laden with plates and plates of fresh food. 
Completely amazed Lizzie and Lucas exchanged a quick glance and then as one made for the table.
“Who do reckon did all this?” Lizzie asked, through a mouthful of food, as she gazed around at all the dishes and bedding that had been put out for them.
Lucas shrugged filling his plate with more food as he realised just how hungry he was.
“I mean this is all fresh,” Lizzie said, “It looks like no one has been here for years but someone must of done this,” she finished, piling her plate full of food and making herself comfortable amidst the piles of cushions in front of the fire.
“Seriously Lizzie, that’s what you’re curious about?” Lucas asked in disbelief. “We just jumped off a cliff and were rescued by a giant silver dragon, a dragon that you seem to know already, by the way, and you want to know how the food is kept fresh?”
Lizzie laughed, choking slightly as Lucas joined her in front of the huge roaring fire. 
“So,” he remarked, once he was settled, “You want to try and explain.”
Lizzie paused for a moment thinking how she was going to start and then began to talk.
“Cass was my imaginary friend when I was little,” Lizzie began, seeing the smirk spread across Lucas’ face.
 “You’re what?” Lucas asked in disbelief.
“I know it sounds crazy but it’s true. I used to dream about him all the time and was always drawing pictures of him. I used to tell my Mum stories about him taking me flying. I could remember them so clearly,” She smiled, her face lost in some far off memory. “It was only when I got older that I realised that there was no way they could have been real. I mean dragons don’t really exist, do they.”
She looked up catching the bemused look on Lucas’ face.
“So you’re telling me that somehow the dragon you used to make up stories about has come to life,” he asked. 
“No, I’m saying, I think he was always real. I just don’t know how I would have met him before.”
“Maybe you dreamt about him. You know like the dreams you keep having now. Maybe you had so many, and they were so clear, you really believed in him and that’s what made him real.”
Lizzie nodded.
“Maybe,” she replied, “I just wish I could remember.”
They fell silent for a while both lost with their own thoughts and then Lucas spoke again. “Do you think you might have been to Kaimeara before?” he asked, voicing her own thoughts. 
She shook her head.
“How,” she asked, “It’s not as if I’ve nearly drowned before…”
“Except that maybe you almost did. There was just someone else there to save you,” he interrupted.
Lizzie looked up, disbelief flashing across her face, a distant memory flooding her thoughts as she remembered her Dad lifting her into the boat, the rain pouring down all around her.
“It couldn’t have been,” she whispered. “It doesn’t make any sense.”
“None of this makes sense,” Lucas said, “But it’s been a long few days; so maybe we should get some sleep.” 
They fell quiet again, the awkwardness growing between them once more, as the darkness settled in around them, and Lucas was reminded of the night they had spent in the cabin. 
It felt like years ago now, the closeness they had shared now shattered, an unspoken void growing in the silence as he watched Lizzie climb under the covers and lie down, her movements jarring and awkward as she flinched with pain and he was once again reminded of all the suffering he had caused her. 
His stomach gave a sudden lurch, his thoughts reeling as he tried to stop the panic taking over. They had hardly spoken to each other until now; the excitement washing away the anxiety but now as he sat in the darkness he was filled with dread once more. 
He still hadn’t been able to think of the words to explain, didn’t know how to start, he just knew he had to, or he might lose her forever. He lay down still lost in his thoughts and felt something sharp dig into his side. He sat back up and thrust his hand into his tunic pocket to find the delicate wings of Lizzie’s necklace. 
He pulled it out and watched as the flickering flames caught the silver, making it look like the tiny angel was dancing in the firelight. His breath caught in his throat as he glanced over at Lizzie but she hadn’t moved. 
“Lizzie, I’m so sorry,” he whispered, his voice breaking.
“I know,” she answered, quietly sitting up to face him, her eyes drawn to the necklace swinging in his fingers. 
He saw a glimpse of fear in her eyes, but she didn’t turn away as he held it out for her to take. But she didn’t move.
“No, you don’t,” he said, sliding forward slightly and placing it gently into her hands.     He shook his head, slowly running his hand through his hair, while he thought how to start. 
“Earlier when you said you’d thought you’d upset me by kissing me, you were wrong.”   
“I really don’t think we need to bring that up again,” Lizzie said interrupting, her face blushing.
“Just let me finish,” he said, raising his hand up to gently stroke her face, his fingers lightly running along the line of the bruise, the touch making Lizzie flinch, and he pulled his hand away.
“I told you Lizzie, I’m not that person. When I was in the castle under Feeola’s spell, it was like before with Sam. The power was intoxicating; I just wanted to let go and lose myself. There was no remorse, no fear; it was so much easier; I felt free, like nothing or no-one could hurt me.” 
He shook his head lowering it to his hands.
“But the whole time there was a bit of me that didn’t want to give in. I could see myself doing these things, and I just couldn’t stop myself. I gave in and every time I look at you it reminds me of what I became; what I was capable of.” 
He stopped talking looking down at the floor, the agony etched in his smooth features.
“Lucas, bruises fade,” Lizzie said softly. 
“Yeah, but the memory won’t; that look on your face. That won’t go away, ever.”
“It just takes time.” 
“No, it doesn’t,” he snapped, looking up and pulling his arm forwards. “Look,” he said pulling the sleeve of his shirt up.
Lizzie stared curiously and saw a pale jagged scar running from just above his wrist all the way up to his elbow.
“I was seven,” he said quietly, “My parents told everyone I fell from a horse. I remember sitting in the hospital and listening to my Mum lie to everyone. By the end of it, I almost believed it myself. Things like that you don’t forget,” he finished rolling down his sleeve. “So what really happened?” Lizzie asked afraid to hear the answer but somehow sensing he needed to tell her. 
He was quiet for a while and then began to talk again.
“It was the first time I ever stood up to him.”
“Who?”
“My Dad,” he answered, the pain clear in his eyes, as he remembered something she couldn’t see.
“You remember when we first got here, and you asked me if I’d ever been so terrified, that even death seemed like an easier option?” 
“Vaguely,” she answered.
“Well, I do. My perfect life that everyone seems to think I have, it’s just a lie; all of it. I used to believe it myself when I was little. My Mum used to have this game where we would make a camp in my bedroom. We would hang covers up and pile cushions on the floor, and we’d snuggle inside under the covers and watch the Wizard of Oz, while eating junk food.”
He laughed quietly at the memory and then continued.
“I loved that film. It was our special time. I don’t think I ever even got to the end of the film because I always used to fall asleep. It was perfect. It was only when I got older that I realised why we did it. It was to hide from my Dad. My Mum would sing the songs to drown out his shouting, but I knew and then one day I forgot to lock the door. I can still see the look on his face, the first time I saw him hit my Mum. It made me feel so helpless. I just stood there and watched and couldn’t do anything.”
“Luke, I’m sorry,” Lizzie whispered taking his hand. 
He shook his head again, pulling away from her, the tears glistening in his eyes and continued to speak.
“It was like the curtains had been opened and no matter how hard I tried I couldn’t close them again. The pretence was dropped, and my Mum became withdrawn and quiet, which just seemed to make it worse.”
He paused for a moment unsure whether to continue and then feeling the need to finally be rid of his story, he began talking again.
“It was the day after my seventh birthday when the accident happened. I’d come in from the garden and saw them arguing. I hadn’t known what to do but as I watched him yelling at her and hitting her again and again, I flipped. I felt the anger rise up inside my chest, and I couldn’t stop myself. I caught his hand as he was about to strike her again and stood in front of her yelling at him. He just stared at me as if he couldn’t see me and then he grabbed me and threw me across the room into the breakfast table. And then he just stared at me and said, you ever talk back to me again boy, and I’ll teach you some manners.”
Lucas stopped talking, the tears finally falling and they sat in silence for a moment. 
“I remember laying there wishing my Mum would do something; just praying that she’d help me, but she didn’t and I still don’t know who I was angrier at that day; my Dad for what he’d done or my Mum for doing nothing.”
He lapsed into silence again his story told, and they sat staring at each other, neither able to talk. 
“It was the last time I ever stood up to anyone,” he finally said, “So when Sam started bullying me I had a choice. I could be a victim like my Mum, or I could join them. I know that sounds stupid now but at the time it felt right. So I became the one thing I hated more than anything else. I became my Dad. It’s just that now, with you I felt I’d finally found someone I could trust, and I don’t ever want you to feel that badly about me, don’t want you to look at me with fear or flinch when I touch you.”
“Luke…”
“Don’t,” he whispered.
“You’re not your Dad, Luke,” Lizzie said fiercely, taking his hands. “I don’t believe that, not for a second. You hide behind your anger because it’s easier than taking a risk, but it’s not real. Maraleena knew that and so do you. Somewhere deep down inside you, you know you’re not like him because if you were, you wouldn’t be here.”
Promises
Lucas couldn’t stop thinking about what Lizzie had said.
He’d tossed and turned all night until he had awoken this morning, with her words still clear in his head. 
You’re not your Dad, Luke, because if you were, you wouldn’t be here she’d said.   Lucas smiled to himself as he stepped out onto the veranda, the morning light warm as it gently rose into view.
 She was right he thought. There was no way his Dad would have jumped in that canal after someone; no way he would have kept trying to help them; not unless there was something in it for him. 
But Lucas wasn’t interested in rewards he was just finally ready to admit that he was happy being with Lizzie. 
He smiled again as he thought about her; the way she chewed her lip when she was nervous, the way her smile lit up her face, the way she looked at him with her dark brown eyes, the way she never judged. 
Even after everything he’d put her through she’d been there for him, and he owed her because last night had been the first time he’d ever spoken about his Dad; to anyone and now it felt like a great weight had been lifted; like he was finally free of him. 
He’d finally found someone he could trust; someone he could share it with; someone who would never use it against him and now he had to show her, he would do the same for her.
A sudden movement made him jump, and Lucas turned to see the great figure of the silver dragon, resting on the ground below him. He watched for a while mesmerised by the light glinting from its shimmering scales until slowly the dragon turned to look up at him and spoke.
“Are you going to just stand and stare boy or are you going to come down here?” he growled.
Lucas hastily descended the steps to join the dragon, marvelling once more at just how big he was.
“I’m sorry,” he blurted out as he approached. “I didn’t mean to interrupt you. I was just…” He paused, “Dreaming I guess.”
“Nonsense,” the dragon roared in response, “There is no apology necessary. I too was just dreaming, but I am glad of the company. For too long have I been lost but still now more than ever, do I feel truly alone.”
He continued to stare off into the distance and then with a slight shudder he seemed to shake off his melancholy, his silver scales sparkling in the early morning light and then he turned once more to Lucas and smiled.
“I do not believe we have been introduced,” he said.
“I’m Lucas,” Lucas answered.
“And I am Tracassiantus Silvertail,” the dragon replied bowing, “Or Cass as I have been called for many years now.”
Lucas laughed
“Tracassiantus Silvertail, now that’s a name,” he remarked. “No offence because I’m no expert but when Lizzie first told me your name, I did think Cass was a bit… Well un-dragonly.”
Cass laughed the sound rumbling through his chest.
“Yes but perfect for a four year old girl to pronounce and now it just feels right.”
“Okay,” Lucas surrendered, “Cass it is.”
“Indeed, Cass it is,” the dragon replied earnestly. 
They sat for a short while in silence enjoying each other’s company as the sun rose higher in the sky, the light dancing across the clouds until Lucas spoke once more.
“Its funny,” he began, “A day ago I would have thought I was in hell but now I don’t think I could feel any closer to heaven.”  
“The Dragonskeepe has that effect on people,” the dragon replied 
“Yeah, but how is this even possible. I mean surely if you think about it logically, something this big can’t just stay in the sky.”
“The Dragonskeepe was created and is still protected by great magic. For those who do not believe they will merely pass through unaware of what surrounds them, but for those that seek sanctuary in the sky, this will always be their home and will remain solid as long as they are here.”
“So you mean I won’t just fall through the clouds or off the edge,” Lucas inquired. 
“No, you most definitely won’t fall through the clouds,” Cass answered laughing.
 “Good,” Lucas said joining in with the laughter, “Because I’m kind of scared of heights.”
“And yet you still jumped from a cliff edge yesterday.”
“Honestly I didn’t really stop to think about it. I just…”
“Trusted her,” the dragon finished.
“Yeah,” Lucas nodded sheepishly.
“I know,” the dragon continued, “It was your belief in her that finally made Lizzie believe in herself again. That belief is what freed me and for that I am forever in your debt.”
“Trust me I think we’re even because if you hadn’t saved us, the birds would be picking at my dead bones at the bottom of that chasm by now.”
Cass nodded, and they fell silent again. 
“I am glad Lizzie has finally found you. She has been alone far too long,” Cass suddenly said seriously.
“So am I,” Lucas said, “Because for all the times I’ve tried to rescue her, I think she’s the one that’s actually saved me. I just wish there was some way I could repay her for it.” 
Lucas stopped talking turning to stare up into the dragon’s large face to see a smile spreading across his features.
“I think I may have a way of helping you do that,” Cass replied grinning.

******
Cass was waiting for Lizzie as she stepped out into the lush flower gardens at the rear of the castle, her amazement at her surroundings finally overshadow by the sheer pleasure of seeing him again, and as she bounded down the steps towards him, her face smiling with excitement, she was thrilled to see the large dragon smile back. 
“Good morning little one,” he growled in greeting, bending low to reach her as she ran towards him and threw her arms around his scaly neck. 
She kissed him briefly on the cheek and then pulled away feeling like a little girl on Christmas morning.
“Actually I slept great,” she answered, “For the first time in ages I had no nightmares.”
“I am pleased,” Cass smiled.
Lizzie grinned back unable to contain her happiness.
“How is this even possible,” she asked finally, “I mean did I dream you; are you real?”
Cass held his claw to his mouth and smiled again.
“There is plenty of time for questions,” he said seriously, “But first I think your friend has a surprise for you.”
“A surprise?” she asked bemused looking around. “Where is Luke, he’d already gone when I woke up.”
“Come, and I will show you,” he finished, beginning to head towards a great arch on the far side of the garden. 
Lizzie caught up following him through the archway as she admired the way the giant dragon gracefully glided along beside her, as smooth and as silent as an ice skater until they finally reached a set of steps leading down to a large stone pavilion. 
She glanced over at Cass questioningly as she followed him down, but the dragon just winked knowingly and continued lower until as they reached the bottom, her stomach gave a lurch as she realised what she was looking at.
It was a huge swimming pool, sunken deep into the swirls of clouds, a set of smooth glass steps disappearing into the crystal water and there swimming towards her was Lucas.    “A swimming pool?” she asked her voice cracking. “This is my surprise?”
“It is a bathing pool for our brothers, the Sea Dragons, when they honour us with a visit”
She watched in alarm as Lucas finally reached the side and burst from the water, a big smile on his face.
“Finally,” he said in way of a greeting, “I’ve been waiting ages.”
“Waiting for what?” Lizzie asked, dreading his answer.
“For you,” he answered smiling.
“I’m not getting in there,” she rebuked, realising what he meant, “You know how much I hate water.” 
“Yeah, I do,” he said, “Which is why I think it’s about time we do something about it.”
Lizzie turned to Cass shaking her head.
“I can’t,” she choked.
“You can not overcome fear unless you face it,” the dragon interrupted her. “It is always best to do that with someone you trust.”
“But…I’m scared,” she pleaded, turning back to Lucas, “Don’t make me.”
Lucas laughed.
“Seriously, you’re standing on a castle, made entirely of clouds; hundreds of miles up in the air, talking to a real life dragon and you’re scared of getting in here with me”
“Luke…”
“Lizzie, let me try and make this better,” he interrupted her, moving over to the bottom of the steps. “Last night I trusted you and it helped so much. Now it’s my turn to do it for you,” he said holding his hand out towards her, “You just have to trust me. I won’t let you go. I promise.”
She looked back at Cass and then back down at Lucas waiting for her, and she felt sick. Now what did she do?
Her fear of the water was so intense, the back of her throat dry, her heart racing, her breathing becoming shallow but what was worse than that was her fear of losing Lucas. She could see the pleading look in his eyes, the need for her to trust him, and she knew she had no choice. If she turned away from him now, she was saying that she didn’t trust him, and it would never be the same again. 
“Okay,” she whispered, unable to hide the shaking of her voice as she slowly stripped down to her tunic, her hands trembling as she watched Lucas flinch at the sight of her bruises flushing purple across the tops of her arms and neck, but he never turned away, and so taking a deep breath she trod down onto the first step, gasping sharply as the water closed over her feet. 
It wasn’t cold like she was expecting, the water warm and welcoming but as she continued down the steps she couldn’t breathe, the air instead escaping from her lungs in great rattling gasps as all thoughts were swept from her mind, and she focused on the one thing that was keeping her moving; Lucas.
She finally reached the bottom step, her toes resting over the precipices that disappeared into the depths below and her breath caught in her throat. She didn’t know if she could do this and then she felt Lucas take her hand.
“It’s okay I’ve got you,” he said, “I promise.”
She closed her eyes taking a deep breath and then stepped forwards, waiting for the water to wash over her face but instead she felt Lucas’ other hand on her waist, and she opened her eyes to see Lucas smiling at her as they floated towards the centre of the pool. 
“I’ve got you,” he repeated and Lizzie felt herself breath once more.

******
Cass had left the children in the pool, feeling his presence intruding and had instead decided to brave the castle he had been unable to enter, the previous night. 
He had wished almost instantly that he hadn’t, for although the castle’s magic had preserved its beauty, the sorrow that filled him was overwhelming as he looked around at the empty shell it now was; the memories floating through his consciousness with every step. 
This place had been filled with such laughter and happiness once, he thought but it had been many years since he had walked these hallways; many years since he had looked upon the painting and statues of his family; many years since he had stepped inside the place he had called home and there was no happiness here any longer, it was as if the castle’s heart had long since ceased to beat, leaving only sadness and loss for the memories that were slowly slipping away with time and with it came the one thing he had been trying to ignore all along. 
He was alone.
He had known it the moment he had been freed from his prison, but it was only now as he walked through these empty hallways that the realisation struck him, like a final death blow. 
He was the only one.
His family, his friends, they were all gone and now the only thing he had had left, his hope that he had lived with all these years, that one day he would see them again had also slipped away, leaving him as empty as the castle he now wandered through. 
He closed his eyes, the weight of his loss crushing him until without warning he felt a brief flutter in his chest. His eyes flicked open once more as he walked over to the large glass doors, at the far end of the hallway and looked out glancing downwards as he did so, hearing the sound of laughter before he saw the children playing in the water, and Cass smiled.
He was wrong.
There was always hope as long as there was something to believe in.

******
 “So,” Cass began, after they had finished dinner that evening, in the large dining hall “You have filled me in on your journey so far, I believe it is now my time to answer some questions. What is it you would like to know?”
He smiled broadly to himself as Lizzie and Lucas both began talking excitedly at the same time.
“Where are we?”
“How did you get here?”
“Where did you come from?”
“How have you met Lizzie before?”
Cass laughed deeply shaking his head.
“One question at a time,” he chuckled, “And I believe I will start with where we are, as it is probably the easiest to answer. We are, of course, in the Dragonskeepe, sitting within the Great Halls of Aurencrest Goldenheart, the king of all dragons. This castle was created many many years ago when dragons first arrived in Kaimeara and was forged from the clouds themselves. Sculpted and crafted with such care and then sealed with dragon’s breath so none could destroy it, it became a sanctuary for my brethren that no enemy could find or reach. When the allegiance between dragon and man were made the charms were altered to allow honoured guests to visit without feeling…” he paused slightly and then continued “Intimidated by the size.”
“You’re kidding, right this place is huge,” Lucas interrupted.
“Yes it is,” the dragon laughed but you should have seen it before. Now your next questions are not so easy to answer, and I still do not understand fully but I will try my best to explain.”
He raised his claw slightly and placed it gently on the table in front of them
“I have spent many years now trapped within a simple shell,” he began removing his claw and revealing Lizzie’s silver dragon brooch.
It glistened brightly in the candlelight as it slowly spun several times before coming to a stop. 
“I do not know how or why but I have been unable to break free from my prison, trapped within its confines until you believed in me once more and freed me.”
“The spell,” Lucas interrupted, “Don’t you remember Sydney telling us. There was a wizard.”
“Silverwolf,” Lizzie joined in, her words overshadowed by a large growl bursting from Cass’ jaws.
“Silverwolf was banned,” he hissed.
“Yeah,” Lucas continued, “That was it. On the night he was sentenced, just before he was banished he uttered three words and then vanished. It was only afterwards that they realised all the dragons had disappeared too.”
“All the dragons,” Cass asked his voice low. “So I was not alone in my fate.”
Lizzie shook her head, and they descended into silence as the sorrow washed once more over the giant dragon.
“So that explains how I got there,” Cass eventually said.
“Yeah, but it doesn’t explain how Lizzie knows you,” Lucas asked.
“Unfortunately that question is still a mystery even to me but I will tell you what I do know. I have known you a very long time and whether it by coincidence or fate I have been with you nearly your whole life.”
He paused, smiling down at Lizzie.
“You were truly amazing when you were little, your belief so strong,” he paused, seeing the flush of colour rise across her face, “But, unfortunately, the magic in your world was not and so my freedom came within your dreams and on occasion your daydreams. It was only as you grew older that your belief faded and was lost. Until now of course and that is what finally freed me.”
“I’m so sorry,” Lizzie suddenly burst out. “For not…  I don’t know. For not remembering; not believing I guess.”
“There is no apology needed, little one.”
“But if you were trapped does that mean the other dragons could be there as well,” Lucas asked.
“I honestly do not know,” Cass answered, “Without knowing the spell that was cast, we will not know. But it is definitely something to include in our search.”
“Search,” Lizzie questioned.
Cass laughed.
“Our search for the Isle of Simkus of course,” he replied smiling, “And I know exactly where to start looking.”


Part Three 
Shattered
The Search for Truth
Lizzie had never seen so many books in her entire life, and as she stood in the centre of the library they had entered, circling in disbelief, she was suddenly reminded of a scene from her favourite kid’s film.
She had always loved the bit where the Beast threw back the curtains to reveal the towering bookshelves and had always hoped one day she would be able to stand in a room just like it, and now she was.
But this library was even better than she could have ever dreamed of.
She smiled to herself, looking around at the rows and rows of vast shelves, overflowing with hundreds of books in every shape and size imaginable. 
There were giant ones, the size of Lizzie’s body, their pictures beautifully painted beneath hand crafted covers. Tiny miniature ones that needed a magnifying glass to read the small cramped writing. Hundreds of ancient looking scrolls, their edges faded and papery as if they would fall to pieces at any moment but this was only the beginning as Cass pointed out several sets of spiral staircases leading to private reading rooms, where the important books were kept for safety.
Cass had lead them to one of these rooms, where they’d found several worn chairs, and a large table, the walls around them stuffed once more with books and here they had begun the long task of finding any reference of the Isle of Simkus.

******
They spent days searching through book after book, examining texts and scrolls until Lizzie’s head buzzed and her body ached. Unable to bare it any longer she had left Lucas and Cass to their relentless task and decided to explore the castle instead.
The size of it still astounded her, the vast rooms and endless hallways filled with treasures more beautiful than she’d ever seen, even in the museums at home. 
There were statues of dragons, humans and creatures she did not know: suits of armour, swords and weapons, jewellery and crowns; that glistened with gems of every colour and ornaments of every size and shape. 
The walls were lined with paintings and tapestries, the unique details and colours dazzling as they depicted scenes and battles from historical events. Telling stories and tales of old, filled with heroes and quests, their vibrant colours filling Lizzie’s head with wonder. 
She was fascinated with the history, researching the dragon royal family and the bloodlines. Learning all she could about their King, Aurencrest Goldenheart and the magic the dragons possessed and even though she knew she should have been in the library helping Lucas, something about her task felt right; like she was meant to find something.
It was while she was seeking out information on the king that she found the passage.   She wasn’t sure why she’d never seen it before because she had walked past it several times but for some reason this times as she passed the stone statue of the gargoyle, that stood guard, she caught a slight flicker of light and almost as if in a dream she automatically turned towards him. 
Instead of finding a solid wall, she found herself standing in a long passageway lined with paintings, a soft orange glow lighting the way. Lizzie could feel the magic at once, a strong underlying current that coursed across her skin, a feeling of excitement growing inside her. She walked on carefully examining the details of each of the paintings, recognising most of the dragons and people in them; the images filling her head as she was transported into their world. The sounds and emotions were brought to life around her as she followed the passages as if in a trance until she found herself standing at the bottom of a small set of stairs. 
She climbed them cautiously, unsure where they went and was surprised to find they lead to a large doorway; the heavy door closed tightly in its frame, hidden by a long velvet curtain.
She reached out hesitantly reaching for the handle, half expecting it to be locked and was relieved when it turned smoothly, the door pushing inwards. She stepped through, the magic washing over her as she did so, her breath knocked from body as she found herself standing on a large balcony overlooking a large chamber; her eyes instantly drawn to a huge painting hanging on the opposite wall and filling the entire room.
The scene was like none she had ever seen before, not even in the castle, the vibrant colours almost alive and she longed to reach out and touch them but it was the images themselves that made her stare in wonder.
In the centre of the canvas stood Aurencrest Goldenheart, his golden scales glimmering, a blaze of flames pouring from his jaws and merging with a wall of fire, fading into the distance. Beside him stood the Silver dragon she had seen in pictures all around the castle, his monstrous claws held up protectively, his huge spiked tail raised in warning as he stared out at her.
Both dragons stood upon a beach, clear blue water running alongside towering cliffs rising above them; a set of worn stairs carved into the stone and high up on the top of the rocks stood a crowd of people watching.
Lizzie strained her eyes trying to get a better look and then as she glimpsed around her spotted another set of steps leading down into the empty chamber.    
She descended quickly unable to take her eyes away from the painting and as she drew nearer realised that there were strange creatures swimming in the deep water; whilst the rocks themselves seemed to be made up of figures, their bodies posed holding weapons of all shapes and sizes. 
The figures standing on the cliffs were human. A tall man with long blonde hair; an ornate crown resting on his head stood out as they observed the scene below them and now from where she was standing Lizzie could see another smaller dragon standing beside the other two, its face hidden as it watched something intently. She followed its gaze to see that it was staring at several winged horses, their powerful wings spread wide in flight, flying far in the distance, hovering on the horizon just above a haze of colours that disappeared behind the burnished flames, spreading throughout the scenes.
Still transfixed Lizzie stood staring in awe until something caught her eye, and she moved closer to see a small piece of parchment painted onto the bottom of the scene, its rolled edges looking exactly the same as the ones the Grindal had given them. 
Her breath caught in her throat as she apprehensively reached out and traced her fingers along the three words written on it, mouthing them silently as she did so.
“Seek the light.”
She didn’t know what it meant, but she could feel a strong pulse emanating from the painting; an urgency that flowed through her. She looked up at the images above, the silver dragon staring down at her; his eyes boring into her as if they could see her and she was unexpectedly reminded of Cass. 
The dragon in the painting was much bigger then Cass, his face harder but there was something about the eyes that sent butterflies fluttering through her stomach, and she stepped backwards, the sudden thought of her friend startling her; her eyes flickering as if she was waking from a dream. 
She looked around the room she was standing in as if seeing it for the first time. 
She wasn’t sure how long she’d been there, but the light reflecting in the high windows was darkening, and she was sure it was getting late. Lizzie glanced back up at the painting a fierce resolution washing over her that this was what they were looking for and made swiftly for the stairs.
She may not know what it meant, but she was sure Cass would. She just had a strange feeling she needed to get to him straight away.
She left the room behind running down the passages, her head beginning to feel fuzzy and hastily burst past the gargoyle statue to find herself standing on the balcony overlooking the grand staircase. She leant forward onto the hand rail catching her breath, a slight feeling of unease washing over her as she looked around suddenly a little unsure of what she was doing. 
She glimpsed back at the stone gargoyle watching her carefully and shook her head. 
She was sure she was doing something, but she couldn’t quite remember what it was. It had something to do with finding Cass she mused.
“Hey,” Lucas called startling her from her thoughts.
“Hey,” she answered, “You seen Cass?”
“Yeah,” Lucas replied, grinning at her, “We’ve got a surprise for you.”
“Oh no, it isn’t anything like your last surprise is it?”
Lucas laughed
“No, you’ll love it, I promise.”
“That remains to be seen,” she replies sarcastically as she followed Lucas up the stairs to the tower.
“So what are you looking for Cass for?” he asked as they reached the tower door.
“I can’t remember,” she said puzzled, “I guess it couldn’t have been very important.”

******
The sun had just begun to set as they stepped out onto the tower roof, the blazing colours filling the sky with a beauty that took their breath away. Cass was waiting for them in the rooftop garden, his tail lazily swinging into the abyss below, a large picnic blanket laid out on the floor in front of him, and he smiled warmly as they approached, clearly enjoying the last warmth of the hot sun.
“Ok, does someone want to tell me what’s going on?” Lizzie asked curiously as she knelt down onto the blanket and joined Cass.
“Ok, we’re probably really wrong and got the days completely messed up because it’s different here,” Lucas began sitting down beside her, “But I think its right…,” He paused flustered and then smiled at her, “Happy Birthday!” he finished sheepishly.
“What,” she laughed looking over at Cass, “You’re serious.”
“Happy Birthday little one,” Cass beamed in answer.
“I can’t believe you did this,” she smiled looking around at all the food. “It’s amazing.”
“Well stop talking, and get on with eating then,” Lucas mumbled embarrassed, gently pushing her.
They spent hours talking, eating and laughing, enjoying each other’s company and as the sun began to sink lower Lizzie realised she finally felt content. She looked over at her two friends a warm feeling rushing through her body, and she smiled until Cass interrupted her thoughts.
“I think it is almost time for presents,” he remarked.
“You didn’t have to get me presents,” she protested.
“We know,” Lucas answered, holding out a small gift wrapped box he had retrieved from his pocket, “But we did anyway.”
Lizzie smiled again, taking the present from him and pulled open the small blue bow tied around it.
“It’s nothing really,” Lucas blushed, “I found it…”
“Luke it’s beautiful,” Lizzie interrupted him, taking a small white pebble the shape of a heart from the box, its smooth polished surface perfectly flawless, but as she held it up to the light, she was surprised she could now see a thin silver vein, weaving through the stone making it seem as if it were pulsating, like a beating heart. 
She looked up into his face and smiled, a fierce ache gripping her chest as he smiled back, neither able to look away, and then a sudden burst of sound broke the moment. They both looked up to see the sky erupt into flames, the sinking sun looking as if it had exploded, the bursts of colours blazing through the sky, like lightning bolts or shooting stars, turning from orange to red to blue to green before fading in a silver shower of sparks, that rained down on the horizon.
“Now it is time for my gift,” Cass sighed motioning to the darkening sky as several more explosions sounded, the echoes reverberating through the silence, and Lizzie was reminded of the firework displays she had gone to as a child.
But none of the displays she had seen were ever like this, as the swirling colours danced in the sky, growing brighter as the sun finally disappeared, the darkness of the twilight only accentuating the beauty of the scene.
“What is it?” Lizzie questioned
“The Elemental fires,” Cass whispered reverently as they watched. 
“But what causes them?” Lucas asked.
“Magic,” Cass answered. “It has been hundreds of years since we have been blessed with their magic and the both of you are the only humans ever to have witnessed them.”
“Cass, they’re beautiful,” she exclaimed moving to sit, pressed up against the dragons curled body as she watched the flashes of light shooting through the sky. “Thank you for sharing them with us.”
The dragon smiled in response as she felt Lucas move in besides her, his body comforting as they watched.
They sat there long into the night, huddled against the dragon’s chest for warmth as the Elemental Fires burned through the darkness, lighting up the stars.

******
“Lizzie, are you alright?” Cass’ voice yelled up the stairs of the reading room, a few days later.
“Yeah,” she answered, groaning as she heaved once more against the heavy bookshelf she was trying to move.
“Do you need a hand?”
“No, I’m okay,” she yelled, stretching down once more to reach for a dusty book that she had been trying to retrieve from behind the bookshelf, for the last half an hour. 
“Yes!” she cried as her fingers finally grasped the spine and manoeuvring it slowly, gently edged the book upwards until she held it triumphantly in her hands.
She collapsed into a chair, turning her prize over to read the cover of the dusty purple book, a sudden feeling of familiarity washing over her.
“Dragon Tales,” she read aloud, the name ringing in her ears as she slowly opened the book and read the first story title, “A tale of two dragons.”
She ran her hand slowly over the illustration a sudden feeling of sadness washing over her as she thought about the title. 
Two dragons!
The bond with Cass had been deepening since their stay in the castle, and she could feel his despair at being the only dragon left and deep down inside she knew there was some way she could make this better. Only she couldn’t do it. She couldn’t say the words out loud. It was just too hard. She had tried.
“Hey, you alright,” Lucas asked, startling her as he ran up the steps.
“Yeah,” she answered, “Just taking a trip down memory lane, nothing important. What’s up?” she finished, closing the book.
“You were supposed to meet me out at the pool,” he reminded her as Lizzie pulled a face. “Oh is that now?” she teased.
“Lizzie you’re getting much better…”
“I know, I know,” she interrupted getting to her feet and throwing her hands up in defeat, “I’m coming.” 
She followed Lucas from the room her doubts still closing in on her as she headed towards the one thing she feared most of all. 

******

The cool bathing pool was surprisingly refreshing after the stuffy library and as she sank into the water Lizzie realised that she no longer felt that complete terror of being in the water. Granted she still didn’t like it, but it was getting easier and the more she learnt to swim the less it seemed to worry her. 
She guessed she had Lucas to thank for that.
She looked over to where he glided gracefully beside her, keeping pace as she clumsily splashed around and felt another sudden rush of warmth rise to her cheeks. It was funny how your opinion of someone could change. She didn’t know what she would do without him any more or Cass for that matter. 
At the thought of her dragon friend a sudden crushing feeling of sorrow washed over her again, her doubts eating away at her as she forced herself to concentrate on what she was doing but it was getting harder to ignore. 
They reached the end of the lap and Lucas pulled himself out onto the steps, shaking the water from his hair and wiping his eyes as he motioned her to join him.
“That was easy,” she joked climbing up and sitting beside him, “Decided to go easy on me.”
“No, but for some reason I get the impression you’re not really here,” he answered.
“Luke, I’m fine.”
“No, you’re not, so spill it,” he added, nudging her playfully in the side.
Lizzie shook her head.
“It’s nothing,” she replied.
“So then tell me.”
She looked over at him, the concern in his eyes showing clearly, and she began to talk.
“It’s Cass,” she started, pulling her knees tightly to her chest and hugging them protectively. “I can feel how sad he is, how alone he feels and I know there’s something I can do to stop it but I can’t make myself do it”
“You want to tell him about Rose, don’t you,” he remarked softly.
Lizzie looked up again, the relief crashing over her as she realised that Lucas really understood and shared her concerns. That he felt the same way.
She nodded.
“I hate lying to him. If I could just let him know that he’s not the only one, that he’s not alone; that there is still hope” she paused for a moment trying to articulate her thoughts. “But I can’t. I’ve tried so many times to tell him, but it’s as if my mouth won’t work, like I can’t say the words…”
“Like something’s stopping you” Lucas finished.
Lizzie nodded again. 
“We swore to keep her secret,” Lucas began, “I think that means we are now bound to the magic that protects her. Not even under the witch’s spell did I mention it. Even if I’d wanted to tell, I couldn’t break that promise.”
“Well, I guess we have something to be grateful for,” Lizzie smiled weakly.
 Lucas returned the smile warmly, giving her arm a soft squeeze.
“We’ll find a way of telling him,” he reassured her. “If not we’ll just have to find a way to show him.

******
Unable to bare the thought of returning to the musty library after the brightness of the pool, Lizzie had left Lucas to it and continued her exploration of the castle. There was still something bothering her about the last time she had ventured into the top hallways, but she couldn’t for the life of her remember what it was and so on a quest to jog her memory she ascended to the Eastern tower, to begin her search.
It was much cooler this side of the castle, and as the day wore on and the shadows lengthened Lizzie lost herself amidst the battles of the past; revelling in the beauty around her. She marvelled once more at the intricately woven tapestries and the sheer size of the monstrous sculptures but as her hunger finally got the better of her she quit her search and began to make her way back down to the lower levels, stopping suddenly as a glimmer of light caught her eye. 
Thinking it might be what she was trying to remember she moved closer, disappointment crossing her face as she saw a huge painting covered by a large red drape, the spark of light peeking temptingly from between the gaps in the thick fabric. 
She sighed in frustration turning from the light and then suddenly stopped circling back to stare once more at the painting, reaching out hesitantly to brush the fabric aside.
Her hands paused as she traced her fingers along the four letters engraved into the wooden frame, her other hand trembling as she gave a sharp tug, pulling the fabric free of the painting and letting it fall to the floor at her feet.
“Cass,” she whispered looking up into the face of the magnificent silver dragon.
The Missing Clue
Lizzie burst through the library doors, the draught sending a pile of scrolls fluttering to the floor as she marched determinedly across them, looking for Cass. There was no sign of the dragon, the table he normally used empty, but as she followed the sounds of movement she eventually found him amidst a pile of books on the upper levels.
“Why didn’t you tell me,” she demanded angrily as she descended on him.
“Tell you what little one?” Cass replied earnestly, pausing in his actions to look up at her. “That you’re the silver dragon in all the paintings, the statues, the stories. You let me believe you were my mine.”
“Lizzie, please,” Cass tried to interrupt.
“No,” she shouted, “I’m such an idiot. Tracassiantus Silvertail, of the royal blood line; you were next in line to be King. Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because those things are no longer important to me.”
“Not important?” she asked bemused.
Cass shook his head approaching slowly and knelt before her, his large face now level with hers.
“Just because I am of noble blood does not mean I am ready to rule. And even if I were, who would I rule? There are no others of my kind left. Whatever my destiny was before, it changed the moment I met you and I would want it no other way. Who I was no longer matters. It is who I will become that is important now.” 
“You should have told me,” she whispered.
“I know,” he answered. “I am truly sorry but I haven’t been Tracassiantus for so long now, that it no longer feels right”
Lizzie looked up, the tears beginning to glisten in her eyes.
“But you used to let me colour in your scales with my crayons,” she uttered aghast.
“And make me have tea with your dolls, if I remember rightly,” he teased.
Lizzie shook her head clutching it in her hands in horror.
“And I would not give up those memories for anything,” Cass added lifting her chin gently.
“But why?” she whispered, “You were a great warrior; a hero. Why would you do that for me?”
“Because I am your guardian Lizzie, your sworn protector; we are one; our hearts entwined forever. We are bound to each other, so I now feel what you feel; all the uncertainty, the insecurities, the fear.” 
He brushed her hair gently from her face before continuing to talk.
“But I also feel what you try so hard to hide; your strength, your goodness, your power. It has always been there, simmering beneath the surface; you just need to believe in yourself. It is my duty to help you find it.”
“That’s what Leviro told me,” Lizzie answered wiping a tear from her face.
“I know,” Cass smiled, “Even though I was trapped I was still aware of my surroundings.  Leviro is a very wise man, whom you should trust.”
Lizzie smiled staring up into the eyes of the beautiful dragon and felt a wave of warmth rush through her body.
“We must be ready to accept our destiny,” he remarked seriously. “A time is coming Lizzie, that has no place for fear or doubt. A time of darkness that we will face together but to defeat this enemy you will have to find that strength and courage inside yourself. I will help you, for I fear that if you do not, we will all be lost forever.” 
Lizzie looked up, the seriousness of Cass’ words washing over her but before she could speak a sudden noise made her flinch as the sound of a chair crashing to the floor boomed through the silence. 
She turned towards the noise just in time to see Lucas leaping down the spiral staircase, taking the last three steps in one giant leap.
“I’ve found something,” he beamed holding up a large purple coloured book for them to see. “I’m not interrupting anything, am I,” he asked seeing the look on their faces.
Lizzie shrugged, wrinkling her nose in confusion as she read the title out loud.
“Dragon Tales, Luke you sure you’re feeling alright? You really need to get some sleep”
“I’m serious Lizzie,” he replied, laying the book on the table in front of them.
“So was I,” she remarked, following him. “That’s just some old fairy story book. I found it this morning. There’s nothing in it.”
Lucas looked up puzzled.
“You found this earlier and you didn’t say anything?”
“There wasn’t anything to tell,” she snapped, “It was just stuck down the back of one of the shelves. I only pulled it out because it reminded me of one I used to have when I was little.”
“Anything else look familiar?” he asked, opening the book and pushing it towards her. Lizzie stepped forward, her smart retort catching on her lips as she looked down at the beautifully illustrated picture.
It was Cass.
But it wasn’t just a drawing of a silver dragon that resembled Cass, it was him. 
Every detail, every line; it was perfect.
“But that isn’t what I meant when I said I’d found something,” Lucas began, catching Lizzie’s eyes as she looked up, “This is!”
He very slowly turned the page to reveal a small scrap of torn parchment, pressed inside the next page of the book. 
“Seek the light,” she whispered, her eyes growing wide as she gently stroked the rough edges of the brown fraying paper.
“I don’t know how I know,” Lucas said reverently, “But I just do.”
He looked past Lizzie to see Cass watching them intently, the Dragons features intense and thoughtful.
“I’m right aren’t I?” he asked the dragon.
“I do not know,” Cass answered, “But something about it does feel right. Does the story mention The Isle of Simkuss at all?”
Lucas shook his head.
“No, nothing.”
“Why does this sound so familiar,” Lizzie interrupted, a small scowl spreading across her face. “I’ve heard it somewhere or seen it written or…” she shook her head in confusion. “Why can’t I remember?” she snapped irritably.
“Do not worry little one,” Cass soothed her as she continued to flick through the book, “It will come back to you. Usually when you least expect it”
******
 Lizzie raced along the darkened passageways, her bare feet padding noiselessly on the cool marble floor beneath her; the wall candles flickering to life one by one as she approached; filling the hall with light as she swept past on her silent mission.
“Luke,” she called loudly, bursting through his door with a crash and startling him awake. “Quick, I know where it is,” she yelled breathlessly to her sleepy friend, dashing once more from his room before he could reply and continuing her flight through the sleeping castle.
He caught up with her as she reached the grand staircase, the wide expanse of steps disappearing into the darkness above them, but she didn’t slow as she leant slightly over the banister and yelled into the empty space below her.
“Cass, come quick,” she called several times before she heard the stirring of the large dragon below and was relieved to finally see the glimmer of his wings as he took flight and joined them.
“Lizzie what on earth are you doing?” Lucas asked grabbing her arm to slow her progress. 
“It’s not even light yet. Could this have not waited until morning?”
 “Shh, I don’t want to lose it,” she whispered closing her eyes tightly and pausing for a moment. 
Lucas turned to Cass in exasperation, wearily wiping the sleep from his eyes and saw the dragon seemed just as confused as he was.
Lucas shrugged as Lizzie took off once again, finishing her mad dash up the stairs and was surprised to see her enter a passage that he had never noticed before. He wasn’t sure why he’d never seen it before because it was huge, but he was quiet sure it hadn’t been there.
He followed deftly after her and found they were now hurrying down a series of long passageways, the walls lined with hundreds of pictures and tapestries, the colours rich and vibrant; filling the air with life. He could almost feel the battles depicted, hear the cheers of celebration buzzing in his ears and for a moment his was rendered breathless, overcome with the emotions around him. 
Lizzie didn’t slow continuing her quest until finally she reached a smaller set of steps leading upwards. He chased after her as she ascended, coming to halt beside her as she finally stepped through a doorway and stopped to find they were now standing on a wide balcony overlooking a large room. 
On the opposite side of the room, filling the entire wall with its presence, hung an enormous painting; its golden frame glistening in the flickering lights, that were springing to life around them, but nothing could compare to the beautiful scene depicted. 
“I found this the other day,” Lizzie said quickly, “I meant to ask Cass about it but as soon as I’d left the passage I forgot about it. It was almost as if someone was trying to stop me remembering it, but then last night I had a dream…,” she paused, “I didn’t want to risk forgetting it again,” she finished, in way of an apology for waking them. 
Lucas moved forward realising he hadn’t breathed yet and let a long slow breath escape from his lips. 
“It’s beautiful,” he whispered.
“I know,” Lizzie replied, hastily descending another set of steps leading into the room, Cass close behind her. Lucas stood for a moment longer and then dashed after, joining them as they stood staring up at the magnificent painting.
“See,” Lizzie finally spoke, reaching up and running her hand along a small patch of the image. “Seek the light. I knew I’d seen it somewhere.”
Lucas stepped closer and was now able to see what had caused Lizzie’s race through the early morning darkness. Painted into the picture was a small blank parchment that was the image of the one they had found only hours earlier. He ran his hand over the smooth image, tracing slowly as he did so, the words that were written there.
“Seek the light,” he repeated in disbelief. “How did you know,” he asked turning to look at Lizzie.
“I didn’t,” she replied, “Do you really think it’s a clue?”
“I don’t know,” Lucas replied suddenly pulling something from his pocket and holding out the parchment they had found in the book. He turned it slowly and then stared back up at the painting. “It’s a slightly different colour,” he said, “But they look the same. Even the edges along the top seem to match.” 
He leant forwards and placed it flat against the picture, covering the top of the painted parchment. It was an exact match. He turned sideways to meet Lizzie’s puzzled look and then withdrew the paper again.
“Look,” she whispered, “The colour on the painting is a slightly different colour. The bit that matches our piece of parchment is lighter.”
They stood staring for a bit longer, and then as one turned to look up at Cass, who had not spoken throughout their discussion.
“Cass, what do you think?” Lizzie asked.
“I remember this,” he whispered, stepping forward and tenderly tracing his talon along the images before him. “I was just a boy. How could I have forgotten? The Island through the flames.”
Lizzie and Lucas exchanged a quick look and then stepped closer to the dragon.
“Cass what is it?” Lucas asked his voice quivering slightly at the dragon’s reaction, but Cass seemed not to hear, lost inside his memories as he continued to speak.
“My father helped create it,” he began. “He was truly a magnificent dragon,” he remarked, holding his claw against the monstrous silver dragon painted before him and then letting it wander down to the smaller silver dragon beside him. “I remember feeling so small; so in awe as I watched him and when the ceremony was complete he turned to me and said Remember this day my son, for your time will come. Your destiny is truly great. Trust in yourself always and one day you will save us all.”
“Cass,” Lizzie asked, placing her hand over the dragon’s claw and feeling the tremble running through him.
He smiled at her touch, lowering his head.
“I remember,” he said, “I know what we need to do. You should step back for this.”
Lizzie and Lucas edged cautiously away from the dragon, a brief flickering of fear flooding over them as they watched Cass breath deeply, a rumbling growl sounding from deep inside him and then as he blew gently a small burst of bright fire filled the air, crackling across the painting.
Lizzie felt herself gasp, a sharp intake of breath as the flames consumed the beautiful pictures, the astonishment at what he had down filling her with dread. As Cass stopped though, and the blaze receded Lizzie noticed that the painting was untouched, the bright colours blazing even truer in the dragons flames and then as the magic found its source, a burst of white light flashed through the room, and Lizzie saw words appearing on the painted blank parchment, the edges of the paper slowly peeling away until as the last words were written the ancient paper fell softly to the floor at their feet.
Unable to move they all stood staring in disbelief as the last of the magic died away and then with hesitant movements Lucas stepped forward and picked the parchment up.
“It’s another clue,” he breathed quietly, looking from Lizzie to Cass and as the dragon nodded Lucas began to read. 
“Seek the light at the edge of heaven
Close your eyes and count to seven
Fire, Water, Earth and Air
Journey down the weathered stair
Enter now through gates of stone
And walk upon the path of bone
Through morning flames you show no fear
The Isle of Simkus will thus appear.”
Lucas stopped reading and turned to look once more at Lizzie and Cass.
“But what does it mean?” Lizzie asked confused, “How are we supposed to find the way if we don’t know where to start. I mean, what is the edge of heaven and where is it?”
“I do not know, little one,” Cass answered smiling at her, “But sometimes you just need to close your eyes and follow your heart.”
Wings of Darkness
Velos liked to hum.
He preferred it much more to singing, the low, monotonous drone soothing to his ears.   At the moment, he was humming one of his favourites, a tune that he couldn’t quite remember but he was sure it was something about burning bridges down, and it always filled him with a satisfied longing.
He looked down at the peasant lying on the table before him, his body slack; staring up into the darkness from unseeing eyes, the last drop of his life slowly dripping into the pool of blood, now collecting on the ground.
He’d known all along that the peasant knew nothing. That his simple heart had prevented him from lying but still Velos had enjoyed his screams of anguish and pain too much to stop.
It was like the humming; white noise that soothed his soul.
He gently placed the sharp sliver of glass lovingly on the counter and smiled. It was always so much more enjoyable than a knife.
Then motioning to the guards he turned to leave.
“Hang him from the tower,” he rasped coldly. “Let it be a warning to all who dare to defy me.”
Velos strode from the room, winding his way through the darkened passageways until he reached Hemlock’s study and without knocking burst into the room, to find the hunched figure of his servant, pawing over a large pile of scrolls, stacked on the table in front of him. 
“Have you found anything?” he demanded.
“Nothing, My Lord,” Hemlock replied nervously, “I have searched and searched, but I can find no mention of it. It is as if it does not exist.”
“There must be something?” he growled angrily, striking the table with such force, all the scrolls scattered to the floor.  “Why else would they be searching for it?” 
“There are only the legends; the stories which have been passed down through the generations, but even these do not hold any truth as to where the island lays.”
“What about Feeola?” he asked 
“We have only whispers of the rhyme that the witch could remember, but nothing that helps. Maybe if there was more…”
“Maybe I should go there myself,” Velos barked, interrupting him. “I’m quite sure I could help her remember, unlike that useless boy.”
He strode over to the window, flinching as he stared out into the bright afternoon light and then turned back to Hemlock.
“Have we heard anything from Malaeck since his failure in the desert?”
Hemlock shook his lowered head.
“That boy is such a waste of my time; did I teach him nothing?” he flared, smashing his hand down onto the rows of potion bottles, standing on the shelf beside him, his body rigid with hatred. “What I’m going to do to him, when I get my hands on him,” he fumed, “I’ll teach him a lesson he won’t ever forget.”
He stood up straight again, pulling himself to his full height and then turned to leave, indicating to Hemlock to follow.
“Open the link to the castle,” he ordered, “I want some answers.”

******
Malaeck’s eyes flew open, his body shuddering as he tore himself from his dream, his knuckles white as he gripped the walls enclosing him; the stones slick and oily beneath his fingers.
After his defeat he had returned to his prison, crawled inside the hiding place, that had once sheltered him from harm and in the darkness the madness had returned to him, washing away all rational thought and feeling, on an angry tide of hatred. 
A hatred so evil that it consumed every inch of him, except for that one small part that refused to be destroyed, that tiny flicker that flared deep inside him every time he thought of the beautiful silver creature gliding through the air. 
He closed his eyes again letting the image fill his head as his heartbeat slowed.
The creature’s beauty still astounded him, still took his breath away; its flawless lines, its power, its pure magic creating a force around itself and its riders. What he would not give to run his hands along the smooth glistening scales and feel its powerful wings beating beneath him.
But the more he yearned for what he could not have the more he longed to destroy it.  One day that creature would be his, and he would make them all pay.
“Feeling nostalgic?” Feeola’s cold, harsh voice broke through his thoughts, and he opened his eyes once more to see the Sea Witch, standing in the cell opposite him.
He waited a moment curious to see if the familiar wave of fear would wash over him, as it had so many times before, but he felt nothing any longer. He jumped deftly from his hiding place to stand before her, his muscular body now towering over her.
“I remember when you first came here,” Feeola remarked. “You were such a cutie, with those big brown eyes.”
She reached up, gently smoothing his hair from his face, in a familiar way.
“I’d almost forgotten what a beautiful little boy you were.”
She paused as she suddenly felt the cold steel pressed sharply into her stomach, and she looked down to see Malaeck’s sword held tightly against her.
“But I am no longer a boy, Feeola,” he replied menacingly, “And if you touch me again, I will kill you.”
“I meant no harm,” she cooed softly, stepping backwards and raising her hands in defeat. “Your Father wishes to talk to you. Shall I tell him you are busy?”
Malaeck glared, his eyes flaring in anger as he caught her with a sharp blow to the face and then pushing past her quickly ascended the stairs, to enter the Sea Witch’s throne room.
“Is there any news?” his Father barked, as Malaeck approached the seeing pool, where Velos’ figure floated above the oily black water.
“No, My Lord,” Malaeck replied bowing. 
“Malaeck,” Velos tutted as the boy flinched. “Do I have to remind you what will happen if you fail me?”
Malaeck’s head lowered, his eyes dropping to the floor, the humiliation creeping over him as he felt the Sea Witch’s smug presence behind him.
He felt a spark of rebellion flare inside him and looked up again, meeting his fathers glare. He would not show weakness.
“We will have news soon Father,” he replied, “I am expecting a visit from an old friend.” 

******

A low thrumming sound filled the night sky as Malaeck stood on the battlements waiting. He knew it would not be long, could feel the steady vibrations pulsating through his chest and then he heard the soft sound of hooves gently landing on the stone behind him and felt a wave of cool air brush against his cheek 
He turned slowly, his companion’s beauty taking him by surprise as he stared up at the graceful horse that now stood before him.
She towered over him, her muscular body strong and sinuous; her coat gleaming a deep shade of chestnut, her thick mane flaming like burnt copper as it flowed silkily around her neck perfectly blending with the soft glossy feathers of her powerful wings that she now folded back against her body with a final beat.
Malaeck smiled.
It had been a long time since he had been in the presence of one of the Winged Horse of the north, and though they were known for their intelligence and honour, he knew better than anyone that the horse that now stood before him had neither.
“Hollificus,” he bowed respectfully in greeting.
The horse returned the bow, her head dipping ever so slightly.
“Why have you summoned me Master?” she asked her voice smooth and clear. “It has been many years since you have personally sought my council.”
“I need your help,” he asked as he approached her.
She snorted, stamping her hoof.
“You condemn me to slavery, and now you need my help,” she replied petulantly.
“They are your family,” he began, “And I hardly think being on your Queen’s council is being condemned to slavery.”
“But I do not wish it,” she snapped. “It is I that should rule, not my sister and one day they will all burn.”
“But until that day,” Malaeck answered reaching up and grabbing a chunk of her flaming mane and gripping it tight. “You will do what I tell you. Now you know that under your laws you may not leave until your Queen grants it, or she dies. So you will stay where you are and report to me what you learn.”
Malaeck smiled again, the horse’s heart beating rapidly beneath his touch and he released his grip, letting his fingers gently stroke her soft fur.
Hollificus shuddered but did not retreat her head lowering to that of her masters.
“I will do what you ask,” she relented.
“Good, now I need you to tell me all that you know about the Isle of Simkus.”
Malaeck felt the horse stiffen; her features shocked.
“That is old magic,” she answered, “One that is forgotten now.”
“I know. We have searched all the records, but we can find no mention of it. All we have is part of a riddle that makes no sense.”
Hollificus raised her head and began to speak.
“Kings and Queens of Here and There
To seek protection for those you care
Call to land and call to sea
The Isle of Simkus appear to Thee
Call to flame and call to sky
Its secret keep until you die.”
“I need to find that island,” Malaeck declared, excitedly grinning. 
“If they discover I have given this knowledge to you, they will kill me.”
Malaeck stroked the horse gently, his movements soothing.
“Do your family doubt your loyalty? Would they believe you would betray their trust?”
“No,” Hollificus stated, staring down into Malaeck’s bright eyes.
“Then will you help me?”
Hollificus’ eyes flared, her features becoming cold as she nodded.
“We must leave tonight. It is a long way to travel.”
“Where are we heading?” Malaeck asked in anticipation.
“To the Edge of Heaven.”
The Edge of Heaven
They left the Dragonskeepe that same day, the excitement of finding the last clue driving them onwards as they had left their sanctuary in the sky and flown into the unknown. 
By mid-afternoon that excitement was wearing off as Cass, not knowing exactly where he was going, kept changing his mind and switching directions at random. Lizzie and Lucas spent this time unsuccessfully searching for landmarks below until Lucas suddenly gave a shout.
“This place looks familiar,” he said, staring down at the vast purple desert disappearing into a thick dark forest of trees, a small stream winding its way through the landscape. “Cass, where are we?”
“The Eastern Borders,” Cass answered.
“The Eastern Borders,” they both cried in unison, exchanging a knowing look.
“Indeed,” the dragon replied turning to give them a suspicious stare.
“This is where we first arrived,” Lizzie said excitedly, a big smile spreading across her face. “This is where Sydney lives.”
“Of course,” Cass began, “The Eastern Keeper. Maybe it would be polite if we stopped and informed him of our presence in his boundary. It would also be helpful for us to have somewhere to spend the night. I feel that the Edge of Heaven is not far from here, and we do not need to be there until dawn.”
Lizzie smiled in response, but she couldn’t shake the sudden feeling of apprehension growing in her chest.

******
They followed the flowing river until it disappeared into the dense forest of trees and then flying lower they skimmed the sea of green leaves until Lucas spotted the clearing where Sydney’s house was.
Cass landed lightly; his mighty wings slowly coming to rest after his long flight and looked up admiringly at the sturdy tree that housed the Eastern Keeper. 
“Merciful heavens,” a high voice shrieked from above, quickly followed by the sound of tiny footsteps running at speed, until a small man burst into the clearing; a large green hat falling over his eyes.
“Silvertail?” he exclaimed, dropping to his knee and bowing low, “Can it really be you?”
Cass bowed in return.
“It is I, loyal keeper. But please stand once more, I have brought some old friends you may be pleased to see.”
With this Cass lowered his wing and allowed Lizzie and Lucas to jump to the ground. “Merciful heavens,” Sydney exclaimed again, rising to his feet and hugging the children warmly. 
“You two seemed to have had quiet and adventure,” he remarked, “And bringing back another dragon indeed; come on you must tell me all about it.” He bustled, ushering the children towards the tree.
“Another dragon,” Cass inquired his face questioning.
Sydney stopped, taking Lizzie’s hand as they all turned to stare at him. 
“You haven’t told…,” Sydney began.
“We couldn’t,” Lizzie rushed to interrupt. “Cass I’m sorry, I’ve tried to tell you, but I couldn’t, the magic wouldn’t let us. We thought that if we brought you here it would be okay but…”
She stopped; tears threatening her eyes as she stared up at him.
“It wasn’t our secret to tell,” she whispered.
“No, dear one,” a melodic voice answered appearing out of nowhere and filling the air with its joyous sound. “It is mine.”
Cass hesitated a feeling of uncertainty filling him as he struggled to understand what was happening. It was replaced moments later by a powerful surge of magic shimmering through the air as into view appeared a magnificent orange dragon, and though she was much smaller than he was, the power emanating from her was intense as she looked up to meet his stare.
“Cass this is Rose,” he heard Lizzie say but he was unable to turn away.
“How is this possible?” he asked as the other dragon approached. “I can not feel you.”
“But I can feel you,” she replied softly. “For days now I have sensed your presence, a pure magic burning in my chest, without understanding it. But now I do,” she smiled looking up into his face.
Cass breathed deeply as their faces touched; the rush of magic flooding over him as the connection was made, and he finally felt her presence flowing through him, filling him with just one thought.
He was not alone.

******
Lizzie yawned sleepily, stretching her tired body as she stepped out onto Sydney’s viewing balcony, the sharp wind cool on her face, the night sky still dark.
They had spent the previous evening in celebration talking until late but eventually they had retired to bed to rest their weary bodies and now as she prepared to leave, she suddenly felt he weight of what she was about to do.
What if she failed!
A slow nagging sensation began to rise inside her, the panic creeping up until with a familiar wave of warmth washing over her she felt Cass land gently beside her.
“Good morning little one, are you ready?”
Lizzie nodded moving closer to the dragon as they stood enjoying the silence together and then Lizzie spoke.
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” she whispered, “I tried but…”
“There is no apology necessary,” Cass interrupted, “The magic that protects Rose is like no other I have ever seen. It shields her completely, so she must choose if she wishes to be seen by you. Not even I will be able to break it.”
“I know,” Lizzie relented, “But I still feel like I should have been able to tell you.”
“I am just glad that I am no longer alone and that I can feel her presence. You have given me that by bringing me here but now we must get ready; it is time.

******
It was still dark when they finally landed; the pre-dawn anticipation electric in the air as the empty silence surrounded them.
Lizzie pulled her cloak tightly around herself as she clambered from Cass’ back to find he had brought them to a high rocky cliff, its sharp, jagged edges jutting out into the darkness, as a strong sea wind battered them from all sides.
She looked around, a deep sense of familiarity crashing down on her; she was standing on the cliff from her dream. 
She felt the anxiety growing inside her, her panic rising as in her mind she saw the earth splitting open, the fire bursting free and the hopelessness washed over her.
They were coming. Whoever was chasing her was coming. 
“Lizzie, are you alright?” Lucas asked, brushing closely beside her. 
She nodded unable to speak. What could she say to him, how could she explain. She just needed to keep going; to stay strong. 
They approached cautiously, stopping a few yards from the edge, the sheer sides offering no protection as they stared out into the emptiness waiting for the light. 
It appeared sooner than she’d expected a sudden gash of colour tearing through the blackness as the sky lightened with the rising sun.
Enthralled Lizzie stared into the horizon, the light glinting off the clouds and she was suddenly reminded of the Dragonskeepe. At least now she could understand the cliff’s name. It looked like she was staring out to heaven.
She closed her eyes as the first rays of sunlight touched her face, its warmth washing over her and without realising began to step forwards her eyes still tightly shut, walking as if in a trance until with a sudden gasp she stopped opening her eyes to see she was standing right at the very edge of the precipice.
She looked behind her to see Lucas and Cass, their shocked faces watching her in panic and then she turned back to the cliff edge.
“What the hell was that?” Lucas’ trembling voice asked, coming up behind her.
“I don’t know,” she replied shakily turning towards him, “But did I take seven steps?”
Lucas nodded silently.
“Then this is it,” Cass remarked joining them, “You have found the entrance.”
“Great,” Lizzie muttered, “So why can’t I breathe then?”
“No one said this was going to be easy,” Cass replied, “But I will not leave you.”
“That makes two of us,” Lucas added, giving her hand a quick squeeze before dropping to the floor. “Now I suppose there should be some stairs or something…” 
His words faltered as he slowly stood back up again, his face white.
“You sure you want to do this?” he asked Lizzie, grimacing.
“It can’t be that bad?” she asked.
“No,” he laughed, shaking his head, “It’s worse.”
“I will scout out the area,” Cass interrupted from where he was looking over the cliff edge. “I may be able to find where the stairs lead to and can then simply carry you down.”
He spread his wings leaping once more into the air and disappearing over the edge, but Lizzie already knew it would make no difference. There was only one way down. Accepting the inevitable she knelt down and edged her way forward until she was peering over the edge, a wave of dizziness washing over her. She closed her eyes taking a deep breath and then slowly opened them again, finally seeing what had caused Lucas’ reaction. A few feet below her was a small ledge carved from the side of the rock, a thin hand rail embedded into the cliff face, running around the edge, offering little protection from the sheer drop the other side. 
She closed her eyes again trying to block out the image of the long winding stairs leading down from the ledge, but it was no use; she couldn’t.
“This is the only way,” Cass remarked loudly, landing behind her, his voice grave and concerned. “As soon as I am in the air the stairs vanish. The magic must protect them from detection from the skies.”
Lizzie stood up once more and faced her friends trying desperately to ignore the fear growing in her stomach. 
“Lizzie,” Cass asked.
“I’m fine,” she replied, a bit too quickly. “Will you be able to follow me down?”
“I will be able to find you,” he replied seriously. “The magic may shield the stairs but I will be able to see you once you are on them.”
“Okay, I guess I’m going to do this then,” she remarked.
“We’re going to do this,” Lucas stated.
“Luke, you don’t have to do this. I know what you’re like with heights and I’m not going to make you do this.”
“This isn’t your decision Lizzie,” he answered, turning from her and kneeling down, standing again a few moments later with Sydney’s rope in his hands. He moved towards her and looped it gently around her waist, securing it tightly before he repeated the action on himself.
“Luke…” she tried to say, but he stopped her.
“Just in case,” he smiled. “Now let’s get on with it before I have time to realise just how crazy this really is.”

******
Lucas’ heart was in his throat as he jumped. 
It wasn’t even as if it was a long way down to the ledge, but he still couldn’t take his eyes off the dizzying drop that taunted him on the other side. 
He landed cleanly, steadying himself on the rickety handrail, refusing to look out into the abyss and instead looked back up at Lizzie, who was now sitting dangling her legs from the edge of the cliff. 
He nodded, and she lightly leapt down into his arms, resting herself briefly on his chest. They waited a few moments, catching their breath, the wind around them dieing down, the sound of Cass’ steady wing beats rhythmically pounding as he kept watch beside them and when they were both ready slowly began their descent down the stairs. 
They moved cautiously at first, the large steps awkward to manoeuvre as they jumped from each one to the one below but gradually as they rounded the rock face the steps grew closer together, hugging the contours of the stones and leading down to a dark fissure some way below them. 
Lucas tried not to think about the height, concentrating instead on the distant opening ahead, but it took longer than he expected, the stairs weaving backwards and forwards, slowly winding their way downwards. Finally, they reached the entrance to a large cave, the stairs continuing on inside and he was unable to contain his disappointment that they hadn’t reached their destination, as they plunged inside, the air turning chill with a strong salty smell.
The cave wasn’t very big; the walls covered in a thick green moss that gave off an eerie luminous glow, guiding the way as the stairs ran directly across the middle and then dropped through a large hole in the ground.
After checking there was no other way they clambered into the opening and found themselves standing on a lower level of steps extending into the darkness.
Lucas wasn’t sure how many steps they took on their descent through the caves; he had given up after two hundred, but there was a part of him that was feeling relieved.
At least he could no longer see how high they were or better still couldn’t see how far they had to fall. Heights had always been the one thing he was terrified of.
They pressed on, the stones steadily becoming wetter until finally they stepped out into a massive cavern, the pathway suddenly stopping as they found themselves standing on a small narrow ledge.
“Now what,” Lucas asked, his voice resonating through the air. “We must have gone the wrong way.”
“There was no other way,” Lizzie replied, moving forward to stare across the vast empty blackness, her toes resting over the precipice. “Look there’s something over there,” she said pointing.
Lucas moved forwards to join her and looked towards where she was pointing, a slight flicker of light catching his eyes.
“What is that?” he said.
“I think it’s the way across,” she mused, crouching down and running her hands across the ledge. “We must be missing something.”
Lucas joined her, scanning the stones beneath them, swinging his arms into the abyss to make sure he hadn’t missed anything, but there was nothing; the ledge simply dropping away into the black void.
“Lizzie, there’s nothing here,” he stated quietly.
“There has to be,” she argued, kneeling down and crawling the length of the ledge; running her hand along the rim until with a triumphant cry she stopped. “I’ve got it.”
Lucas bent down beside her and reached out to where Lizzie’s hand was resting in the darkness, his hand suddenly striking a solid surface.
He looked at her puzzled, and she smiled.
“That wasn’t there a minute ago,” he stammered as his eyes began to focus on a large stone slab hovering a short distance from the rock edge. “What exactly is holding that thing up?” he asked, “And how far down do you think the drop is?”
“I don’t know,” Lizzie stated, standing up. “This was made by dragons, right, so maybe it works like the Dragonskeepe.”
“What, so if I don’t believe there’s a rock there I’m going to plunge to my death.”
“I guess there’s only one way to find out,” Lizzie exclaimed.
“How did I know you were going to say that,” he grimaced, standing up beside her.
Lizzie half smiled in the gloom.
“You want me to go first?”
Lucas shook his head, taking a deep breath and without hesitating stepped out into the abyss. His foot landed solidly on the rock and as he looked down he could now just see the outline of the large stone. It was about a metre in diameter, the edges almost indistinguishable against the darkness surrounding it, a green glow emanating from its smooth surface. 
He looked back up and stared into the distance, seeing several more of the stones now appearing, spanning the wide gap across the cavern and felt a small rush of relief.
This isn’t that bad he thought to himself. There didn’t even look like there was a drop.  He glanced back down at the stone he was standing on and then swiftly leapt to the next one and then the next; both of them just as sturdy and solid as the first and he smiled.       It kind of reminded him of the stepping stones he used to cross at his Grandma’s house, except now instead of clear blue waves, he was walking across a vast black ocean, the inky water thick and dense like the mud flats that his Granddad used to tell him ghost stories about.
He shuddered, thinking about the days he had sat on the pier watching the insects get sucked down into the depths and drown, and he had never been sure what he’d been more scared of heights, the ghosts or being dragged down into the sticky mass and suffocating. Even now he wasn’t sure what would be worse but there was no way he was leaning down to see what was really there. It didn’t matter as long as he couldn’t see it.
He blocked all the thoughts out and kept moving. All he had to do was get across without thinking about it, just one foot in front of the over.
They were almost halfway across when Lucas suddenly stopped, looking around to see a bemused expression on Lizzie’s face.
He held a finger up to his lips stopping the remark he knew was coming from her and pointed up, her eyes lighting up as she followed the movement.
The roof of the cavern was higher here disappearing far above them until it reached a long jagged crack at the top, through which poured bright shafts of sunlight, the beams reflecting off of thousands of tiny gemstones embedded into the surface of the rocks and making it look like it was raining tiny droplets of light.
Lucas smiled as he gazed around in the darkness; it looked just like they were standing in the night sky surrounded by a million stars, and he was reminded suddenly of the Dragonskeepe and the evening they had watched the elemental fires. 
He looked over at Lizzie, but the sudden thought of the Dragonskeepe had reminded him about the stones he was standing on, and he felt a moment of panic wash over him.
He motioned to Lizzie and started to jump again, the need to reach solid ground growing, and he was relieved to see her following close behind. 
They made it the rest of the was across quickly, the last leap landing them finally on the ledge on the other side of the chasm and Lucas felt the relief fill him as they descended another dark tunnel, to spy a narrow opening leading to the outside once more.
They stepped out into the warm breeze, shielding their eyes after the darkness of the tunnels and were relieved to see they were still sheltered from the sun by a low overhanging, the steps they were walking on cast deep within the shadows of the cliff. 
They continued downwards, the path hugging the rock face and leading them towards a large archway chiselled into the adjacent cliff, the wall jutting out, so they were unable to see around it. It didn’t take them long to reach it, and they soon found themselves standing within the huge arch, a gentle rush of water flowing across the stones around them and disappearing into cracks beneath their feet as the steps continued through the arch and out once more into the sunshine.
“How you doing,” Lizzie asked, looking at Lucas’ sweat stained face, his damp t-shirt sticking to his body.
“Hopefully, I don’t look as bad as you,” he joked, side stepping as Lizzie swiped as him playfully.
“I’ll get you for that,” she laughed.
“Yeah yeah, heard it all before,” he teased as he stepped through the arch into the blinding sunlight and froze, his heart leaping into his throat as he stared at the scene below him, Lizzie barrelling into the back of him as she tried to slow her momentum.
They were now standing at the top of a steep set of steps suspended across a wide chasm, the deafening sound of waves crashing beneath them, the salty spray soaking the lower steps that disappeared into another arch, on the far side, some several hundred feet below. Lucas felt his muscles tighten, his legs becoming heavy as he felt the force of the water drawing him towards the edge; felt the uncontrollable impulse that he was going to fall. He felt movement beside him as Lizzie squeezed her way past until she stood in front of him on the top step, but he felt like he was trapped in a dream. He couldn’t move, couldn’t even see her properly; the sound of the crashing water drowning out everything else. 
He held his breath, screwing his eyes tightly shut until he became vaguely aware that Lizzie was talking.
“Luke, I’m not getting in that water, do you hear me,” Lizzie yelled.
“What?” Lucas mumbled, opening his eyes and finally seeing Lizzie.
“You see this rope,” she said, grabbing the rope tied at his waist. “This means we’re tied together; which means if you fall I’m going with you. Do you know how badly I’m going to hurt you if you make me fall in that water?”
Lucas laughed the tension in his chest relaxing as he watched Lizzie’s face.
“Ok,” she reassured him, “I’m going to start walking and you’re going to follow me. You don’t have to look anywhere else just keep your eyes on me; alright?”
He nodded uncertainly as he felt her hand slip into his and then she began to walk sideways down the steps, feeling her way with her feet as she went.
He followed automatically, trying not to think about what lay beneath him, tuning out the distant crashing of the waves below and focused on Lizzie.
They moved slowly, step by step, the waves crashing against their legs, until finally after some time they reached the safety of the sheltered cave on the opposite side of the gap and gratefully entered into the darkness.
Lucas collapsed to the ground, his body shaking with relief and lowering his head to his knees he closed his eyes.
“What happened?” Lizzie asked kneeling down in front of him and handing him a drink.
“I don’t know,” he admitted, raising his head and taking the bottle from her. “One minute I was fine the next I couldn’t move.”
He took a long drink and then looked up at Lizzie’s worried expression.
“You think you can make it the rest of the way down?” she asked seriously. 
“I’m going to have to,” he answered, “I don’t think I could get back up those stairs, even if I wanted to.”
“Cass could…”
Lucas shook his head, stopping her words.
“No, let’s just get this over with. It can’t be that much further.”
Lizzie smiled, standing up and moved over to the exit on the far side of the cave where the stairs continued downwards. She disappeared for a few moments into the bright sunlight and then reappeared with a huge grin on her face.
“I can see the beach. We’re almost there.”
Through the Flames
Cass was waiting for them, as they finally made it down the rest of the stairs, to stand on the beautiful crystal beach of fine yellow sand that spread into the distance as far as the eye could see. The remainder of the journey hadn’t taken very long, the stairs eventually wearing into a steep slope, covered in barnacles and sea grass but Lizzie was relieved when they finally jumped from the last step to stand on a flat surface again and by the look on Lucas’ face she was sure he was too.
“So do you think that was the stones gates we had to pass through?” Lucas asked Cass as he collapsed onto the sand beside the large dragon.
“I don’t think it would be that easy,” Lizzie answered before the dragon could speak.
Lucas turned to look at Lizzie as she sat down beside him and then looked back up at Cass, his face questioning.
“I fear Lizzie may be right,” Cass eventually answered, scanning the shoreline around them. “It would appear that the weathered stairs were only the first part in the task and even though you have passed through several stone gates, the task was not completed until you stepped onto the beach. I felt a change in the air almost immediately; the magic triggered by your presence. It was not here before.”
“So we have to find the stone gate now?” Lucas asked.
“It would appear so,” Cass replied, “But after that climb it might be an idea if you ride for a while. I do not think it will affect the magic, and you can search while you rest.”
Lizzie and Lucas didn’t argue, their bodies weary after the long climb and so they clambered up onto Cass’ back and settled down on the dragon’s broad neck as he started his long journey down the empty beach.

******
They had been walking for a while, the landscape unchanging, the sea growing further away from them; the shadows lengthening as they realised they were walking around a large bay, the beach now creeping under the towering cliffs above them, making Lizzie dizzy if she looked up too long. 
There were several caves in the cliff surface, but none of them felt right and as Lizzie finished eating the food she had brought with her, her thoughts began wandering to the beach itself. There was something different about it, something she couldn’t quite put her finger on and then it hit her. The sand wasn’t purple like all the other deserts she had seen.
“Cass, why is the sand yellow here?” Lizzie asked perplexed.
Cass looked around and smiled.
“It is because the magic is untainted, pure” he replied.
“So not all sand in Kaimeara is purple?” Lucas asked puzzled. “I just assumed it was.”
“Indeed not,” Cass began, “As the years have passed, and the magic in the land has weakened, the earth has become unable to protect itself from evil. The more that evil drains the earth; the weaker the magic becomes. The colours wither; the light fades and without the alliance between the elements the land will die. ”
 “What alliance?” Lucas asked, but Cass’ answer was not heard as Lizzie suddenly gave a shout.
“Look, what is that?” 
They both looked up to where Lizzie was pointing, their expressions becoming dark as they realised they were reaching the end of the beach and in front of them stood a solid wall of rocks. 
“Don’t you see it?” she asked.
“See what?” Lucas inquired.
“There are two warriors carved into the rock face, can’t you see them, they’re huge?”
She looked over at Lucas, who was staring at her in bewilderment.
 “Lizzie, are you feeling alright?”
“Luke, I’m serious. Just wait till we get closer. They’re there, I promise.”
Cass leapt into the air, flying the remaining way until they were now standing directly under the rocks.
Far above two warriors towered over them. They were as high as the cliffs themselves, carved from the very stone, the jagged rocks forming their features as they stood silent guard, their long spears crossed together as if protecting something.
“Can you see them now?” she asked, climbing down from Cass’ back, to stand in front of them.
Lucas nodded in response as he jumped down to join her.
“How did you see them?” Cass asked quietly, “The magic surrounding them is strong.  I could not see them until I was standing right here.”
“I don’t know,” Lizzie answered, “I could just feel them.”
“So where is the stone gate?” Lucas asked.
“Here,” she said, turning to smile at him as she disappeared into a shaft of darkness.
He followed after her and could now see that where the spears crossed, a wide crack was carved into the wall, the reflections fracturing the light and making the opening almost invisible. 
“You’re getting good at this,” he remarked.
Lizzie turned to smile again and then looked around at the opening. 
There was nothing remarkable about it. It looked like any number of the caves that she had been in when she was little. A wide entrance leading into a small worn chamber, stalactites dripping water from the ceiling, small pools of water gathering around the lower rocks but she still felt unsure about crossing the threshold into the cave itself. It was as if she could feel where the boundary started.
“It can’t be this easy,” Lucas uttered, mirroring her own thoughts.
“I know,” she responded, “It feels like we’ve missed something.”
She stepped back out into the sunlight to see Cass staring up at the figures of the warriors.
“Cass, are you alright?”
“Something feels wrong,” Cass mumbled, running his palm along the smooth circular stones that made up the shaft of the spear. “It feels like…”
“We missed something,” Lizzie finished his sentence. 
“Exactly,” he answered, “We should be cautious.”
Lizzie watched as he stepped backwards, examining the warriors in more detail and then was surprised to see him begin to pace up and down the beach, following the contours of the cliff face. 
“What is he doing?” Lucas asked, coming to stand beside her.
Lizzie shrugged 
“I have no idea, but do you want to go and ask him.”
“No,” Lucas laughed, “But it’s boiling out here.”
They retreated into the cool shade once more, both careful not to cross over into the cave and settled on a rock pool just near the entrance; the water refreshing as they splashed it onto their necks and faces.
After a while, Lucas stood once more, impatiently circling the entrance and then disappeared to search for Cass but Lizzie remained still, enjoying the peace. 
She lay back against the smooth rock she was leaning on and closed her eyes, the sound of the crashing waves, far in the distance, soothing her.  
It reminded her for the first time in ages of the canal.
She wasn’t sure if she’d dozed off, but Lucas and Cass’ voice startled her as she leapt upright again her hand striking something solid. She looked down, shaking her hand in pain and noticed for the first time a small statue, balanced at the edge of the water.
Had that been there all the time she thought as she leaned in closer to look at it? 
It was a beautiful shade of green, the figure resembling that of a boy mermaid, with an intricately carved tail sweeping under its body whilst his upper torso held a tiny flute up to its lips. Its face was flawless, with a wide broad smile spreading around the tip of the instrument, its curly hair framing its features perfectly.
She leant forward to stroke the lines of his hair, her actions trance like until Lucas spoke again interrupting her.
“It’s a shame we don’t have a light of something,” Lucas remarked re-entering the shadows with Cass and staring into the cave, “But we should be alright it doesn’t look that dark.”
He turned around to look at Lizzie, a puzzled expression crossing his face.
“What’s with the statue?” he mused.
Lizzie looked down to see she was now holding the small stone figure. 
She frowned shaking her head. She must have picked it up without even realising it.
“You expecting someone to jump out at us,” he teased, “Planning on bashing them with it, are you”
Lizzie laughed, shoving him playfully and then turned reluctantly to put the statue back in the water.
“You’re really not funny,” she muttered.
“Yeah, I am,” Lucas laughed as she moved over to stand with him and Cass. “Come on it can’t be as bad as all those stairs.”
Lizzie stared at him in disbelief.
“I can’t believe you just said that,” she retorted, “Are you trying to jinx us.”
Lucas laughed again, taking her hand, and they all stepped inside.

******
The silence descended like a shroud, tightly binding them in the darkness, the searing heat evaporating into a thick mist, which coated their skins in a fine sheen as they fought their way further into the cave.
None of them could speak, their voices trapped deep within their chests, the overpowering magic draining their energy; their bodies becoming tired and weak.
Lizzie could still feel the soft sand beneath her boots, could still feel the reassuring grip of Lucas’ hand holding hers but her mind felt blank as she struggled to remember where she was and what she was doing and then all of a sudden an almighty roar erupted through the air and the cave was filled with a blinding golden light.
Almost instantly Lizzie felt her body relax, the spell broken as the dragon flames danced around them, illuminating the large cave they stood in and lighting hundreds of lanterns, placed along the walls, before dwindling and fading out. 
Lizzie looked around stunned.
She could still see the narrow strip of light by which they had entered, but the cave they now stood in was a huge cavern, the lit lanterns disappearing far into the gloom.
“It was Dragons Breath,” Cass’ voice echoed through the chill air. “I knew I could feel something but it was masked with great skill. That is why you were drawn to the statue. It held the flames.”
“The statue,” Lucas asked
“The cave was an illusion, one you would need the light to truly see,” he said to Lizzie “You were compelled to bring the light with you, even though the cave made it seem like you did not need it.”
“So, what would have happened if you hadn’t been with us?” Lizzie asked.
“Without the fire you would have remained trapped within the shadows until you would have perished.”
Lizzie and Lucas looked at each other in shock.
“Ok, next time, you can bring any statue you want with us,” Lucas retorted after a few moments, “I’ll even carry it for you.”
They both laughed, the sound easing the tension they both felt as they turned to search their surroundings.
“So now what,” Lizzie asked Cass.
“Now we find the bones,” he replied, moving further into the cave. “They must be held within the chamber but as with all of the tasks it will not be that simple.”
“Great,” Lizzie remarked, rolling her eyes at Lucas as they followed after him, “Because that’s not going to be creepy at all.”
“Two down, two to go,” Lucas smiled, “It can’t…”
“Don’t you dare,” Lizzie stopped him. “Just help us find them.”
They moved deeper into the cave, the air growing damper; the taste of salt coating her lips; the lanterns guiding their way but as Lizzie looked around she realised that the cave was empty, there was nothing but silence.
Slightly unsettled Lizzie looked up at the craggy ceiling and the rough stones surrounding her. The walls here were now made of earth and mortar, rather than solid rocks, and she was suddenly reminded of a burial chamber. 
An abrupt feeling of panic washed over her as she thought about being buried there, the dark walls seeming to close in on her as she felt the weight of the earth above her pressing down; the oxygen being sucked from the air. 
“Lizzie, are you alright?” Lucas asked beside her.
“I think I just need to sit down for a minute,” she muttered, an overwhelming dizziness sweeping over her as she staggered forwards and collapsed onto a large boulder. 
What the hell is happening to me she thought; just calm down.
But it did no good, the suffocating feeling bearing down on her as she began to hyperventilate, her breath coming in short sharp gasps. 
“Cass,” Lucas yelled; a panicked edge to his voice as he knelt down in front of Lizzie and grabbed her hands. “Lizzie, you need to breathe.”
But she couldn’t, the fear was completely controlling her. It was as if she was possessed. She had to get out of there.
She stood, pushing Lucas aside and ran for the closest wall, tearing at the stones and earth, desperately trying to claw her way out, her fingers becoming bloody as Lucas tried unsuccessfully to restrain her. But she couldn’t stop, until with a startling shudder the earth gave way; crumbling through her palms and she saw a body, it’s hand mirroring her own, its movements abrupt as the skeletal fingers leaned forward and grabbed her arm.
Lizzie screamed as she stared into the empty sockets of its bleached white skull and then her vision grew fuzzy as she collapsed unconscious to the floor.  

******
Lucas and Cass were watching her; their faces concerned, as she awoke to find herself lying supported in Cass’ large paw as Lucas mopped her brow with a damp cloth.
“What happened?” she asked, her voice sounding hoarse.
“You went kind of crazy and then passed out,” Lucas remarked bluntly.
“Thanks Luke, way to make me feel better,” she whispered, sitting up.
“Sorry, you just scared me for a minute,” he said, his voice softer.
“Do you not remember anything?” Cass asked her seriously.
Lizzie shook her head.
“No,” she answered, “I just remember feeling suffocated, like I couldn’t breathe… and then nothing.”
“This is very troubling,” Cass remarked, “It was almost as if you had been possessed.”
Lizzie looked down at her hands in horror.
“What the hell did I do?” she stuttered.
Lucas stared at her with sympathy and then knelt backwards to reveal the cave wall behind him, a large crevice gouged into the surface.
“The path of bones,” she whispered impulsively, turning towards Cass.
“Lizzie, are quiet sure,” he inquired. 
“I don’t know but my head feels like it’s been trampled.”
Lucas smiled standing up.
“Well, this is the bit where I usually say, it can’t be, there’s nothing there,” he remarked sarcastically, moving to stand in front of the wall, the loose soil crumbling beneath his touch, “But that hasn’t worked out too well this far, so I’m guessing we must have missed something.” 
He hammered his first against the wall, the dull thudding reverberating around the chamber but it didn’t move; the wall was solid. He stepped back grabbing one of the torches from behind him and held it close to the wall, flooding the area with light.
A loud sparking noise suddenly startled him, and he moved back to see a faint crackle of flame flickering across the surface of the wall.
“What was that?” he remarked.
“Magic,” Cass replied, “Quick, hold the torch closer.”
Lucas stepped forward once more holding the torch nearer to the wall and watched as the snaking tendrils of flame began to climb across the surface, the earth and roots slowly dissolving.
“Why don’t we speed this up,” Cass remarked, breathing deeply and abruptly engulfing the area within a bright golden wall of flame.
“See,” Lucas retorted triumphantly, helping Lizzie to her feet. “There is always a way.”
They both stood back watching as the magic worked, the flames spreading across the surface, the wall slowly disappearing until finally revealing a crude stone archway carved into the earth, the tiny white pebbles glistening as the light enveloped them.  
Cass stopped, and as Lizzie watched the magic flowing into the surface of the arch she realised that they weren’t in fact stones but small bones entwining around each other as they formed a solid mass of bodies.
A sudden wave of panic washed over her as the image of a skeletal face popped into her head, a flash of heat spreading through her body as she felt its bony grip on her arm, and she staggered backwards. 
“Quickly,” Cass ordered, “Step into the arch before the magic fades.” 
Lizzie faltered as she felt Lucas grab her arm tightly but before she could draw away he had stepped into the archway, the bony figures turning to watch them, as he dragged her with him into the darkness.

******
Lizzie fell forwards expecting to be enclosed in the blackness but instead she felt a searing burst of pain behind her eyes as they stepped out into the brilliant afternoon sun, the blinding light and scorching heat hitting her like a wall after the cool dampness of the cave.
She felt Lucas’ arm steadying her and then suddenly realised that she could feel something else; water.
Wherever they were now, they were standing in water, the gently lapping of the waves soaking her shoes as she struggled to clear her eyesight.
“Lizzie,” she heard Cass’ reassuring voice behind her.
“There’s water,” she managed to gasp, her voice high and shrill.
“It is alright,” he answered, “We are safe. Just stay still until you are able to see again.”
She did as she was told, her vision clearing with the passing seconds until finally she was able to see her surroundings and a sudden moment of panic seized her, as she realised they were completely surrounded by water.
But it wasn’t that they were just standing on the edge of the sea, they were now totally marooned in the middle of deep blue water as far as the eye could see, in every direction except for the smooth rock face they were standing with their backs against.
Lizzie looked around catching Lucas’ bewildered stare and then followed his gaze down, dreading what she was about to see.
It was worse than she thought, the crystal clear water disappearing into the depths below her but somehow they seemed to be standing on the surface of the lapping waves. 
“The path of bones,” she heard Lucas reverently whisper as he bent down.
She looked closer, the disgust rising in her throat as she realised what was keeping them afloat.
Beneath them, just below the surface of the water was a solid bridge of human bones, the empty eye sockets staring up at them, watching them intently from unseeing eyes.
“I really hate water,” she groaned as she scanned the line of the bridge to see it disappearing far into the distance.
“There is still no sign of the island,” Cass replied, “I will check ahead but I fear we must walk the pathway in order to activate the magic.”
He vanished into the air, flying swiftly ahead only to return after a few minutes and land beside them once more.
“It is as I thought. There is nothing for miles,” he exclaimed.
“Great,” Lizzie remarked, “I’m liking this clue less and less the further we go.”
“I can at least help with this one,” Cass answered and then seeing Lizzie’s puzzled face he continued. “I can carry you this time. We will at least reach our destination quicker.”
They walked like this for some time, Lizzie and Lucas riding, as the sun climbed higher in the sky until they spotted something on the horizon.
“Please tell me that’s not what I think it is?” Lizzie retorted.
“As long as you’re not thinking it’s a solid wall of flames,” Lucas shot back sarcastically, “We should be alright.”
“Through morning fire, show no fear,” Cass recited as they drew closer, the flames blazing higher as they approached, the intense heat burning even hotter than the sun and then Cass abruptly stopped.
He tried to step forward again, but an invisible force prevented them from passing.
“The magic will not let me go any further whilst I am carrying you,” he said solemnly. “We must pass through separately.”
Lizzie and Lucas reluctantly climbed back down, the sweat streaming down their faces as the blaze roared just a few steps in front of them, blocking the way past, the flames crackling high above their heads.
“Its just dragon’s fire isn’t it?” Lucas asked, “It won’t really hurt us; will it?”
“I can not tell,” Cass replied.
“That’s not really the answer I was looking for,” Lucas exclaimed.
“Well, standing here talking about it is just making me more nervous,” Lizzie blurted. “The clue said; show no fear, so I reckon we just shut our eyes and do it before I panic.” She looked around at her friends but when there was no response Lizzie closed her eyes, ignoring the tremble in her hands and marched forwards. A flutter of movement beside her made her jump, and she almost opened her eyes before she realised it was Lucas and Cass joining her and then she was hit by the inferno.
It was like touching the sun, the boiling heat suffocating her as she felt the skin on her body begin to blister and then bubble, the scorched flesh melting from her bones.
Lizzie tried to scream, but the action was useless as the flames crept down her throat, searing her breath away, the pain unbearable as her head began to swim. Death was fast approaching as she struggled to keep moving but then her knees buckled and she collapsed to the floor, her breath almost gone.
She strained to keep her head clear, but the pain was too much, she couldn’t focus on anything and then all of a sudden there was a small glimmer of thought breaking through the agony.
None of it was real. All she had to do was keep moving.
She forced herself to get up, her body screaming out in agony, the excruciating pain crippling. She fought to keep walking, every step drawing her closer to the empty blackness threatening to smother her until unable to take any more she tumbled forward, her head hitting the ground with a resounding thud. 
She could feel the flames burning her bones, could feel the darkness waiting to consume her but just at the edge of it there was something else, a voice calling her name.
She turned towards it, desperately trying to open her eyes against the heat, her eyelids peeling backwards and finally she saw true horror of what the flames had done. 
Her skin was all gone; the bones beneath blackened like charcoal. Her hair had come away from her scalp in clumps, the flaming remnants scattered around her; the burning heat slowly devouring her as she turned to ash.
This was it. This was how she died.
But then she saw something else. It was almost like a shroud of mist or fine rain falling just in front of her and through it she could see Lucas screaming her name, his arms being restrained by Cass as he fought to reach her.
She tried to call his name, but her voice was gone, eaten by the flames as she lay dying within the fire.
If she could just reach him, just reach the water she might be alright, but the dull ache was too much, she just wanted to sleep.
“Lizzie!” she heard him scream again, louder this time and she started awake. “Just move,” he yelled frantically.
She tried to nod, using the last of her energy to get to her knees, the bones crumbling to dust as she moved. She dragged herself forward, every inch seeming to take a lifetime and then just as she thought she could move no longer, the heat suddenly stopped.        She looked down at her body to see it whole again; the pain completely gone and as she looked up to see Lucas running towards her, she collapsed to the ground and let the darkness finally take her.
The Temple of Kaimeara
It had been too easy, Malaeck thought as he bent down and scooped the small stone statue from the rock pool, feeling the warmth spread through his fingers as he lifted it to look at the smiling features of the tiny face.
It had taken days to reach the Edge of Heaven but once Hollificus had shown them the entrance the rest had been no problem. 
The stairs were more of an inconvenience, long and tedious, but nothing too testing. The cave, on the other hand, could have been a problem. He smiled again stepping into the darkness and felt the warmth in his fingers spread through his body as the magic in the statue worked, the tiny flames bursting from its lips and lighting the torches throughout the empty cavern until it was flooded with a soft eerie glow.
Now all he had to do was find the bones. 
He moved further in, the agitated Werevals with him, sniffing the air excitedly as they scanned the depths of the cave.
“They were here Master,” one of them suddenly hissed beside him, his eyes gleaming in the gloom. “Not long ago.”
Malaeck smiled again, a rush of excitement rising inside him.
Finally, he had them, and there was nowhere left for them to run.

******
“You alright,” Lizzie heard Lucas ask her as her eyes fluttered open to reveal she was now laying on a wide sandy beach, a warm breeze brushing her face.
“Yeah,” she nodded straining to sit up awkwardly and taking the water bottle from Lucas’ outstretched hands.
“Good, because you pretty much scared me to death back there, and I don’t think I could bare watching you get hurt again today.”
Lizzie grimaced looking down at her hands; the image of her charred bones racing through her head and she shuddered involuntarily.
“What…How?” she stammered.
“Cass said it was a really nasty spell,” he answered, “It made you feel and see what it would be like.”
“It was horrible,” Lizzie whispered, “How did you get through so easily?”
“I didn’t,” Lucas added, “But I was so worried about you, I just shut my eyes and run. I didn’t think, didn’t stop, just kept moving and then Cass was there and the pain was gone.” 
“I could see you calling to me…,” Lizzie began and stopped as she saw a shudder run across his features.
“I couldn’t come back for you. I tried, but Cass stopped me. He said the magic would kill us both if I did.”
“Where is Cass?” she asked.
“He’s checking the island.”
“The island?” she questioned, “So we found it. We found the Isle of Simkus. It was real?” 
Lucas nodded grinning, his blue eyes glistening in the sunlight and Lizzie felt a strange wave of warmth flush her skin as she found herself smiling back.
“So, are you feeling better?” Cass suddenly interrupted them as he landed on the sand beside them.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Lizzie answered, “I just can’t believe we actually found it.”
Cass smiled warmly.
“We still have to find the glimmer,” he reasoned, “It may not be as easy as we think. I have flown over the island but maybe you should both see it as well, just in case.”
He stepped back spreading his wings once more and lowered them, so they were able to climb up.
“Lizzie, you have been very good at solving the clues so far, maybe I have missed something in the air.”
“Yeah, course I have,” she retorted bluntly, “If by good, you mean, passing out several times; almost falling off a cliff and nearly burning to death.”
Lucas laughed loudly as he climbed up onto Cass’ back.
“Don’t be so melodramatic Lizzie,” he remarked, leaning down and heaving her up beside him. “You only actually passed out twice.”
Lizzie swiped at him in indignation, but her words were swept away as joining in with Lucas’ laughter, Cass leapt into the air.
They rose swiftly, the cool air refreshing as they circled the island, Lizzie catching sight of the solid wall of flames still visible in the far distance, and she shivered remember the feel of those flames spreading across her body.
She turned away focusing on the ground below her and realised for the first time that the island wasn’t that big, the wide sandy beach running the whole way around the perimeter. The rest of the island was covered in a dense forest; the trees compacted closely together as the terrain rose slightly to form a rough hill. At the pinnacle stood a large white temple almost buried beneath the canopy of the trees; the only opening a small patch of clear space, near where the entrance to the temple would stand.
Rising from the top of the temple Lizzie could see a high stone structure, the pieces jumbled together as if a giant hand has placed them there randomly, the stones glinting in the sunlight and reflecting in the large glass domed roof below them.
“Do you see anything?” Cass roared above the wind.
“No,” she yelled back, “Can you land?”
“No, the clearing is too tight,” he answered, “I could land on the structure, but there is no guarantee you would be able to reach the ground from there.”
Lizzie looked over at Lucas and seeing the strained look on his face she shook her head.
“It’ll probably be safer if we head back to the beach. Now we know where the temple is, it won’t take us long to walk back.”
Cass nodded his head in agreement, sweeping lower over the trees, scanning the overgrown pathway to the entrance and then landed once more on the beach.
“Are you sure you will be alright?” Cass asked as they climbed down. “I can not follow, but if you are in trouble, I will be there.”
Lizzie smiled, looking up into the large dragons face and a sudden feeling of sadness washed over her as if she was never going to see him again.
“We’re going to be fine,” she answered, burying her fears deep inside her stomach as she reached up and tenderly stroked is face. “From what we saw of the island it’s deserted, so we’re not going to be any danger any time soon.”
“Please tell me you didn’t just say that,” Lucas remarked, appearing around Cass’ side, a look of horror across his face.
“Why?” she laughed.
“Because I think we’ve got company,” Lucas said, his voice anxious.
Lizzie turned; the fear washing over her as through the flames stepped several dark figures. They were too far away to see details, but she knew it was the dark rider accompanied by several Werevals, she could feel the evil presence emanating from around them.
“Leviro was right,” she remarked coldly, “When will I learn to keep my big mouth shut.”
“Cass, can you buy us some time?” Lucas asked.
“I’m on it,” the dragon roared, leaping into the air and racing to meet their pursuers, great flames belching from his jaws and raining down on them as they tried to shoot him from the sky with arrows.
Lizzie and Lucas swiftly moved, heading towards the trees that would lead to the temple they had seen, racing into the undergrowth and beginning their long run up hill but as the coast faded from view Lizzie turned quickly glancing behind, the sight filling her with dread.
The first Wereval had reached the beach. 

******
Lizzie’s breath grew louder in her ears as they thundered through the undergrowth, struggling uphill along the non-existent path; pushing aside the large flat palm leaves that swatted at them as they passed.
But they never slowed, the fear driving them onwards, the urgency showing in every step until just as she thought she could run no more, she glimpsed the opening leading into the gateway of the temple. 
She pushed on urging herself to go faster until finally she broke into a small patch of open space that surrounded the entrance. 
“Lizzie!” she heard Lucas yell as she was suddenly shoved to the ground, her body rolling. She watched helplessly as the Wereval tackled Lucas to the ground their bodies crunching with a sickening sound.
Lizzie staggered to her feet, quickly pulling her sword and watched Lucas manage to free himself, the heel of his boot striking the beast’s head and sending it crashing back into the bushes. He rose instantly, his sword appearing in his hands as he circled in front of her, watching the Wereval stalk them through the trees.  
“Lizzie, get inside,” Lucas stated.
“I’m not leaving you,” she replied.
“There isn’t time,” he argued as the Wereval broke free from its cover; its eyes gleaming red with satisfaction; saliva dribbling from its grotesque jaws with anticipation.
It had caught its prey.
Lizzie could feel the bile rising in her throat, the creature’s presence filling her with fear and then Lucas stepped in front of her blocking her view.
“Lizzie you have to do this. Now get inside”
“Luke…”
“Lizzie, please. Just this once, will you do what I ask you?”
He turned briefly his determined eyes catching hers for a second, and she nodded reluctantly before he returned his attention to the beast circling them, the creature trying unsuccessfully to block their way into the temple.
She moved suddenly, sprinting towards the opening as the Wereval attacked again. She could hear its vicious growl and the sound of fighting, but she didn’t turn back as she disappeared into the darkness.
She knew that if she did, she wouldn’t be able to leave.

******
It was cool inside, the darkness abating as lanterns flickered into life and lit the wide circular entrance hall she now stood in. The white walls were smooth and clean; the large flagstones beneath void of any details; four passageways leading from the main hall, all of them the same and unmarked.
“Now which way?” she whispered aloud, staring into the empty openings as she put her sword away and was suddenly reminded of what Cass had said.
Sometimes you just need to close your eyes and follow your heart.
She breathed deeply shutting her eyes, blocking all the thoughts racing through her head and focussed. 
She felt the change immediately, something tugging at the pit of her stomach and she opened her eyes instinctively running for the far right passageway, speeding up as she reached the end of it and automatically turning left until she was lost in a labyrinth of white tunnels.
She continued soundlessly never faltering in her choices until she suddenly became aware of another noise mixing with the hollow beating of her heart. She stopped running and listened carefully and then she heard it again.
A scrabbling scratching sound, like someone impatiently tapping on a hard surface and then she realised what it was.
It was the sound of claws on the smooth marble floor, tracking her through the maze.  The Werevals were in the building with her.

******
Lucas’ body was on fire; deep, jagged gashes sliced across his chest, his thick warm blood seeping from the wounds as he struggled backwards towards the tree, his left arm hanging useless as his side.
He had almost done it: the attacking Wereval mortally wounded, its body twisted and broken but then two more had appeared. 
The first had blind sighted him, striking from the right and knocking him to the floor, his sword skittering uselessly into the bushes as the beast’s momentum carried it over the top of his body and disappeared into the trees, its long claws missing him by inches. He’d managed to get to his feet again by the time the second appeared, prowling through the trees, its excitement escaping as it growled obscenely but still he was unarmed.             The Wereval snarled as it attacked, thin slivers of saliva glistening on its razor sharp teeth, the growls intensifying as Lucas crouched low desperately trying to find a weapon. His hands suddenly closed over a large branch and as the beast reached him he stood up brandishing the branch like a club and smashed it into the side of the creature’s head. There was a loud crunch, and the beast went down, his body crashing into the undergrowth. 
He’d turned as he’d felt movement once more behind him, but this time he was too slow as the remaining Wereval burst from the trees, his sharp claws raking across his chest as he was thrown to the floor. He tried to get up his lungs burning, the pain screaming through his body, but the monster was too quick as it leapt at him, pinning him to the ground as he struggled to free himself. 
He could feel its weight bearing down on him as he tried to keep its teeth away from him, but it was too strong and with a sudden movement he felt the beasts jaws tear into his shoulder, the flesh ripping as he screamed in agony, the world around him spinning into darkness.
He clung on knowing that if he gave in he would be lost, a yell of rage breaking from inside him as with all his remaining strength he swung the branch.
It caught the Wereval full on the side of the head, stunning it slightly and as it released its grip Lucas kicked out managing to dislodge the creature, his anger driving the beast backwards onto the ground. 
Lucas crawled backwards, desperate to get away, but the beast was not hurt as it turned and grinned at him nastily, its eyes glowing as it attacked again. It tore the branch from his hand as he tried to block the assault, its claws gripping onto him dragging him closer as he scrambled in the bushes behind for another branch, but instead his hand closed over something else, a cool metal and his heart gave a small leap of relief.
He turned as the Wereval made its final attack, bringing around his sword swiftly as the weight of the monster drove itself downward and impaled itself onto the glistening blade. The monster screamed in agony as Lucas drove the sword further in, and he felt its dead weight press against him as the beast collapsed.
He lay there for a minute unable to move and then with great effort pulled himself out from under the lifeless body. He could hear the sound of destruction around him now, a burning heat filling the clearing but the pain was clouding everything as he fought to stay awake. 
He moved backwards pulling himself up against a tree, his bleeding body broken and torn as into view came more of the deadly creatures. They grinned at him, their eyes glowing brightly as he lifted his sword, ready for the attack he knew was coming but as he stared at the evil before him, he knew it was too late. 
He only hoped he had bought Lizzie enough time.  
Lucas coughed as they drew nearer, flecks of blood staining his lips as he struggled to stay conscious but the darkness was dragging him under with every passing second and as his eyes fluttered for the last time he saw a silver blur fill his vision and he smiled.
An angel had come to take him.

******
Cass swept in low his wings skimming the tops of the trees, the high guttural cries rising up from the canopy below as he approached the temple. 
He arrived just in time to see Lizzie disappear inside the entrance, and as he banked sharply to the left trying to get closer, he was forced to watch helplessly as the Werevals brought Lucas down.
He moved in lower, hot flames belching from his jaws, torching the surrounding trees; his claws shredding the fauna before him. But he could still not get close enough and as Lucas’ life slipped away Cass felt the magic build up inside him; a roar suddenly erupting from his throat, the earth shuddering beneath him as he dove forward, his need to protect Lucas filling him with a blind fury.
He felt the muscles tear as the branches tore through his wing, a sharp stabbing bursting through his chest but he never slowed as he crashed into the clearing to stand protectively over Lucas. 
He glared at the Werevals surrounding him and then roared again.
He may not be able to take flight again, but he would fight to the death.

******
A sudden thought broke into Lizzie’s head as she started running again. 
She pushed it away unable to bare thinking about it, a blinding sense of urgency bearing down on her but she was surprised to realise that she no longer felt the fear that she had felt outside. It was as if she now felt safe, like something was protecting her.
After a few more turns, she finally found herself in a wide passage leading to a huge archway, two pillars standing on either side of the opening. She slowed as she approached, carefully stepping through the high entrance way and found herself standing in an immense vaulted chamber, the roof constructed of large hexagonal glass windows, flooding the room with bright sunlight.
The first thing she noticed were two monstrous stone dragon statues, hanging suspended in the air, on opposite sides of the hall. Their heads were turned, facing towards the sky as if guarding against attack; their beautifully carved bodies catching the sunlight on intricate scales that looked almost real, their wings wrapped against their torsos whilst their long curving tails snaked low to the ground, in long arcing twists. 
She smiled suddenly reminded of the Dragonskeepe and once again felt a tug in her chest as she wondered if Cass was alright. 
She blocked it out, stepping further into the room and caught sight of several more statues lining the edges of the room. These ones were of strange warriors with long spears, their faces hard; staring at her as if they were watching her every move but for some reason she didn’t feel threatened by them, it was as if they knew her, as if they were letting her pass. 
She looked around examining the room more closely, and it was finally then that she noticed that there were no other exits in the room, the walls clear and smooth with no balconies or hidden crevices. She looked up searching for any sign of an opening, but there were none and instead she couldn’t help staring at two massive crystal chandeliers hanging high above her, thousands of white wax candles waiting to be lit in the glittering gilt frames.
She carried on, drawn further into the great hall, a feeling of reverence creeping over her; a whispered hush like she was in a church, and this was a place of worship, and the feeling was confirmed as she caught sight of a large dais at the far end of the room. 
Behind it hanging from the ceiling hung a massive green velvet banner, a golden dragon emblazoned on it, and Lizzie realised that it was the same symbol that Tae had worn, the first time she had seen him; it was the emblem of the King of Kaimeara. 
She moved towards it, finding herself standing at the bottom of a large set of pyramid steps leading up to a platform. At the top, she could see a large stone plinth but it was too high for her to see clearly from where she was standing.
She ascended swiftly, becoming slightly breathless as she climbed higher and as she looked from side to side noticed that she was now almost level with the dragon statues, one on each side of her; their huge golden talons resting metres away from the top of the platform, which now levelled to a flat surface.
Above her two thick golden ropes ran across the chamber, secured on the wall behind by large metal rings, and she realised that this was what was holding the crystal chandeliers anchored in the air.
She stepped onto the top ominously, her nerves beginning to mount as she moved towards the large stone plinth she had seen from below. From here, she could see that it easily reached her chest in height, four strange symbols carved into the smooth cream stone; one on each side. 
Sitting on top of it stood a small worn wooden box, its edges gnarled and rough like weathered bark, an old faded bronze clasp securing it tightly shut but there was no lock. Hesitantly she gripped the clasp in her hand and pulled it open, the lid lifting easily so she was able to look inside, her heart skipping a beat as she caught sight of what lay inside. There cushioned within a bed of crumpled green silk, lay a small crystal orb.
The Glimmer she thought, smiling in disbelief.
It was real, and she’d actually found it.
She picked it up, cautiously holding it up to the light as tiny images flickered into view, the colours weaving together as she realised she was now looking at a miniature version of Castle Valista. 
This was it she thought; all the pain; all the fear; it was all for this and now all she had to do was smash it.
She smiled to herself, pleading silently that it would work, and then lifted the orb high in the air. She brought it down with an ear-splitting crunch on to the top of the plinth, the force of it exploding through her body as she was blasted backwards to the floor, in a blaze of white light.
She looked up dazed: the air still shimmering around her and then glanced back down at her hand, where the Glimmer lay unbroken, still clutched tightly between her fingers.  
It hadn’t worked. Now what did she do 
She scrabbled to her feet confusion washing over her as she stared helplessly at the flickering images still trapped within their prison.
“You stupid little girl; did no one ever tell you that you can’t smash it inside the temple,” a deep voice mocked, startling her from her panic, “The magic is too strong.” 
Lizzie froze: the fear swallowing her as the voice from her nightmares echoed through the empty chamber; his heavy boots ringing as they struck the marble stones. 
“Malaeck?” she hissed as he stepped through the towering pillars to stand before her, flanked on both sides by several Werevals. 
He wasn’t what she had been expecting: his face young and handsome, except for a large scar running the length of his cheek. He couldn’t have been much older than she was, but he carried himself in such a way that his imposing body overshadowed her youth by years making him appear much older. There was something strangely familiar about him though, and as she caught his eyes, just for the briefest flicker she was sure he felt exactly the same way.
“So it appears you have heard of me,” he questioned finally speaking again. “But at last we meet. Honestly after all the problems you’ve caused me I’m slightly disappointed. I thought you were going to be…,” he paused, slowly crossing the empty space between them, “Not so pathetic.” He laughed. “So why don’t you just bring that thing down here and give it to me.”
Lizzie tensed, carefully slipping the Glimmer protectively behind her back as the Werevals fanned out around the base of the altar, savouring her with their stares; their bodies rigid and ready to attack. 
She didn’t know how but she was sure tonight would be a full moon, she could see the thirst in their eyes, could see the desire; the wanting. She edged backwards scanning the room for an exit, but there were none; she was trapped.
“Oh, they won’t hurt you…yet,” Malaeck said smugly, seeing her reaction to the Werevals but Lizzie had stopped listening, her eyes locked on one of the Werevals limping towards her, a torn shred of bloodied green cloth caught in its back claws.
She froze, the ache in her chest stopping her breath as the tears threatened to blur her vision.
She shouldn’t have left him. They should have stayed together. Then at least they might’ve had a chance. Now Lucas was gone, and she was all alone. She couldn’t do this. She shook her head, blocking the thoughts threatening to creep into her head. 
That’s not what Lucas would have wanted. She could do this; she just had to not panic. She edged back further until her body pressed firmly against the wall behind her, the fear beginning to rise as she slipped the Glimmer into the top of her tunic. 
She had to get out of there; there had to be some way, and then she spotted something. 
If she could make it to the dragon statue, she might be able to climb up to the roof but then what. 
It didn’t matter she’d have to worry about that when she got there. 
“I know you’re scared Lizzie,” Malaeck interrupted her thoughts, mocking her as he stepped closer, drawing his sword. “I can feel it radiating from you; just like I could feel it from your friend when the Werevals disposed of him. Personally I would have made him suffer more but it is a full moon tonight and it’s hard to stop them when the bloodlust takes over.” 
Lizzie felt sick, the sound of the Werevals whimpering excitedly filling her head, the tears beginning to fall as she glared at him, the hatred beginning to grow inside her as she scanned the room working out what she would do next. 
“And that beautiful creature,” Malaeck continued arrogantly, “Such a waste. If only he would submit to my will.”
“You’re lying,” Lizzie suddenly screamed, unable to control herself any longer. “If Cass were dead I would know. You’re lying just to scare me.”
“I don’t need to lie to make you scared of me,” he laughed, “Oh and he isn’t dead…yet. That would be a waste. Now why don’t you give me the Glimmer and I’ll let him live.”
“I don’t believe you,” she hissed back.
“What… but you believe that you’ll make it out of this room alive; believe you’re going to free the castle; believe any of this is going to make a difference. You know it won’t, I can see it in your eyes.”
“You don’t know anything about me,” she shot back angrily. “Otherwise you would have killed me by now.”
She didn’t wait for an answer as she rushed forward, pushing the stone plinth with all her might. Then turning she drew her sword and cut the ropes holding the crystal chandelier above her, gripping onto it tightly; the momentum dragging her forward as she ran for the edge of the alter and jumped. 
She slammed into the bottom of the dragon’s tail; her breath crushed from her lungs, her hands scrabbling for a handhold, her feet swinging wildly in mid-air as she desperately tried to pull herself up.
She heard a yell go up, the angry squeal of a Wereval as it was crushed beneath the falling stone and glass, but she didn’t look down as she finally dragged herself up onto the bottom of the statue, slipping her sword away and using both hands to manoeuvre her way up the dragon’s spiky tail. 
“There’s nowhere to run Lizzie,” she heard Malaeck shout from below but she didn’t stop.
Her breathing starting to come quicker as she climbed even higher, her arms beginning to ache as she clambered onto it’s huge body and made her way up towards it neck. 
She was almost there when she spotted an opening.
It was just above the Dragons snout; a small hole cut into the roof, the light reflecting from the glass dome making it almost invisible. Just in front of it was a tiny glass platform that was concealed if seen from the floor but which gleamed from where Lizzie now stood.
Suddenly energised Lizzie sped up, her escape now visible and as she climbed onto the head she paused for a moment and glimpsed around the chamber, spotting three other openings flickering on each side of the room. She couldn’t see Malaeck, but she knew he was there, her eyes drawn instead to the four Werevals leaping up the other statue on the opposite side of the hall to her.
She took a deep breath, preparing to jump to the glass platform, when she suddenly felt something, a scream tearing from her lips as sharp claws raked along her leg, gripping it tightly. 
She kicked out as she caught sight of the Wereval dragging itself over the underside of the dragon’s stone jaw, but she couldn’t free her leg as she felt herself beginning to slip. She turned onto her stomach gripping her fingers onto the ridges of the statue’s face and kicked again and again as hard as she could, her body being pulled closer to the edge, the pain almost unbearable until with a sickening crunch the Werevals face caved inwards and she felt his grip release.
She pulled her legs quickly back up onto the statue, forcing herself to stand as far below she heard the Werevals body land with a dull thud, but she didn’t dare look in case there were more behind her.
Without hesitating again, she leaped across the gap and stepped out into the blinding light.

******
A cool breeze brushed at Lizzie’s face as her eyes adjusted to the bright glare, and as she looked around she realised that she was now standing on the odd structure, she had seen earlier from Cass’s back.
Now though it didn’t seem like jumbled blocks of stone placed randomly. Now from where she was standing she could see four sets of stairs emerging from the roof, like points on a compass and weaving and twisting around each other as they rose into the air. The effect was dazzling as the stairs never quite touching reached the pinnacle and fanned out like the petals of a flower, capturing the sunlight at its centre like an old fashioned torch, in a hero story.
Lizzie smiled despite herself, the beauty filling her with a strange peace until something else suddenly caught her attention. She gazed across the rooftop and saw the Werevals appearing as if from thin air to stand on the other sets of steps, their eyes savouring her with malice.
It was now or never she thought taking a deep breath. 
She took the Glimmer from her tunic and held it up high, the colours sparkling more intensely in the daylight as she readied herself to smash it but just as she brought her hand down she abruptly stopped; a noise startling her from behind.
Impulsively she moved onto the first step, realising for the first time that they were not made from any type of stone she had ever seen but instead were completely transparent, the colour instead coming from what looked like rushing water sealed within the stone. As she neared the other sets she could see they were all made from different blocks; one a dark greeny brown; another that looked like wispy clouds on a summer’s day; the last a deep orangey red and Lizzie realised she was looking at the four elements, water, earth, air and fire.
She had almost reached the first spiral when Malaeck stepped out into the light, to stand on the platform below her, his face a mixture of anger and excitement.
“Why do you keep trying?” he yelled irritably, “There is nowhere left to run!”
“You can’t stop me,” she shouted back, her eyes nervously flitting to the Werevals around her as she continued to climb higher, but they never moved instead watching her intently, guarding her escape routes, as Malaeck stepped onto the stairs below her.  
“But I already have,” Malaeck smirked, lazily drawing his sword. “Can’t you feel it, the magic crawling over your skin, controlling you? You’ll do what I say.”
Lizzie felt sick, his words draining away the last of her energy as she realised he was right, the prickling sensation like she had felt at the mercy of Feeola, creeping up her spine and rendering her helpless.
She stopped walking, her feet suddenly heavy and turned to wait for him his words poisoning her as he continued to talk.
“It’s over Lizzie; you lost. But you knew that would happen because you didn’t really think someone as weak and pathetic as you could be a hero that saves everyone. You’re nothing.”
He laughed nastily.
“And even if you do succeed in freeing them, then what. You think they’re just going to go on living their nice safe little lives. Well, they won’t, and they’ll have you to thank for that.”   
Lizzie closed her eyes trying desperately to block him out, to free herself, but she couldn’t move as the magic continued to bind her, holding her captive.
“Are you really ready to do that Lizzie,” he asked cruelly, “Are you really ready to condemn all those people to death because they will die. I promise you that; every single one of them.”
“Stay out of my head,” Lizzie suddenly screamed, the force of it causing Malaeck to stagger backwards like he had been physically struck, as Lizzie defiantly drew her sword. “You’re stronger than I thought,” he remarked coldly as Lizzie slowly began backing up the stairs away from him, her sword levelled ready to attack, “But there’s still no place left for you to go.”
Lizzie turned briefly registering for the first time that she had now reached the top of the steps and was standing on the narrow platform that she had thought looked like a flower petal. 
A short distance away she could see the other sets of steps, and as she scanned the horizon around her, she knew she was going to have to either jump or fight him. 
She stared back at him, his face cruel and vicious, her hands shaking as she thought about the prospect of fighting him.
“Now I’m done playing little girl,” he growled, “So you can smash it or give it to me. It makes no difference. Either way, you’re all going to die.”
“I won’t let you do that,” she hissed, “I’ll stop you somehow.”
“Yeah,” he laughed moving closer, “You and what army?”
Lizzie edged backwards, her feet resting on the tip of the platform, glancing behind her to the other set of steps. It wasn’t that far; could she make it; she was going to have to try. As long as she smashed the Glimmer and freed everyone she would at least of succeeded. Even if she died doing it.
She couldn’t let him win.
She gripped the Glimmer tightly, readying herself to jump and then she felt a sudden wave of familiar calmness washing over her, filling her with a warm energy.
She looked back down at where Malaeck stood, edging his way across the few feet between them, and she smiled.
“I will stop you,” she said seeing the look of surprise register on his face as she brought her hand smoothly downwards, her fingers finally releasing the crystal orb, the swirling colours inside flickering in the light as it fell to the stone and shattered, filling the air with a bright white magic.

******
Malaeck watched in horror as the blinding light cleared and he could see the mighty dragon, soaring once more into the distance, carrying with him the girl he so desperately wanted to kill.
He wasn’t sure why, but there was just something about her that made his blood boil, the magic burning through him, and he was filled with a strong desire that he needed her. 
She had barely escaped from him this time, but she was stronger than he had thought she would be; a power deep inside her and he knew that one day they would meet again.
He glanced down at the shattered remains of the Glimmer at his feet, kicking the broken shards dismissively. It made no difference to him really, the castle held no threat that he feared. 
He would kill them all. Just like the girl when he found her again.
He looked up again; the dragon now vanished on the horizon and breathed deeply.
They would all suffer for what they had done.
But first he would have to return home and accept his punishment for failure.


******
Velos felt the magic instantly, a wall of power rippling through the earth, the air, the very stones of his beloved castle.
He had not felt magic like this in a long time, and it could mean only one thing.
Malaeck had failed, and there would be hell to pay.
Broken
Lizzie felt the wind rushing through her hair as she was carried away, the small thermal pockets of air lifting them higher into the sky as they soared on the currents.
She had known it was Cass, had felt him the moment he had drawn near; had known he was safe and instinctively what he wanted her to do.
Smash the Glimmer and jump.
But now as she hung tightly clasped in his talon she felt something else, an ache in her chest; there was something wrong.
She looked up becoming aware that they were losing height, their movement abrupt and jarring and finally she realised what it was that was causing her panic to grow inside her. Cass’ right wing hung awkwardly at his side, flapping feeble, a long jagged cut sliced the width of it, almost severing it from his body, the pink muscle beneath glimmering in the sunlight.
A rush of nausea hit her, the torn flesh suddenly reminding her of the strip of bloodied green cloth, hanging from the Werevals claws, and she blinked, the burning of her tears stinging her face as they began to fall; the grief encompassing her as the sobs fought to find a release, her body beginning to shake uncontrollably.
He was gone.
Everything they had been through had been for nothing. She had still lost the most important thing to her; her best friend.
She clung to her despair, unable to think of anything else, Cass’ pain blending with her own until slowly they began to descend, and Cass gently lowered her once more onto the cliff top at the Edge of Heaven, her legs buckling beneath her as she collapsed to the ground. 
“Lizzie,” she heard Cass’ strained voice call her and she looked up through a mist of tears, to see his beautiful face, a haunted haggard look glinting in his eyes.
Unable to speak she threw her arms across his snout pressing herself into the warmth of his neck.
“Your wing?” she whispered.
“Is fine,” he exclaimed, “Can you stand?”
She looked up again, the seriousness in his voice alarming her.
She nodded weakly, pulling herself to her feet, a sharp stabbing pain shooting through her leg. She glanced down to see several wide slashes across her trousers and boots, the fabric stained a deep red.
“We need to keep moving,” Cass remarked, “Can you climb up?”
She gingerly tested her weight on her feet, the pain screaming through her body but she nodded again, limping slowly to Cass’s uninjured side and letting him guide her as she awkwardly pulled herself up onto his back.
“You need a hand?” she heard a weak voice ask as she reached the top, and she looked up in shock.
“Luke?” she choked, the sound catching in her throat as he took her hand and helped her onto Cass’ back.
“I’m so sorry,” she blurted out, bursting into tears again as she threw her arms tightly around him, “I thought I’d lost you,” she whispered.
He wrapped his arms around her, holding her close as all the fear and sorrow washed from her body, his hand gently stroking the back of her hair.
“I should never have left you,” she stammered finally pulling away from him. “We should...”
“Lizzie it doesn’t matter,” Lucas stated, “We did it. You did it. It’s going to be…”
He didn’t finish his sentence; the words swallowed as a raking cough burst from his chest, tiny flecks of blood appearing on his lips. Lizzie shuddered, registering for the first time just how bad he really looked; his face ashen; his eyes dark; his hair limp and matted; his tunic shredded, a deep crimson stain spreading across his torso. 
“Oh my god,” she gasped as she gently moved his arm and saw several thick gashes carved across his chest and neck, the open wounds dark black as the blood congealed around them.
“Luke…”
“I’m going to be fine,” he whispered taking her hand, “Looks worse than it really is.”
Lizzie looked up, catching the fear on Cass’ face.
“We need to get him to a healer,” Cass stated.
“Sydney’s?” she remarked quickly.
“He will not be able to help, the wounds are too deep; the poison…” he paused. “We need to get him to the castle.”
“But what if I didn’t break the spell,” she cried, “What if they’re not there?”
Cass remained silent, unable to answer.
Lizzie couldn’t breath, the world crashing down around her as she stared helplessly at both of her injured friends.
“But your wing,” she protested, “It’s too far you won’t be able to make.”
“We will have to try,” he replied, leaping once more into the sky.

******
Castle Valista shimmered in the early evening glow as Cass banked lower, his movements stiff and laboured.
The journey had taken them longer than it should have.
Cass resting frequently, his wing growing weaker with every attempt, but he never stopped, time and again clawing his way back into the sky and persevering, his determination carrying them onwards until finally they had spotted the castle.
The fact that it could be seen at all had filled Lizzie with a new hope but as she watched it flickering in and out of her vision she was still unsure how the spell worked. 
Would they be able to pass through the protective barrier or would the castle still be trapped? She guessed they were about to find out. 
She looked over at Lucas beside her, his eyes glazed un-staring into the sky, his body still, his breathing ragged and then she turned back to the castle, silently praying that it had worked as she spotted figures now appearing in the castle grounds.
The people below could see them.
They drew in closer, the shimmering wall of magic washing over them as they passed and
Cass circled lower, juddering to a halt in the main courtyard, his exhausted wings shuddering as they finally came to a stop.
She knew how bad he was, could feel his pain in her chest, a cold numbness spreading through her limbs and leaving her drained and empty.
She leant over gently rousing Lucas, his eyes flickering to hers as he came out of his stupor.
“Lizzie,” he breathed
“Shh,” she whispered, “We made it, it’s going to be alright. Can you move?”
He strained forward as they suddenly heard a voice from below.
“Leviro,” she whispered, a small smile breaking on her lips.
“My dearest Silvertail,” they heard him cry, “Do my eyes deceive me?” 
“No old friend,” Cass’ weary voice replied.
“But how?” Leviro asked, “And you are badly wounded,” he said spying Cass’s damaged wing. “Quickly fetch my crystals from the castle.”
“It is a long story and one I will gladly tell” Cass replied, “But we are in serious need of a healer.”
“We?” she heard Leviro question.
They felt Cass’ claw move; his strong talons lifting them from his back and gently putting them on the ground, the effort causing a large growl to break from his jaws.
“Lizzie, Lucas?” Leviro gasped in shock, assessing their bedraggled appearances before embracing them in a soft hug.
Lizzie felt the warmth wash over her at his touch; his smell comforting and familiar, the tears prickling at her eyes as the relief flooded her veins.
They were safe.
He pulled away, his eyes also glistening as he stared them. 
“My dear child,” he said catching sight of Lucas’ chest, “You look almost as bad as the first time you arrived at the castle; maybe worse. We need to get you to a healer.”
“Its just a scratch,” Lucas answered, his voice slurred as he swayed slightly, his legs giving way but before he could fall Lizzie felt movement behind her and Lucas was caught.
She looked over and saw Tae standing beside them, his face grave; his shoulders squared, his arm resting tightly at Lucas’ waist and supporting him.
She caught his eyes for a brief glimpse before he turned away, a flicker of relief showing in them or was it respect as he focussed on Lucas.
“I’m fine,” Lucas murmured trying to stand on his own, his pride filling him with strength as he tried to pull away from the older boy but Tae held on as Lucas staggered his body sagging even lower until Tae was taking all of his weight. 
“Can you walk?” he asked Lucas solemnly, his voice steady with no hint of sarcasm in it.
 Lucas nodded, finally accepting his help, easing his arm painfully across the other boy’s shoulders as Tae moved towards the castle. 
“What about Cass?” Lizzie asked Leviro as she turned to stare at Cass; his huge body now sunk to the ground, his head resting on the flagstones, his eyes flickering.
 “I will do all I can,” he replied moving to stand in front of him, “But I may need your help if you feel strong enough?” he asked her. 
She turned back to Lucas, torn between her two friends and Tae caught her eye again.
“I’ve got him,” he remarked nodding.
She smiled a flood of relief washing over as she watched them start away and then turned back to Cass and Leviro. 
Leviro had now knelt in front of the dragon’s wing and opened a large wooden box that a young girl had brought from the castle. As Lizzie moved closer, she could see there were several different coloured crystals lying inside, and as she knelt beside him he took a sky blue one from its holder and placed it on Cass’ torn wing.
A scream erupted from her lungs as the contact was made; a sharp pain coursing through her body as her mind started to turn blank, and then all of a sudden it stopped and she was staring into Leviro’s serious face.
“The bond?” he whispered, as Cass’ eyes flickered open, a brightness glowing behind them.
“The what?” Lizzie asked clutching at her chest, “What was that?”
“I am sorry my child,” Leviro replied, “I did not know.”
He turned to Cass, his face a mask of seriousness.
“Tracassiantus Silvertail,” he asked, “Have you given your oath to this child; have you sworn to protect her?”
“Yes,” Cass whispered quietly
“Do you understand what that means?” Leviro asked her, “Because if you have accepted his oath we may be able to save him.”
Lizzie nodded tears beginning to stream down her face.
“Just help him,” she cried pitifully.
She watched as Leviro folded back a layer of the velvet cloth inside the box and withdrew two tiny silver stones, clasping them firmly in his hand. 
He handed one to Lizzie, his hands shaking slightly as he placed it gently in her right palm.
“Hold this to your heart,” he gestured and then gave her the other stone, “Hold this one to the wound.”
Lizzie took the other stone, her hands trembling as she held her right hand up to her heart and then knelt forward.
She could hear Cass’ breathing coming even slower now, the rise and fall of his chest sluggish and as she drew closer to the wing could see that the scales surrounding it had now faded to a dull transparent sheen, the colour completely disappeared.
She held her breath, not knowing what to expect, leaning in and placing her other hand over the wound.
There was a jolt of energy, a burning rush spreading through her body as the stones began to glow, a shimmering shroud of magic growing around them, enveloping them inside; blocking out the rest of the world as they were both lost within a blinding white light.

******
Lizzie awoke to find herself in her room in the castle, the familiar surroundings comforting as she stretched her aching body and sat up.
“How are you feeling?” Leviro asked, from the chair beside her bed, making her jump.
“Cass?” she croaked her throat dry and scratchy, her body uneasy as she tried to clamber from the bed, “And Lucas, is he alright?”
She felt Leviro’s firm hand restraining her, pushing her gently back on to the pillows as he handed her a glass of water.
“Both healing,” he replied, “Lucas is not awake yet, but he is stable. Cass’ strength is returning slowly more each day. It will help now that you are awake.”
“How long was I asleep?” she asked, looking around and finally realising how dark it was in the chamber.
“Three days,” he answered.
“Three days?” she repeated in disbelief, “How?”
“The magic the bond produced had even greater strength than either I had imagined and Cass’ wounds were gravely serious. Without you, he would have died. He feared you would not awake; the energy used so strong.”
“Can I see him?” she asked timidly.
A small frown appeared on Leviro’s face as he studied her.
“Are you strong enough to walk?” he asked.
Lizzie sat up again, dragging her legs out of the bed and tentatively stood up. She swayed slightly, her head dizzy and was grateful when she felt Leviro carefully take her arm.
“Maybe it is too soon,” he remarked.
Lizzie shook her head.
“Please,” she whispered, “Just for a while.”
Leviro nodded reluctantly, reaching for a long dark robe at the end of the bed and helped her silently into it.
He wrapped it around her tightly, staring into her face, an expression of relief on his features as he pulled her close and hugged her affectionately.
“It is good to have you home my child,” he whispered warmly.

******
Cass had felt it the moment Lizzie awoke, a lightness in his heart that flowed through his body, energising him and filling him with hope once more.
He had never believed that he could be hurt that badly, his magic draining from his body, his life slipping away with every wing beat but he had not faltered; an urgency forcing him to keep moving. It was only when Leviro had placed the crystal against his torn wing that he had accepted that it was his need to help Lizzie that had driven him onwards.   
He had given his word that he would be her protector, and he had been unable to stop whilst she had needed saving. It was only once he knew she was safe that the magic had started to fade quickly, the excruciating agony ripping through him as he waited to die. But he had not and now as he stared out into the dark night sky he knew why. 
It was the bond.
The magic tying his lifeline to Lizzie’s and he had felt her strength streaming into him, her heart, her soul, healing him and as the power overwhelmed him, he had feared he had taken too much. 
But now as he heard a slight stir behind him he felt his relief grow, and he turned to see her stepping out onto the veranda, closing the empty space between them, her hair pulled back tightly in a ponytail; her face drawn; her skin almost translucent in the starlit sky. And then she smiled, and he felt a deep well of happiness rise up inside him, a warm rush of magic flooding over him and he smiled back.
The bond was complete.

******
Lizzie sat in the empty hallway, her feet tapping impatiently as the shadows lengthened around her. She had been asking to see Lucas all day, pleading with Leviro that she was strong enough until finally he had relented and agreed she could see him but now as she sat waiting, she was suddenly filled with apprehension, fearful of what she was about to see. What if he wasn’t alright? What if he didn’t wake up?
She was torn from her thoughts as the door abruptly opened, filling the hall with warm candlelight, and she nervously jumped to her feet.
She stepped inside, her hands trembling as she thought about the first time she had ever entered this room, the sight of Lucas’ poisoned leg weeping and green, but not even that memory could have prepared her for what she saw now, as her feet stopped moving, her body paralysed as she stood staring.
Lucas lay on top of the bed, naked except for a pair of dark woven shorts; his skin milky white almost translucent in the candle light; a thin sheen of sweat coating his body. Across his bare chest and neck several bandages were wrapped, dirty brown stains seeping through the once white fabric, his laboured breathing making them look even worse, like the jaws of a beast opening and closing.
“Lizzie?” she heard a voice beside her and realising she hadn’t breathed yet, turned to find Leviro standing close at her side.
“Is he going…,” she stammered, unable to finish her sentence.
“He will live,” a voice replied and she looked back towards the bed to see a figure sitting within the shadows.
“Tae?” she asked surprised as Tae sat forward and then stood.
“I will return later,” he stated, bowing slightly to her as he moved towards the door and then he stopped, pausing in the doorway as he turned back towards her. “I am glad you are home,” he remarked smiling slightly, the corner of his eyes lighting up just briefly as he spoke and then he was gone, closing the door behind him.
“Tae has not left his side,” Leviro said startling her, and she turned back to stare at Lucas’ ravaged body.
“Tae’s been with him the whole time?” Lizzie asked as she edged closer to the bed, gently brushing Lucas’ hair from his face, his eyelids fluttering at her touch but they didn’t open. “Why?” she asked puzzled.
“I think it is his way of showing respect and admitting he was wrong about Lucas,” Leviro answered. “They may never truly be friends but as the High Prince, Tae has shown Lucas a great honour by aiding and staying with him and everyone will remember that.”
“Will Lucas be alright?” she asked, staring at her friend, the tears finally getting the better of her and beginning to trickle down her face as she took Lucas’ hand. “Will he wake up?”
Leviro came to stand behind her, resting his hand firmly on her shoulder.
“Yes,” he answered, “Eventually.”
“Eventually?” she blurted out, turning to face Leviro.
The old man nodded; his face solemn.
“The poison from the Werevals bite was deadly, but by some miracle Lucas seems to be immune to it. If he had not been, he would never have even made it back to the castle.” 
“So why didn’t it kill him?” she asked confused.
“Do you remember the first time Lucas lay in this bed?” he asked.
Lizzie nodded, her earlier images returning to her mind.
“The poison from those thorns spread swiftly through his body and we were only just able to stop it spreading to his heart. It appears that whilst his body was fighting the poison it developed an immunity to it, a protection in his blood that made him able to heal himself. That immunity is now preventing the Werevals poison from killing him, but it is taking its strain on his body and only time will tell how well he will heal.
“So if he’d never fallen on that thorn, he’d be dead by now?” she asked surprised.
“Sometimes a blessing comes in the most unlikely disguises,” he said smiling, “Though I am sure it will take Lucas quite a well to think that.”
He smiled again squeezing her shoulder.
“Now we should get you back into bed. You need to rest.” 
“I’m fine,” she answered, feeling the yawn pulling unwittingly at her lips. “Can I stay with him just a bit longer,” she pleaded.
Leviro watched her closely for a moment and then nodded.
“Just for a while,” he relented, “I will return for you,” he said, turning and leaving the room.
Lizzie stood for a moment longer watching her friend and then gently climbed up onto the bed beside him, careful not to knock against him and lay down, softly taking his hand.  She felt the tears begin again but this time she didn’t stop them, watching Lucas’ chest rise and fall through a mist of grief as she softly stroked his hand.
“Please wake up,” she whispered, her tears growing heavier until unable to keep her eyes open any longer she fell into a deep heavy sleep.
The Last Spell
It was another three days before Lucas finally woke up, his eyes flickering open to see Lizzie laying on her side next to him, holding his hand in the darkness.
“Hey,” she whispered, smiling hesitantly.
“Hi,” he croaked, his voice hoarse as he tried to turn his body to face her, the agony shooting through his body as he was forced to remain rigidly still.
“Let me go get someone,” Lizzie uttered, pulling herself upright.
“No,” he moaned, squeezing her hand, “Just stay with me for a bit.”
She smiled again, a little unsure as she lay back down watching him with concerned eyes.
“Did you do it?” Lucas asked, “I can’t remember much after the attack.”
“No,” she replied, seeing the frown spread across his features, “We did it,” she smiled.
“You had me worried there for a minute,” he choked.
 “Sorry, but I couldn’t have done it without you.”
“Yeah, that’s me. Lucas Mathews, Knight in shining armour,” he groaned, a rasping laugh teasing his lips.
“Well, I just hope you’re over this hero complex by now,” she teased, joining in with his laughter, “Because if you ever pull something like that again I’ll kill you myself.”
“Nah, you wouldn’t,” he teased, “You haven’t got it in you.”
“You want to bet,” she retorted smiling.
He smiled back, a wave of pain crossing his face as he closed his eyes again.
“I’m glad you’re here,” he whispered, just before he fell back into a deep, restless sleep.

******

It was light when he woke again.
Lizzie was curled up in a ball beside him; a blanket wrapped snuggled around her as she slept, her chest rising and falling as she breathed deeply.
“We tried to get her to leave,” a voice startled him, “But you know how stubborn she is. It was much easier just to give in.”
Lucas felt a damp cloth across his head, the coolness refreshing on his burning skin, as he turned to see Tae standing beside him.
“Tae?” he asked surprised, “What are you doing here?”
“Don’t worry,” Tae remarked gently, “My Mother was a healer before she died. I inherited her gift, though not many know this and I would like to keep in that way. You are in good hands.” 
“Funny I thought you’d be the first person to inflict some pain on me if they got the chance.”
Tae laughed softly, sitting back into his chair beside the bed.
“Then I guess we would have both been wrong about each other,” he said catching Lucas’ eyes as he smiled and nodded. “Besides there is no honour in attacking a wounded man. Now it is still early, and it’s going to hurt like hell when I take those bandages off, so I suggest you get some more sleep. You will need all the strength you have.”
Lucas nodded settling back into the pillows.
“Thank you,” he replied in earnest.
Tae smiled again he face becoming serious.
“No, it is I that owe thanks,” he answered, “I do not like to be proved wrong but just this once I am forever grateful that I was.”
“I’ll remember that next time I beat you in a fight,” Lucas remarked his voice sleepy.
Tae laughed.
“Never going to happen,” he retorted, just as Lucas’ eyes closed once more.

******
Lucas could feel the itching prickling across his skin, the urge to scratch it intense but he had been warned about the dangers of doing that and even though he hated to admit it Tae knew what he was talking about.
It had hurt like hell when they’d taken the bandages off, the wounds beneath coated in a thick black crusted layer that oozed a disgusting smelling substance, which stuck to the gauze, but eventually as the days passed and his body healed he found himself becoming stronger once more.
The only thing it didn’t stop was the itching, which Tae had told him was a good sign. It meant his body was healing properly.
Lizzie had been with him every day and as she entered now, climbing up to sit at the end of his bed she frowned.
“What’s with the serious face?” she asked puzzled.
Lucas shook his head.
“I was just wondering if I’ll ever get to sleep in this bed without being poisoned first.”
Lizzie laughed.
“Well as long as there’s no more rescue attempts, you should be alright.”
“Thanks,” he remarked sarcastically. “So glad to see I’m appreciated.”
Lizzie smiled shrugging.
“Any time,” she retorted, before falling silent again.
Lucas sat watching her for a while, then nudged her with his foot.
“So what’s up?” he asked.
“Why do you always assume there’s something wrong?” 
“Because I know you,” he replied, “So?”
“It’s nothing,” she paused, shaking her head.
“It’s just Leviro, and Cass have been locked away for days now,” she eventually said, “It’s making me nervous.”
“Nervous about what?” he asked. 
“About what they might find.”
“You mean they might find a way home,” he added.
Lizzie nodded awkwardly.
“I know its stupid, and of course I want to see my Mum again but…”
“This feels like home now,” Lucas finished for her.
“Yeah,” she mused, “Like I said, stupid.”
“Not stupid,” he answered, “I get it but whatever does happen it’ll be alright because we’ll do it together, we’ll just have to wait and see.”

******
They didn’t have to wait long.
As soon as Lucas was well enough to walk they were both summoned before the council. This time though they weren’t taken to the council chambers but led through a beautiful rose garden, the sweet smell of summer filling their noses as they stepped onto a wide outdoor veranda.
Seated around a large stone table sat the Elders including Leviro, Lady Catalina, with Ma-een standing closely behind her and Tae. At the far end Cass was resting on the flagstones, his large head resting near the table top.
Lady Catalina smiled warmly as they were seated, but Lucas could still feel the tension in the air as he was asked to recount his version of their travels.
He spoke constantly uninterrupted, his voice filling the quiet air as they listened intently, their faces stern as he told of the sea Witch’s castle and the magic she had controlled him with. He was exhausted by the time he was finished, not understanding how traumatic his tale had been until he had spoken of it but now as he sat watching the other, he realised that he felt a great sense of relief by finally telling it.
The council talked at length as Lizzie and Lucas sat quietly listening and then finally Lady Catalina spoke.
“The tale you tell troubles us greatly,” she began. “Since returning we have sent scouts out into the forest but those that have returned at all bring news of darkness and death. Our home ravaged and destroyed by this ruler they call Velos, his armies feared throughout as his madness feeds upon the earth we once cherished. Many times we have heard the name Malaeck whispered in fear as our people hide from the legion of monsters that now hunt our lands.”
She looked at the faces around the table, her eyes unsure, strain showing on her features.
“We have been protected for so long now,” she questioned. “How do we face this evil that threatens us, how do we restore hope to our lands?”
“We fight,” Tae suddenly interrupted, his sister pausing to look at him.
“For too long have I hidden within this castle, trapped within these walls, unable to help? I will hide no longer. I will ride against this evil and destroy it.”
“Brother, please,” Lady Catalina began but Leviro held up his hand and she fell silent.
“I must agree with Tae,” he stated.
“Leviro,” she whispered, “You cannot…”
“I am sorry my Lady but the tales that we have heard are most distressing,” Leviro began. “Tae is right. For not only has our world been corrupted by a new evil, it is being preyed upon once again by the Sea Witch Feeola, an old and dangerous enemy we had thought been banished years ago. If we continue to hide, we do not know how long the protection on the castle will hold, we have no guarantee that we will be safe. Something must be done.”
“If Feeola is helping this new Lord do you think she could have been the one helping Silverwolf?” Lady Catalina asked her voice unsteady as Tae physically flinched at the name, “Could she know how to reverse the spell on the dragons?”
“Of that we do not,” Leviro answered, “But it could be possible. From what Lizzie has told us we were able to research the magic the witch used and have now found buried within the archives, notes on a dark magic, once thought lost, depicting that of an ancient spell like the one Silverwolf cast. We can not be sure but...”
“So does it tell us where the dragons were sent and how to bring them back?” Tae asked abruptly. 
“Tae,” Lady Catalina snapped as Leviro held up his hand to stop her.
“No, I am afraid it does not,” he said, “But it does tell of a way to cross the borders between worlds.”
Lucas felt Lizzie tense beside him as he stared at Leviro, the old man looking up to catch his eyes but neither spoke.
“So you think all the dragons were sent to our world?” Lizzie asked, breaking the silence.
“Yes,” Cass answered, speaking for the first time, “We do not yet know why but we believe Silverwolf was able to control the borders by magic.”
“So will we be able to return the dragons to Kaimeara if we find them?” Lizzie asked.
“What do you mean find them?” snapped Tae.
“You’re telling us this because you want us to go home,” Lizzie remarked, “You’ve found a way and you want us to go through the borders and find them.”
“We can not ask that of you after everything you have done for us. It would be too dangerous,” Leviro warned. “We are not sure that the magic will still even work.”
“You can’t be serious?” Tae asked in disbelief, staring around the table, “You’re really going to try and send them through the borders. You know it has never been done.”
“But it has,” Lucas interjected looking up at Cass. “The magic brought Cass home.”
“Then I’m going with you,” Tae stated indignantly.
“You can not brother, you are needed here,” Lady Catalina whispered, seeing the flash of anger on his face. “Did you not say earlier that you did not want to hide; that you wanted to face the evil that threatens us? This is not your quest; you are needed here with your people.”
“But it is ours,” Lizzie said turning to look at Lucas, “We have to go back.”
“There is no guarantee that you will be able to return,” Leviro stated, his face solemn.
“But we have to try,” she argued
“Lizzie,” Tae interrupted.
“No,” she said fiercely, turning to face him, “If Cass was stuck there, then there may be others. We can’t just leave them. We have to at least try.”
She turned to Cass and then Leviro seeking their support, but neither raised their eyes to meet hers and then finally Lady Catalina spoke.
“Lucas, if you are indeed the hero of the prophecy, this affects you more than any of us,” she said, “Share with us your feelings?”
Lucas looked around seeing the fear on the faces of those he now cared about and his heart faltered. Could he leave them, did he even want to; to go back to a home that he hated more than anything and then he saw Lizzie’s face? He knew how closely she was connected to Cass, knew how much he missed his family, and Lucas knew that she needed to help; needed him to make the decision. The council would not ask them to go; they knew how dangerous it would be, but they needed them to bring back the dragons. He was being asked to make a sacrifice that would affect all of them, and he had to be strong.
“I’m with Lizzie,” he said calmly, seeing the shock register on their faces, “If there is any chance that the dragons are stuck in our world then we have to try and help find them.” He saw Tae flinch, his face angry as he prepared to argue, and Lucas held up his hand. “You won’t be able to defeat Lord Velos without the dragons and Lizzie and I are the only ones that can pass through the borders. If there is even the slightest chance, we have to do this.”
“Then it is decided,” Leviro stated firmly, as he stood, “You will leave on the new moon.”
Preparations
The days leading up to their departure was filled with a mixture of sorrow and happiness. Lucas’ return to health signalled great celebration in the castle, a new hope bristling among its inhabitants as a great feast was planned for the Summer Solstice, the underlying feeling of fear swept away in the excitement of preparations.
Lizzie and Lucas spent much of their time in discussions with Leviro and Cass, studying the spell that would finally take them home, seeking out answers and preparing for what they knew they must do and facing the truth; they were leaving.
Lizzie had also decided to start training with Tae every day, and as she sat waiting for him in the training grounds, she couldn’t help start to worry about what they would need to do.   
It was madness.
“But truth in madness is often found, when magic in our heart is bound,” a voice interrupted her, answering her thoughts as if it could hear them.
She turned to see the Grindal sitting on the fence beside her. 
She smiled warily, still not sure how she felt about the little creature.
“Is that another riddle?” she asked cautiously, “I don’t have time for any more adventures.”
“Not a riddle, not a game, the truth lies deep within your name.
Your journey long, your path unclear, to face the one that you most fear.”
“What does that even mean?” she asked, watching as he somersaulted into the air and landed on the other side of the fence closer to her. “What journey and who do I fear?”
“Your quest begun, your destiny near, Look inside the answer’s clear.”
Lizzie shook her head about to question him again when he vanished into thin air.
“Thanks a lot,” she yelled aloud to the empty space.
“I have not done anything yet,” Tae answered from behind, making her jump, and she turned to see him entering the enclosure.
“Not you. The Grindal,” she replied seeing Tae look around in search for him. “He’s gone now,” she added, seeing the confused look on his face.
“Are you sure you’re up to doing this?” he asked concerned. 
“Yes,” she answered quickly, “I’ve been going crazy sitting around doing nothing.”
“Clearly,” he remarked, “Seeing as you are talking to people that are not here.”
Lizzie raised her eyebrow at him at the insult, pulling a face as she jumped from the fence to approach him.
“You’re making it much easier for me to not miss you, you now,” she retorted, drawing her sword. 
He smiled pulling his own weapon.
“So you’re going to miss me, are you?” 
“I never said that,” she smiled back.
He laughed. 
“When I think about that day I first trained you,” he began, “I never thought I would be standing here saying this but I am going to miss you also.”
Lizzie looked up catching his eye, as they stared at each other intently and then she smiled, readying her sword and then bowed.
He mirrored her movements exactly, and the fight began.
She really was going to miss him she thought, her heart pounding, the clash of metal ringing in her ears. 
He made her feel alive.
******
Lizzie trained with Tae every morning, whilst Lucas had his physio, his body slowly repairing itself and as they finished their morning workout she was surprised to see Lucas waiting at the gates to the training grounds for her.
“Hey, what’s up?” she yelled as she approached
“Leviro wants us for a final briefing,” Lucas answered, holding the gate open for her “Tae,” he nodded his head in greeting.
“Lucas,” Tae replied, the iciness between the two boys not as awkward as it usually was. 
“You need any help packing up?” she turned to ask Tae, breaking the silence which followed.
“No, you should go,” he motioned, “Leviro will not want to be kept waiting.”
Lizzie smiled, and she was relieved to see Tae smile as she left heading back towards the castle with Lucas.
“You and Tae seem to be getting on?” Lucas broke the silence as they walked.
“Yeah, he’s nice,” she answered seeing a smirk appear on Lucas’ face, and she nudged him playfully. “Under all that bravado I think he’s…”
“One of the good guys,” Lucas finished, stopping her in her tracks. “But don’t you ever tell him I said that.” 
“It’s our secret,” she laughed loudly, “Come on.”
They entered the castle together, joking as they made their way to Leviro’s chamber and stepped inside to find the old man sitting at his table waiting for them, a large book open in front of him.
“We have found it,” he exclaimed in greeting, beckoning them to sit.
“Found what?” Lizzie asked, climbing into one of the large leather chairs beside him.
“The Crystal Lake,” he answered his eyes lighting up. “I was afraid we would not find it in time, but it is here.”
They peered forward at the book where Leviro was pointing and noticed it was a map of Kaimeara.
“Here,” he whispered, indicating a small outcrop of rocks not too far from the castle. “It is the last key.”
“So we just go to the lake and say the spell,” Lucas asked, “And then what?”
“No,” Leviro stated seriously, standing and moving swiftly around the room, returning after moments and placing several items on the table in front of them, along with the book. “Like I have told you before it is not that simple, the rite is detailed and must be followed exactly.”
“Great,” Lucas remarked casually, “And what happens if we don’t?”
Leviro’s face turned grave.
“It doesn’t matter,” Lizzie interrupted before he could answer, glaring at Lucas. “So first we go to the lake and then what?”
Leviro took one of the scrolls he had placed on the table and unrolled it to reveal a beautiful picture of a glittering lake, the rocks around it an exact replica of the ones on the map.
“Here is the entrance,” he said pointing to the very centre of the lake and as she peered closer could now see the faint markings of a dark cave. “This is the way in. You will have to travel through the underwater tunnels, deep into the heart of the lake, and here you will find the fountain of light.”
“Did he say underwater?” Lizzie whispered, nudging Lucas, “As in swimming?”
Lucas shrugged as Leviro took the next item from the table.
It was a carved wooden box which he opened, a soft blue glow filling the room as he retrieved a small crystal from inside.
“Found beneath the fountain there will be a stone alter. You must place the crystal upon this alter, whilst reciting the spell exactly. This will open the portal between the worlds.”
“Sounds easy enough,” Lucas remarked, ignoring the dirty look Lizzie threw his way. 
“Precisely,” Leviro said, “Maybe a little too easy.”
He took the last item on the table; another scroll and opened it, the distinct crackle of magic escaping as he did so, and Lizzie leaned closer to see dark runes and pictures inscribed into the surface, the images crawling and moving like a caged beast and she felt sick.
“The spell is dark, one of the darkest I have ever seen and we are unable to tell what protections lies within in.”
“Protections, like the ones in the cave, gates of stones, into the fire kind of protection?” Lizzie exclaimed, remembering the suffocating feeling of the tasks whilst searching for the island.
Leviro nodded sadly.
“We should not have asked this of you. It is too great a risk…”
“We know but we’re not backing out,” Lucas interrupted him before he could finish, “The only thing left to decide is, who reads the spell.”

******
“Luke I’m not going to let you do it,” Lizzie argued as they walked back to their rooms. They had argued for ages about who should read the spell until Tae had interrupted, requesting Leviro’s presence in the council rooms.
He had bid them farewell, but the argument had continued all the way back to their rooms. 
“Look Lizzie, it’s my fault we’re even here in the first place. So if there’s any risk I’m doing it.”
“What do you mean your fault?” she snapped back.
“At the canal, all that time ago with Sam, if I’d done something instead of hiding none of this would have happened.” He shrugged. “Look I’ll speak to you later,” he finished, leaving her outside her room and walking off.
“Do you wish it hadn’t?” she suddenly asked, catching him off guard.
“What?” he said, stopping and turning back to her. 
“Do you wish none of it had happened; that we’d never come here; that we were never friends?” she finished softly.
“No,” he answered, moving back to stand close in front of her. “You saved my life that day and despite everything we’ve been through I wouldn’t change it for anything.”
Lizzie looked down a blush creeping over her face as they fell into silence.
“I never would have guessed that we’d be friends,” she answered, eventually looking back up at him to see him smile.
“So we’re friends now, are we,” he teased, nudging her gently with his arm.
“As long as you promise no more rescue attempts,” she laughed.
“Now that I can’t promise you,” he said seriously, taking her hand and squeezing it gently, “Because if you’re ever in trouble I’m coming back for you.”
“I know,” she smiled shoving him playfully, “My very own knight in shining armour.”
“Any time, Princess,” he teased, lowering his head in an exaggerated bow as she swiped at him again. “I’m joking,” he pleaded holding his hands up in defeat, “You’re not exactly a damsel in distress are you.”
“I’d beat you every time,” she laughed as he made his retreat along the corridor. 
“Yeah, yeah, any time girlie,” he teased, bowing again as he disappeared into his room.
Still laughing, she pushed the door to her room open and entered, the sound dying on her lips, a lump rising in her throat as she stopped sharply, staring at the items which now lay on her bed.
She moved closer as if in a dream, reaching out gingerly to touch the familiar fabric of her jeans; her hands closing around the softness of her faded t-shirt as she picked it up and held it to her face; her fingers running along the out of place badges on her school satchel as she sat down on the bed pulling it closer to her.
She never even realised she was crying until she noticed the fabric staining dark, the longing for home suddenly filling her, as she opened the bag cautiously, the memories rising up as she emptied the contents; her phone, her school id, her front door keys, a faded bus ticket stuck to the bottom. 
She closed her eyes suddenly fearful of the life she had left behind and what it would mean to return to it, the normality of things strange in this world of magic and she was once again torn between her feelings for both but as she sat for a while longer, the tears finally subsiding and washing away her sadness her hand slipped inside the front pocket of the bag, and she suddenly felt another emotion crawling over her.
Fear.
Her fingers closed tightly over the smooth round rune caught within the folds of the fabric, and she stood up clutching it in her hand, the memories it held causing her to pause and catch her breath.
She may be returning to her own world, but whatever happened there was something she had to do first.
There was a debt that needed to be repaid.

******
“I have one request,” Lizzie exclaimed, bursting into Leviro’s chamber and speaking before she noticed the room was crowded with people. “Lady Catalina, I’m sorry…” she blushed, bowing quickly as she realised all of the council members were present. 
“Please Lizzie, there is no need for apologies,” she replied softly, beckoning Lizzie further into the room. “Now come, tell us your request.”
Lizzie hesitated, suddenly unsure of herself. Did she have the right to ask this of them? She glanced over at Leviro who smiled warmly, and she stepped forward.
“There is a village southeast of here,” she began.
“Beauview, if I am correct,” Leviro stated.
Lizzie nodded.
“But that is just an outpost,” Elder Bastian interrupted before she could talk once more. “Nothing more than peasants and outcasts.”
“Well, if it wasn’t for those peasants,” Lizzie rounded on him, “We wouldn’t have made it through the first night in that forest.”
Elder Bastian huffed haughtily, turning to the rest of the council for support.
“And you wouldn’t be here,” she finished, ignoring his mutterings.
There was silence for a few moments and then the older lady spoke.
“So what is it you desire child?” the Elder Larise asked.
“I want someone to go to the village and bring anyone that wishes to, back to the castle. I want those that do, offered homes and protection…”
“This is ridiculous. We can not take in every stray we find,” Elder Bastian exclaimed loudly, “Who are you to presume to tell us…”
“It will be done,” Lady Catalina stated firmly, cutting Elder Bastian off in mid-sentence, her icy look silencing his protests. “We will send someone at once.”
“Thank you, My Lady,” Lizzie bowed, “The villagers will not welcome strangers, their fear so great but I will gladly accompany the…”
“That will not be possible Lizzie as you well know,” Leviro interrupted her. “You are still not fully healed and you must focus on your return home.”
“I knew you were going to say that,” Lizzie retorted sharply, softening slightly as she saw his concerned face. “I have prepared a letter to be taken,” she continued, taking a small envelope from her pocket. “It must be left in the centre of the village and then the messenger party must leave and return the next day at noon.”
“I will see that it is done,” Tae suddenly spoke, surprising her as he stepped forward and took the letter from her.
“Brother,” Lady Catalina began, but he turned to smile at her.
“I will be careful,” he assured. “It’s about time I got to leave this castle.”
“Here,” Lizzie said handing him Amellia’s rune. “Leave this with the letter. They will know it is from me.” 
Tae nodded smiling at her warmly as he turned to leave.
“And Tae,” she whispered, grabbing his arm softly to stop him, “Thanks.” 
“Any time,” he smiled. 
The Final Goodbye
It was almost a week since the messenger party left and still there was no sign of them returning. 
Lizzie had been worried as she had watched them depart, wishing that she could go with them but now as the days wore on her apprehension grew steadily, the feeling making her grow paler with fear as she thought about what tonight would be; a full moon.
The monsters would be hunting in the forests, and nothing would be safe.
She shivered involuntarily as she stepped out onto the battlements, the soft breeze brushing against her skin as she stared down at the entrance gates, willing them to appear. Where were they? She thought. 
What was taking them so long; they should have been back days ago.
“The feast will begin soon,” Leviro remarked, coming up behind her and making her jump.
“I know, I’m coming,” Lizzie responded, half turning to face him.
“What is wrong? You seem troubled.” 
“I thought they’d be back by now,” she breathed after some pause. “I should have gone with them.”
“In life we must make choices that we can not change,” Leviro said, taking her hand firmly in his. “With every decision we must accept the consequences. There is no right or wrong answer, only that which is in our hearts. Your heart told you to trust Tae; you must now believe in that faith.”
Lizzie shook her head closing her eyes as they stood in silence for a few moments and then Leviro squeezed her hand softly.
“Come now, you must change. They will be waiting for the guest of honour.”
“I’ll be down in a minute,” she promised as he left but as she turned back to the view her, eyes were drawn once more to the crimson sunset sinking into the horizon.
She should have gone with them she thought again, the tears threatening her eyes as she waited, lost once more in her worry until she felt movement behind her.
“I hope I am not interrupting?” a soft voice spoke, making her jump.  
“Tae?” she gasped, turning in surprise to see her friend, his hair and clothes dishevelled from his journey, a dark smear of blood staining his cheek.
“I was watching the gate,” she stuttered, “I didn’t…”
“There are many ways into this castle,” he interrupted. “Fortunately for me I have had many years to explore them,” he smiled, his tired eyes lighting up his face.
Lizzie smiled back as Tae moved forwards.
She felt a sudden tightening in her heart as unable to stop herself she stepped into his embrace, pressing herself close to his chest as his strong arms held her tight.
“I didn’t think you were going to make it back,” she said.
“Do you really think I would miss saying goodbye?”
They lingered a moment longer, the sound of his heart beating loudly in her ears and then self-consciously she pulled away, looking up into his face, suddenly reluctant that she’d let go.
“Come,” he smiled softly, “There is someone waiting to see you.”

******
The hall was brimming with people as they entered, the crowds parting to let them through. Lizzie caught sight of Lucas at the far end, his blue eyes shining from beneath his mane of blonde hair as he watched her approach, and she felt a sudden wave of guilt wash over her, her cheeks blushing pink as she felt Tae standing close beside her. But before she could dwell on it further she was scooped up in a huge hug, the familiar smell of Willa flower filling her nostrils.
“I told you we would meet again,” Amellia smiled, finally letting her go.
“I’m sorry about Marley,” Lizzie blurted out, a sudden sadness washing over her as she stared up at her friend. “We shouldn’t…”
“Hush now child,” Amellia interrupted. “You have given me more hope than I ever thought possible. More than any of us thought possible.”
Lizzie half smiled, a tear appearing at the corner of her eye.
“Now, none of that,” Amellia soothed, hugging her again, “This is a time of celebration, not sadness and I think I heard someone mention a feast.”
“That we did,” Leviro stated, stepping forward and taking charge, the roaring din starting up once more as the preparations continued with an extra buzz to the festivities.
The rest of the evening was a blur as the celebrations began, filling the castle with the sounds of singing, laughter and happiness, and as it continued late into the night, not one person noticed the hunched figure silently slipping away into the darkness.

******
Feeola didn’t like to lose, the sick gnawing feeling eating away at her inside every time she thought about the boy. 
He was the one. 
She knew it, had felt it immediately but still he had managed to slip away from her, had broken free of her spell and all because of that girl.
How she would make her pay.
“Mistress, my apologies,” a low voice growled interrupting her.
Feeola opened her eyes to see Tamal bowing before her, and she felt a sudden wave of annoyance at Malaeck for killing Ongrett. 
“What is it?” she snapped.
“A visitor, requesting an audience with you, My Queen.”
“A visitor?” she laughed, “Who would be so foolish as to request an audience from me?”
“I do not know My Queen. They merely said that they were an old friend, returning to bring good news.”
Feeola smirked nastily, getting to her feet and approaching the stone pool at the centre of her chamber.
“An old friend,” she hissed, whispering the incantations over the pool and a faint figure began to appear in the dark, oily water, its body shimmering with magic.
“Who would be so arrogant to assume an audience with myself?” she demanded of the cloaked figure that stood before her. “Speak now before I make you beg for your life.”
“It is I, Mistress,” the voice squeaked nervously, “I have returned.”
Feeola laughed the shock washing over her as she stared at the bowed figure before her. “It cannot be so?” she said. “It has been years.”
“The castle has been freed my Queen. Only now have I been able to return to you.”
“The Primrose Court has returned,” she remarked, “That can mean only one thing. The prophecy is true.”
She glared at the figure cowering before her, her anger rising as the information washed over her.
“And you dare to summon me?” she hissed, “Why should I not kill you right now?”
“I am but your faithful servant, My Queen and I bring great news,” the figure rushed.
“What news could you bring me that I would care about?” she demanded.
“They have found Silverwolf’s spell and the location of the fountain,” the voice exclaimed.
“The way through the borders,” Feeola demanded, her anger abating, a wry smile spreading across her face as she reached out and stroked the surface of the figures features. “It seems you do bring good news,” she crooned. “It is good to have you back. Now tell me everything.”
The figure shuddered even though they couldn’t really feel the touch and closed its eyes. “It is good to be home Mistress.”

******
Malaeck spat onto the dusty earth, the bitter taste of defeat poisoning the victory that should have been his.
Beauview had fallen.
After months of hunting, they had finally found their sanctuary, only to discover that it was empty.
Everyone had gone.
What was worse was that he knew somehow that it had something to do with the girl.  She had beaten him again.
He felt the anger rise, the power ebbing through his blood as he approached the entrance to the main hall. He could see a fire flickering through the doorway and knew that his Father was waiting for him.
He took a deep breath, stepping over the threshold; ready to accept the punishment he knew was coming and welcoming the release, the pain would bring him.
In the end, he would win.
He always did.

******
Lizzie couldn’t sleep, a million thoughts buzzing through her head, so instead of lying in bed tossing and turning she made her way out to her fountain, the water calming as she stared out into the dark night sky.
“What is troubling you, little one?” a voice asked, breaking her reverie.
She turned to see Cass had joined her.
“Nothing, I’m fine,” she answered a little too brightly.
“Really?” he exclaimed, coming to settle beside her. “I think you are forgetting that my heart tells me otherwise. Now come,” he said patting his paw, “Tell me what causes you such worry?”
Lizzie shrugged, climbing up to sit on his paw, her head resting against his huge chest.
“I’m just thinking about the spell and going home…” 
She paused unable to finish.
“Are you scared?” he whispered.
“Yes,” Lizzie answered honestly.
“Of what?”
“I’m scared of leaving everyone I care about and not being here to help protect them. I’m scared that even if we do find the dragons we won’t be able to return. I’m scared of losing the person I have become here… but most of all I’m terrified of never seeing you again.”
“That is a lot to be afraid of.”
“Tell me about it,” Lizzie remarked.
“But there is one thing you do not have to worry about. You will see me again; our hearts will find each other.”
Lizzie pressed herself against Cass’ chest the tears beginning to fall as she listened to the heavy beating of his heart. 
“Look after the others?” she breathed.
“That I promise,” Cass growled, “But only if you in return promise me one thing.”
“Anything,” she answered.
Cass leant lower his snout resting against Lizzie’s cheek as he whispered.
“Come back to me.” 

******
Lizzie felt strangely self-conscious looking down at her faded jeans and t-shirt.
It had been so long since she had worn them, and it now felt like another lifetime ago that she had fallen in the canal.
Was she really still that girl?
Was she still the quiet, shy, unsure girl who was always so afraid, always so quick to hide; to run.
She remembered standing in this very room the morning she had fought Tae.
She knew then she felt different; stronger somehow and now as she looked up and stared at herself in the mirror she knew it was true.
She reached up brushing a stray strand of hair from her face and then ran her fingers down to the necklace that hung at her neck. She stroked the cool metal feeling the magic flowing through its surface and then reluctantly unhooked the clasp, letting the silver angel drop softly into her palm. 
Lizzie shuddered remembering the only other time she had taken it off, hesitating about whether she should put it back on, but Leviro had warned her that it may interfere with the magic that would take them home, so she moved over to her bed and slipped it into the pocket of her satchel. Then without a second glance, she slung the bag across her shoulders, and left the room before she could change her mind again about leaving.

******
It was only a short flight to the Crystal Lake but as they landed she was still surprised to see Tae standing beside Leviro at the edge of the clear blue water. She had known Leviro would meet them here, but she had thought all her other goodbyes were said and as she looked down at her dark haired friend she felt a tug in her chest as she remembered Tae’s strong arms holding her tight and wasn’t sure how she felt about him being there. He smiled as he helped her down and was shocked to see him shake hands firmly with Lucas as he joined them.
“Thank you both so much,” he exclaimed, “My people owe you a great debt that I hope one day I can repay.”
Lucas bowed graciously as Lizzie stepped forward and hugged Tae fiercely and then with a sad smile he withdrew leaving them alone with Leviro.
“Now you are sure you are ready?” he said seriously.
“As ready as we’ll ever be,” Lizzie answered smiling.
“It had been a pleasure,” Leviro stated, hugging them both in turn, a small tear appearing at the edge of his eyes. “And I am sure we will meet again.”
“Too right,” Lucas added playfully, “You can’t get rid of us that easily.”
Leviro laughed the sound clear and welcoming in the morning silence.  
Lucas turned moving once more to stand in front of Cass and bowed low.
“It has been an honour, Silvertail,” he exclaimed.
“The honour was all mine,” Cass growled. “Now remember what you promised me,” he added, turning to Lizzie.
“I promise,” she answered, moving forward and throwing her arms tightly round his neck, the tears beginning to fall as she planted a small kiss on his cheek.
She held on for as long as she could and then she felt Lucas touch her arm.
“You ready?” Lucas asked, and she stepped reluctantly backwards unable to look up.
“Yeah,” she whispered taking his hand and without looking back they stepped into the crystal clear water.

******
Cass watched in silence, his heart breaking on the inside but he knew he needed to be strong. He was not worried about her leaving; he had felt her destiny and knew she would come back to him, but he could also feel the pain and fear that would come with it.
A part of him wished that she could stay in her home world, free of the journey she would soon have to take, but he knew it was a hopeless dream.
She would return, and she would betray him.
“Do you think she will return?” Tae asked, interrupting Cass’ thoughts as they watched them disappear into the cave, the water washing away any signs of their passing, and he felt another stab of grief as he listened to the answer.
“Would you have given her the Princess’ necklace otherwise?” Leviro said.
“So I was right,” he asked in disbelief, turning to face his mentor and seeing a wide smile appear on the old man’s features. “When did you know?”
 “The very first time I saw her,” Leviro answered staring up to meet Cass’ knowing gaze. “She is the image of her Father.”

******
Nestled in the darkness by the edge of the water, Feeola watched the two men with interest. Once she had dealt with the children, she would enjoy making them pay, especially the dark haired one. She grinned to herself at the thought and slipped un-noticed into the dark rippling water, her body releasing the magic as her true form finally found its way home. 
The Way Home
“Have I ever told you how much I hate water,” Lizzie whispered into the darkness.   “Only about a hundred times,” the reply came from just ahead of her, but even though she couldn’t see his face she could tell Lucas was smiling as she felt his arm creep backwards, protectively taking her hand beneath the water.
It was funny, she thought, that just months ago she wouldn’t have even dared to talk to a boy, let alone this boy, scared even of his voice but now she couldn’t think of ever being without him. 
They’d spent nearly every day together since they arrived, and although it was hard in the beginning, they had grown together, instantly knowing what the other was thinking, responding to each others movements without realising.
It had all become so natural. 
Just like knowing Lucas was smiling, without being able to see his face. How he knew to hold her hand when it was exactly what she needed. She wondered if he was able to tell if she was smiling in the dark also. She bet he did. And although she was glad to be going home she still couldn’t help feeling slightly sad that it was all going to be over. 
If in fact, they could get home. 
They were still not sure if the spell would work. 
A sudden movement under the water startled her back to reality as something touched her leg. 
She hadn’t realised whilst she was daydreaming that the tunnel they were in had grown deeper and deeper. 
“Something just brushed my leg,” she choked.
She felt Lucas stop, turning to her in the darkness as her eyes adjusted she could just make out his shadow.
“What?” he said.
“Something brushed my leg.”
“It was probably just a fish.” 
“I don’t think I can do this,” her panicking voice said, creeping into the tunnel.
“It’ll be alright,” Lucas said, fumbling for something in his bag. 
She felt him come closer to her in the water and then grabbed her with his free hand.
“Here,” he said, wrapping a rope tightly around her waist, “Now if you start to panic, just pull on the rope and I’ll be there. Okay?” he said, giving her hand a quick soothing squeeze. “Come on, we must be nearly there.”
As they continued down the passage, it grew lighter and lighter around them, and they could now make out green phosphorus mushrooms growing along the bottoms of the tunnels, giving off the strange glow around them and showing hundreds of little passageways leading off, of the main tunnel. Lizzie could now clearly see Lucas’ head bobbing above the water as the passage became so deep they were forced to swim. It was quite hard, but they struggled on, feeling their way until Lucas stopped and ducked down below the water. 
He popped back up moments later, breathing heavily from the cold water.
“Okay, this is where we have to swim,” he said. “Leviro said it was only a short distance to the cave, so we should be fine.”
“Should be?” Lizzie stuttered.
“Will be,” Lucas butted in. “Just pull on the rope. I won’t leave you,” he smiled. “Okay, after three.  One… Two… Three…”
Lucas held his breath and ducked back under the water.
“Here goes nothing.”
 She took a deep breath and dived under the water. 
Although she had been in the water some time, the freezing, icy cold sucked all the air from her body, crushing the breath from her lungs as she submerged below the surface. She opened her eyes in panic and could see Lucas at the entrance of a large passageway in front. He motioned to her and then swam inside. Left without much choice Lizzie followed after and was once again thrown into darkness. She swam and swam and just as she started to think she wasn’t going to make it she felt a sharp tug on the rope and was pulled clear out of the water, her head once again breaking the surface. 
She breathed deeply; her lungs on fire but the relief was so great she ignored the feeling and turned to look around the cave they had surfaced in.
It wasn’t very big, but the cavern stretched high up into blackness, covered everywhere with the little green mushrooms and moss. A small stretch of land lay to one side barren except for a solitary rock that stood proudly at the centre, a trickle of water creeping through the stone behind it.
“I guess that’s where we need to go,” Lucas said, pointing towards the land and the pair started swimming towards it. “Not much of a waterfall though.”
They reached it quickly despite the aching in their muscles and Lucas easily, pulled himself up the rocks, onto the island above.
“Something brushed my leg again,” Lizzie squealed, freezing in the water.
“Stop being silly and get out here. It’s probably just a fish or a sea monster,” Lucas joked, laughing as he leant forward to help her.
But his laughter was cut short as he caught sight of a large dark shape, swiftly swimming just beneath the waters surface, towards them.  
“Lizzie, get out of the water,” Lucas said seriously, reaching for her but Lizzie couldn’t move, as she floated, staring hypnotised at the shadow in the water.
“Lizzie,” Lucas shouted, grabbing her arm and breaking her panic. 
She jerked, scrambling towards the rocks, as with every second the shadow drew closer and closer. 
It was almost to them. 
She heaved herself up onto the rocks, the relief on Lucas’ face disappearing as her foot slipped, sending her tumbling backwards, a scream issuing from her throat, but just before she hit the water she felt Lucas grab her shirt. Clutching onto her for dear life, he began to pull her back away from the waters edge as she clung to him, her heart beating so loudly she thought it would burst from her chest. She was going to make it.
“What was that?” she asked.
“I don’t know, but I don’t want to stick around to see if it can come out onto land,” he said standing up.
Lizzie shakily stood up. “Thanks, that was too close… Ahhhhhhh,” she screamed as a tentacle suddenly shot from the water and wrapped itself around her waist, pulling her back towards the surface.
Lucas dived towards her, grabbing her in a tight grip, but he wasn’t strong enough to hold her as the monster pulled her ever closer to the water. 
Without thinking, he pulled his sword, hacking at the tentacle; catching it full across the middle and forcing it to let go of Lizzie, slightly retracting as an inhuman screech filled the cavern. Lizzie and Lucas scrambled, as best they could, to reach the safety of the ledge as a dark head broke the surface behind them. 
A small gasp caught in Lizzie’s throat as she saw it, for although it was not entirely human, there was no mistaking who it was.
“Feeola,” she whispered, as the face broke into a large mocking grin that revealed hundreds of rows of teeth, lining the huge mouth.   
“You thought you could get away from me!” she laughed. “No one gets away from me.”
As quick as lighting three more tentacles flew from the water grabbing Lizzie.
Lucas once again caught one with his sword, thick green blood gushing from the end and soaking the stones, making them slippery under their feet. Still the others held on to Lizzie’s bag pulling her backwards towards those hundreds of teeth as Lizzie struggled and struggled, caught within a tug-of-war battle, the breath being crushed from her body. She could feel herself blacking out, the world around her becoming hazy until the iciness of the water brought her screaming back to life again, just in time to see Lucas stamping down hard, with all his might, burrowing his foot deep into the sea witch’s face. 
She felt the tentacles relax, as the unconscious Feeola began to sink under the water, but she still couldn’t get back onto the rocks as the weight pulled her forever downwards. Then with a sudden wave of relief she felt her bag rip, cascading all her things into the water, and she found herself face down on the ground, her breathing coming hard and her body aching.
“You alright?” Lucas gasped beside her, and she looked up to see a large bleeding cut across the side of his face.
“Yeah,” Lizzie managed, sitting up.
“Good,” he said handing her the crystal and then standing up and walking to the edge of the ledge. “Say the spell,” and without a second look he dived back into the water.
“Lucas,” Lizzie screamed, running to the ledge but it was no use, he’d vanished from sight into the depths of the icy blue water.
She paced the edge of the water for a few seconds, all thought of the crystal forgotten and willed Lucas to come back up. What on earth was he playing at? What could have been so important? They could have escaped. 
But as she stood waiting, the realisation that he might not come back crept over her and unable to bare it she climbed back to the waters edge. 
She looked once more at the crystal and then stuffed it into her jeans pocket.
Then with a resounding “Oh my God” she plunged once again into the freezing water.
She swam further and further down, guided by the rope, that was still attached to her, until she suddenly felt a sharp pull on it and turning she could see Lucas swimming towards her smiling. She started once again to make her way back to the surface, when she felt another tug. She turned to see a puzzled look spreading across Lucas’ face and then watched as a dark shadow fell across it, his look being replaced by one of fear. 
But Lizzie wasn’t quick enough and with a swift movement Feeola had gripped the rope and with a smile began to pull them further beneath the water.
Why on earth had Lucas, got back in the water, she thought looking over at him, as he pulled his sword once again, but the witch was ready for him this time, wrenching it from his hands and snapping it like kindling.
Lizzie reached down for her own sword, only to find that it too had been ripped away with her bag. 
How many more precious things was she going to have to lose?  
She swam closer to Lucas, pulling at his rope, but it was too tightly tied and Feeola, seeing what she was doing swam closer too them, smiling as Lizzie heard a voice inside her head.
“You have only one thing left and he’s mine.”
She laughed, throwing Lizzie backwards so hard that the rope snapped, spinning away from them until she felt herself crumple against the hard rocks. 
Her body aching she watched as Feeola swam away; Lucas almost unconscious, dragging behind her like a wounded animal as the realisation dawned on her. 
Lucas, he was the only precious thing she had to lose, and she wasn’t going to let that happen. 
She pushed herself up, desperately wanting to inhale, when her hand brushed against something sharp, and she turned to find her sword glowing in the eerie green light, buried amidst the slimy moss, beneath her feet. With a renewed burst of energy, she pulled on it releasing it from its scabbard, revelling in the satisfaction of how comfortable it felt in her hands. 
Right she thought, you asked for it and she started swimming as fast as she could after them. 
They were almost to the entrance of the tunnel when Lizzie reached them and before they noticed her she swung with all her might, completely severing the tentacle that was holding Lucas. 
The Sea Witch screamed turning on them with rage. 
But Lizzie was ready for her now, and as she held up Lucas, she knew that there was no chance of fleeing. 
It was fight or die time, and Lizzie had no intentions of dying. 
The Witch lunged for them, but this time Lizzie was prepared and like lighting she parried every move, not allowing the Witch to get closer to them, but with every second Lucas’ body was getting heavier and heavier, and even though they had only been under the water for seconds, it felt like hours.
If they didn’t get any air soon, it would all make no difference; both of them would drown. 
Feeola sensing her thoughts again grinned, and the slight distraction was enough to make Lizzie mis-judge her parry. The Witch caught Lucas sharply round the wrist, causing him to open his eyes as the burning seared through his body, a silent scream forming on his lips. He looked at Lizzie, pulling her hands from his waist, his eyes pleading her to leave him. To save herself. But she couldn’t. They were in this together. 
She darted forwards, the unexpected attack, throwing the Witch off balance, her grip loosening on Lucas’ wrist as he once again renewed his attempts to get free. The Witch now completely off guard pulled backwards as Lizzie in a frenzy of slashing, attacked her with all her force. Her anger, her fear her pain, all of it rained down on Feeola, and nothing was stopping her now. Her heart racing she attacked one last time and smashed her sword, with all her force straight into the Sea Witch’s chest and then without looking she turned swimming once again to the surface, Lucas close beside her. Their heads broke the surface together, both gasping for air as their lungs burned. 
It had felt like they had been down there for hours, not minutes. 
There was no sign of the Sea Witch, the water around them becoming increasingly rough. The calm, placid lake had become a torrent of waves, crashing into their faces and battering their already exhausted bodies. 
They tried to swim towards the island but could get nowhere, the water beginning to swirl around them, making any progress impossible. 
Lizzie reached down searching for the crystal in her pocket, but it was gone. 
There was no escape.
Lucas clasped Lizzie’s hands in the water as they were swept away, spinning around and around and around within the water. They reached for each other, looking into each other’s eyes for reassurance as the water swept once again over their heads. Too tired to fight any longer, they wrapped their arms tightly around each other as they were swept away on a tidal wave of water, spinning away inside a whirlpool of crystal blue.
The Lost Princess
It was now almost a week since the accident and the day had finally arrived that Lizzie had been dreading. She was going back to school. 
It had all been so easy to forget, snuggled safe and sound, buried beneath the covers that blocked out the world but now she was going to have to face them. Face all of them. 
She had seen the papers. Headlines blazed across the front; local hero saves girl in canal; photos of Lucas staring out at her. She had looked at that face a million times over the past few days, had woken up dreaming about it, his name on her lips.
But where had he been? He still hadn’t come to see her. Maybe…
Maybe, but she couldn’t bring herself to even think it because no matter how safe she had felt, no matter the stories she read, her safe, cosy blanket couldn’t block out the doubts that she had inside, the fear that swallowed her in the middle of the night; the screams that died on her lips as she awoke. 
She looked into the mirror, seeing her reflection staring back at her. What did it matter? To everyone else she was just the geeky new girl who couldn’t swim. She stared at the face staring back at her. This was just another piece of ammunition for them, and they would make her pay. Of that she was sure!

*****
Her footsteps echoed as she walked slowly across the bridge, mirroring her actions of that fateful day. How far away that felt now, how different she was. She raised her face again, only this time instead of sunshine she was greeted by a dull grey sky, heavy with clouds and an icy gust that made her pull her scarf tighter around her neck. 
After the cramped stifling confines of her room, it felt surprisingly refreshing, and she paused at the bottom of the bridge holding on to the moment for as long as she could. 
It was only a week she thought. How much can change in a week? How much can one person change in a week?
She breathed deeply and pulled her hat down further over her ears as she continued to walk, but somewhere in the pit of her stomach a dread was creeping up on her. 
Had she changed? 
She thought she had but still that feeling kept growing, stronger and stronger with every single footstep. 
Her feet faltered as she approached the bridge, the gloom swallowing the tunnel beneath it, sucking it into the shadows, dragging her with it, as the feeling of dread crashed over her. She forced herself forward, making her body carry her into the darkness. Her breathing was shallow and her feet felt like lead. 
What was happening to her? Only moments ago she had felt great but now, now she could hardly breathe. 
And then she heard them!
Piercing the darkness it came at her from all directions. The high shrieking squeals: the cursing, the laughter, always the laughter. They were there. They were waiting for her.
 Lizzie felt her knees go weak, her breath catching in her throat and she groped, half stumbled to the wall for support. She leant against the hard brick her heart pounding so loudly that she thought it was going to burst from her chest. 
They were there!
Slowly she slid down the wall, half squatting, half collapsing and bent her head down to rest on her knees.
She felt sick. She couldn’t do this. What was wrong with her? Her Mum would understand if she went home. Just one more day and then she would go back tomorrow. 
A loud shriek came once again to her ears, and Lizzie flinched. She couldn’t do it!
Slowly she pulled herself to her feet, using the handrails to balance herself against the cast on her left arm, and she was almost up when something caught her eye. 
It was only the briefest glimmer and when she turned it had gone. 
She straightened herself up looking deep into the canal and there it was again, just below the waterline, a slight flicker of light dancing amidst the darkness. And then it was gone, and Lizzie found herself looking into the clear blue water at her reflection. 
Only it wasn’t her reflection. The girl staring back at her was smiling brightly, her hair billowing in the wind, her eyes alight, glistening with strength within. 
The girl in the image was alive! 
And then she was gone flickering with the lap of the water and all that was left was Lizzie’s own reflection staring out at her from the murky green water.
She stood, her hand turning white as she gripped the handrail and just stared, frozen unable to turn away from her own reflection. 
Then a voice broke the silence.
“I told you she wouldn’t have the nerve to come back,” it hissed and was followed by a chorus of giggles.
Lizzie looked towards the voices echoing down the dark tunnel and then back at the water. 
The girl in the water smiled! 
Lizzie smiled and for the first time in her life she wasn’t afraid.
She could feel her strength burning deep inside her, like a beacon against her fears.  
She straightened up and took a deep breath. She could do this.
The dread had completely left her now, as she started to walk through the darkness, but there was something else there, buried in the pit of her stomach. Something she couldn’t quite put her finger on, something strange but she ignored it. 
They would not win.
The gloomy daylight filled her eyes as she exited the tunnel on the other side, blinding her momentarily but then she saw them, the group of kids that had made her life hell, but no more, now she was ready for them. 
The pathway was clear apart from them, and they were all there. All waiting for her!
She continued walking her head held high as the insults began. 
Just keep walking she thought, don’t let them get to you, you can do this. 
“Look who decided to show,” Sam sneered, “Didn’t think you’d have the nerve.”
Lizzie kept her eyes straight ahead, her feet purposefully pounding the concrete below. Just keep walking she repeated over and over again in her head. 
You’re better than they are.
“What’s the matter, too good to talk to us or did all the water make you stupid?” Charlie shouted, throwing an empty drink bottle at her.
Lizzie didn’t even flinch. She was almost past them.
“Hey Lucas, aren’t you gonna say hello to your new girlfriend?” Charlie laughed and was joined by a chorus of laughter.
At the sound of his name, Lizzie turned, unable to help herself, and there he was leaning nonchalantly against the wall, his eyes turned away from her.
“Yeah funny,” he said quietly
Lizzie’s legs faltered, her breath knocked from her body. 
He had ignored her. 
And suddenly Lizzie realised what the feeling was in the pit of her stomach. It was fear. But not fear of the group, she could cope with them. It was the fear of losing Lucas.
He had been her best friend; they had been through so much together and now he was looking at her like a stranger, like he didn’t even know her.
“Ah Lucas, she thought you loved her. She’s gonna cry,” Sam smirked.
Lizzie shuddered. She was going to cry, she felt numb, a constricting tightness growing in her chest as she turned and walked away.
He acted like he didn’t even know me she thought. What if he doesn’t know me? What if it wasn’t real? I was only in the water six minutes…
And there it was. Filling her with dread, the thoughts she had tried so hard to block out all week. 
She had only been in the water for six minutes. Not days, not months but six minutes. 
It wasn’t possible. 
What if none of it had happened; what if she really had been unconscious in the hospital the whole time. 
Was she really just plain old Lizzie Somers, the new girl who couldn’t swim!
Lucas had been her hope, her one link. She hadn’t just been scared of losing him; she had been scared of losing the one other person that could tell her she wasn’t going mad. 
And he’d just ignored her. 
Crushed her in that single moment!
She didn’t know what to do or how to feel any more as she ambled blindly along the canal, listening to them taunting her as they followed.
“Pore little baby Lizzie, can’t even swim. Maybe we should give her another lesson.”
“Maybe your Dad should have had some lessons as well,” sneered Sam, “Maybe then he wouldn’t be dead.”
Lizzie froze. The pain and anger hitting her like a landslide, something switching inside. How dare they she thought. She was better than this. What was she doing running away? She didn’t care if all of it was all a dream, how she felt inside was real and for the first time she wasn’t going to just take it; she wasn’t going to let them make her feel worthless. 
They could bully her or hurt her, but she wouldn’t be scared of them any longer.
 “What did you say?” she whispered, turning to face them.
Sam laughed.
“Don’t make me laugh, little girl. You really think you’re gonna talk back to me,” she threatened stepping forward. “Maybe we should teach…”
Sam’s shocked face froze; her words cut short by the sickening crunch as Lizzie’s fist hit its target and Sam was knocked to the ground.
“You can try,” Lizzie hissed, smiling as she watched the rest of the gang draw in closer to help Sam to her feet and then someone stepped in front of her blocking her view.
“Why don’t you just leave her alone,” Lucas remarked, his voice unsteady.
“What?” Sam retorted icily.
“I don’t need your help Luke,” Lizzie spat, stepping past him and seeing the look of shock spread across his face as he turned to her.
“You called me Luke?” 
“And…” 
She turned back Sam.
“Stay away from me,” she hissed.
“What you reckon you can take all six of us?” Tia Laughed.
“Let’s find out?”
“Lizzie don’t; they’re not worth it,” Lucas said, resting his hand on her arm. 
“Lucas Man, what the hell are you doing?” Charlie asked.
“What I should have done a long time ago” he replied.
He looked back at Lizzie as she pulled her arm away, the anger growing in her chest as she walked away. She wouldn’t let him trick her again.
“Lizzie, wait,” he called after her.
“For what?” she yelled, turning and watching as Lucas walked nervously towards her. “For you to lie to me; for you to trick me…”
“I’m sorry…,” he stammered interrupting her, “I’m sorry I missed you at the hospital, I wanted to visit but…”
“It’s fine,” Lizzie said coldly. “I just didn’t get a chance to thank you that’s all. You know for saving me and everything…”
Her voice faltered, and she breathed deeply, looking away from him, her anger gone.
“That’s okay,” he answered smiling and she felt him gently take her hand. “Not that I’m keeping score or anything, but I figured we were even now,” he said, pressing something into her palm and closing her fingers over it.
She looked down at her closed fist and could feel Lucas’ hand shaking as he took his away. She opened her hand, her breath catching in her throat.
There glistening on her palm was the necklace Tae had given her.
It had all been real!
“It was only six minutes,” she whispered as Lucas shook his head.
“You called me Luke,” he repeated. 
Lizzie felt like her heart was about to burst, her mind swimming with a hundred questions she wanted to ask him. She tore her eyes from the necklace to look straight up into Lucas’ eyes, his face a mirror image of her own, showing the relief and doubts clearly in his deep blue eyes.
“This is what you got back in the water for?” she said smiling 
“Some things are too important to risk losing,” he said returning her smiling.
 Unable to speak Lizzie stared at him, a warm flush rushing through her body as he took her bag off her and swung it over his shoulder.
“Okay, so we both know I’m no knight in shining armour or anything, but I think I can manage this,” he smiled again.
Lizzie stood rooted to the spot unable to move as she heard movement behind her. 
They both turned as Sam and her gang approached.
“You’re dead. Both of you” she hissed.
“Strangely that’s not the worse threat I’ve had this week,” he sneered, turning away from them and taking Lizzie’s hand. “Come on,” he said pulling her along.
“Both of you are dead,” Sam yelled again to their retreating backs but they couldn’t stop smiling, lost in the happiness of being with each other again until  just as they reached the steps something in the water caught her eye.
“Did you see that?” she asked Lucas, pointing to the water, a sudden panic filling her.
“See what?” he asked, staring into the clear water. “It must have just been a shadow.”
“Yeah,” Lizzie said unsure, “A shadow.”
And laughing and talking, the two friends started climbing the steps, unaware of the dark shape that glided swiftly under the bridge and vanished, a faint cold laughter echoing on the wind.



The End


































Acknowledgements

It has taken me almost ten years to write this book, and the journey has been a long, hard struggle. I couldn't have done it without the support of my family and friends and I thank every single one of you from the very bottom of my heart.

I do need to make a few extra special mentions.

Firstly a huge thank you to my own personal Guardian, Carly Chapman. Not only has she provided me with the most beautiful cover illustration (even when I complained) she has been my friend throughout, and has supported me every step of the way. Without your enthusiasm and encouragement I never would have been brave enough to share my writing with anyone else, and I know that even when we're old and grey we will still be sharing a laugh and a piece of cake of course.

I also wanted to say a big thank you to all of the Wattpad community. When I first posted my story on the site I was terrified of what people would say because up until this point only three people had read my writing. But their warmth and acceptance was astounding, and I was thrilled by all the positive support and advice I received. They helped me shape my story into one I hope people will love and made me realize that the writing community is a great place to be a part of. 

Lastly, and most importantly this book couldn't have been written without the help and support of my beautiful children Chelsea Mae and Oliver. They have been my inspiration throughout and have put up with my endless ramblings of characters and plots for as long as it has taken me to write it. Thank you for your patience, your brutally honest opinions and for making me smile when I needed it most. I love you both.























Keep reading for a sneak peak of Book Two
“Shards of Fire”
PROLOGUE
Darkness surrounded him.
Inky tendrils of black, clinging to his memories and consuming him from within, their tortured weight binding him in place as he fought to break free.
The time when he could tell the difference between waking and dreaming were long since passed, his pathway now travelled through and endless twilight of pain and hatred.
But there were times when he was vulnerable, when the darkness was too much, and the fear crept over him. 
These were the times they would come for him.
His breath caught, a sharp gasp escaping from his lips, his body fighting the tangle of sheets wrapped around his body, and finally he was free. 
Burning heat coursed through his body as he looked around, his bare chest heaving, the soaked covers falling to the floor; his eyes searching for the source of his fear.
There was no one; the room silent and empty.
But he would not be fooled. 
There was something there, lurking in the shadows waiting for him to let his guard down, its ominous presence eating away at him until he could take no more. 
The stone floor was a welcome reality as he stepped from the bed, striding across the room and closing the distance to the balcony in a few steps. Then without hesitating he stepped out through the open doors into the stifling heat.
The warm air did nothing to cool his burning skin but the faint light in the sky was a welcoming sight.
It would be dawn soon.
His knees buckled as the adrenalin passed, his heart gradually slowing and he caught himself on the rough stone balcony, his head falling to his hands.
The solid surface beneath him was steadying, his composure returning as his hand slipped down to the thin piece of red ribbon tied at his waist. The familiar calm flooded through him, cooling the burning in his veins and chasing away the darkness that had possessed him. 
He could breathe once more.
The sky above caught his gaze as he stood; the first rays of light appearing in the East and staining the horizon pink. It spread before his eyes, the vista below slowly materializing and revealing the devastation all around him; the land ravished and dead. 
A sudden ache speared through his chest, a feeling he had not felt in a long time and he shut his eyes turning away. 
It would do no good to mourn. 
This was how it was. It was the life he was given. It was the life he deserved. 
No sympathy, no forgiveness, no redemption. 
He did not deserve them. 
He did not want them.
The long heavy curtains fell in waves as he turned from the sunrise and pulled them wide open, stepping back into his sleeping chamber, all fear now subsided.
His strength returned with the fading shadows, his belief growing inside him as his eyes were drawn to the glimmer of light shining across the silver letters of an ancient book.
Swiftly he stepped towards it and pulled it closer, his attention drawn to a smooth sheet of parchment tucked into the corner. Pulling it free of the books grip, he let his eyes scan the words written upon the scroll he had been reading the previous night.
A long sigh of acceptance escaped his lips, the heavy burden of the words sinking to the pit of his stomach.
He had read all the books, all the scrolls, spent hours tirelessly pouring over ancient texts, a burning desire in him desperate to find an alternative, but he knew it was no use. 
He knew what was coming and worse he knew the part he would be forced to play.
The weight of it hung heavy on his soul, but no matter how much he wished for it to be different, it could not be.
It was his destiny.
Slowly he traced the intricate script that would seal his fate, his fingers stopping as he reached the last two lines, the words searing into his heart.
Fire will rage throughout the land 
And the blood of the innocent will drown us all.


Shards of Fire
Book 2 of 
The Elemental War’s Trilogy
Coming Summer 2015



The war has begun.
In an ancient battle between good and evil, the sides have been chosen as a deadly heartbeat echoes through the land.
Malaech now leads his army in a brutal quest to burn the world of Kaimeara to ash as his fire rages throughout the land but when an old magic returns to aid him he is left with a decision that could change his life forever.
Transported back through the water Lizzie and Lucas are reunited once again with their friends as they embark upon a perilous race in search of the lost book o Gelhara and the answers to winning the fight.
But in a war of The Elements only one truth can be answered.
Who will survive and who will fall.





