Forbidden Love: Fate
(Zac & Ivy Trilogy Book 1)
Wanitta Praks


Copyright © 2015 by Wanitta Praks
All Rights Reserved


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book was self-published by the author Wanitta Praks. No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without agreement and written permission of the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.


The author can be reached at
www.wanittapraks.com



Forbidden Love: Fate
Zac & Ivy Trilogy Book 1




WANITTA PRAKS
Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Epilogue
More books by Wanitta Praks
Recommended books by Alexia Praks
From Author




PROLOGUE

IVY

Nightmare

I have nightmares, specifically a recurring one, almost every night. These nightmares aren’t of boogiemen in the closet or monsters under the bed. These dreams are of death, my parents and brother dying in a car crash right in front of eyes. 
I wake in the middle of the night, tears staining my cheeks and my heart thumping in my chest, just like tonight. 
How I wish it would just go away. I want to forget it, to start fresh, but it will not let me go. Because these dreams are actual memories, memories that have morphed into never-ending nightmares. 
When I close my eyes, I’m at that scene again. Bright headlights blinding my vision, the stillness of the air after, the pelting rain, and finally, blood. Everywhere. 
I lie back and huddle underneath the blanket, closing my eyes, trying to block out the painful skittering images of my lifeless parents and brother, me standing over their caskets. Grandma crying until she fainted. 
Some time later, I fall asleep to the song of the wind playing with the leaves rustling against the window, the soft melody drawing me back to slumber. The last remaining image that filters through my mind is the menacing face of the man responsible for killing my parents, the reckless drunk—his fierce, ugly weed-green, bloodshot eyes boring straight into mine, his smile leering—before he walked away, free.

CHAPTER ONE

ZAC

When Romeo meets Juliet

“Apollo! Apollo! Apollo!”
The crowd goes wild when I appear onstage. I tap my chest with my fist, my usual sign, asking, Ready to rock the house, guys? The sound of the screaming girls would drown out any attempt at actual speech. Our first performance at this jam, back in junior high, we yelled like hell at each other over the turbulent crowd. By the time the show ended, I had a sore throat for a whole month. So now we just stick to hand signals and head gestures. 
Apollo is our amateur rock band, performing at various high school festivals, made up of a bunch of teenage guys. Trey’s our drum man, Loki, our bass guitarist, and me, Zac Elliot, the lead singer and guitar guy. I’ve been singing pretty much since I was out of diapers. 
When my band mates see my signal, they nod. After Trey slams on the drums a few times, we go into full music mode, my guitar riffing through the speakers. 
It’s time like this I love most, performing in front of a live audience with our high school mates as fans. It’s in my heart and soul to play and sing. 
Tonight, we’re playing in the Forsyth Barr Stadium. In exactly two days, high school will officially start. The city of Dunedin, situated on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand, usually holds these concerts for their students as a way to bribe them to study hard for the rest of the year.
As Trey beats on the drums and Loki on his bass guitar, I sing in tune to the rhythm and move my body along while playing Elsa, my guitar. 
You probably think I’m a pretty weird guy, naming my guitar, but she’s my one and only. I wouldn’t part with her for anything. She’s the one that made me realize I love to sing and play seriously. 
She was a present from Dad. Even though right now he doesn’t live with me, since his job requires him to travel to almost every continent, I love him dearly. For my twelfth birthday, after he and Mum divorced, he gifted Elsa to help me overcome my grief. That’s how she and I became best friends. In times of loneliness, when I need someone most, she’s there for me. No girl could measure up to her. We create beautiful music together. 
At this point, I’m seriously overtaken by the music as I play Elsa. As I reach the main chorus, the crowd grows crazy and starts jumping up and down, performing their spectacular Mexican wave, and singing along with me. 
When our song is finished, we salute the crowd and I shout through the mic, “See ya later tonight.” Then we disappear offstage to the sound of more shouting and screaming from fan girls. 
Backstage, I disengage myself from Elsa and, fully sure she’s safe in her case, I don my secret outfit I prepared earlier. 
Kai slams into me from behind. “Hey, Bro.” 
He slaps me again when I don’t respond. 
“Yooo,” I let out.
Kai is my best bud since kindergarten. He would’ve been in the band too, but sadly he hasn’t a musical bone in his body, so most of the time he just hangs around backstage and basically acts like my stage manager.
“Don’t tell me you’re going in that,” he queries once I’m fully dressed in my midnight Phantom of the Opera mask and black attire. “You do know the school requires you to make another appearance before the night is over?”
“I’m aware of that, Kai, but for now, it’s time to have some fun.” I smirk, whipping him with a towel. 
He dodges just in time. 
Damn that bastard. He moves like a ninja sometimes. 
“Why are you wearing the mask?” he asks.
“You know what’ll happen if they know I’m the lead singer of Apollo? Smack, I tell ya,” I tell him with a slam on his shoulder. “This way Zac Elliot gets to enjoy being in the school festival without getting his face squashed like a pancake.”
“Zac, if I…” Kai starts to hyperventilate.
Oh shit! I think I just pushed his hysterical mode button. 
“Hush. Hush, Kai.” I calm him down.
When Kai’s stressed, he goes into this manic mode and, as always, it’s my duty as his best friend to calm him. And you want to guess why he goes into these hysterics? It’s because he’s freaked out. Kai likes to think I’m his idol or something. He follows all of my footsteps and copies all of my moves. 
Once he manages to resemble a human being again, I go to my duffel bag and take out an extra mask and costume that I hid earlier, just for this sake. Turning back to him, I say, “Here, wear this. I’m sure you’ll get the girls too.”
He looks at the mask and costume, then stares at me like I’ve gone senile.
“You expect me to wear a clown mask and costume while you’re the mysterious Phantom of the Opera?” 
“Umm… yeah.” I nod. Not that I want to outshine him or anything, but those are the only costumes I own. It’s either me being the phantom or me as the clown. You can guess which I choose, right?
“Shit face!” he spits at me. 
I turn to stare at him, surprised he’s initiated this verbal competition here of all places. I lift my eyebrows again, seeing his ebony bird’s nest hair, and hurl one back at him. “Afro.” 
He goes red in the face. 
I grin.
He gives me the eyebrow challenge.
I know it’s dead serious now.
“Mr. D-minus,” he throws back at me, referring to last year’s algebra test when I received a D-minus. Dad got so pissed off that he grounded me for a whole month. He even threatened me, saying if I didn’t improve my grades this year, he’d take away Elsa. I can’t have that. 
“Mr. F.” I refer to his history mark. 
“Greek god,” he banters back.
“Mandela,” I retort. 
Then we both burst out laughing. 
If only Kai were related to Mandela, I wouldn’t question him one bit. He is like the famous Nelson Mandela in so many ways. I’m afraid I’m turning into a Samaritan too. By habit, everywhere I go, I always carry spare change in my pockets just in case there’s some charitable society around the street corner, requiring donations.
After moments of laughter, we settle down. 
Trey and Loki appear.
“Those are some sick costumes you’ve got going there,” Loki says, holding up his Polaroid camera. He’s like me and Elsa with his camera. We both have bonds with our equipment. “Now say cheese,” he says, snapping a picture of us. And before we know what’s what, Loki hands us our shots. 
I take the picture from his hand. We look weird, my face scrunched up, and Kai looks like he sucked a lemon.
Kai slaps me out of my thought and says, “All right, Apollo, enough of that self-admiring. Let’s go and have some fun.” 
“Yeah, let’s go,” I say and tuck the picture in Elsa’s case. With a wave to my other band mates, we head out into the wild crowd. 
I’m pleased I covered my face and changed my clothes. Looking at all the fan girls and boys standing near the gate, I see they’re ready to attack me as I walk out the exit door. But with one look at Kai and me, they simply turn their heads in disappointment. 
I hoot and give Kai a high-five. Yes, tonight I can go around, walking and talking, without the disruption of the fans. There’s no Zac Elliot, lead singer of Apollo, but just me, the fake Phantom and my clown friend, sightseeing the crowd, checking out the other bands, and enjoying the best time of our lives before school starts again.
“Oooh la-la,” Kai coos and bounces around me when he sees all the hot girls. “So many hot girls and some of them aren’t even from our school.” He turns to me and shakes me when I don’t respond. “Look, bro, look at them. Look at the way they’re making eyes at you.” 
He pushes me aside to hide me behind his tiny frame, like I need some protection or something from those raging hormonal girls.
I only laugh. But he’s quite right, though. A lot of people say I have a face made for the big screen, but I just biff them off.
 What face? I can’t imagine myself being handsome or beautiful. Face isn’t what matters to me; it’s the personality that counts. That’s why Kai, my buddy here, is my best friend. He may not have the face of a swoon-worthy movie actor with that outrageous acne populating his face, but his heart is made of gold. So it annoys me that even with this mask on, I still get looked at. Is this the curse of having a perfect body too? Maybe I should’ve worn the clown outfit instead.
“If you have such a nice body, then you should just take that mask off too. This is stupid anyway. I’m hiding my ugly face and you’re hiding your handsome one.”
“Pffh,” I scoff. “You’re not ugly. Just acne. I’m sure you’ll grow out of it.” 
“Yeah, even if I do grow out of it, I’m still a midget. Standing next to the handsome Apollo, I’m a dwarf.”
“Come on, Kai.” I pat him on the shoulder. “There’s nothing special about my face or my height. I have two eyes, one nose, one mouth. Same as you. Plus, being small has some advantages too.” 
“Yeah? Like what?” Kai asks.
“Like squeezing out of this barricade of people,” I joke.
“Yeah, but if I had a face like yours, I wouldn’t be hiding it behind a mask, now would I? I would show my face to every single girl here so I could get some lip service.”
“Lip service my ass.” I laugh. 
I scan the crowd, aware now that people are still staring at me. Hell, what do I have to do to get away from those stares? But then my eyes land on an exit point. The beverage stall. 
I walk over to the stall and buy a cup. 
“Ugh, what the hell is this?” I cough out. It tastes like orange juice and watered-down coke, which is foul as shit. 
“What did you put in this?” I ask the seller.
“Orange juice,” the burly man states with his arms across his chest, a stance I know too well.
“Right.” I nod. Going to the waste can, I toss the whole thing out.
“Should have asked him for a beer instead,” Kai suggests from behind.
I gaze at other people around us, holding cans of beer and making small jokes. 
Alcohol. That’s how we teenagers transition from teenage life into adulthood. 
I spin to face Kai. “Do you think he’s going sell us beers with us wearing masks like these?” I question his logic.
“Yeah, bro. You’re right on that one.”
We spot an isolated site and decide to chill out there. The crowd is starting to get too noisy. Laying our disguised masks to the side, we lie down and look at the black night sky dotted with bright stars.
The faint music drifts to us on the cool breeze. On nights like this, I feel at peace with the whole world. I don’t have to think about why my parents divorced or why Mum neglected me. 
If I remember rightly, our family wasn’t always like this. It only happened after the night Dillon, my older half-brother, came home accompanied by a police officer. Mum followed, and I’m not sure what happened next, but he ended up doing community service for a whole month. Then Mum and Dad always shouted at each other and a few months after that, they got divorced. Dad chose me while Mum took Dillon. 
I like to think the reason she didn’t choose me is because of the hearing damage my singing causes. Plus, I refuse to become a lawyer like her. I love music, so I intend to pursue a career in music, which Dad fully supports. 
Why am I even reminiscing about this shit anyway? It’s not like I can turn back time. She hardly keeps in contact with me, so it’s best if I just let things go. Take one baby step at a time. That’s my motto. 
I get up and spread out my arms. 
“Wooo! Yeah!” I yell into the emptiness. Drained of those negative thoughts, I sit back down, only to have Kai give me a you’ve gone completely nuts after drinking that foul potion look.
I only grin at him. “I feel like doing something crazy.” 
“You’ve already done it.”
“I’m serious, man. Haven’t you ever thought why people who dress up in costume can do ridiculous things?”
“Like what?”
“Rob a bank.”
“Yeah, right, bro. We rob a bank.”
“No kidding.” I laugh. 
“Seriously, bro, like what you wanna do?” Kai asks.
I only give him a nifty smile.
“I got it. Up to a challenge, bro?” He responds. 
I click my tongue. “You bet.”
“Then let’s play Truth or Dare,” he finally says.
I burst out laughing. “You know everything about me, Kai, so let it be a dare.”
“Okay, bro. In the next thirty… no, ten seconds, I dare you to pick a girl from this crowd and kiss her.”
“What?” I laugh out again but this time in disbelief. What is in that foul head of his? Kissing and sex? “You’re kidding me, right?”
“Not kidding.” He shakes his head. 
His lips almost burst from the forced grin he’s trying to suppress. I want to bong him on the head, but I’m afraid he’ll know I’m nervous. 
I can do anything, I tell you. Give me any challenge and I’ll swing through it with ease. Play guitar, sing on stage with hundreds of fan girls hurling flowers at me, but for the life of me, a challenge such as this, randomly picking a girl and giving her a kiss… now that has me shaking in my boots.
I silently force a nervous swallow and summon my courage. “Bring it on, man.”
We walk back into the crowd, putting our masks into place. I shift my eyes, scanning for my potential target as we approach the throng of adrenaline-filled teenagers again. 
“Ready, bro?” I hear him asking me.
Stupid Kai. Of course I’m not ready. Not only do I have to prepare myself physically, but I also have to sort out my mental state too. I don’t want to kiss a girl with garlic breath. 
Wait, how the hell am I supposed to know if the girl’s just eaten garlic? Shit, I didn’t think this through at all, did I? Is it too late to back out now?
“One of these girls is about to be the lucky one who gets to kiss our very own lead singer of Apollo,” Kai announces next to me. I clearly want to add, Plus claim the prize of being the first girl ever to kiss me, but I don’t. Otherwise, I’ll be the laughing stock of the whole school. Me, the notable handsome guy in all of Woodville High, has never been kissed? I’m sure I’ll be the next biggest gossip in the history of mankind.
“Ten!” Kai shouts out, surprising me. 
Shit! The countdown already? 
“Nine!”
Shit! I panic. I’m not ready. My heart is racing. I need to look for a girl and fast.
Look for a girl, Zac, any girl at all. No, not just any girl. Look for your ideal girl, a girl you would enjoy kissing.
“Eight!”
Long hair or short hair? Definitely long hair. Wouldn’t want to pucker up to a girl that has the same hairstyle as me.
“Seven.”
Okay, tick that. Now color. Blond? Jesus, no, too bitchy. Not that every single girl with blond hair would be bitchy, but the latest one who tried to ask me out accused me of being gay, since I preferred to hang out with Kai instead of spending a whole weekend at her house. 
“Six.”
Red? Too fiery. Mrs. Dale, my math teacher, has red hair, and she got all mental the last time I handed in my assignment late. That’s why I ended up with a D-minus for algebra. 
“Five.”
Black hair, then? Yes, that should be fine. Kai has black hair and he’s nice. Yes, an Asian girl would be nice. 
“Four.”
Now where’s a black-haired Asian girl when you need one?
“Three.”
Wait! My eyes zoom in on a brunette. And when she turns to face me, I breathe a sigh of relief. She looks to be about the same age as me. Though not beautiful, she’s not entirely ugly either, just passable, one people don’t give a second glance, one who fits right in the middle of the normal distribution graph. But that’s good enough for me. 
“Two.”
I check her out a bit more. She seems lost, like she’s uncomfortable in her surrounding. Her eyes shift around the arena, like she’s searching for someone.
“One!” Kai slaps me on the shoulder. “Time’s up, bro. Who’s the lucky girl?”
“That one.” I point to her. 
“Average, bro,” he comments. 
I don’t need his opinion. She’s fine by my standard. Plus, what’s he expecting, asking me to pick from this pool of crazy teens? Out sprouts Selena Gomez?
“Is she your ideal?” he questions.
“Come on, Kai, you gave me ten seconds.”
“Right!” he drawls out, then turns to me. “Ready?”
“Ready since yesterday.” I grin. “Just watch.” 
Kai only nods and folds his arms, ready for me to carry out my dare. 
I make my way into the stampede of teens stomping the ground, all the while watching and assessing her. There are many attempts where she tries to catapult herself out of the human cage, but being a small thing with an estimated height of about Kai’s 1.65 meters, no matter what she does, she only falls back into the pack. 
I shake my head. For sure I know my task of kissing her won’t be an easy one. I need to get her out of this crowd. I come up with a plan.
“Found you.” I smile when I manage to break through the barricade of human bodies. I grab her hand and drag her away from the throng of people. I feel like I’m a knight in shining amour, saving a damsel in distress like this. 
Once free of people, I brace her against the wall, near an empty part of the stadium. Putting my arm out to trap her, I smile again and say, “Hey, Romeo finally meets Juliet.” 
How the hell did I come up with that lame line?
The girl looks up at me as if mystified to see a boy in a Phantom mask saving her from the jungle of people. I suppose she wants to thank me. But before she can say a word, I seal my lips to hers and…
Jesus Christ, it’s like a million stars shining bright in my eyeballs, blinding me for a full second before I can grasp the situation again. She tastes like wine, if that is what wine tastes like. The flavor is like a mixture of grapes and honey, leaving a subtle trace of sweetness on those soft lips. So nice, a crispy sweet texture on my palate. Jesus, I’m addicted, and the—
“Ow,” I yell, recoiling from her. This girl, she… she just bit me. 

CHAPTER TWO

IVY

The Stolen Kiss

Suffocation swamps me. I want to breathe proper air, but I can’t. Not when I’m stuck in this human barricade in the middle of a concert filled with adrenaline-pumped teenagers colliding against me on all sides. 
There are so many people, bare arms flailing and sweat flying. I feel self-conscious, pulling at my long sleeves despite the heat wave and perspiration sticking to my skin, making me even more nauseated. 
Where has Mandy gone? 
I search around for my friend. She wanted to see Zac Elliot, the lead singer of Apollo—or her “future boyfriend,” as she never failed to remind me—up close since he’d finished singing his song, so she told me to stay put while she moved near the stage. It was only supposed to be for a second, but now she’s been missing for more than half an hour.
Why did I let her drag me to a place like this? This isn’t my scene. I should have stayed home and continued to unpack our luggage. My family only just arrived from Auckland a couple days back. But Mandy insisted I come, and I can’t say no to her. There’s no one to blame but myself. 
I try my luck again and push forward, but once again, I’m trampled on. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a hand appears and holds on to mine, dragging me away from the crowd. It feels like there’s no longer a wall of resistance, that broad back breaking the barricade for me. 
This guy in an opera mask, which I glimpse from his profile, leads me to an isolated spot at the back of the stadium. 
I want to thank him for allowing me to breathe fresh air again. I look up, but the image that greets me is of his partially obscured face getting closer and closer to mine. 
And then his lips move, “Hey. Romeo finally meets Juliet.” 
What does he mean by this? Who’s Romeo? Who’s Juliet? I’m confused.
I want to ask, but his face, it’s moving too close to mine. I don’t like this. I should—
Too late. At that moment, I lose all coherent thought, feeling only his lips caressing mine. It is so beautiful, so nice and warm, like an autumn breeze. I feel myself sinking into the ground and my back pressing into the wall. I lose all strength in my limbs and cling to him for support. Out in the distance, the faint echo of another band playing on stage reaches my ears, but I don’t register any of this. All I know is I’m in heaven.
Who is this guy in the mask? And why is he kissing me? Wait, kiss… He’s kissing me? And then it clicks. I’m being kissed by a total stranger. 
I open my eyes and see him staring at me. 
Emerald-green irises. 
I feel a sudden coldness attack me. Those eyes, those emerald irises of his, they’re similar to the man who killed my parents and brother. For a moment, I imagine myself being kissed by that killer, and I panic. In my sudden distress, I accidently bite him on the lip.
He gives a yelp and recoils like he’s been stung by a bee.
I stand back up, my body supported by the brick wall, nervously looking up at him, expecting him to attack me or yell at me. Instead, he just stands there licking his bleeding lip. 
He smiles at me. “Mmmm, salty but sweet.” Bracing his arm next to my head and leaning his face forward until his lips are next to my ear, he whispers, “Romeo kissed Juliet, and Juliet strikes back, marking her territory. I hope to see you again, my Juliet.” He takes my hand, places a kiss on the back, gives me another dashing grin, and disappears back into the crowd.
I’m shaken. No guy has ever kissed me before. And I ruined it by biting him on the lip. Worse yet, I didn’t even give him permission. 
So does that mean he stole my first kiss? But if I enjoyed it so much, would that be stealing? Does he have a girlfriend?
I trace my lips to stop myself from thinking absurd thoughts. I focus on the feel of my lips and imagine the soft contour of his pressing against mine.
I want to go home. I really want to go home right now and look at my lips to see if they’re swollen. But there are too many people. And I can’t find Mandy. 
I wedge between sweaty bodies to try and find an exit point on the other side. 
“Ivy!” Mandy calls, appearing out of nowhere, her eyes all big and wide and her face scolding. They’re only magnified more behind her glasses, like a goldfish underwater. “I saw you… You and hottie in the mask.” She speaks like she’s a faltering machine that requires fixing. “O-M-G.” She puffs out, then takes out her asthma inhaler and squeezes two puffs into her mouth. Once she’s calmed down, she screams into my ears at the top of her lungs. “Who was that gorgeous guy?”
“I don’t know,” I shout back. “And please stop screaming.”
“He’s super gorgeous… from behind anyway. Did you get his name?”
“No.”
“What was he doing talking to you?”
“He didn’t talk to me.”
“Then what was he doing?”
“He was ki—” I almost tell her but stop myself before I let out the embarrassing truth.
“He was asking me where the toilet was.” I lie. 
“Toilet?” Mandy scrunches her face in confusion. “What’s a hot guy doing asking you about the toilet? Isn’t that a tad embarrassing?”
“He’s clearly not embarrassed.” I lie again, avoiding eye contact.
“Whatever. Let’s go back inside.” 
Mandy takes my hand and is about to lead me back in when I stop her. 
“Let’s not.” 
“Come on. Zac’s going to make another appearance tonight.”
“Then you go. I’m going home.”
“How are you supposed to get home?” she asks like she’s my mother.
“Bus,” I tell her.
“Please. The bus doesn’t run at night. Plus, I drove you here, remember? So just stay for a bit longer, okay?” she pleads and slumps her head to rest on my shoulder. “It’s not like we get to have fun that often. Plus, Monday’s school. Let’s enjoy ourselves now. Okay?”
“Please stop it.” I massage my head. “I’m getting a headache. Please, let’s just go home.” 
“But Zac hasn’t made his good-bye appearance yet,” she whines again.
“You already saw him when he was onstage half an hour ago. Plus, you’ve taken heaps of photos of him already.”
“Yes, I did, but he was too far away. When I got near the stage, he’d already disappeared back inside. So I want to see him fully this time and take heaps of good shots. So please, just half an hour more. I’ve missed you. We haven’t hung out since… you know… Please?”
I really want to say no, but she’s right. Since the accident, I never had a chance to ring her. There have been so many adjustments in my life that calling Mandy was the least of my concerns. 
Mandy’s my childhood friend. We went to primary school together, but by the end of primary school, she moved to Dunedin in the South Island of New Zealand. I stayed in Auckland, the North Island. It was only a few months ago that my grandma, sister-in-law, little six-year-old niece, and I all moved to this city to start a new life.
“Urgh. Fine, just half an hour. Then we go home.” I finally give in.
“Promise.” She hugs me and bounces back into the crowd, dragging me along with her. “Once I get to kiss Zac Elliot, I’ll deliver you straight to your doorstep.”
Forty minutes later, with me continuously thinking about the kiss from that mysterious Phantom mask guy, I’m finally able to return home.
“You should have seen him, Ivy. Why did you need to disappear to the toilet when he appeared onstage? He is so super gorgeous! Ahh, I want to be his girlfriend.” 
I close my eyes while Mandy chitchats away in the car on the drive home, narrating how she missed the chance to kiss him because she was too far from stage. Otherwise, she would have jumped onstage and kissed him senseless.
Talking about kissing, my thoughts return like a vengeance to the mysterious Phantom guy. I can still taste that sweetness on my lips.
I wave good-bye to Mandy from my front porch. Immediately, I dash inside to the bathroom. Once inside, I shut the door and look at my lips in the bathroom mirror. 
They look plump and slightly swollen. I’m glad the festival happened at night because it prevented Mandy from seeing my lips clearly. Otherwise, she wouldn’t stop bugging me with her endless questioning.
I start tracing my lips again with my fingers, outlining where he kissed me. My upper lip. My lower lip. It feels so nice. 
I smile at myself in the mirror like an idiot, wondering if I’ll ever get to see the mysterious guy who stole my first kiss. From the corner of my eye, I see Moon, my niece, walking in. 
“Vivi,” she calls when she sees me touching my lips. “Did you eat something bad? Why are you rubbing your lips?”
“I’m…” 
“I know! I know! You’ve been kissed.”
“Moon!” I clamp her mouth shut. How does a six-year-old know about kissing?
“Vivi.” She unclamps my hand from her mouth and prods some more. 
My headache is coming back. School is starting on Monday, so I don’t want to be bothered by this right now. There’s so much work to do. 
“I haven’t been kissed. My lips, they just… I collided with something,” I tell her. 
I don’t consider this lying since I’m just bending the truth slightly. 
She looks at me like she doesn’t believe me, though. 
“Seriously. It’s like a train crashing into another train. A train wreck. Just something like that.” I try to convince her.
“What’s something?” she asks. Suddenly, her face lights up. That girl, she’s got something up her sleeve. “Oh, I know. A boy’s lips?”
“Moon!” I shout again, picking her up and taking her to her bedroom. “I told you it was a train crash between that something and my lips.”
“It’s okay if you’re too shy to talk about stuff like that. Tommy told me all about kissing and stuff.”
“And who’s Tommy?” I ask. I can’t help being curious. How can a six-year-old know all about this stuff? I don’t remember my teachers teaching me this stuff when I was in primary school.
“He’s my boyfriend,” Moon replies sweetly.
“Moon!” A little alarm bell starts ringing in my head. “I forbid you to have a boyfriend at your age.”
“But we play together. He’s my friend. So just because he’s a boy, he can’t be my friend?” She complains.
Well…
I scratch my head. Since she puts it that way… 
“It’s fine to be friends with a boy,” I tell her, “but no talking about kissing or anything from now on. Not until you’re sixteen. Got it?”
“Mmmm.” She nods and gives me little kisses on my cheeks.
My little niece, she sure knows how to turn sweet when she wants to. I’m completely at her mercy.
We end up lying in bed. I read her favorite bedtime story, Cinderella. Eventually, she falls asleep. I’m tired too. I think I should head to bed as well. 
I tug Moon in first, making sure she’s comfortable before I head to my room. I kiss her good night and leave. Except a hand prevents me from leaving. I turn and see Moon gripping my fingers. 
“You want to know Gigi’s behavior tonight?” She holds on to me tight. Gigi is Moon’s way of saying great-grandma. 
I sit back down and nod at her. 
“Gigi didn’t cry. She kissed grandma, grandpa, and daddy’s photos good night, sent a good prayer to them, and went straight to bed.”
I smile, glad my grandma is slowly recovering from that tragic accident five years ago.
“But she did mention something about some man before going to bed,” Moon finishes. 
“Oh.” I gasp. Maybe Gigi hasn’t fully recovered. 
Moon gives me her furrowed brow, which means she doesn’t understand what I’m gasping about. 
I give her a smile, despite it being a dry one. I think it’ll suffice for now. “It’s nothing. Just forget about it.”
When the accident happened, I was only twelve years old. I was in the backseat with my big brother, while Mum and Dad were in the front. We were driving home. And that was when it happened. A car came out of nowhere and crashed into us. I survived. My parents and brother did not. 
What’s maddening about the whole situation is we didn’t get any justice from the case. The man was clearly drunk. He tested positive. That aspect I can remember clearly through those many painful memories. 
During the trail, he was released, saying it was our fault. We drove into him. 
I didn’t believe him. Not back then and certainly not now. Dad was never a reckless driver. He never had a ticket his whole life. Sometimes, I ask God what he did to deserve such an unjust death. 
Everyone in my family hates him. Gigi hates him. My sister-in-law Clare hates him. I hate him. Him, that man. His mother and his father all standing there holding on to him, protecting him like he was the victim in the whole incident, when in fact, he was the murderer, the one that should have been punished.
I can still remember being huddled up close to Clare and Grandma, all of us crying, all of us trying to fight for our rights, until Grandma couldn’t take it anymore and she fainted and was admitted into hospital. She never came right after that. 
“And how about Mommy?” I ask, trying to change that painful subject.
“She’s still at work.”
I check the time. It’s already nearing midnight. Clare’s job as a waitress requires her to work until midnight, so it’s usually me who puts Moon to sleep. 
“And your shots. Have you taken them yet?” 
“Already did. Gigi helped me.”
“And your blood sugar? Did you check that too?”
“Already did that too. Gigi helped me again.”
“Good.” I smile, brushing my fingers through her blond tresses.
How unfortunate of my little niece to develop type-one diabetes so young in life. She’ll need insulin injections for the rest of her life. But this small fault doesn’t stop her from being robust. On the contrary, she’s always brimming with energy. It would be great if I could steal some of her enthusiasm and forget about the past.
Kissing Moon’s forehead again, I bid her good night and go to wash my face and brush my teeth, my normal nighttime routine. After changing into my pajamas, I head back into my room and sit in front of our home laptop. It’s quite old, but it works fine. I don’t have the heart to throw something out when it’s still useful to me.
I log onto my bank account and check my savings balance.
Two thousand dollars.
I sigh, my shoulders slumping in disappointment. I have a long way to go if I want to go to law school after I graduate high school. 
I plan to become a lawyer. I want to revisit that injustice put upon us. But with only two thousand in my bank account, I’ll need to find a lot more money in order to achieve my goals.
I’m quite advanced in education, gaining top marks in calculus, algebra, biology, and chemistry back in my previous high school. I wonder if there are any jobs available in this city that can make use of my skills. Tomorrow, I’ll ask Mandy to see if anyone needs a tutor. 
I flick over to Facebook to check my updates. Mandy has already posted the photos she took of us at the festival. She’s always fast with social media. 
I scan through the pictures quickly. One catches my eyes. It is of me looking bored and Mandy looking like she’s high on coke. Underneath the picture is a caption that reads, “Me and my BFF having a fun time at the school festival. Sadly, I didn’t get to kiss Zac. Boo-hoo.” At the end of the caption is a sad face icon. 
I laugh. Trust Mandy to tell the whole world how much she loves this Zac guy. 
A stifled yawn passes my lips and my eyelids droop closed a few times. I glance at the time. It’s already past midnight. 
Crikey! I better log off. Clare should be home soon, and she doesn’t like me on the internet if it’s not anything to do with studying. 
I log off the laptop and shake my head, trying to wake myself from the drowsiness that’s threatening to put me to sleep again. I walk to the living room and make myself a cup of hot cocoa. Ten minutes later, Clare walks in. 
Clare looks like a train wreck—hollow eyes and messy blond hair bunched up like she hasn’t brushed it for days. I think she’s just tired. It’s the side effects of supporting all of us since she’s the only breadwinner in our family. 
I know she must work very hard to support us, and sometimes I wish I could grow up faster so I can go to law school and be the breadwinner instead. Let her relax for a while, while I’ll provide the family with the monetary support. But being seventeen has limitations, and one of those limitations is that I can’t work all hours around the clock. My first priority, she tells me often, is to study hard and go to law school.
“Hey.” She smiles tiredly at me. “How’s Moon?”
“She’s asleep now.”
“And how was the festival?”
“It was fun.”
“Did you meet any hot guys?”
I feel my cheeks flush crimson. Thoughts of that stolen kiss plague my mind again.
“No.” I lie, looking at my cup of hot cocoa. If I were Pinocchio, my nose would be as long as a broomstick by now.
Clare smiles and sits beside me. “Did I ever tell you I met Brian during our teenage years too?” she says, a little tear almost escaping the corner of her eye. “It was love at first sight for us.” A moment later, her body starts shaking. “Oh God, I miss him so much, Ivy,” she cries into my shoulder. “I love him so much.” Then she looks up with vengeance in her eyes. “I will never forgive that man and his family for taking Brian from us.”
Even after five years, our family is still affected by that accident. Gigi is sick and needs regular medication to keep her stable. Clare is still upset and vows vengeance against him and his family. And I’m constantly haunted by that nightmare.
I hug her and tell her everything is going to be fine because I’m here to protect them, then tell her to go wash herself while I microwave some food for her. She does as I tell her to. 
After Clare has eaten and goes to her room, I check all the windows and doors to make sure they’re all locked and secure. Then I check up on Moon. She’s sound asleep. I poke my head through Grandma’s door. She’s also sound asleep. Fully satisfied now that everyone is in bed, I sneak into my own bed, feeling the comfort of the soft cotton blanket enveloping me, safe and secure from the outside world. Soon, I fall asleep. 
That night I have the same dream of my parents and brother dying in the car crash. But this time, instead of seeing the face of the man who killed them, I see the masked guy, the one who stole my first kiss. His faceless shadow leans closer to me, stealing another kiss in my sleep.
CHAPTER THREE

ZAC

A Chance Encounter

“Kai, pick me up at the hospital after you finish school, capisce?” I growl, leaving the message on his cell phone. 
I’m feeling frustrated at my current situation. In fact, I’m mad. I look down at the white cast plastered around my left leg and the pair of crutches the nurse gave me. Shit! This pisses me off big time. 
I guess I can’t blame anything other than my own reckless behavior. After that girl bit me on the lip, it was like I got turned into a wolf bitten by his mate. I went a bit crazy while driving my car home in the dark. Thinking about that girl too much, I literally slammed into a tree. Now I’m blessed with one broken leg. Luckily, Kai didn’t travel with me that night; otherwise, his leg would probably be in a cast too… or worse.
I’ve been in hospital for two days now while everyone else started school. I guess it’s good in a way since it took that long for my lip to heal properly. 
I bite my lip again, just to make sure.
Ow, it still hurts. 
Damn, now that girl is in my head again. Whenever I bite or touch my lips, she miraculously appears inside my head. 
Shoving thoughts of the girl to the back of my mind, I think of Dad instead. He’s at one of his conferences again, so he doesn’t know I’m in hospital yet. I’m sure he’ll be a worrywart when he knows. I’m not looking forward to when he comes back, though. He won’t take too well to a surprise surgery bill landing on his front doorstep. 
Talking about surgery, I wanted to sign the consent form myself, but since I’m not yet eighteen, Catalina signed on my behalf. 
Catalina is our housekeeper, or part guardian when Dad’s away. She’s Italian. That’s why I like to use the word capisce. She taught me that word when I was a little boy. 
Catalina keeps the house in perfect condition and makes great food. I know since being in hospital, I’ve lost a good kilo. When I get home, I might need to boost my food intake with her homemade pizzas. But sadly, she’s not working today since it’s her day off. I guess it’ll be McDonald’s for tea, then. 
Talking about food, my stomach starts growling. When is Kai going to arrive? I check the time on my cell phone. It’s already past three o’clock. School should be out by now, so there’s no reason for him to be this late. 
Having nothing to do, I fidget a bit on the wheelchair, not used to the cast on my leg. It feels heavy. I move my leg a bit more, testing its weight. I smirk. I have a sudden urge to test out the new crutches. 
I slip both my arms into the allotted holes and hobble about. It’s hard to walk. After three minutes of gangly walking around the room, I slump back on the wheelchair.
Damn, this is boring. I can’t do anything. I’ll just stare at the white walls and wait for the doctor to come back with my discharge papers. 
The doctor appears just as my eyelids droop closed. I sit straighter, looking at her with beaming bright eyes, awaiting my verdict. 
“Mr. Elliot, I suppose you won’t be able to attend school until your leg gets better.”
“Excellent,” I snarl sarcastically. Dad will definitely go mental now. In fact, he might even kill me. Not only did I miss a couple days of school, but now my absence from school will be extended until my leg is fully recovered. 
“And when can I go to school?” I ask. 
“Another month or so,” the doctor tells me.
I almost stop breathing. 
Another month? How am I supposed to learn algebra when I’ll miss school for that length of time? 
“But I can’t,” I tell her. “I need to go to school. I have to pass the algebra test. And I have band practice.”
“I’m sure your band can come to your house for practice sessions,” she suggests calmly.
“Well, what about algebra?” I fire back in alarm. “How am I supposed to learn that if I don’t go to school?” 
I’m not impressed with my behavior right now. I’m just like Kai going into his hysterical mode. But I really can’t lose Elsa. Not because of one lame broken leg. Why can’t I go to school in a wheelchair? 
“You look stressed out.” She laughs.
This is no laughing matter. I seriously need to pass algebra. 
“Don’t worry. We’ll enroll you in our PHST program,” she tells me, which doesn’t do an ounce of good to ease my worry. What’s she talking about, PHST program? What kind of acronym is that?
“That stands for Patient Home School Tutoring program,” she answers in reply to my silent question. “Young students like yourself who require rehabilitation and healing time would miss school. So we created this program to help them recover at their own rate but still benefit from not missing any of their classes. Since you keep on mentioning algebra, you must struggle in that area. Am I correct?”
I don’t want to admit my weakness, but there’s no way around it. 
“Yes.” I nod.
“That’s good. In our PHST program, we have advanced students from all different subjects. We will be sure to pair you up with an expert in algebra.”
I heave a sigh of relief. “That’s good, then.”
Now that the subject of algebra and my broken leg have been sorted out, we turn to more immediate matters.
“Have you got anyone to pick you up? Shall I call your dad?” the doctor asks.
“No. My friend is coming over soon. I just phoned him.”
“Okay. I’ll wheel you into the waiting room, then.”
“No, I’m fine.” I stop her before she has the chance to touch the wheelchair.
It’s embarrassing already to have my leg in a cast and holding crutches, but to be wheeled around like a sick child too… No, I can’t take that. I’m a big man now. 
I know before I said I’m willing to even go to school in a wheelchair, but that’s because I’m desperate. Now everything’s resolved. There’s no way I’m letting anyone see me in a wheelchair. 
I wear my backpack and stand up, all the while trying to balance on the damn crutches. Once I’m stable enough, I thank her and head out. I don’t stop until I reach the main waiting area.
My stomach growls again. I’m tired and my grumpy mood resurfaces. There’s not much I can do but sit and play the waiting game again.
Where is Kai, that damn bastard? I’ll box his ears until they ring when I see him.
I’m too busy thinking of ways to punish Kai when a little girl of about five or six appears out of nowhere and sits next to me. She grins at me and then slides off her seat again.
I’m curious. Who’s this girl? Where’s she come from? And what the hell is she doing poking at my cast?
“Allo.” She looks up at me from her inspection. “What’s wrong with your leg? Why is it in that white thing?”
“Ugh… I broke my leg,” I tell her. How does one talk to a little kid? I don’t have a little brother or sister. The same goes for Kai. So to have one this close to me makes me nervous somehow. 
She grins at me again, then asks in her little chirpy voice, “Does it hurt?”
“Yeah,” I reply, grinning back. That smile on her lips is really contagious. Somehow, I find I’m no longer in my bad mood, although she looks sad with my response. It doesn’t sit right with me to see her having a sad face. She’s mighty cute when she smiles. Even a little dimple appears. 
I want to see that dimple again, so I say, “Only for a bit, though. Now it doesn’t hurt at all.”
Her dimple reappears and my mood brightens again
“Can I write something on it?” she asks cheerfully, poking at my cast again.
“Oh, yeah, sure.” I pull out my favorite black ballpoint pen from my backpack. “Will this do?”
She looks up at me with her big glaring eyes. “Do you have a pink color?”
“No.” I hold out my black pen again. “Only this black one.”
She grins at me and takes the pen from my hand.
I wish I could bend my back. I haven’t a clue what she’s writing on my cast. I hope it’s not anything nasty. 
“What’s your name?” she asks randomly. 
“Zac,” I tell her.
She lifts her head and grins again. “Then I’ll call you Zacky. Okay? After Zacky ducky, my little toy duck I have at home for when I bathe.”
I don’t know if I’m pleased to be nicknamed after her honorable bath duck, but her smile really lights up my dull day, so I agree. 
“Sure.”
She gives me her signature grin again, then crouches down and proceeds with her doodle. After another minute, she stands up and gives me the biggest and flashiest grin that shows all her teeth. 
“All done.” She moves aside for me to view her artistic work.
On my cast is written in a child’s writing, Get well soon, Zacky. Love, Moon, with lots of curlicues and hearts.
My vision is a bit watery after this. I know I’m not crying, but what the hell? When she turns away, I take the opportunity to wipe my eyes clean.
Yep, I’m definitely a crybaby. I’m reduced to a crying toddler just because a little girl writes little love doodles on my cast. 
“Your name is Moon?” I ask, finding my voice a bit choked up.
“No.” She shakes her head and perches herself next to me again. “It’s Monica. But my aunt said I was born on the night of the full moon, so she calls me Moon. Plus, I like that name better. Don’t you think so, Zacky?”
“Yeah. I like that name too. Easy to say.”
“Mmmm.” She agrees and starts swinging her legs back and forth, hiding her little pink shoes from my eyes like they’re playing peek-a-boo beneath her long skirt. Actually, that reminds me… What’s a little kid doing in hospital all by herself? 
“Where are your parents?” I ask in concern.
She shakes her head. “Mummy’s not here. She’s at work.”
“Then who are you with?”
“I’m here with Gigi and Vivi. They’re busy talking to the doctor. I got bored so I came out here to play.”
“Well, then you better stay here with me and play. We’ll wait until Gigi or Vivi come to pick you up. Okay?”
I’m not sure who Gigi or Vivi is, but they better come and collect Moon fast. It’s not safe for a guardian to leave a little child by herself. I know I won’t be leaving until someone comes and gets her. 
“What shall we play?” she asks.
“How about I Spy?” I suggest. 
What? It’s not like I’m into spying people or things. It’s just that’s the first game that entered my mind. Plus, it requires no pens and paper. Well, I have the pen, but no paper. Unless we use my discharge papers, which will not be the case.
“Ooooh, I like that game. I’ll start first, okay?”
“Go for it,” I say.
Moon starts looking around the waiting room and then she turns to me and grins. “I got it. I’ll start now, okay?”
“Sure, go ahead.”
“I spy with my little tiny eyes something beginning with the letter Z.”
Z, now what can that be? 
I look around the room. There’s nothing that begins with the letter Z. There’s no zebra toy in the kid’s section. For the life of me, I can’t think of what it is. 
Oh, this little girl is smart. She has me trapped in her paws.
Moon is busy sniggering on the side. I flip a look at her. She bursts out laughing. Wait, I got it. I’m wearing jeans. And they have zippers. I’m winning round one this time, little Moon. 
“Zipper,” I proudly say. 
“Ha-ha. No. It’s Zacky, silly. You’re the letter Z.” She giggles, her whole body shaking with her laughter. I end up laughing too. And that’s when my stomach decides to join in the fun and growls.
Moon glances at me and starts giggling even louder until she’s holding on to her tummy. I’m a little embarrassed that my stomach is misbehaving, so I just sit there smiling awkwardly at her. After a little while, her laughter dies down.
“Do you have to give a shot to yourself too before your stomach growls?” she asks. 
“Huh? A shot?” I’m really confused. What’s she talking about?
“You know, a little pen. You stick it into your skin before your tummy growls. I have to give myself three shots a day. Otherwise, I feel sick and go to sleep.”
I’m a lazy-ass boy when it comes to subjects not relating to music, but maybe going to science class is really useful after all. I remember last year we did a project on medical conditions. Everyone went for the asthma and heart diseases. I decided to do something different and researched diabetes with Kai. Hearing the procedure Moon described to me, it sounds like she has type-one diabetes. 
I want to confirm my suspicion, but I’m scared I might offend her. Moon, though, explains everything of her own free will, like she’s talking about the sunny weather outside. 
“Mummy told me I’ve had it since I was a baby. And I’ll properly have to give myself shots for the rest of my life too. I just gave one to myself before. You want to see?”
“Sure.” I nod numbly, stunned at the sudden revelation. 
She lifts her shirt to reveal her round tummy. On the side just about two inches from her belly button are a series of injection marks. 
“Does it hurt?” I ask, my voice shaking. 
Theory-wise, it’s all fun and games when you learn about this condition in the classroom, but when you meet someone face to face, especially one who happens to be a kid too, you know it’s no laughing matter. 
“At first it does. But now it doesn’t hurt at all. I’m used to it. Mommy, Gigi, and Vivi help me with the shots. Now I’m an expert. I even do my own blood test too.”
I have to give credit to this kid. She’s gone through so much, yet she’s still smiling like it’s completely normal. Wait! Did she just say blood test?
My body freezes. I’m not good with blood. When the nurse draws my blood for tests, I always get this feeling like I’m going to pass out. 
“You… you… said blood test, right?” I ask to clarify. I think I’m having ear problems.
“Mmmm. I test to make sure my sugar in my blood is normal. Then before I eat, I take my shot. Do you want a demonstration?” 
“Umm, yeah, sure,” I fluff, reluctantly agreeing on the spot.
What have I gotten myself into? No matter how cute this little girl is who’s begging me with big puppy dog eyes, I should never ever say yes, especially when I’m shit scared of blood. 
“It’s like this, see.” She takes my ink pen and positions it on the pad of my index finger. With quick action, she stabs the tip of the pen into my skin, causing me to yelp like a dog in pain.
“Oww.” 
She giggles. “You’re funny, Zacky. I like you.”
Well, if putting me through this much pain makes her like me, then I don’t mind being stabbed again. 
I look at her flashing grin. It’s like a ray of sunshine. I know now that nothing can rob this kid of her happiness, even the pain of injecting insulin into her body three times a day or having regular glucose tests with a needle. 
I feel ashamed of myself complaining about pain just being stabbed with a little pen. Maybe I should learn from her, adopt a bit of her attitude, be a bit more grateful about life. 
A moment of thoughtful silence passes between us, when the sound of someone shouting wakes me from my thoughts. Looking up, I see an old grandma rushing towards us, her face pale with fright, as if she’s searching for someone. 
I awkwardly stand up, ready to help her in any possible way, even in my limited state, when she collapses right into my arms, her body going limp.
“Grandma! Grandma! Are you okay?” I call to her. “Someone, please help.”
Jesus, what do I do? I’m in hospital, but there isn’t a single nurse around.
Just as I finish with my alarmed calling, the lady lifts her head. 
“Moon, Moon. Where are you?” she shouts in shrill alarm.
Moon runs to her and hugs her. “Gigi, I’m here.”
Oh, so that’s Gigi. Now who’s Vivi?
“Moon.” Her voice calms down a bit. “Don’t run away from Gigi again, okay?” 
“I’m sorry.” Moon apologizes to the old grandma.
Old grandma turns to me then. I smile. And before she can say a word, I explain the whole situation.
“Thank you very much, young man, for looking after my Moon,” Gigi says while patting Moon’s head. She looks tired and her voice sounds strained. “She’s here for her monthly checkup. I was busy talking to the doctor. She was standing beside me a minute ago, and in the next minute, she was gone. I was so worried. That’s why I ran out and shouted like that. If it weren’t for you, I’m not sure what I would do.”
I feel slightly embarrassed for receiving such praise. I’m not used to it. I didn’t really do anything. I just stayed and talked to Moon.
Looking at Gigi’s pale face, I go to grab some water for her. Even with my limited mobility, I still praise myself for looking after the elderly. Gigi looks like she might pass out any minute. Water will help. 
Filling a cup at the fountain, I give one to her, when Moon says, “Where’s mine?”
“I’m sorry,” I say, smiling, then go to collect another cup for Moon.
“Do you black out often, ma’am?” I ask when I come back. I look at her holding the cup of water in her hands. They are all crooked and slightly twisted like they’ve gone through some hard times. 
She takes a small sip of the water, looks at me, and smiles tiredly. “I’ve always been like this. There’re some things in the past that still affect me now.” She glances down and sees my leg in the cast. “How about you? What’s a young man like you doing with those crutches?”
“Well, it was an accident.” I smile. I don’t want to tell her the cause of my broken leg is that girl and the kiss. Instead, I say, “I drove into a tree.”
I look at the time. It’s near four already. Kai should be here anytime. I think I should wait for him in the car park so he needn’t come into the hospital. 
Kai hates hospital. If the circumstance is avoidable, then he will avoid it at all cost. 
“Well, I think I should get going now,” I say, standing up.
“Thank you again for looking after Moon, young man.”
“No problem, ma’am.”
“You can call me Nancy.”
“Okay. Bye, Moon. Bye, Nancy.” I wave at them before heading off.
“Bye-bye, Zacky.” Moon waves back at me. Nancy gives me a smile.
I’m in deep thought. I’ve forgotten to give Nancy my name. I feel a bit guilty now. Maybe I should turn back and tell her. Yeah, I think I’ll do that. It’s not polite to not give your name to an elder.
From the distance, I hear someone calling out. I’m not really sure who is it, and personally, I don’t really care. But the sound of that voice has a nice ring to it, a bit like the soft melodic music I like to listen to. And that’s when I get curious. 
Maybe I should—
Bam! I go crashing to the floor when a body collides into me.
Oh shit! I think I broke my other leg too. 
“Jesus Christ! Watch where you’re going,” I swear when I get my bearings. 
So what? I’m pissed. I’m allowed to be, aren’t I? After all, I’m hungry and tired. On top of that, I smell like a skunk who’s been sleeping in the dumpster for the past two days. 
I’m a real clean freak. It’s just that the hospital doesn’t have proper bathtubs. And I like baths more than showers. So I didn’t bathe at all for the past two days. I think I’m going to stay in the bathtub for two whole months after I get out of this place, just to get rid of the smell. 
While I’m busy collecting arms and limbs into appropriate places, there is still silence from whomever it is that collided against me.
Don’t they know it’s impolite to run into people with limited mobility? I should give this someone a piece of my mind.
“You can’t—”
I’m speechless. All the remaining air whooshes from my lungs. All I can see are those lips, those lips that bit me that night.
This girl, the one that just collided into me, she’s… she’s…
“Juliet?”

CHAPTER FOUR

IVY

A Fated Encounter

“Her blood sugar is in the normal range. She’s doing great. But just make sure she takes her doses thirty minutes before her meals,” Dr. Marshall advises.
“Thank you. Should we make another appointment next month?” I ask.
“Michelle will sort that out for you,” Dr. Marshall says, leading me out of his consultation room. 
I make an appointment with Michelle for Moon’s next checkup appointment, then go into the waiting room. I see Moon and Gigi waving good-bye to some guy in a blue shirt. From this distance, it’s very hard to make out who he is. 
Our family has only been in Dunedin for two months, so to see Gigi and Moon waving to people they don’t know, I become curious. 
“Vivi,” Moon comes and takes my hand when I get close to them. “You should have seen Zacky.”
“Zacky?” I ask, looking at Moon in confusion.
Gigi replies instead. “That’s her new friend. I saw Moon playing with him.”
“Yes, Vivi.” Moon looks up at me. “He wears a white thing on his leg. He said his leg was broken. That’s why he wears it. I even got to write my name on it.”
I laugh and crouch down to her level. “So you made another friend, then?
“Mmmm.” She nods. “He’s my new boyfriend.” 
I laugh again. This time I know what she means.
“Lord help me!” Gigi exclaims suddenly, her hands running along the length of her jacket as if she’s trying to search for something.
“What’s wrong, Grandma?” I ask, a little alarmed. 
“I think I lost our money, Ivy.” She turns to me with frightened eyes.
I go pale. The doctor’s fee hasn’t even been paid yet, and we still have to take the bus home. But with no money, how are we supposed to do these things? I know I have the strength to walk all the way home, but Gigi and Moon would be too tired.
We don’t own a car, so we go everywhere by bus. I told Gigi before that we should consider getting a car since I already have my driver’s license, but she was adamant, saying walking and using the bus would do good for the community instead of polluting the environment by using a car. So now with no car and no money to pay for Moon’s treatment, I panic.
I curse myself silently for forgetting to bring my cell phone and wallet too. Otherwise, I could ring Mandy for her to pick us up or pay for the taxi home. 
Gigi searches in all her pockets without success.
Having no result with our current problem, my mood turns foul and I start thinking someone must have stolen it. Then the thought of that guy Moon mentioned before arouses my suspicions. 
I know there’s a small chance he might not have taken it, but I can’t come to any other logical conclusion. He must have lured Moon and then waited for her guardian to pick her up. Then when he saw Gigi, he thought he’d strike.
“Grandma, that guy I saw you wave to before, did he come close to you?”
“Well, yes, Ivy. I almost blacked out, so he helped me. He led me to this chair and gave me water.”
“That explains it, then,” I say in flustered anger. I crouch down to Moon’s level and start questioning her.
“Was he in a wheelchair?”
“No, Vivi. He has crutches.”
“Good, now you stay with Gigi. Vivi will be back with our bus money, okay?” I instruct them and then whiz away to try to catch the thief that stole our money.
“Okay, but Zacky is not…”
I don’t hear the rest of Moon’s sentence because I’m already running along the corridor toward the exit, trying my best to catch up to the culprit. Luckily, that culprit is on crutches so his mobility is slow.
Turning a corner, I catch sight of a guy wearing a blue shirt with a white cast on one of his legs. He’s hobbling along with his crutches at a snail’s peace. 
I smile. Knowing I’m only a short distance away from him, I summon my strength to run even faster.
“Hey, you. Stop right there!” I shout, hoping he’ll hear me and will stop.
He doesn’t stop. Nor does he take notice of my call. 
So he wants to get away. Not this time. I must catch him. I need to catch him. He isn’t going to get away with stealing our money like this.
Money is in short supply in our family. With hospital bills for Gigi and Moon mounting, we can’t afford for some random stranger to snatch our money. After the incident with my parents and brother, I vow to find justice and stand my ground, even in these smaller cases.
I’m in such a rush to catch up to that him that I end up running too fast and now I can’t stop myself. The force of momentum is too great, and when his body appears, I literally crash into him. 
“Jesus Christ, watch where you’re going,” he says, his face kissing the linoleum floor.
That voice. I remember it from somewhere.
And then he lifts his head. And time practically stops for me.
I look at him, those emerald irises, feeling an odd familiarity, as if we’ve met somewhere before. My heart skips a beat. In turn, my eyes drop to his lips. One looks a bit swollen, like he’s been stung by a bee. And from those lips comes the word, “Juliet?”
That word makes time move again. I shake my head to get myself out of this imaginary fog and stare accusingly at him. 
“Give me back my grandma’s money.”
He shakes his head then, as if he’s in the same fog as I. His face is a mask of confusion after that. He asks, “What are you talking about? What money?”
Looking for his crutches, which now lie on the side some distance from him, he stares at me and says, “Aren’t you going to be a good citizen and help me pick up my crutches?”
I’m stunned. For a moment, I don’t know how to react. By instinct, I lean down and pick up one of his crutches and offer it to him.
He lays it beside him and then flicks his eyes to the other, which is still sitting near his foot, as if saying, Aren’t you going to get the other one? 
I pick that one up too and give it to him, then stand back, not sure of what else to do, my first mission of getting justice and standing my ground all forgotten.
Those emerald eyes… where have I seen them before? They are so green in the sunlight, like green flames filled with life and energy. 
“Aren’t you going to help me up?” he asks when I just stand there looking at him. 
“I gave you back your crutches,” I tell him.
“I need help standing up. I can’t use those crutches to stand up. I don’t have the strength in my leg. Help me up. Quick,” he demands.
When it comes to quick demands like this, I’m not sure what to do. So I hold my hand out for him to take so I can support him. 
He literally heaves over me, and I almost topple over under his heavy weight. Pushing him back upright so he’s standing against the wall with his crutches now supporting him, I stand back and ask, “Are you all right now?” 
“Yeah,” he says, smiling. Looking at me, his emerald irises dilate and spark. 
“Good,” I say. “Now give me back my grandma’s money.”
“Again, what money?”
“Don’t play coy,” I say, standing my ground. “I know you took it from her. Her money went missing straight after you held on to her. Now give it back.”
“Hey, don’t start accusing people like that. What evidence do you have that I took your grandma’s money.”
“You held on to her.”
“When?”
“I saw you waving good-bye. Grandma said you held on to her when she almost blacked out. The last time I saw her was when she was in the consultation room with me. The money was there when she was with me. So you must be the one that took her money. Now give it back.”
“You can’t accuse people with only speculative evidence. Do you have any other witnesses to testify that I took her money?”
“No.”
“Then you’ve lost your case,” he says, smiling mischievously, and then starts walking away.
“Wait! I’m not done talking yet,” I call out. 
I block his path and even take one of his crutches to stop him from moving farther, but he only grins when he faces me. His eyes even sparkle brighter than before. 
Is he trying to play with me? I’m not in the mood to be teased right now.
“Have you found another witness to testify that I did it already?” 
“No, but we’re not through with this,” I tell him sternly. “I’m taking you to the police station. We can sort this problem out over there.
“Police station?” he asks in surprise, his eyes losing their shine a little. For a minute, I think I’ve won the battle, but then he only smirks again. “You know what? Let’s settle it right now.”
What? And to make matters worse, he starts calling out for the security guards. 
“Guards! Guards! Hey, are you a security guard?” he starts asking random people who happen to walk past us. 
All they see are two teenagers, one with a broken leg in a cast and another holding a crutch, busy having a verbal fight, so they take no notice of us. 
I don’t know what to do in this situation. I’m prepared to take him to the police station, but I don’t want to make a big ruckus out of this in public. Without thinking, I clamp his mouth shut. He mumbles a bit more and then, when he realizes his mouth is clamped shut by my hand, he turns towards me. Right now, his face is so close to mine that I can feel his warm breath on me. Feeling like my body is being electrocuted, I let my hand drop and move back, trying to make sense of what just happened. He gives me a smirk, as if enjoying my moment of indecision, when I just stand back, unable to move.
“Vivi! Vivi!” Moon’s voice drifts to my ears.
He seems to recover first, looking straight past me to Moon, who’s running towards me. 
“Vivi! Vivi!” Moon shakes me out of my fog.
“Moon! Didn’t I tell you to stay with Gigi?”
“I came to tell Vivi that Gigi found her money.” 
Not a second later, Gigi comes rushing along too.
“Dear, I found our money. It was in the other pocket. I sewed a new pocket inside my jacket this morning. I thought to keep the money safe there but forgot it was there.”
I can feel my face flushing hot in embarrassment. He, on the other hand, has a smug look on his face, like he’s having so much fun living off my embarrassment. 
“Zacky.” Moon goes to hold his hand. He smiles down at her and ruffles her hair. 
I refrain from speaking and try to look confident and strong, like I’m unaffected by this whole ordeal, but the warmth in my cheeks won’t stop. I look down, unable to meet his gaze anymore. I hear him talking to Gigi. I take a sneak peek at him while they’re busy talking. 
To say he’s handsome is an understatement. This guy is simply gorgeous and captivating. If Mandy saw him, she would stamp him as her future boyfriend immediately, like that Zac Elliot she keeps going on about. 
I think back to my mysterious Phantom guy, the one who kissed me that night of the festival. I wouldn’t mind if this guy is him. I would even let him steal another kiss. 
Wait! What am I thinking?
“I’m sorry, young man. My granddaughter can be a little discriminating sometimes. Forgive her.” I hear Gigi apologize to him.
“It’s fine, Nancy.” He smiles. Then his attention turns to me. 
Somehow I feel quite exposed with him staring intensely at me like that, making me feel uncomfortable in my own skin. I subconsciously pull on my sleeve to cover up my wrist and let my hair cover my forehead a bit more, an action I always do when I’m uncomfortable.
I admit he takes my breath away, what with his blackish disheveled hair in his eyes and his tall, lean body that looks like he’s just jumped out of a Calvin Klein poster, despite the crutches and white cast on his leg and all. I can’t help but keep stealing quick peeks at him underneath my lashes. Then I realize I’m simply behaving in an odd way. This guy, despite his superior genes, is still a total stranger, and strangers should never be trusted. So I harden my heart a bit more, willing it not to beat too loudly just because this hot guy is standing here.
“What’s your name?” he asks.
I don’t respond because I think he’s still talking to Gigi, but then he repeats his question. I look up and answer him.
“Ivy.”
“Umm. Ivy,” he says, like he’s caressing my name with his tongue. 
Despite trying to look unaffected, I can still feel my cheeks growing warmer. 
“Tell your Aunt Vivi to make sure she finds all her evidence and has witnesses available for testifying before accusing people of a crime. Could you do that for me?”
Even though he’s talking to Moon, that last sentence is directed at me. 
“Mmm.” Moon bobs her head up and down, drawing his attention back to her. 
He straightens, gives Moon another ruffle on her head, thanks Gigi again, then turns to me, giving me another of his mysterious looks before hobbling away and exiting the hospital. My heart doesn’t stop racing until I get home. 
When I arrive, I get a call from the PHST program at the hospital, which Mandy advised me to enroll in, a great distraction that I welcome with open arms. At least I won’t be thinking about that guy, Zacky, and his intense and electrocuting stare.
The call informs me I’ve been accepted. I’m very happy. Now I can earn more money. This means I can put more into my savings account to go towards university for my law degree and save another portion aside for Gigi’s and Moon’s medical care. 
My new student is a recently released patient in need of extra help in algebra. 
Perfect. Just my field of expertise. 
The next day, I arrive in front of my student’s residence with feelings of trepidation and nervousness. My student lives on the eighth floor of a very posh building in the grand location of St. Clair, a very well-established area, overlooking the pristine St. Clair Beach. 
Hopping into the elevator, it’s only a short trip before the door dings open again. I step out, look for apartment number eight, and then freeze. My limbs won’t move, even when I demand them to. No matter how many times I tell my heart to stop the thrashing sound against my ribcage, it won’t.
No. I can do this. My first home tutoring job. I’m stepping towards the future, towards a life without regret. 
My heartbeat gradually slows. Taking another deep breath, I knock on the door. A second later, the door opens to reveal a Mediterranean middle-age-looking lady. She smiles at me.
“Hi. My name is Ivy. I’m here to tutor someone named Zachary,” I tell her.
“Hm. Master is inside,” she says politely, letting me in. “I will go get him. You are welcome to wait in the study.”
She leads me into the study, then goes out again to look for Zachary. 
Having nothing to do but wait for my student to appear, I wander around the room, looking at all the ornaments on display. 
I conclude that whoever owns this apartment must be wealthy. Firstly, there are lots of trophies in the shape of golf balls. It’s like a shrine. I’ve never played golf before, but from what I’ve heard, anyone who plays golf could be considered rich. 
Moving along, I find another shrine, this time of sheet music. Many lie scattered around on the table. I pick one up, looking at all the swirly lines and weird symbols. Suddenly, my eyes catch sight of a guitar case, partially opened to reveal the instrument inside. 
It is a beautiful guitar made of golden wood. I feel the grain underneath my fingers. It feels very smooth, like soft silk, but cool, like an ice block. 
Something else suddenly catches my eyes, tucked between the guitar strings. I pull it out. It’s a picture of a guy in a Phantom mask and black attire. 
I move the picture closer to my eyes. My heart beats faster and faster as I remember that mask and that black attire. It’s him, the guy who stole my first kiss, the guy I wanted to identify. 
Before I can think of anything else, the door suddenly bursts open, freezing me in my spot. I can’t move. I can’t even turn around to look at the person entering. My feet just won’t obey me.
Because I don’t turn around, that person starts moving towards me. I hear clicks, like sticks hitting the floor.
“Sorry, I was busy in the loo. I’m Zac. Nice to meet you.” 
That voice again! Is this my imagination? Surely everyone doesn’t sound the same in this part of the island.
I eventually turn around and—
I’m in shock. My cheeks grow warm and my heart jumps so fast I’m thinking I’m having a heart attack. I can’t speak. The only thing I can do is to stare at him and blink, because standing there right before my eyes is the one guy who I accused of stealing Gigi’s money at the hospital. 
But how can this be? The guy who kissed me, he was so sweet. He helped me out of the crowd. But this guy, he  embarrassed me in front of my family. 
There’s a twinkle in his emerald-green eyes, and because I’m in so much shock that no words can pass my lips, he speaks instead. “Aha. So Romeo finally meets Juliet again.” 
There’s no denying it this time. This guy is definitely the one that kissed me that night. 

CHAPTER FIVE

ZAC

My Tutor Juliet


“Zac, your algebra tutor is here.”
“Jesus!” I startle, almost flipping over my seat from Catalina’s sudden intrusion. 
“Sorry, Zac. Away with the music fairies again?”
“Yeah.” I lie. I don’t want to tell her I’m freaked out right now about this new tutor of mine. 
Will my tutor kill me if she knows how bad I am at algebra?
“I put her in the study,” Catalina says, then closes the door behind her.
I heave a sigh, feeling tired all of a sudden. I’m not looking forward to this. What the hell? I shake my head to dispel this negative thought. It’s either pass algebra or lose Elsa. 
I hobble myself out of my room. Just when I’m almost to the study, I have a sudden urge to pee. Damn, I hope my new tutor doesn’t mind waiting for a bit longer. 
All that thinking about my new tutor brings about a sudden ache in my heart. I’m not sure why, though, but it leads me to think about that girl named Ivy that bumped into me the other day. She was the Juliet I’ve been thinking about nonstop. 
I cursed myself at the time because, despite getting her name, I still don’t know anything else about her. She looks to be about my age, so I hope I’ll get to see her again at school. That is if she does go to Woodville High.
Hobbling back out of the bathroom, I head straight to the study. I’m not prepared to meet my new tutor. Really, she must be some lousy old university student from somewhere. I mean, who else would excel in algebra but the ones who’ve already graduated from high school. And the name Miss Hamilton, that just sounds so ancient.
Yanking open the door, I think I put too much force into it and the loud squeaky sound startles my tutor. Her back stiffens. 
I take back my thoughts. There’s nothing old about Miss Hamilton. She looks small and delicate, with soft brown curls pulled into a ponytail atop her head. 
I smile and hobble over to her. She still has her back to me. I clear my throat, then explain my lateness. “Sorry, I was busy in the loo. I’m Zac. Nice to meet you.” 
She turns around then and, my God, but I suck in my breath again. The power of the universe is one amazing entity. When one thinks of something, it comes to you. What are the odds of me seeing this girl again? Absolutely none, yet we defy the odds and meet each other for the third time in the span of a few days. 
When I see her holding the photo Loki took of me in that Phantom mask on the night of the music festival, I know for sure she must’ve guessed my identity. So I hint at her with my brilliant dashing grin and say, “Aha. So Romeo finally meets Juliet again.” That’s the line I whispered to her after I kissed her on that night.
Her eyes are staring straight at me, and subconsciously, she bites her lower lip, and I know then she must remember me, but she doesn’t seem to react any further. I decide to play along, feigning ignorance of the fact that we’ve kissed.
“You’re my new algebra tutor?” I ask with my fake innocence.
She seems to lose her wit a bit. But with the clearing of her throat, she says, “My name is Ivy Hamilton. I’m here as your algebra tutor. Nice to meet you, Zachery.
“Just call me Zac,” I say, grinning back at her, leading the way with my crutches. “The name is Zac Elliot, lead singer of Apollo, the rock band that’s very famous at Woodville High. Have you heard of me?” 
I can’t help but want to boast of my famous status, which comes as a surprise to me because I don’t like to show off my talent, especially to girls. But somehow with this girl, Ivy, she makes me want to show off my good qualities.
“No,” she says simply, cutting it short and simple and all the way to my bones too. 
Ouch! That kind of hurt. 
I know I’m not into the whole lovely face thing, but this feels like I’m losing face. So I want to take revenge, maybe just a little teasing, just to get back at her for hurting my ego. I smile, leading her to the desk, a plan prominent in my head.
“Right. I’m all ready to learn.” I square my shoulders and sit down right beside her. In fact, I’m almost glued to her side. 
“Can you tell me which areas of algebra you need help with?” she asks uncomfortably, moving her chair an inch away from mine.
I love this reaction.
“The whole lot,” I say, moving my chair an inch towards her again. “I failed my year-eleven test.” 
“Well, shall we start with the basics?” She stands to sit across the table from me. I hide a grin, knowing she’s affected by my presence. Once all comfortable, she says, “You know about the simple equations and simultaneous equations?”
“I know about them, but I can’t seem to solve them. All of those X’s and Y’s,” I tell her. “And especially when the XX and the XY are together in one equation.” 
“That’s fine. We’ll start with that,” she comments with a straight face, ignoring my connotation. “If you can organize and gather your pens and papers, we shall start.” 
I hide another grin. When is she going to admit I’m the one that kissed her? Clearly, we both know of that fact, but we’re both too scared to admit it to one another. Well, I’m scared anyway. Plus, I’m too embarrassed. I wonder if she gets the hint. Maybe I should find another tactic. She’s not reacting to any of my suggestions at all. 
Ivy places her pens and paper on the table in front of me. Then she goes to rummage through some more stuff in her bag. Seeing the pens and paper on the table, an idea pops into my head. 
“Oh!” I pretend to shout with a jolt. 
She looks up at me in surprise. “What’s wrong?”
“Why did you leave your pens out? You’re not scared someone might steal them?” 
I’m referring to the time she accused me of stealing her grandma’s money. She seems to know what I’m referring to because her cheeks instantly blush pink, but she puts on a scold instantly before returning to her rummaging. 
“Want some tea?” I suggest when I don’t get the desired response from her. “You might get thirsty after all the explaining.” 
“No thanks,” she answers and starts opening the textbook she took out of her bag.
“Come on,” I say, urging her with a mischievous grin on my face as another idea brews in my head. “I didn’t steal this tea. My dad got it from China when he went over for his conference.”
I see her breathing heavily as if she’s trying to suppress her anger. I just want to laugh. It’s so funny seeing her frustrated like this. She gives me a death glare and turns back to her work. 
I really want to listen to what she’s saying about the X and Y, but my mind just goes off on a tangent. Whenever she moves her lips or opens her mouth to speak, it just reminds me of that kiss, and I can’t help but keep staring at them. When I see her biting her lips, I know she must be thinking of the night we kissed too. 
Whether she’s pretending she doesn’t remember me in that mask, I decide to grab the bull by the horns and go for the kill. There’s no point in beating around the bush when it’s clearly not working. It’s best to go for the direct approach. So I ask, “Have you ever been kissed?” 
Ivy, who can’t seems to stop biting her lips between explanations, suddenly stops and screeches off her chair. She stands up to her full height, staring at me with her fiery chestnut eyes.
“Zac, if you keep on going like this, I won’t be able to teach you.” 
I only give her a sly smile. “Are you intimidated or something? It’s a simple question. I just asked if you’ve ever been kissed?”
“How is that related to algebra?”
“Nothing. Just curious.”
“Well, if you’re curious about algebra even a little bit, you would’ve passed your algebra test already.”
“Well, letters and numbers aren’t my forte, but lips are something else.”
My answer only makes Ivy grind her lips even more, and without telling me what she’s doing, she gets up, grabs her bag, and stalks to the door. 
Oh shit! I think I’ve gone too far.
“Okay, okay. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I was only trying to break the tension. You seem so tense.”
“I’m not tense. I’m only doing my job as your tutor,” she tells me calmly. But I know inside she must be boiling. I think I did go a bit overboard there with my teasing.
“Fine. We got off on the wrong foot. Let’s start over. My name is Zac Elliot. I need help in algebra. Thanks so much, Miss Hamilton, for tutoring me.” 
I hold out my hand, ready for a handshake. 
Oh, please, say you’ll forgive me.
She looks at my extended hand like it’s a lethal weapon. Eventually, she takes it and shakes. 
Wow, it feels so nice and warm. Did I mention soft too? 
I actually want to hold that hand a bit longer, so instead of letting it go, I hold on to it. My hand must be sweaty because Ivy instantly yanks hers away. 
“Sorry.” I apologize and give her my best goofy smile. 
“Let… let’s get back to algebra,” she says, looking nervous all of a sudden. 
She takes her seat opposite mine again. I don’t want to intrude on her explanation, but I really can’t see what she’s doing on that side of the table. All the numbers and letters are upside down. 
I stand up and hobble over to her side. I take out a chair and sit beside her. But this time I make sure I leave breathing room for her. She gives me one of her weird looks again. 
Before she has the chance to speak, I say in my own defense, “I can’t see what you’re writing. It’s easier this way. I can see all the equations.” 
She seems happy with that answer. 
From that point on, we’re like little bunnies with tails up in the air while our heads are almost plastered to the table, nibbling on carrot sticks. Except these two bunnies are nibbling at algebra. 
Our lesson ends on a good note. Ivy immediately starts packing her bag. I don’t want her to leave just yet. It’s fun having her around. 
Maybe I can make up some excuse so she can stay a bit longer. 
“My dad said that if I don’t pass algebra, he’s going to take Elsa away from me.” I start telling her my true reason for learning algebra. That grabs her attention.
“Elsa?” she asks. 
Yeah, I think I got her attention all right, what with that shocked look on her face and the disappointed expression in her eyes. 
I’m not sure why she’s disappointed, though. It’s not like Elsa belongs to her. Maybe she feels sorry for me.
“Yeah. I’ll show you.” I hobble to my guitar case and take out Elsa. “Ivy, meet Elsa.”
Ivy stares at me for a long time. I can feel my cheeks burning. Then she turns to stare at my guitar. This goes on for a full minute, until finally she says, “So Elsa is your guitar, not your…” 
Wait! Let me get this straight. Did she think Elsa is my girlfriend? 
I laugh when I think about this. “What? You thought Elsa is my girlfriend?” 
I think I have the answer right because she just blushes again. 
Ivy’s the type of girl that doesn’t need a blusher. Her cheeks color in response to any word I say. And right now, I really like the rosy color on her face. And I want to keep it that way too. So I say, “Just so you know, I’ve only had my kiss stolen once. It was when I was wearing this mask at the school festival.”
I show her the photo hidden in the strings of the guitar. 
She blushes again, nods her head, bites her lips, and looks away. I know then she must know it was me, but she still won’t admit it. Damn, that stubborn girl. 
Some time later, she asks, “You named your guitar Elsa?”
“Yeah. Silly aren’t I?”
Don’t ask me why I named my guitar Elsa. Maybe it’s the two-syllable thing. I like names with two syllables. That reminds me. Ivy has two syllables.
I abruptly shove the thought to the back of my mind, scared of this revelation. 
“No, not silly at all,” Ivy says. “It’s a beautiful instrument. I’ve always been fascinated with music. But unfortunately, I’m not gifted enough with instruments.” 
Her fingers caressing the strings softly as she speaks. It would be nice if those fingers were to run across my lips and jaw too. 
What the hell? What has gotten into me? One kiss from her and I want her to touch my lips and jaw?
I shake my head out of the thick cloud. 
“Yeah, well, music isn’t going to feed you. That’s what Mum always says. So I don’t know whether I should pursue music or not. I love it dearly, though.” 
I don’t know why I’m telling her all my hopes and dreams. It’s so weird. But I find being with Ivy really soothes me, like she’s a calm stream, cool to the touch, supporting me from below, and I’m floating above her pristine blue water.
Shit! Now I’m being all sentimental. 
“That’s not true. One should always follow one’s dream. I believe you will never be happy unless you do something you love. I think if you like music so much, what’s stopping you from pursuing a career in that field?”
“Well, it’s not easy being a musician.”
“You’re already in a band. What’s so hard about it?”
“Yeah, but we’re not famous outside of school. No one knows about us.”
“Yet,” Ivy says. She smiles. And my heart kind of melts. 
Shit, I’m in deep now.
“No one knows about you yet. You just got to let them know you exist.”
“Well, it’s not that easy,” I argue. 
Why are we talking about my hopes and dreams? I don’t feel comfortable with this subject.
“Who says hopes and dreams are easy to accomplish. If Thomas Edison didn’t try for the thousandth time, the light bulb wouldn’t exist, would it? And if Alexander Graham Bell didn’t try so many times, we wouldn’t be able to speak to each other through the telephone.”
It takes me only a second to fully appreciate what Ivy’s trying to tell me. I can see bright light shining at the end of my high school years. 
Yeah, it looks bright all right. I know what I want to do, and with Dad’s support… and Ivy’s, I’m sure I can do anything.
“You really think so,” I ask for reassurance.
“I don’t just think so. I know so,” she jokes. 
Ivy only shows her generous face for a split second before her guard is up again. Now she stands looking at me with a scold on her face. 
I only shake my head and laugh. This girl has many expressions hidden in her bonnet, and I bet she doesn’t like to show her sunny side to anyone. 
One day I hope she’ll show them all to me.
****
Ivy looks nice in her purple cardigan today. Somehow her hair is neater looking too. She looks pretty. 
My mind and eyes are not focusing as she’s explaining. I’m too busy thinking and looking at her. Luckily, the lesson flies by. Just to make sure she doesn’t ask any questions, though, since I won’t be able to answer her anyway, I distract her by bringing Elsa over. Her eyes glaze with excitement immediately.
“I’m going to play you a song,” I tell her.
She smiles and closes her eyes. 
The whole atmosphere transforms into one of wonder. I feel at peace, yet my heart is also racing. I don’t know why. 
“I’ll be leaving now,” she says when I finish my song. “Don’t forget to do that homework I gave to you.”
I nod and accompany her to the door. 
“Thanks for today. I learned a lot. I’ll be waiting with tea.”
She smiles back at me. Suddenly, the door yanks from the other side, almost knocking her over. Luckily, I catch her in time. She falls into my arms, and I end up circling her waist.
Wow, this is intimate. 
She looks up at me. Her brown eyes aren’t boring to look at at all. They’re the color of chestnuts. They’re so mesmerizing that I feel like I’m stuck in a trance. 
Seriously, this girl is gorgeous. Why didn’t I see this before?
We look into each other’s eyes like this for some moment when someone at the door slurs out like a drunken fool, “Wow, she’s a hot one.” 
I snap out of my trance and turn to stare at the intruder.
Shit! What’s he doing here?
That intruder just happens to be my older half-brother Dillon. He’s like a virus, always appearing in places he’s not invited. 
I turn back to look at Ivy and her face turns pale. She clings to my shirt. I can feel her fingers digging into my skin.
Something isn’t right. I can feel the tension in the room. 
“Hey, you okay?” I ask in concern. 
Ivy just keeps shaking. I’m really worried now. By this stage, Ivy’s safety is my main concern. So I tug her behind me to protect her from Dillon. 
“Would you be careful when you open the door? You might hurt someone here.” 
Dillon doesn’t bother replying. He’s too busy making eyes at Ivy. I shift my body a bit more to hide her behind my frame. 
“She’s your girlfriend?” Dillon asks. 
“Get off it, Dillon. Just go inside. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Okay, little brother. And good job, by the way.” He laughs, slaps my shoulder, and disappears inside. 
Finally!
I turn to Ivy. “Sorry about that. My brother can sometimes be like that.”
She looks at me fiercely, like she’s angry with me or something. She tears herself off me, then says, “I’m going home now.”
I don’t like this change of atmosphere. We were friends before, and now she acts all frosty. I try lighting up the mood by chuckling. It sounds a bit strained even to my ears. “Okay. Thanks for today. I’ll see you in two days time, then.” 
I have a hollow feeling inside me when I say this. But I ignore it. I hobble back inside once Ivy’s out of my sight. 
“Hello, little brother,” Dillon says by way of greeting. Then he crashes on my couch. 
If he breaks my couch, he’s going to pay.
“Heard you were stupid enough to run into a tree and break your leg. Guess now you can practice on your damn music for months.”
I don’t reply to him. Instead, I just buy myself time, waiting for him to get the hell out of my apartment. His cigarette smell really stinks up my whole place. My nose twitches just being this close to him. 
“Nice apartment you got here,” he says, glancing around. “Did Dad decide to splash all that money on you?”
“Zac, who is it?” Catalina calls out from the kitchen when she hears Dillon’s voice.
“And who might that be?” Dillon’s eyes light up with malicious delight, shooting straight towards the kitchen. 
I really dislike his eyes. They’re so red, like he’s always hung over. I bet it’s due to his binge drinking and pot smoking. 
“My brother, Catalina,” I shout back, hoping she won’t come in to investigate. Except she damn does. 
Catalina comes into the lounge, takes one look at Dillon, gives him a smile that doesn’t quite reach her eyes, and then goes straight back to work.
Catalina knows of Dillon’s flirtatious nature, so she’s not too fond of him. She’s always keeping a wary eye on him, telling me not to follow in his footsteps.
“A good-for-nothing that boy is.” She often expresses her opinion to me.
I hate to admit this of one’s sibling, but I’m not too fond of him either. He hardly visits, and if he does, he comes barging in uninvited. 
I go to grab my stuff from the study and sit in the lounge, ready to start on the homework Ivy gave me, completely ignoring him.
“Did you hear what I said, dumb head?” 
Dillon comes and takes my homework while I’m busy writing my equation.
“Shit. You’re doing elementary math,” he criticizes.
A fuse blows inside me. 
One more word out of him and I swear I’ll hit him. 
“What do you want anyway?” I ask when he continues to hang around the room. 
“Can’t I visit you?”
“Just do whatever you want. I’m busy.”
“Busy plotting a plan to shackle her?”
“Dillon!” 
I can’t believe this. How can Mum tolerate this kind of behavior? I’m so glad I’m not living with him. 
“Okay, fine, fine. Don’t get all pissy with me, lover boy. I’m famished. Get me a Coke or something.”
I’m about to snap my pencil in half. “Do it yourself.”
“I’ll call on that old lady, then.”
“No, Dillon.” I stand up and tell him off. “You want to drink it, you get it yourself.”
“Fine.” Dillon goes and raids the fridge. The poor thing will be traumatized once Dillon has his hands on it. 
“Fuck, Zac,” he shouts, his head still in the fridge.
Catalina gives him an angry glare. Dillon raises his hands in surrender. “Sorry, amigo.”
I can only shake my head at this idiotic man that happens to be my half-brother. I want to tell him Catalina is Italian, not Spanish, but the swear really got to me. I don’t abide anyone swearing in my house. Shit is fine, but not fuck.
“Don’t swear in my house.” 
“Ooooo. Since when has the little bad boy Zachery turned into a saint?” He hits me on the head with the icy can of Coke in his hand.
“Just leave, will you. If you have nothing to do or say here, then just leave.”
“Fine, stupid head. Just checking up to see how much of a shithead you’ve grown up to be. And I’m right. You really have turned into an asshole. See ya later, loser.”
“Same to you,” I sarcastically lash out. 
I heave a sigh of relief when he disappears through the exit door. Dropping my homework, I go into the kitchen and apologize Catalina. 
“You don’t follow his footsteps, Zac.” Catalina hugs me.
“Yeah, Catalina. I know.”
That night, I practice on Elsa a bit more. When tiredness almost robs me of my sleep, I decide to call it a day and slip into bed. 
Overall, it was a fun day. But why I can’t seem to stop thinking about Ivy and how upset and angry she was really surprises me. And with that thought plaguing my mind, I fall asleep.

CHAPTER SIX

IVY

The Faceless Truth

He really is a handsome guy. His face, it’s so flawless. Shouldn’t we teenagers have acne? 
I can’t help but keep praising him as I stare into his eyes and assess his face. At the moment, he’s holding on to me tight because the door suddenly opened, startling me so much that I ended up falling into his arms. 
His eyes are still grazing my every feature, touching me, caressing me, giving me the feeling I’m the most important object in the room. 
I flush and bite on my lip again, feeling shy at the close contact between us. Seeing my cheeks redden, he starts his teasing game again. 
Zac has been constantly teasing me, throwing his witty phrases at me from left and right. I can’t dodge anymore. 
I’ve now come to realize I actually look forward to our tutoring sessions. Today, I have on a nice purple cardigan with long sleeves, the one I only wear on special occasions. I’m not sure why I decided to wear it today, but now that I think about it, I thought I would look pretty in his eyes. 
And I hope right now he’s thinking the same. 
“Oh, she’s a hot one,” someone speaks. Like a bucket of icy cold water being dumped over me, my senses come back and I turn to that voice. 
I freeze and my body starts shaking. I feel sick to my stomach. 
He’s back. My nightmare, my horrifying nightmare is back. 
Staring right back at me are those bloodshot weed-green eyes, so similar to Zac’s yet so ugly. This is the face of the man that crashed into my parents’ car, causing their and my brother’s deaths. 
I go pale and grip Zac’s shirt. Zac, noticing I’m scared, pulls me to hide behind him. The next few words exchanged between the two fire me up and make me go rigid.
“Get off it, Dillon. Just go inside. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Okay, little brother. And good job by the way,” the man says, and then he gives me another lecherous stare and goes inside. 
Zac turns to me then. “Sorry about that. My brother can sometimes be like that.”
I stare at him fiercely. Inside, I’m boiling with rage and pain. Zac’s brother is that killer. The one that makes me want to seek justice by studying law. 
I tear myself from his protective embrace and state firmly, “I’m going home now.”
Zac’s still his usual jovial self. How can he be affected like me anyway? He’s not the one who just came face to face with a killer who didn’t even get punished. If it comes down to it, he would probably side with his brother. 
I don’t listen to him when he waves at me and says, “Okay. Thanks for today. I’ll see you in two days time, then.” 
I’m too consumed with my anger and pain that I go to hide behind a wall instead. Once he’s out of my sight, I grip my chest. 
It hurts. It really hurts. My heart simply shatters. 
The memories, they’re all coming back to me now. The rain. The blaring bright lights. The sounds of screeching tires. The crash. My parents and my brother all aligned in their caskets. All dead. All gone. Just me, Clare, Moon, and Gigi. 
Subconsciously, I touch my forehead. There’s a scar running into my hairline. I pull up the sleeve of my purple cardigan next to reveal the many scars aligning the length of my left arm where the bones on my forearm broke. They are ugly-looking scars. Seeing them only reminds me of the nightmare I’m trying to forget. That’s why I always wear long-sleeved tops and have a fringe so it covers my forehead. If people were to see the scars on my forehead or my arms, it would only invite them to pry into my affairs, asking me countless questions about how I got my scars. To answer would only bring me pain, and I don’t want to experience that pain ever again. I want to forget it all.
My thoughts return to Zac. I thought I had a crush on him and might have liked him a bit since he’s the one who stole my first kiss. He was even kind enough to show me Elsa, his guitar. I know he must have felt embarrassed naming his guitar Elsa, but he showed it to me anyway. At least I mean something to him, right?
Who am I joking? I’m simply dreaming. Zac is the brother of Dillon Elliot, the guy who took away my parents and brother.
Dillon Elliot. Zac Elliot. Why didn’t I notice the resemblance in the color of their eyes or their last name? Weed-green eyes, emerald-green eyes. What’s the difference? They’re both green.
I shake myself, tears of pain streaming down my face. After some painful crying and reliving that nightmare again, I wander back home. It’s getting dark. Gigi and Clare must be worried sick. 
Moon comes running to me the minute I walk inside the house in my zombie-like state.
“Vivi? What’s wrong? Why are you sad?” she instantly asks me with just one look at my face.
Children seem to have an instinctual awareness.
“I’m not sad,” I say to her weakly, dropping her a kiss on the forehead and grabbing myself a glass of water from the kitchen. “Just tired, that’s all.” 
Moon follows me into the kitchen. Clare and Gigi are cooking. I force a smile at them. Gigi is the first to speak. “How’s your new job? Did your student behave?”
“It was okay. My student behaved,” I tell her.
“Just remember if you don’t like the job, quit anytime. I’m here to support you.” That comes from Clare.
It’s very touching that Clare cares for me, but I want to earn my own money for university. I don’t want to rely on her forever.
“I know, but I want to save up to go to university,” I tell her.
“I have that fund all sorted for you, Ivy,” she says, her hand still cutting up vegetables. 
Gigi’s over her pot of stew. From the aroma that hangs in the kitchen, I guess it must be pasta tonight.
“I know. But I want to earn my own money. Thanks for your support, though.”
“If only Brian were here, you wouldn’t have to take that tutoring job.”
There she goes again, bringing up the past. I don’t mind her saying it, but not in front of Moon like this. So instead of answering like I usually do, I gesture to Moon, telling her to follow me.
She holds out her little hand and together we go back into the lounge. I slump on the couch and close my eyes. I can feel a little depression in the cushion next to me. I turn to Moon, open my eyes, and ask, “Have you taken your insulin shot yet?” 
“Not yet. Mommy said we won’t be eating for another half hour since you weren’t here yet.”
“We should be eating soon,” I say tiredly, then lift her and carry her on my waist to her room. “Come on. I’ll help you today.”
“Yes, please, Vivi. Thank you,” Moon says, giving me a peck on my cheek.
In her bedroom, I take out her insulin injection kit and, lifting her shirt, I give her a shot in her abdomen.
She closes her eyes and holds her fist tight.
“Did it hurt?” I ask her once I’ve finished. 
“No,” she says with her eyes still closed. 
I have tears in my eyes. How brave my little niece is. I hug her and she hugs me back. Together we stay like this until Moon starts speaking again. 
“Don’t cry, Vivi.” 
Her statement surprises me. I’m not aware I’m crying.
Moon wipes the tears from my eyes and says, “It hurts a little when you push the needle in, but not all that much. I’m used to it now. It’s all in the past, so stop crying. Talking about it will only make me think about the pain. And it hurts when I think about the pain.”
I cry even harder, my shoulders trembling as I hug her small frame. 
Moon, my innocent little niece, is right. Everything is all in the past now. I should try to forget about everything that happened. To think about it would only cause me pain. And I want to protect her from this pain. I want to start a new life. I don’t want to be bound by my past anymore. I want to look toward the future and start on a fresh path. Moon will not be affected by the event that took place five years ago. I must think of her. I have to make sure of that.
Moon lifts my spirits after that. Eating dinner that night, my mood improves, and I go to bed thinking about Zac until I fall asleep. 
I have a strange dream of Zac and me in the school park filled with yellow daisies. I’m lying on his lap with my eyes closed, listening to the soft gentle whispers of the wind, singing in tune with the golden bells of our school not too far in the distance. The bell dings and dings, like a melody of a wedding song. The cool spring breeze blows softly against my skin. A soft petal-like object gently brushes against my cheek. 
I open my eyes and see Zac holding a red rose, smiling radiantly at me. The afternoon light creates a majestic halo around his head. At that moment, he looks like an angel descended from heaven. He gazes down at me from above, his emerald-green eyes so soft and intense that it tugs at my heartstrings. He leans in towards me and kisses me gently on my lips, slowly at first, taking his time to meld the soft texture of our lips together before sealing them completely. 
Our lips are still sealed when the dream becomes fuzzy and I find myself on the balcony, kissing him. This is a forbidden kiss, I know, just like the story of Romeo and Juliet, because I can sense the pain and sorrow in that second kiss, a type of urgency and fiery passion, like that of dynamite firing off into the sky. 

***

When the bell rings the next morning while I’m sitting in class, I realize I’m still thinking about that dream. Mandy has to shout in my ears to wake me up. I jolt awake and stare at her blankly.
“Are you back yet?” Mandy yells at me again.
“Mmmm? Yeah.” I nod, then stare blankly again.
“It’s lunchtime. What are you doing still sitting here? Let’s go eat.” She drags me to the cafeteria where many students are lined up to buy lunch. 
“I packed my lunch. I’ll go wait at our usual seat,” I tell her and make my way to our table in the corner. 
“Sure.” 
A little while later, Mandy comes back with a package of rice rolls and an orange juice. “Want some?” she asks.
“No thanks,” I respond.
Mandy seems to take no offense by my refusal since she doesn’t press on the subject any further, but starts to munch on her rice roll instead. Usually, she would nag me until I gave in and had a taste of whatever it is she bought. 
Mandy seems to enjoy her lunch as she munches on and on, while I am in deep thought. I don’t get to touch any of my food in my lunchbox. 
I’m supposed to meet Zac tomorrow for another of our tutoring lessons. I want to see him again, but I don’t want to associate with anyone who’s related to that man. If Gigi and Clare find out, everything will turn to chaos. Clare’s vengeance would come back, and Gigi would fall back into despair. There’s only one thing I can do. I must stop tutoring Zac. With that thought in my mind, I turn to Mandy.
“Mandy?” 
“Mmmm?” she answers with a mouth full of rice roll. 
“Can you do me a huge favor?” 
After swallowing the lump, she smiles and says, “Anything for you, Ivy.”

CHAPTER SEVEN

ZAC

My Right as a Student

What is taking her so long? I glance at the clock once, then twice. My hand constantly touches the tea I brewed, just in case it gets cold. Well, it’s lukewarm now. I guess I have to make a new pot when she arrives. 
I read somewhere once that chamomile tea helps calm you down. I take a sip. It doesn’t calm me. Instead, it makes me more anxious. 
Maybe she’s had an accident? 
That thought scares me, and now I’m even more nervous. I’m deeply concerned, mainly for her safety and for the fact I might not see her again until my leg is healed enough to attend school. 
I fidget in my chair, a hundred scenarios running through my head, mainly of Ivy’s body lying in the gutter somewhere. 
Well, I can’t really think of any good scenario when she’s this late. Plus, I’ve been influenced by all those horror movies I’ve watched with Kai. 
Suddenly, the doorbell rings. 
Must be Ivy.
I flounder out of the chair in my hurried state only to clumsily fall to the floor. 
Damn! I need my crutches.
I get back up and hobble to the door. Once there, I double-check myself in the mirror.
Damn, I look like a horrible drunk-ass kid. 
I comb my hair as neat as possible, tuck my shirt in to make myself look presentable, then check my breath. Two puffs, just to make sure I don’t smell of garlic.
That’s my breakfast in the morning. I love garlic bread.
Opening the door, I make sure I put on my beaming smile.
“Ivy, welcome—”
Who is this girl?
Standing before me isn’t Ivy, but some other girl I don’t know. 
A scowl immediately appears on my face. She, on the other hand, has the face of a fan girl. I know because I’m always surrounded by female fans. Her eyes are large, sort of like a goldfish with those thick glasses she’s wearing. She’s huffing and puffing like she can’t breathe. 
Is she one of those sales people? I hate these advertising companies. How low can they get now? Even use school kids to sell their stuff?
Sales girl with glasses is still huffing and puffing as I’m thinking this through. She takes out her inhaler and pulls in a few puffs. 
After regaining her breath, she squeals out, “Zac… Zac… Elliot? The lead singer of Apollo?”
“Yeah,” I confirm.
“You… you… don’t know me, even though we go to the same school, but I’m a huge fan of yours.”
I only nod. So she’s not a sales girl. Then what’s she doing at my apartment?
“And you are…?” I probe, trying to get this business out of the way. Maybe she’s a cookie seller.
“My… my… name is Mandy. Ivy’s busy, so from now on, I’m your new algebra tutor.”
“What?” I growl angrily. 
This is stupid. I want Ivy. I don’t want this goldfish with asthma.

****

I’m currently storming around, or hobbling around in my case, like an idiot, looking for Ivy. Mandy said she’s here in the public library, so here I am. Thanks to Kai, I was dropped off here. And now, with my temper flaring like a bull, I swamp the whole place with my loud presence. 
“Ivy! Ivy!” I shout loudly the minute I step foot inside the building.
As soon as my loud voice echoes against the stone wall, the patrons in the library drop what they’re doing and stare, gaping at me for a full minute. 
I know I may look like some lunatic on the loose, but I don’t care what people are thinking. My mission is to find Ivy. I’m up to my eyeballs in rage. This has to be sorted out or I will not go home. 
How can she treat me like this, sending in another girl to teach me like I have no say in the matter? What’s she doing that’s so important? Am I really that bad at algebra that she’s dropping me? 
Deep down, I know I’m behaving this way because I’m scared. I know I said before I want to pass algebra because I want to keep Elsa, but now the idea of not seeing Ivy’s face again scares me more. 
Finally, Ivy arrives out of nowhere to shut me up. 
“Zac!” She half leads, half drags me away from the center until we reach an isolated spot among the nonfiction books. “What are you doing here?” she whispers harshly. 
What’s wrong with her? Why is she using that tone of voice with me? 
I think I lose a good three inches from my height. I feel as small as a five-year-old. 
“Why didn’t you come as promised?” I mumble in reply. “You said you’d come today. I waited for you. I even brewed chamomile tea so we could relax and study together. I’ve even done the homework you gave me. So why didn’t you come?”
“I sent Mandy,” she says quietly.
“I’m not talking about Mandy.”
“Mandy’s excellent. She has the highest grades in the class. She even surpassed me. You didn’t see her there?”
“I’m not asking about Mandy. I’m asking why you didn’t go as promised.” 
She’s quiet for another second.
What’s wrong? Speak to me? 
At this point, I’m not sure whether I should be feeling mad, scared, or frustrated. All I want is an explanation.
“Ivy,” I prompt.
She looks up at me then. “Mandy really excels in algebra. She’s even better than me as a teacher. She has more experience. She’ll be a good tutor for you.”
I grit my teeth. What is she trying to do? Why is she constantly talking about Mandy? I just want to shake her.
“For the final time, I’m not asking about Mandy. I’m not interested if she’s aced all her algebra tests or gets better grades than you or has more experience in tutoring than you. My question is why didn’t you come as promised?”
“Why does it matter who comes? We both tutor algebra. You’ll get the same result.” She lashes out at me. 
“It matters because…”
She stares at me, waiting for my reply. I stare at her, unsure. It’s like a staring competition. Neither of us can take our eyes off each other. 
Suddenly, I feel my heart beating faster. And it’s getting louder. There’s tension in the air. It’s so thick, like a heavy fog has landed around us, blocking us from everyone else.
“Because…” I croak out again. 
My throat is going dry. Someone give me a drink of water, please. 
“Because…?” she asks.
“Because…” Because of what, you dumbass? Seriously, I don’t know. I don’t have an answer. So I keep my mouth shut and just stare at her. 
I see her chestnut irises dilating when she looks at me. It’s such a beautiful color, and I admit I like it a lot. 
Somehow, though, I find myself feeling slightly embarrassed looking at those lovely eyes. I haven’t a clue why, though. But I know I can’t continue to gaze at those eyes longer, since my heart is threatening to burst out of my chest soon. So I shift my gaze to her hair. 
Her wavy brunette hair looks so soft and silky today. It isn’t in a ponytail like the last time I saw her. It hangs down over her shoulder in thick waves. And her fringe comes all the way down, partially covering one of her eyes. 
My fingers itch to run through those strands and clip them back behind her ear so I can see her eyes fully, but I restrain myself and fist them tight beside me.
Seeing her little pink tongue darting out to lick her lips, my eyes catch the action and they flick to that spot. Those ruby-red lips of hers look so plump and full. I suddenly remember our kiss—sweet, with a hint of crispy light honey, like a nice summer wine. For that split second, I have the urge to grab her and kiss her again.
Oh shit! I think I like her. I like Ivy. That’s why I’m acting like this. 
No, no. I shake my head, having an internal battle with myself. It’s just a crush, a small baby crush. I’ve never kissed any girl before, so it’s definitely because of that kiss. That’s why I’ve developed this baby crush on her. 
Ivy looks slightly worried. She nibbles her lower lip, then looks up at me. “I’m sorry, but I’ve realized I’m busy so I won’t be able to teach you from now on.” She nods, then turns and walks away, leaving me paralyzed by her explanation.
Explanation? That wasn’t even an explanation. She’s just making an excuse. I bet she has some hidden agenda. I’m going to get to the bottom of this. 
“I’m not done talking, Ivy. Are you even listening to me?” 
If I didn’t have these stupid crutches, I would catch her in less than a second flat. But all I can do at this moment is watch as she walks away. 
“Come back here, Ivy,” I hiss. When she doesn’t respond, I yell, “I’m not going to move away from this spot until you come back and talk to me.”
Okay, that last sentence worked. Ivy turns and stomps all the way back.
I plaster a grin on my face. 
“Wipe that smile off your face, Zac,” she scolds. 
I wipe the grin off and keep a straight face.
“I’ll tell you this. Wait for me if you want, but I will not let you interrupt my study session with my student. Don’t come and interfere. This is my private time. Do I make myself clear?” 
When I don’t respond, she storms away again.
This girl sure has a temper.
“Jesus!” I huff out in frustration and ruffle my hair. 
I hobble around the long aisle of the nonfiction books for a full three rounds, making loud random thumping noises with my crutches just to calm myself down. And when that doesn’t work, I let out a curse and sit down to wait in misery for Ivy to come back out. 
The other patrons who are busy reading all give me their evil stares again. 
So they want to tell me off? Well, too bad. I’ll get them first. 
“Get back to your reading or else…” That shuts them up and they timidly go back to their work. 
My eyes scan for Ivy again. I can see her with another guy, reading something. 
What are they doing?
I stare at Ivy the whole time. Just because she said I can’t interrupt her, that doesn’t mean I can’t stare at her. 
I have an evil thought in my head. If I can’t cause a disruption, then I’ll stare at her until she’s uncomfortable and will come back here to talk to me. 
With that plan settled in my head, I sit myself down at the nearest available chair and start with my staring game. 
A few times, she catches my eyes and glances away. 
See, I bet she’s feeling guilty about the whole thing. That’s why she can’t make eye contact with me. 
I suppose I’m so absorbed with my staring game that when someone slaps me on my shoulder, I almost jump out of my chair in fright. Not to mention my heart almost leaps out of my throat. 
“Hey, bro, calm down. It’s only me.” 
“Jesus, Kai, don’t play that kind of game here,” I growl when I see him behind me.
“But we always play this kind of game, bro. Me slapping you; you slapping me. It’s normal.”
“Yeah,” I sigh absently and turn back to Ivy. 
Her head is down now. It’s like they’re busy writing down some stuff. 
Wait, she’s talking to him now. Wait, that guy looks familiar. He looks like the one who got the top grade in our algebra class last year. 
I look at him again. God, I can’t think of his name right now. I know for sure he was in my class last year. 
I’m not comfortable with how close Ivy is sitting next to that four-eyed geek. In fact, they’re talking to each other again. 
This is starting to piss me off big time. Do they have a secret that can only be shared between them? 
What about me? 
I grit my teeth. If looks could kill, then that guy would’ve been a shriveled corpse by now, what with the way I’m sending him my laser beam death glare. 
“So, um… what’s up? What has you staring so intensely over there?”
“Nothing,” I reply sourly. 
Kai comes to sit next to me and turns to look from my vantage point. “So I didn’t know my best bud was into this kind of stuff.”
I turn to him, a suspicious look on my face. What’s in that head of his? 
“What stuff?” I ask.
“Voyeurism,” he says.
“Voyeurism?” This has me confused. “Jesus, Kai. You dirty head.” 
I flick his head with my finger. He’s really a dirty-minded perv. 
Kai only laughs. 
“Okay, sorry, sorry. But seriously, bro, what has you so interested over there that you need to stare at those two stud—hey… Wait. Isn’t that the girl you kissed at the festival and Samuel from our class?”
Samuel! 
Samuel, you four-eyed moron. Just wait until I see you alone. I’ll give you a taste of my fist.
“Yeah. Her name’s Ivy,” I tell Kai. “She’s also my home tutor.”
“You mean the one you’ve been telling me about. The one that’s teaching you algebra so you can ace Mrs. Dale’s algebra test this year?”
“Yeah.”
“Small world, bro. Who would have thought the girl you kissed would end up being your algebra tutor?” Kai bumps me on the shoulder. “Does she know you’re her hot, mysterious Phantom?”
“Yes.”
“So you guys talked about it, then?”
“No.”
“Why?”
“Because it’s embarrassing. Let’s just leave this subject. Okay?”
“Come on, just give me a little inside detail?”
Doesn’t this bastard know when to shut up?
“I said move on to the next subject, capisce?”
“Whatever, but why are you staring at them anyway?”
“I’m trying to petition for my right as a student.”
“Because?’
“I’ve been neglected.”
“So?”
“It’s not just so, Kai? It’s about standing my ground and knowing what’s right.” 
How can he not know about student rights? It’s mandatory. Every student has a right, just like citizens who live in our country.
“You can’t go and get a job and then neglect it after two sessions. It isn’t right,” I tell Kai, my eyes still fixed on Ivy and four-eyed Sam. 
“Hey, Zac, I understand how you feel, but the only ground I’m standing on right now is my stomach. I’m hungry like hell, bro, so let’s just get out of here.”
I don’t listen to Kai. My eyes are too absorbed by Ivy. 
“Look at her. She’s so into four-eyed Sam that she doesn’t even notice I’m still sitting here staring at her.”
“Zac, you’re talking to yourself.”
“Huh?”
Kai gives me a weird stare.
Why is everyone giving me weird stares today? 
When she finally looks up again, I catch her eyes and wiggle my eyebrow once, signaling to her that I win round one. She only shakes her head and twists her seat to the side so her back is now facing me. 
Damn!
“Zac? Hey, Zac? Are you even on Earth right now? Zac, bro, if I wasn’t that close to you, I would think you have a heavy crush on her.”
The word “crush” gets my attention. I twist my head so fast to glare at Kai that I almost pull my neck muscles in the process. 
I can’t have Kai knowing I like Ivy. Well, not yet anyway. Not when I’m not even sure myself. Who knows? This might be just a baby crush. So I lie to him.
“I don’t have a crush on her. It’s merely principle.”
“Still, I think your principle lies with Elsa or your band, not algebra.”
“Whatever.” 
Conversation over. Back to my staring contest. 
Knowing he can’t get my ass off the seat, Kai finally relents. 
I know he’s waiting for me to flush my so-called principle out of my system. He knows I never last long in anything. I have a short attention span, so he’s waiting for that ultimate moment when I give up. But he’s clearly mistaken. Today, I’m in for the long haul. I’m not going anywhere until Ivy decides to give up teaching that four-eyed goofball and come back to the handsome me.
After five minutes of Kai sitting down like a good monk, he starts reacting like he’s allergic to seafood. Not that he’s allergic to seafood; that’s just my comparison. He jumps up and down in his chair like a monkey whose ass needs scratching. He fidgets and twitches. Then finally, he smacks me on the shoulder when I don’t give him my attention. 
“That’s enough. I can’t take this anymore. I’m not a stone, bro. I need activity. Or else my brain cells will die.”
“Bro, your brain cells have already died, so stop complaining and sit back down. We can’t make too much noise here,” I warn. 
There’s no telling what these librarian ladies are capable of. They may look nice, but they can turn nasty in a split second if you don’t shut your mouth. 
“I’m not sitting. I can’t stand this. I’m really hungry.”
“Fine, go chew on a burger or something.” I throw him twenty bucks and wave him away. “Now go and leave me in peace. Capisce?”
“Seriously, man,” he reprimands but then pockets the cash.
What a good friend I have. Telling me off but taking my money anyway. 
“I say you seriously like her. Look at the way you’re eyeing her. It's like you’re jealous of Samuel or something. I’ve never seen you act like this before. It just feels abnormal.”
“Well, this is me being normal,” I tell him.
“You call this normal? You act like you own her or something. Like… um… what’s the word? You know… her boyfriend. A possessive boyfriend.”
“I am not her boyfriend,” I shout at him. How dare he accuse me?
My loud comment earns us a scold from the head librarian. I nod to show her I got the message. Keep quiet or leave.
“Well, you kissed her, didn’t you?” Kai whispers.
“Yeah, but that was a dare,” I whisper back.
“Still.”
“Kai, are you going to go or do I need to kick your ass?” I hiss. 
I’m starting to feel impatient again. Will he leave me in peace or do I have to kick him out? 
“Chill, bro.” He lays his hands out in surrender and moves backwards, then says before disappearing, “Just give me a call when you’re ready to move your butt off that seat.” 
I give a smile, shake my head at his teasing antics, then turn back to Ivy to scan for any signs of movement on her part.
Everything is normal. Breathing a sigh of disappointment, I pick up a book and resign to wait a bit longer. 
I’m so engrossed in this book about geography that I don’t even know how fast time flies by. By the time I finish it and look up, only four-eyed Sam is there. 
Ivy must be on her break. What a perfect opportunity.
Staggering up with the help of my crutches, I limp to where four-eyed Sam is sitting.
“Hey, you,” I call out.
“Oh, hey, Zac.” His face perks up the second he sees me. “How’s the leg?”
Is he stupid or just plain senseless? Can’t he see I need these things to get me around? Or maybe he’s just being a smartass. So I ignore his question and pull out my ultimate gun instead.
“Why is Ivy teaching you? I thought you were already good at algebra. You got an A for our test last year if I remembered right.”
“Yeah, well, I just want to get ahead, and since Ivy’s a year ahead of us, I thought I’d ask her for pointers. I want to become a mathematician like my…” 
Smartass, fully overloaded smartass. 
“…And you know. She is kind of cute, in her own reserved sort of way. So I thought I could get to know her a bit more.”
If it weren’t illegal to smack someone in the head with these wooden crutches, I would seriously think of doing just that. This four-eyed dude needs a lesson. You can’t use this tactic to get a girl. 
Wait, maybe you can. Isn’t that what I’m doing? Throwing a tantrum, having a staring contest, aren’t they all in the name of fighting for my student rights, when in fact they’re just façades for me to continue to see Ivy? 
It doesn’t matter, because in this case, Ivy is still wrong. She should’ve chosen me instead of this four-eyed Sam. Neglecting a real student who failed algebra for this lame brain that is already a genius in the field just doesn’t make sense. Unless she hates me, which doesn’t seem likely either because I’ve never done anything to hurt her in any way. Unless… unless…
Oh shit. Has she figured it out already? Does she know I’m her Phantom? Did she hate our kiss?
Oh damn, my brain is going into a blender. 
I growl out my frustration.
“Give me that book,” I snap, snatching the textbook Sam’s busy writing on. I leave him with his jaw gaping all the way to the floor and stalk back to my nest, waiting for Ivy to come collect her book. 
It’s not long before my plan works. I smile in glee as that voice floats to my ears.
“You stole Sam’s textbook.”
“So what if I did?” I glance up to see Ivy’s angry face. I want to chuckle in my satisfaction, but I think that’s going a bit too far. I’m not the evil guy here. Four-eyed Sam is.
“Why?” she asks, angry.
“Because you’re teaching him,” I accuse and stand up. 
I tell myself I’m not behaving like a nine-year-old throwing a tantrum because he doesn’t get his toy. I’m only doing this because I’m petitioning for my rights as a student. 
Ivy looks at me strangely for a minute, shakes her head. and then does the most peculiar thing. She giggles. 
Jesus help me, but she sounds so lovely when she laughs like that. Her face just totally transforms, lighting her beautiful chestnut eyes. She should laugh more often. 
Wait a minute…
Laugh? 
Damn! I think Kai’s right. This is no baby crush. I like this girl. I seriously like Ivy.
Like she doesn’t want me to witness her wearing more than the grouchy mask, she clears her throat and turns her eyes to me again, serious.
“Look. I’m really busy today. So please leave. You’re distracting my student.”
“Student?” I ask, aghast. “Your student is standing right here.” I point to myself to emphasize I’m her student. “I’m one of your students, Ivy. Shouldn’t I”—I even deliberately stretch out the word to make myself feel important—“have the rights of a student too? This student here has been neglected by her tutor. And so this tutor better take full responsibility and start delivering.”
“I’m sorry, Zac, but my schedule is really full. I don’t think I can teach you anymore. Please understand.”
“But I don’t understand.” 
That’s right. I don’t understand. All I want—no, need—is for Ivy to teach me. 
Here I go again. Another tantrum. 
“I’m sorry,” she says passively. “Just go home. There’s no use in you waiting for me here. I won’t be finished until late.”
“I don’t care. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Fine. Suit yourself,” she says, taking the textbook from my hand. She turns and disappears back to Sam. 
I’m pissed off. But all I can do is watch her go. My eyes catch sight of Sam’s. He’s smirking at me like a cat who’s stolen the cream.
God, I want to bang his head with my crutches.
I slump down in my little nest and wait it out. This time I’ll gain victory for sure. 
I idle my time away by reading random books about history and facts, stuff I’ve never known existed.
Did people really think the earth was flat?
Footsteps approach me. I glance up and see the head librarian smiling at me. I return the gesture.
“You should head home now. We’re closed.”
What?
I look around the library, and sure enough, there’s only me. The sky outside is already dark. How long have I been reading?
My face turns red as I come to the realization. 
Damn! She tricked me. And even left here without saying a word. 
Kai arrives the minute I snap my phone shut. He must have been hanging in the comics section, waiting for my call.
Sitting in the car, heading home, my mood is worse than Mount Vesuvius erupting. I’m not going to give up that easily. 
You want me to chase you, Juliet? Well, get ready to be chased because this Romeo isn’t going to stop until he gets you.

CHAPTER EIGHT

IVY

No Way Out

“I can’t believe cheese is so expensive here,” Clare complains when she carries the groceries home after having done the shopping with me. “A block of cheese is like a kilo of gold. 
I have to agree on the cheese being very expensive in this city, but to compare it to a kilo of gold, now that’s going a bit too far. 
Our life in Auckland was saturated with dairy products, being that it’s very cheap to import all that stuff over there. Out here in the South Island, I would have thought the price would reduce dramatically, since there are cows and sheep everywhere, but I’m wrong. Even I have to look at the price tag twice just to make sure my eyes haven’t deceived me. 
Knowing it will now cost us twice as much, we reduce our dairy products and increase our fruit intake instead. I don’t mind this change in diet because I like fruits. Plus, Moon will get the benefit of fresh nutrients, but it’s Clare that’s the main problem. She likes her cheese. And tonight she wants homemade pizzas piled high with mozzarella. 
Putting all the groceries on the kitchen counter, Clare randomly fires me questions about my tutoring position and my student. I don’t want to talk about Zac or my teaching ability as an algebra tutor, so I lamely twist the answer. We end up talking about Mandy and school instead. But Clare doesn’t let the topic drop and corners me back to the subject of my student.
“Is your student a he or a she?” she asks while nibbling on bits of shredded cheddar.
I pretend not to hear her and keep packing away the canned goods into the cupboard.
“Ivy, come on. Spill a bit.” 
Clare is starting to act like a teenager instead of her thirty-two years. In fact, Clare and Mandy should have been born siblings because they’re so alike in many ways. They both like to pry in my personal affairs.
“There’s nothing to tell. I teach algebra. He’s…” I close my mouth, having said too much already.
“Oh! Oh! Oh!” Clare laughs. “So your student is a boy.”
I groan. 
“Don’t worry. I won’t tell Nancy.” Clare reassures me. After grabbing another handful of cheese, she asks, “So is he cute?”
Cute? Zac is beyond cute. He’s a handsome, hot as the devil guy, with hair as black as the midnight sky and eyes as green as emeralds, one that would definitely sear my heart and scar my soul if I let him in. So it would be best if I didn’t get involved with him at all. 
I congratulated myself yesterday for sneaking away quickly while he was busy reading his book in the library. Of course, I didn’t exactly leave the library altogether. I actually stayed behind and hid myself at the back of the library where there was a big window with a nice view of Zac inside, his head bent over his book, completely engrossed. 
I stayed like that until Mrs. McKenzie asked him to leave because they would be closing the library soon. Zac looked so mad when he stormed away on his crutches, hobbling like mad. 
I felt a little sorry for him then. I don’t understand why he had to go through all the trouble to come see me in the library just to petition for his rights as a student. Surely Mandy can do the same job. 
Never mind. Everything is over now. I won’t have to associate with Zac anymore. My life will return to normal again.
“Come on.” Clare is still going on about my student. “Just tell me a little bit about him.”
Fine, I’ll just tell her about Sam instead.
“His name is Sam. He’s a year below me.”
“What does he look like? Is he hot?”
Hot? I don’t think the word hot would describe Sam. He’s an average guy. Nice and smart. Yes, he is smart. So I don’t know why he needs my help in algebra when everything I teach him he seems to know already.
“Well?” Clare prompts.
“Ummm.” What can I say? 
Ring! Ring! Ring! Ring!
I’m saved. The phone rings, and I rush to pick it up immediately. I have to thank whoever it is.
Clare gives me a look that implies we’re not finished with our conversation yet.
I just smirk at her.
Picking up the phone, I say my usual line. “Hello. This is the Hamilton residence. Ivy speaking. Who would you like to speak to?”
“I would like to speak with you, Ivy,” comes a low-timbered male voice.
I retract the phone from my ear, stare at it blankly for a second, then put it back near my ear. I ask in a questioning tone, “Who is this?”
“Forgotten me already? And only after teaching me two lessons.”
“Zac,” I hiss into the phone. I hear him chuckling on the other end. 
I cover the mouthpiece and look for Clare. She’s busy, her head down, reading a magazine she got from the secondhand shop, her mouth filled with cheese. I turn my back, as if by doing this, a barrier has been created to prevent her from meddling in my affairs. 
Sure that I’m now saved from Clare’s interference, I put the mouthpiece back near my mouth and speak, “Why are you calling my house. What do you want?”
“You know what I want, Ivy,” he says smoothly. “I want you.”
Hearing him say that makes my heart rate increase dramatically. And I think I have trouble breathing. I inhale and exhale slowly.
Surely he’s referring to wanting me as his tutor, not something else. 
“No, Zac. I told you already I will not be teaching you again. So don’t call this number anymore.” I slam the phone down, my mood turning sour.
Suddenly, Jennifer Page’s “Crush,” my ringtone, comes on. I extract my cell phone out of my pocket and answer it. “Hello.”
“That wasn’t polite, Ivy. Slamming the phone down when your student is busy talking.”
“Zac,” I hiss again, a bit too loud this time. I look up and see Clare looking at me with a frown on her face. I give her a weak smile and move to the hallway just in case she hears my conversation with Zac. Once outside, I let my voice ring high.
“How did you get my phone number?” I shout down the line.
“Whatever I want, Ivy, I make sure I chase it until I get it. And right now, I want you—as my tutor. So start acting like one and take full responsibility.”
For a moment, I think he’s referring to wanting me again, but I shake by head to rid myself of this silly notion. I harden my heart and tell him off. 
“Stop calling me,” I yell into the phone and push the end button, glaring at it, willing it to ring again. And if it does, I’m going to put a curse on him.
“Who’s calling, Ivy?” Clare pokes her head into the hallway.
“Just someone calling the wrong number,” I say, still glaring at my phone.
Suddenly, our home phone rings again. Clare pops her head back inside the lounge, ready to pick up the phone, when I rush past her and pick it up myself.
“That isn’t how I expect a tutor to behave. Such a bad example.” I hear him chuckling over the phone.
“What do you want? Stop calling me.” I can’t restrain my voice this time. I have too much anger and annoyance inside me to remember how to keep my voice down.
“How many times do I have to tell you? I want you to come and tutor me. Come on, be a responsible person. Finish what you’ve started.”
“No. I’ve already given you a replacement. It’s your own fault you didn’t want Mandy to teach you. Good-bye.” 
“If you put the phone down this time, I’ll take drastic action. And believe me, you won’t like the result.”
“Stop threatening me. Go to hell,” I swear and slam the phone down, feeling my heart pumping very hard.
“Ivy?” Clare asks in concern. “Who is it? Is someone trying to harass you?”
“No, Clare, just some random person who got the wrong num—” I glance at the home phone when it begins to ring again. 
This stupid guy. Why won’t he leave me alone?
“I told you to stop calling me. I’m no longer your tutor,” I immediately yell into the phone.
“Ivy!” comes an old lady’s voice. 
Oh no. It’s Mrs. Dale, one of the head organizers of the PHST program. 
“Mrs. Dale,” I say weakly.
“It really is irresponsible of you to neglect Zac.” Mrs. Dale starts her lecture and reprimands me for dropping Zac after giving him only two lessons. “His father donates huge funds to our school and the hospital every year. The least we can do is provide him with the tutor he wants. Zac needs to pass his algebra test before he graduates next year. So please don’t let me down. I know you’re a good tutor. That’s why I’ve assigned you to him.”
“Yes, Mrs. Dale.” I slump my shoulders in defeat. 
“That’s great, Ivy. I’m counting on you from now on.” 
Is there no way to escape Zac? Right now I want to hit my head against the floor so badly. I really want to do that, but “Crush” stops me in time. 
I pick it up and answer. “Hello.”
“I will see you at 4:30 tomorrow with chamomile tea and chocolate cake waiting. Have sweet dreams tonight.” And then the call ends.
I drown in anger, throwing my phone onto the couch and storming straight up to my bedroom to fume, forgetting about dinner. I stay there until the sun disappears and huddle up in a corner with my baby blanket around me. 
Oh God, why can’t I get rid of him? I close my eyes and try to calm myself down. 
What can I do? I’m trying to forget everything from the past. I know Zac is innocent, but seeing him would only be a cruel reminder of my nightmare. Because the solid reason is Zac is Dillon’s brother. They have the same eye color. They’re siblings. That’s enough reason already to not associate with him. So why must he make it hard for me to let him go?
It’s only when the moon starts streaming its light into my room that Clare comes in and delivers my dinner. 
I apologize to her for my previous behavior. She ruffles my hair and smiles.
“You’re still a kid, so I don’t mind you acting like one. I get worried when you’re too serious sometimes,” she says, sitting down on my bed. “I know I’m not your real sister, but if you need someone to listen to, I’m here for you.”
“Clare…” I go to hug her, touched by her words. “Don’t say that. We’re family. Of course I think of you as my sister.”
After our sisterly embrace, Clare asks, “So you want to talk about it?”
I hesitate. I don’t want to tell them about Zac or the fact that I’ve seen that man again after five years, laughing and living freely in this town. To tell Clare this, she would return to her vengeful state. 
“There’s nothing at all, Clare.”
“Are you sure?”
“Mm-hmm.” I nod.
“Okay,” she says, knowing I won’t be giving her any further answer. “Well, sleep tight, then. I brought your cell phone back. I think Mandy texted you a few times. The phone kept on beeping while we were eating dinner. ” 
I take the phone from her hand and thank her. Saying good night to Clare, I shut the door and check the texts. 
There are a total of four texts. Wow. I can’t believe Mandy would text me that much in the span of a few hours. Usually she would just call and we’d chat.
I open the first one. It’s Mandy reminding me to meet her in the morning so we can discuss why I’ve decided to ditch my job as an algebra tutor to her future boyfriend Zac.
I move to the next text. This one is from an unknown number. 
Do you like chamomile tea? I could make you something else if you don’t.
Huh? I don’t even drink tea.
I check the third one.
How about chocolate cake? Do you like cakes?
What cake? Who’s texting me? 
Don’t worry about replying. I’ll see you tomorrow. Have a good night’s sleep. Sweet dreams, my dear tutor.
“Zac,” I conclude as all three texts merge together. 
I check the first text he sent me and delete it, my fingers doing their magic so fast I have to make sure I deleted the right one. I’m all pumped up, getting my revenge by deleting all his messages, when the last one comes up and my eyes catch those words. Sweet dreams, my dear tutor. My hand wavers over the delete icon, unable to push it. On second thought, I leave the last text in my cell and start banging my head on the table. I groan. 
Oh, Ivy, what is wrong with you? You have a crush on Zac? You do, don’t you? Ugh… 
I think I hit my head too hard. I rub my forehead and groan again.
You know it’s wrong to have a crush on him. You know he’s related to that man. It’s your punishment for liking him. 
I shake my head to deny this reasoning. Trying to forget about Zac, I log on Facebook. On the top right-hand corner is a private message for a friend request. I open it up and groan again.
Zac Elliot requests you as a friend. Do you know Zac?
I groan and start banging my head on the tabletop again.
Will I ever get away from him?

CHAPTER NINE

ZAC

Revelation

Seeing Ivy is like seeing a ray of sunshine on this dull, gloomy day. Even the dullest cloud can’t wipe the grin off my face as I open the door to let her in. She drops her bag and starts on our lesson right away without even saying hello, which is weird.
At least accept the chocolate cake and tea I brewed for you.
I’m a little taken aback. I didn’t expect Ivy to be this badly tempered. She didn’t even ask if I understand any of the stuff. I can’t even get a word in as she drones on and on. I want to cut in a bit, but she won’t give me the chance. Finally, our lesson comes to a close. She turns to me. 
“Where’s the homework I asked you to do?” she asks in her frosty voice.
Is she still mad with me from last time?
“How about we have our tea and chocolate cake first?” I ask instead, trying to perk her up. 
I know the tea must be cold by now, but I really want her to try the chocolate cake Catalina and I worked so hard to bake. 
I begged Catalina last night to help me bake the cake, even though she isn’t all that good with baking herself. But Catalina said because I behaved like a boy whose girlfriend would be visiting tomorrow, she would help me. 
I told her Ivy wasn’t my girlfriend. She only laughed and asked, “But you like her, don’t you?” 
I only gave her a grunt and a snort, then hobbled away, blushing, thinking maybe if Ivy did like my cake, she might consider me as her potential boyfriend. I heard her laughing behind my back. 
When we finished the cake, I had a taste of it and was on cloud nine. It was sensational on my tongue. I imagined Ivy taking a bite of the cake too, and then we would both fly to cloud nine together. 
Wanting to make sure everything was perfect, I even texted Ivy just to make sure she likes chocolate cake, but when she didn’t reply in time, I assumed she must. 
Well, all the girls at school seemed to like chocolate cake. But from the frosty situation right now, maybe Ivy doesn’t like chocolate cake. 
I curse myself. Maybe I should have waited for her reply before going ahead with the baking. Now it’s too late. 
“Homework,” she says again, her tone cold as dry ice.
Fine. Homework. We’ll leave the cake for now. 
I go to the pile of algebra sheets I printed out. Somewhere among this junk is my homework. 
I turn to Ivy. She still has on her sour mask. 
I smirk. 
Time to liven things up.
I pull out my homework sheet buried at the bottom of the pile. Wanting to get a reaction out of her sour face, I decide to pretend to look a bit longer. 
There’s none. 
I mumble, “I put it in here somewhere.”
She still doesn’t reply. She just sits there with a straight face and waits for me. 
I’m disappointed. Why all this tension?
Losing the fun mood, I hand her the worksheet and sit back down. Ivy starts marking my work.
I’m losing my motivation to speak. And I’m bored stiff. 
Now that I realize I like her, I want to talk to her. It can be about anything, from that purple cardigan she’s wearing again today to the reason she covers her face with those bangs. 
I must admit I don’t like them. Yeah, sure, it looks nice sometimes, but it blocks her eyes, and I like looking at her chestnut eyes when I talk to her. 
Just wait. When I get to be her boyfriend, I’ll zap that fringe off myself. 
I can almost hear myself doing the evil laugh, except it’ll be a long way yet before I can be her boyfriend. We’re not even in the friend zone yet, so how can I be her boyfriend?
Ivy looks tense. She has a frown on her forehead—the side that I can see, of course. 
A little piece inside me shrivels, making me sad. Maybe I should cheer her up. 
“Ivy,” I say, nudging her shoulder. 
Ivy shifts her seat a little farther away and glares at me. 
What? Am I contagious or something?
Of course I don’t ask her that. While she’s busy glaring at me, I take my cue. I pull the homework sheet from underneath her hand and quickly write something. Then I give it back to her and grin.
She looks at me weirdly, then sees my scrawling writing on the sheet. I smirk. 

S + E = X

Ivy turns to me. 
“Just trying to break the tension,” I say, giving her my cheesiest smile ever. 
Ivy doesn’t smile back, nor does she acknowledge that I’m trying to cheer her up. She just goes back to marking my work.
I make a grumbling sound. Kai always says it resembles the sound of an ape going nuts for bananas. I wonder if that’s what Ivy’s thinking when she gives me that stare again.
I’m quite disappointed that my plan didn’t grab her attention, though. 
Is she still mad with me from the other day because I went to the library to annoy her? I mean, come on, she didn’t turn up for her work. What was I supposed to do? She wigged. Unless she’s still mad with me because I kept on ringing her phone yesterday. Well, if asking her to be my tutor wasn’t working, I had to go higher up.
Ivy’s head is still down, which means she still ignoring me. Finally, on the last page of my homework, she signs it and hands it to me. 
“You did great. My job here is done. I’m going now.” 
What? That’s it?
“Wait!” I stand up to grab her hand just as she’s about to leave the chair. “Let’s have our tea and cake before you leave.” I hastily hand her the cup of tea. “You didn’t even get to drink—”
Cold tea spills all over my hand.
Is she really that mad with me? 
Ivy glares at me, her breathing labored. I glare at her, my breathing also labored. Then she snaps and bolts to the door. I get to her first and catch her before she’s at the door. 
“Ivy,” I yell. “What the hell?”
“Let me go, Zac,” she says, her voice shaking, her eyes still not looking at me.
I don’t let her go. Instead, I pull her back and she slams into my chest.
“Tell me. Did I do something wrong?”
She pushes me away from her and this time gives me an intense stare, one that looks so painful it has me even more confused. 
“I am here as your tutor, Zac.” Her voice shakes when she speaks. “I’m not here as your chitchat friend. Now my job is done. I’m leaving. So let me go.”
“Fine,” I yell. 
I let her go. 
Seriously, I’ve had enough of this shit. 
“Just go. Do whatever you want. Did you think I would grovel at your feet? Just because I requested you that doesn’t mean you’re all that special as a tutor.” 
Ivy leaves.
Shit! Shit! Shit! This is so fucking wrong! I’m starting to swear like Dillon, but I don’t really care. All I do is slam my fist into the wall to relieve the frustration welling in my chest. It hurts like fucking crazy. 
I don’t want us to end like this. I need to know the reason Ivy is behaving this way. So I hobble after her on my crutches.
Whether she’s a slow runner or I’m just fast on my crutches, I catch up to her. Just as she’s about to enter the lift, I pull her by the shoulder and drag her to face me.
“You can’t leave me like that. No one walks away from Zac Elliot.” 
Ivy looks at me for a moment, staring, undecided. I know she wants to leave, so I block her path. 
I look into her eyes and there it is again, that subtle hint of sadness, a little bit of pain, and a whole lot of anger. Yet there’s something else in her eyes that I can’t decipher.
“What is it? What’s the problem, Ivy?” I stress. I’m totally at my limit now.
“My name is Ivy Hamilton,” she finally says.
“Yes. Ivy Hamilton. I know.” 
Why is she telling me her name? I already know that.
She starts pulling up her purple sleeve to reveal her forearm. Little by little, I can make out three deep scars running from her wrist all the way to her inner forearm. Then she parts her heavy fringe to the side to reveal her forehead. There’s a scar along the hairline, and I’m not sure where it ends because it’s hidden by her dark hair. 
I look at her, still confused as ever. Why is she showing me these scars? So what if there are scars on her body? It doesn’t affect who Ivy is as a person. I like her and I don’t care if she has scars. Unless she’s self-conscious of her imperfection. 
Shit! Now I feel bad. I get mad just because she doesn’t talk to me, but it’s because she’s scared of me judging her. 
“Ivy, it’s okay. They’re only scars.” I reassure her.
“They are not just scars, Zac.” She lashes out at me. Tears stream down her cheeks.
Oh shit! What did I do now?
“They are memories, painful memories of what happened to me that night. Memories that I want to forget,” she tells me.
I get it. She must have experienced some sort of trauma when she was young.
“Do you remember what happened five years ago, Zac?” she asks again.
“Five years ago?” I ponder this question. I’m not sure. What happened five years ago? Am I supposed to remember this? 
Let’s see. I turned twelve. Mum and Dad got divorced. And Dillon ended up doing community service because he was in some sort of car accident. 
“No, what happened five years ago?” I ask, my mind coming up empty. Unless it’s one of those events I mentioned above, which I think is highly unlikely, then I don’t know.
“Five years ago,” Ivy narrates, “there was an accident. This accident took the lives of a girl’s parents and brother.” 
Okay. I’m pretty smart, so I know right away the girl Ivy’s talking about is actually her. 
So what? Why is she telling me this? 
“I don’t understand,” I tell her. “I’m sorry you had the accident, but what has that—”
“Because your brother is the one who caused that accident.”
Shit! This is not happening.
“Your brother crashed into my parents’ car. He killed my parents. He killed my brother. And he almost killed me,” she sobs. 
Shit! This is seriously not happening. Someone please wake me up. Someone please throw a bucket of cold water and wake me up.
“Now do you understand why I don’t want to teach you?” she whispers, her voice holding so much pain.
“Ivy, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.” I go to grab her hand, but she thrashes away from me.
“Well, now you know, so let me go.”
“I… I don’t want us to end like this. Can’t we talk about this?”
“No, we can’t.”
“But, Ivy, I’m not Dillon. We’re different people.”
“It doesn’t matter. You’re brothers.”
“But—”
“Stop making excuses for him. I hate you. I don’t want to see you. Every time I see you, I see your brother. And when I see your brother, I’m reminded of everything we lost.”
“But my brother and me, we’re not close. He doesn’t even live with me. He lives in Queenstown.” 
What is wrong with me? Why am I trying so hard to find one small grain of reasoning so I can see her?
I know why. It’s because I like her. She lights up my world. She makes me happy. I can think of a million other reasons I need Ivy by my side. So I don’t want to give up on her just because of our circumstances. 
“I don’t care. You’re related.” She continues to hold her ground.
“Ivy, why can’t you differentiate between us? I’m not my brother. He’s not—”
“Stop it. Just stop it,” she cries, her body shaking with so much pain.
I go to hold her again, but she only pushes me off.
Finally, when she’s able to control herself, she stands up and faces me. “Listen to me clearly, Zac. From now on, I don’t want to talk to you or see you ever again. Even when you’re well enough to attend school and see me walking down the hallway, we will be nothing but strangers to each other. That’s how I want it to be.”
“But I don’t want it to be like that. I want us to—”
She turns to me, a pained expression in her eyes. “What do you want?” 
“I want…” I want to tell her I want to be her boyfriend. But my lips won’t move. Even when I see her going into the elevator, I still don’t move. It’s only when the door starts to close that I act. I hold the door to keep it open and say, “Ivy, I want—”
“Let go of the door, Zac.” 
I shake my head. I don’t let go of the door. 
Ivy glares at me with her tear-filled eyes. Slowly, she says, “Ask yourself this, Zac. Do you think you could live and be friends with someone who inflicted so much pain on you? If you can’t answer that, then let me go. Good-bye.” 
It was only that one word from Ivy’s mouth, but it somehow feels like my heart has been ripped open and I’m bleeding slowly from inside. My grip finally loosens and the door closes.
“Ivy,” I say sadly as I watch her exit my life. 

CHAPTER TEN

IVY

Reflection

It’s so exhausting. Why is it so exhausting? I slide down the elevator door and huddle myself into a ball. I don’t press the ground button but choose to stay suspended on the eighth floor. 
I realize now this is all too taxing for me. But I also realize one other thing. I like Zac. I like him a lot. And it takes a lot of my energy to do this to him. 
I know he’s right. I should differentiate who is who. He’s not his brother. He’s himself. Zac, the goofy, sometimes serious, and demanding Zac. But I can’t let this feeling dominate me. I’m only seventeen. Feelings will change. This is just a small crush. I have a big future ahead of me. To let him into my heart, it will only cause me pain, not to mention Gigi and Clare. What would they think if they knew who Zac is?
I shake my head. I’m not going down that road again. The relationship between Zac and me is over. We are no longer student and teacher; we are merely strangers.
When I get home that night, I go straight to bed, feigning a headache. Moon comes into my room and tucks herself beside me.
“Can I sleep here for a bit, Vivi?” she asks.
“Clare working tonight?” I ask, wondering where Clare is.
“Mm-hmm.” She nods. “Mommy’s at work.”
I turn to her and hug her. 
“How’s school today?” I ask, deciding to change the subject instead. Drowning in my past will not get me anywhere. I have to look toward the future.
“School is fun, Vivi,” she says, snuggling closer to me. 
The weather down south gets really cold at night. Unfortunately, we don’t have the luxury to buy electric blankets. The only electric blanket we have is reserved for Gigi.
She has rheumatoid arthritis, so when the weather gets too cold, her joints get inflamed and cause her pain. Unlucky for us, tonight, the blast of cold air blows in our direction. Even with the curtains and windows shut, there is an icy atmosphere inside the room. I snuggle closer to Moon for warmth. Moon does the same to me. 
We’re both silent, both too busy thinking about the current events in our lives. After another quiet spell, Moon speaks. “Vivi, I’m going to a sports day in May.”
May? Right now it’s April, still the autumn season. In May, the season approaches winter, and in Dunedin, because the city is situated near the coastline, the temperature can get below ten degrees. I’m not looking forward to winter. Moon will have to wear comfortable and warm clothing if she does want to participate.
“What are you participating in?” I ask.
“We go running and relay.”
“Will you be all right?”
“Mm-hmm.” Moon nods again. “It’ll be fun. I’m looking forward to it.”
“Can I come watch?” I ask, twirling her silvery locks around my fingers. I love Moon’s hair. It is both silver and gold, like the color of the moon on a clear night.
“It starts at nine o’clock,” she answers.
“Nine o’clock.” I have classes then. “I don’t think I can make it. But what time does it finish?”
“3:30.”
“I still can’t. I have to work afterwards. But maybe I can ask them to reschedule,” I murmur to myself. 
“No. Don’t worry about it. Gigi will be coming to watch. I told Gigi already. She’s coming to watch me.”
“Okay,” I say absentmindedly. The sound of the wind howling outside sends another fresh chill down my spine, and I shake a little in bed. “Are you cold?” I ask. 
“Yes.” She snuggles closer to me.
“Here, sleep here for tonight, okay.” I hold her tight. “It’s too cold alone in your own bed.” 
Moon only nods at my suggestion and falls asleep right away in my arms. I huddle her close to me and try to sleep too, listening to the wind howling outside like little lone wolves calling out to their mother.
I don’t sleep all that well that night. I keep on dreaming about Zac, his sad face haunting me. 
The next morning, Zac’s sad face is still embedded inside my head. By the time the school bell rings, I’m half yawning until Mandy jolts me awake with a hug.
“Why the glum face? What happened?”
“I’m not teaching Zac anymore,” I tell her. 
Mandy looks perplexed and then bewildered.
“You do know the last time you asked me to replace you, he went mental on me. He even threatened me and refused to sign his autograph. I had to tell him you were in the library.”
“Mmmm,” is all I can reply.

****

For the next few days and even weeks, I’m always cautious with my cell, home phone, and walkabouts. I look at my caller ID first before answering. If it’s an unknown number, I refuse to answer it and let it go to voicemail. For our home phone, I always let Gigi answer it. Mandy hardly calls me on my home phone. But if she does, she would text me first to tell me she’ll be calling. 
Walking around corners at school, I always keep a keen eye, just in case Zac appears out of nowhere and surprises me. I don’t want to see him after making that dramatic scene at his apartment. Thinking about it now, it’s really embarrassing. 
Mandy ended up tutoring him after I resigned. I know any information I want regarding Zac, I can easily get from her. But in the end, I don’t have the courage. Showing concern regarding Zac will only cause more problems and rumors around school. There are already rumors about how Zac got into that accident that required him to recuperate at home. Something about a kiss, I hear. I wonder what that was all about. 
On one particular day, a few weeks after I resigned, Mandy’s behavior turns peculiar. She comes and sits next to me, cradling her iPhone like it’s the most precious thing in the world. A few times, she smiles at me, wedging her glasses so they stay on the bridge of her nose, then stares at her phone. I become curious too but don’t ask. Mandy can’t contain her excitement anymore, and she ends up popping her own bubble.
“Ivy!” She sighs. “Why won’t you ask me why I’m constantly looking at my phone?”
“I’m waiting for your bubble to burst by itself.” I muster a smile. 
I try to smile more often these days, but I still can’t forget Zac’s sad face as the elevator doors closed on him. Thinking about him, my face turns gloomy by itself.
“Okay. Here goes.” 
Flicking her phone to the gallery, she stops at one picture. It’s a beautiful picture of Mandy and that boy with black hair and emerald-green eyes. 
He looks happy. It looks like my embarrassing revelation was just another silly thing that escaped his mind. Looking at that picture now, I can’t help but feel a tug of pain in my heart. He’s smiling so radiantly. Is he happy?
“Do you like Zac?” I ask. My heart is constricted. I have a strong hunch what she’ll say. 
“How can I not?” Mandy smiles at me, her ponytail bouncing as she moves. “Look at those green, bewitching eyes of his and his black hair. Ahh, such boyfriend material. He even let me take a picture of him. See this one?”
My smile falters then. My heart aches a little more. A little tear fights to escape from my eye, but I will it not to drop when I see the next picture of Zac looking slightly annoyed but still so very cute.
“I’m happy for you, then,” I say as the bell rings, signaling lunch break is over. 
After that discussion with Mandy, I become cautious again. My mind is going crazy. I don’t know when Zac will appear, so I’m always on guard. It becomes clear that Zac must still be recovering from his leg injury. 
Zac never appears at school. My days of playing hide-and-seek are finally over. Although, with that knowledge, my heart aches a little more, as if it’s crying over the prospect that I might not be able to see him again. 
Zac has already moved on. I tell myself this countless times, but it’s actually me who’s in this deep depression. I’m still clinging to some hope for us to see each other again, even though it was me who wished us to be strangers.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

ZAC

Gloomy Face

“Zac, mate, can you hear us?”
Why didn’t I see it coming? She tried everything to run away from me.
“He’s not even listening to us.”
But she makes me feel like I can do anything. I want to see her again.
“Bro, Zac, are you even on Earth?”
“He looks like he’s off in another planet.”
“Zac! Zac, bro!”
I feel someone’s hand shaking me. I blink, look up, and see my band mates, Loki and Trey, and my buddy Kai staring at me.
“Huh?” I ask, blinking again, now that I’m back on Earth. 
What are they doing in my apartment? And when did they get here?
“Zac, mate. Are you okay? You look like you’re off with the fairies. You thinking about something?” Loki asks me.
“No, nothing,” I lie. Releasing a deep sigh, I turn back to the guys and ask them what they’re doing at my place. 
“Zac, bro,” Kai comes and places his hand on my forehead. “Are you sick? Want me to call your dad? Or the doctor?”
“Why are you calling Dad? He’s still in Japan for his conference.”
“No, Zac,” Kai says. “He’s home since last week.”
Right. Last week. Yes, last week when Ivy said her final good-bye to me. Last week when she revealed to me that she was the last remaining survivor in that crash, the crash my brother caused. 
Ivy, why am I feeling like this? I really want to be your boyfriend, or if not that, just your friend would do. Ivy…
“Zac?” Kai’s voice penetrates my thoughts again.  
“He’s a lost cause,” Trey says from behind his drums. “Let him be. Must be dreaming about something again.”
Kai doesn’t leave me alone as he keeps on shaking me. 
Goddamn! Why can’t I sulk in peace?
“Why are you guys here anyway?” I scold them when I wake again.
“Zac. We’re here for the band practice, remember?” Trey yells from the other side of the room. 
Oh, right. Band practice.
I pick up the microphone and stare at it like it’s an alien from another planet. 
“Maybe we should just call it a day,” Trey says. “Looks like our prince won’t be up to singing anytime soon.”
“But prom is in three months. We’ve got to start practicing,” Loki argues.
“Zac doesn’t look too well. He’s under a lot of stress lately, what with finding a girlfriend and petitioning for his student’s right.” Kai decides to spill out my secret. 
While all this is happening in the background, I’m still staring dumbly at the microphone in my hand. 
“Fine, let’s just call it a day.” Loki relents. 
The guys start packing away their instruments. Catalina pops in her head at that moment.
“Cookies and juice, boys?”
“Yes. Thanks, Catalina,” they all chorus. 
Damn my friends. They won’t console me, won’t let me sulk in peace, yet have the guts to eat my food. 
Catalina smiles and disappears to collect the food.
“How’s your leg?” Trey asks.
Finally, someone cares.
“Better. I can walk now with just one crutch.” 
“That’s good. When are you going back to school?” 
“Probably in a few weeks. I should be fine by then. Still need my walking stick, though.”
“And how’s the tutoring sessions going?” Kai sneakily asks me.
Does he want me to bash his face? He knows Ivy quit tutoring me already. Unless he’s referring to the new tutor I’ll be seeing later on today. 
I put on a glum expression. I’m not looking forward to my tutoring lesson. Mrs. Dale is sending a new tutor for me.
* * *
It’s approaching four o’clock. The guys have already left. I’m still slumming on the couch, staring at the clock, waiting for that inevitable hour. 
In the last week or so, I loved that hour. Four o’clock is usually the time I boil tea and wait eagerly for the doorbell to ring. Now, four o’clock is like my death sentence.
Finally, the hour arrives. I slowly trudge myself off the couch and, with my crutch, hobble as slowly as possible to the front door.
I wonder who Mrs. Dale sent.
Really, I’m not asking for a miracle. I know it’s a one-in-a-million chance that when I open this front door, Ivy will be standing there with her purple cardigan and her hair parted to the side to cover her forehead, her scar. But I hope maybe she will reconsider and the episode from last week was all just a bad joke. I guess I’m still that delusional.
I open the door. And there stands Mandy, Ivy’s best friend.  
I heave a sigh, as if my chest had been weighted with a ton of bricks. 
“Hel-hel-hello,” Mandy stutters. She sucks two puffs of her inhaler into her mouth and now she’s back to speaking a hundred miles an hour again. “Zac. I’m your new tutor. Mrs. Dale said you need help in algebra, and I’m the one who’s going to make sure you ace this subject. So are you with me?”
“Hello,” I say slowly. This girl has so much energy. Just watching her talk makes me so tired. 
I open the door and let her in. We start on our lesson.
I don’t learn much. It’s not that I’m not a good student. It’s just that Mandy keeps on gawking at me. I thought it was just her being a fan of Apollo’s, but when our third and fourth lesson comes around, there’s no improvement. Just like lesson number one, I sit answering the algebra worksheet, and she sits with stars in her eyes, staring at my face. 
I can’t take it anymore. I slam my pen down. 
“For the last time, if you want to admire me that much, just take a picture.”
“Really? I can take a picture?” 
You have got to be kidding me. That was supposed to be a sarcastic remark. 
She snaps my picture with her iPhone anyway. 
“Delete it,” I demand.  
“But you said I could take it.” 
Oh, don’t give me those big fishy eyes. I’m not falling for it.
“It was sarcastically implied. Now delete it.”
“Only if you let me take a photo of us together?” 
She’s blackmailing me? Is she really blackmailing me? Deleting one picture only to have another taken. No way. 
“No!”
“Please, Zac. I’m a huge fan of yours. I really want to take a picture with you,” she begs. “It’s a souvenir to say I’m the one that helped the lead singer of Apollo graduate with an excellent grade in algebra. So please.”
I’m stuck. I don’t want to be in a photo with Mandy. Not that she’s ugly or anything. As I’ve mentioned before, it’s not about the face; it’s their personality. Like Ivy. I’m attracted to Ivy, not because of looks, but because of the way she spoke to me that day… and that kiss. Even when she didn’t know who I was, she still trusted me to lead her out of that throng of people. But Ivy and Mandy are best friends. Surely I can bargain her with something I want. 
“If I let you take a photo of me, would you tell me where Ivy lives?”
“You like Ivy?” Mandy slams her question at me, which surprises the hell out of me. 
Jesus, this girl is smart.  
“I… I…” 
What can I tell Mandy? I like her best friend, but I can’t tell her that. Well, not when I haven’t confessed to Ivy yet. 
“I…” I try again. “Look, Ivy used to be my tutor, so of course I want to visit her. She’s been good to me. I just want to thank her by visiting her. That’s all.”
“Mmmm. I see.” Mandy sits rubbing her chin and pushing her glasses back to sit on the bridge of her nose. After some contemplation, she looks at me. “Well, if you promise you’re not the type to stalk her and just want to visit her for the sake of a thank you, then I don’t see any problem.”
“Really?” 
Jesus, I almost squeal with happiness. I can’t believe Mandy would give me Ivy’s address that easily.  
“Yep,” Mandy says. She’s holding out her iPhone in front of us. I know my side of the bargain. I lean closer to her. “Good angle, Zac. Now, let’s get that picture.”
True to her word, Mandy scribbles down Ivy’s address. My pulse shoots up. 
I can’t wait for my leg to heal so I can go to school. But more than anything, I can’t wait to go to Ivy’s house. 

CHAPTER TWELVE

IVY

The Unexpected Guest

Dangling from my hand as I hop off the bus is a bag of tofu and some medicine. I’m thinking of making Asian tofu stir-fry tonight. Since meat is quite expensive here, tofu is the best alternative. And I like it.
The medicine is for Gigi. Her joints are playing up again. Rheumatoid arthritis is never a good thing when the weather gets too cold, so having this anti-inflammatory medication on hand helps a lot.
My session with Sam ended on a successful note as always. He aced all the tests I gave him. Seriously, though, I’m beginning to doubt he really needs my help.  He’s so smart. What can his reason be for wanting me to teach him? I shake my head of this confusion and am about to enter the house when sounds of laughter from inside the house stop me in my path. 
It’s been a long time since I’ve heard people laughing, apart from Moon, of course. I hurry my step and open the door. What I expect to see is Gigi, Moon, and Clare, all of them laughing about some joke. What I don’t expect to see is the person responsible for creating their laughter.
I’m like a deer caught in headlights when I see Zac, Moon sitting on his lap and Gigi and Clare engrossed in whatever story he’s narrating.  
My heart won’t stop its irregular thump. It’s beating at a thousand beats per minute, and my breath becomes shallow. At one point, I think my soul has floated out of my body because I’m in that much shock. 
“Vivi, you’re here,” Moon calls out loudly when she sees me standing near the entrance. 
Moon’s loud announcement brings my soul back into my body, and I blink, facing reality again. Her announcement, though, also brings about an unwanted effect for me. 
Once Zac hears Moon’s shout, it alerts him to my presence, and he turns around and rewards me with one of his dashing smiles, the one that will always make my heart waver and my knees weak. 
But not this time. I tell my heart to stop its thrashing against my ribcage and nod to him in acknowledgement, since he’s Gigi’s guest. I put on my usual indifferent manner, then go straight into the kitchen to compose my shaking body. 
I catch a glimpse of Zac’s face, and his smile drops the minute I enter the kitchen.
I’m in havoc. My body is shaking like I have no control over it. 
Oh God, help me. What’s Zac doing in my house? Has his leg healed already? Does Grandma and Clare know who he is already? 
I shake my head. If they knew, then they wouldn’t be acting in this pleasant manner. They would throw him out into the gutter already. Oh God, please let him be okay. 
I don’t realize I drop the bag of goods until it makes a thump on the floor. I lean down and pick it up, my hands still shaking slightly from the effect of seeing Zac inside my house.
“You didn’t tell me anything about having a boyfriend.” 
Clare’s voice surprises me. I turn to her, a shocked look on my face. Perhaps I’m too shocked with Zac’s presence that I don’t notice Clare coming into the kitchen. When she sees me, she rushes forward and places a hand on my forehead. 
“Ivy, are you okay? You look pale.”
“I… I’m… fine,” I tell her with a shaky voice. 
I remove her hand from my forehead and turn to the sink to pour myself a cup of water. 
I need water. My throat feels all parched. 
“All right then,” Clare says, brushing my ailment aside. “So…” She begins again. “Do tell me about this boyfriend of yours.”
I cough, choking on my water. Half the water ends up going into my windpipe instead of my esophagus. Clare comes over and thumps me on the back. After tidying myself up with tissue, I turn to her.
“Zac is not my boyfriend,” I say, heaving with exertion. My voice strains a bit, trying to express that statement. 
How can Clare come to this conclusion?
“Oh.” She pretends to laugh like she finds the whole thing really funny. She just loves poking fun at me. “Then what is he?” 
I ignore her prying question and start putting the tofu in the fridge and medicine in the cabinet instead. Then, turning to her, I say, “We’re having tofu stir-fry with lots of vegetables for dinner tonight.”
“Oh, Ivy. Stop being a prude. There’s no use changing the subject. Just because I don’t like vegetables, I will not be swayed into talking about how much I detest those damn green things. Now just tell me a little bit about him. That boy is so hot. Are you sure he’s not your boyfriend?”
“No, he’s not. He’s my former student.”
She gives me a teasing smile before saying, “From what I remember, you said your student’s name was Sam. This boy looks so hot. You should continue to teach him.” 
“What’s this before about wanting me to quit tutoring, then?” I ask, dispelling her notion of matchmaking me with potential males.
Her smile drops the minute I say that. “Well, that was before,” she argues. “But now look. He’s so cute. Wouldn’t it be nice if the two of you were a couple? You should totally go out with him. I’ve never seen a student come to their tutor’s home before, bearing fruitcake at that. It’s like he knows Moon is diabetic.”
“Enough, Clare. Please.” I beg her to drop the subject. 
Clare only clicks her tongue at me. I’m about to pull out the wok in my attempt to start making dinner when Moon comes to stop me. 
“Vivi, Gigi wants you to go talk to her.”
“But I have to make dinner, Moon. Tell her I need to make dinner.” 
Since Moon is a good girl, she goes back to the lounge to relay my message.
The truth is I don’t want to see Zac inside my home. My heart is still jumping in an unsynchronized fashion. Seeing him all well again without his crutches really throws me off. 
Not a minute passes before Moon comes back into the kitchen, relaying her own message from Gigi.
“Gigi said you have to go talk to her. Zacky wants to see you too.”
There’s a snickering sound coming from Clare’s direction. I turn my head to her. She just shrugs her shoulder.
“Fine. I’ll go.” I turn back to Moon but then decide I could always delay the inevitable. “Moon, have you checked your glucose level yet?”
“I’ve checked it for her already,” Clare answers instead. 
I glare at her. Then turning back to Moon, I ask her, “Is it within the normal range?”
“It’s normal,” Clare answers for Moon again.
“Clare!” I huff.
“What?” She shrugs her shoulder at me. “Hurry, hurry. You don’t want Nancy to wait now, do you? Especially with her guest who is waiting so eagerly to see you.”
“Clare!” I huff again, my face growing redder by the second, and it’s not because I’m embarrassed. At least I tell myself it’s because I’m getting angry.
“Oh, come on, Ivy. It’s not like you’re going to die or something. The boy just wants to pay his regards to you since you’re his excellent tutor and all,” Clare says, dragging me back into the lounge. 
Moon walks behind me. 
Once inside, I stand awkwardly in the corner until Zac’s eyes land on my person.
“Ivy.” His emerald pupils light up.
“Ivy, dear,” Gigi turns around too. “Come sit beside me here.”
I do as she asks, sitting close to her, with Moon coming to sit on my other side. 
Help. I’m stuck in this position, facing Zac, who’s sitting right in front of me. 
Because we’re not well off, Zac ends up sitting on the wooden chair from the dining room, like he’s the victim in a trail, with Gigi, Moon, and me as judges. But he doesn’t look at all fazed. In fact, it looks like he’s in his element, smiling at everyone around the room, including me. I look down at the carpet, unable to meet his gaze. 
This carpet really is old. Even the furniture is old. I can’t wait to start working so I can replace all this furniture. Maybe if I work more hours, I can—
“Ivy. Why are you all silent, dear?” Gigi’s voice penetrates my thoughts. “Zac came all the way here to give us cake, and you didn’t even thank him. It was very strange of you to walk past him like that. That isn’t very polite of you.”
I lift my gaze to meet Zac’s grinning face. My heart jumps at the sight. He really is so beautiful. Then it makes me mad. And random questions keep on popping up inside my head. 
What is he doing here? 
All these unanswered questions make me angry. Only three heartbeats later, that thunderous emotion of mine comes crashing down on me. 
“What are you doing here?” I lash out, glaring at him. 
There is a prevalent gasp around the room, mostly from Clare, who’s standing in one corner, eating cheese. Gigi shakes her head, a little mad at my outburst. I’m glad Moon, at least, isn’t affected by my action. 
“Why, Ivy. How rude of you,” Gigi reprimands. “Apologize to Zac right now. How can you talk like that to your friend? Here’s Zac, coming all the way here to visit you. The least you can do is welcome him with a smile.”
“But, Grandma, I…” I try to explain to Gigi that Zac isn’t my friend, but he cuts me off first.
“Don’t worry, Nancy. I’m used to Ivy’s sour attitude by now.” 
I give him a glare. Zac flinches but still remains optimistic, with that goofy smile of his.
“But still, Zac.” Gigi continues talking to Zac. “I don’t want my granddaughter to act like that.” 
I feel small. It’s not right. Why is Gigi telling me off in front of Zac? He’s merely a stranger, whereas I’m her granddaughter. Plus, I’m only behaving like this to protect them.
“I’m sorry,” I meekly apologize, although inside, I’m not happy with the outcome. I have to get him out of my house and talk to him properly. Remind him again to never interfere in my life.
Zac only nods like a little puppy and smiles at me. But his next few words really tick me off. “And she always apologizes afterward too.” He speaks like he’s known me for a lifetime already.
“Why didn’t you tell us Zac is your student?” Gigi asks, turning to me.
“He’s my former student, Grandma,” I say, ignoring the gaze from Zac’s direction.
“Why did you stop teaching him?” She grills me. “Zac’s been complaining that you stopped teaching him after he’d excelled so much. And now he’s not motivated to learn anymore.”
“My ability as a tutor doesn’t match his skill as a student. I’ve transferred his case to Mandy already,” I say squarely.
“Still. He came all the way here to visit you and even bought us fruitcake. The least you can do is help him with his algebra while he’s here,” Clare suggests. 
I turn a death glare in her direction.
“Oh, that’s perfect.” Moon claps her hands together. “Why doesn’t Zacky eat with us? Then we can have cake as our dessert.” 
Gigi smiles at Moon and ruffles her hair. “Of course, Moon. Zac can stay and have dinner with us if he wants.” 
“Yes, Zacky, say yes. Eat dinner with us.” Moon encourages him.
Zac nods his head rigorously, like he’s been waiting for this very moment.
Clare nods her head in agreement too. Grandma only smiles, and Moon runs to sit on Zac’s lap again. 
And I fume.
“No, Zac has other plans. Apparently, his friend called him over, so he won’t be able to stay.” I make a lie up on the spot.
“Well, that plan has been cancelled.” Zac turns to me, his eyes telling me, You better think of another lie, because I’m not leaving here that easily.
I try again. “But, Grandma, I only bought enough tofu to serve four people. Plus, we’re having vegetarian Asian stir-fry. Zac doesn’t even like vegetarian food.” 
“I’ve had a change of appetite lately, Nancy. I’ve always wanted to try being a vegetarian.” Zac counteracts my excuse.
“But there won’t be enough food for five people,” I fire back.
Back and forth, we banter, until Clare has enough and offers her own suggestion.
“We could always cook another dish. A meat dish this time. That way there’s more to eat.”
“I like meat too.” Zac has the gall to nod his head in agreement. Then turning to me, he says politely, “If you don’t mind me, Ivy, I would love to stay and have dinner with everyone.”  
It ticks me off. It ticks me right off. Why is he being so polite in front of Gigi like this? Is he trying to earn brownie points or something? I don’t understand him. 
Gigi nods at Zac’s display of polite manners. And I’m resigned to my fate.
Dinner that night is very jovial. It’s been such a long time since we’ve shared this atmosphere. Clare and Moon won’t stop pestering Zac, while Gigi smiles like she’s never smiled before. It is only me who’s gloomy. 
What would they do if they found out Zac is Dillon’s brother? Would they cease all contact with him? Would they yell and curse him, like I did when I first found out?
Zac’s voice pushes away my thoughts, and I turn to him. 
“Mmmm. This dish is really delicious, Ivy.” He picks up the tofu with his fork. After he finishes chewing, he gives me a smile. “Ivy, you should definitely open your own restaurant. I’ll be your number one customer.”
Clare laughs from the other end of the table. “Zac, Ivy wants to become a lawyer. She doesn’t want to be stuck in the kitchen all day. Do you know she always complains about cooking, yet she makes the best food out of all of us?”
Zac is about to put another piece of tofu in his mouth when he asks me, “Why do you want to become a lawyer? What inspires you?”
“Because of an accident in the past,” I tell him with a serious face, giving him the hint of why I don’t want him to be here.  
My heart is beating so fast. I want to tell him to get out before it’s too late, before they find out who he really is, but Zac only looks at me, his eyes wide and innocent as he takes in my serious sad face.
“Ivy,” Gigi says, interrupting our stares. “Don’t talk about the past when our guest is here.”
I nod and look down at my plate. I fork my food around the plate, not having the appetite to eat anymore.  
“Are you not hungry?” Zac asks, trying to relieve the heavy tension in the room. “Or is the dish too far from your reach? Here, I’ll get some for you.” 
Zac spoons some into his spoon and carefully places the food on my plate. I stare at the blob of greens. My heart aches. If only he wasn’t related to Dillon, I wouldn’t be in this dilemma. So I push my chair back, surprising everyone around the table, and making my excuses.
“I’m sorry, but I’m full now. Please excuse me.”
I hurry out of the dining room to the safety of my bedroom, but just as I’m about to reach it, I feel a hand grab me from behind and swing me around. I turn to face Zac. 
“What’s wrong, Ivy?” he asks me, his voice soft with concern, his emerald eyes darkening with worry.
I don’t waver. I don’t cave in. Instead, I tell him, “What’s wrong? You ask me what’s wrong? Shouldn’t I be asking you what’s wrong with you? I told you not to interfere in my life anymore, yet you’ve to come to my house.”
“Because you ran away from me back then. I hadn’t finished talking yet, but you ran away. I told you I’d find you no matter where you are.”
“Should I be congratulating you for being a stalker?” I ask sarcastically. “Just go home. I don’t have anything more to say to you. I’ve explained why I don’t want to see you.”
“No. Not until you answer me first,” Zac says stubbornly.
“What do you want me to answer?”
“That you’ll be my friend.”
“No. That’s my answer. Now go home.” 
God, why is he so adamant?
“No. I’m going to come here every day after school until you accept me as a friend.”
“Zac, why do you want to be my friend so much?”
“Because…” There’s something in his eyes that I can’t decipher. It looks like he’s having an internal battle. After a small second passes, he says instead, “Look, I just want to hang out with you.”
“Well, I don’t want to hang out with you. If my family knows you’re the brother of that man, they—”
“But your family loves hanging out with me,” he interrupts. “Nancy and Moon like me. And Clare says I—”
“That’s because they don’t know you’re Dillon’s brother.” 
He suddenly has a smile on his face and his eyes light up. “So before you knew Dillon was my brother, you liked me too, right?” 
“Zac!” I push him. 
Talking to him doesn’t work. Why is he twisting my words around?
“Just go. I don’t want to see you anymore,” I yell.
“But I want to see you,” he says sadly.
“You know how much I dislike you. Just leave and don’t come here anymore. And if I ever see you enter my property again, I won’t ever forgive you.” I run to my room and shut the door in his face. 
Not a heartbeat passes before he drums on my door.
“Ivy, please don’t act like this.”
I shout at him through the door. “Just go away. Don’t associate with any of my family members anymore.”
“Fine, you’re still angry at me because I made Mrs. Dale tell you off, so I’ll let you cool off first. I’ll see you at school tomorrow, then.”
 I’m not angry with him for telling Mrs. Dale, nor am I angry with him for calling me countless times before that. I’m angry because he’s being so persistent in his behavior, when I’ve told him countless times already that I don’t want to see him because he reminds me of Dillon. Because I’m scared and angry with myself that it has to be Zac, who’s just an innocent boy caught up in my family’s affairs.
I close my eyes and will myself not to cry. “When I see you tomorrow, Zac, let’s just pretend we’re strangers. Don’t come and talk to me.”
I hear a shudder followed by a long pause, then heavy footsteps leading away from my bedroom, back towards the dining room. 
I hear him make his apologies to Gigi and Clare. Moon whines a bit. Then there’s silence. I can’t help myself then. I carefully lift the side of the curtain to see Zac walking off to his car parked outside. I see him getting in and in a split second, his face is turned to me. I panic and quickly shut the curtain back in place, afraid he might catch me watching him. 
Hearing the sound of his car zooming away is like a knife in my heart. It hurts, and I’m bleeding slowly. 
Why is he making my life so complicated? It was fine before. Why does he have to come in and cause this problem? 
I place my palm on my chest. I can feel my heart beating again. I shouldn’t even ask myself these dumb questions. I know why I’m feeling like this. It’s because I like him too. Not as a friend, but as something more.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

ZAC

Sudden Calamity

It’s over, I tell myself. It should be over. She slammed the door in my face. If that’s not enough of an incentive to quit pestering her, then I don’t know what else is. I’ve got to think about my pride. Plus, there’s our family history. My brother killed her family in a car accident. We’re not meant to be together. We can’t be together. Plus, goddamn, I’m so young. There’s so much time to play around, so many girls to choose from. So why am I so serious about this girl? Why must my mind not listen to all of logical reasoning? Why must I feel so much pain when she says we should stop seeing each other?
Why? Why? Why?
I stare at Ivy’s house. My car is currently parked across the street. I don’t know what to do anymore. Should I go in, or should I not?
But what does it matter anyway? I’m already a stalker, just as she mentioned the night she slammed that door in my face.
I look at the passenger seat where I brought another fruitcake. Moon loved that cake. The last time I went over, she was beside herself, sitting on my lap and eating the cake until Clare told her to stop. Now I’m thinking of offering that cake again, just to ask where Ivy is.
Wanting to kick myself, I stop moaning and take action. What’s the point of dwelling when it’s not going to change anything if I don’t take action? Water won’t fill a glass until someone pours it, and food won’t cook itself until someone cooks it. The case applies to Ivy and me too. If I don’t ask, then I won’t know.
Stepping out of the car, God must see how distraught I am because he saves me by sending Clare over to pick up the mail. One look at me and she shouts from across the gate.
“Zac, hello!” She waves at me. “What are you doing hovering across the road? Come over here.”
I take her advice and march across. I give her a forced smile.
“What’s wrong?” she immediately asks, noticing my troubled face. 
If I had a sister, I would like someone like Clare. She seems to always understand my internal feelings.
“I’m fine,” I tell her, breathing a heavy sigh.
“Fine?” she quizzes, her eyebrows forming a frown. “Why the heavy breathing, then?”
“I’m okay.” I try to smile, but it won’t reach my eyes. 
“Well, I’m sure you’ll be fine again when you have dinner. Nancy’s just making it now. Come on in,” Clare says and opens the gate for me. 
I stand back, still lingering on the footpath.
Clare scolds me again. “Well, come on in. Don’t just linger on the footpath.”
I remember what Ivy told me. Not to step foot inside her property again. I’m not going to disobey her and make her angry. I’m already suffering enough in my one-sided love for her already.
“Ah…” I hesitate. “I’m only here to give this to Moon.” I hand her the fruitcake.
Clare opens the plastic wrapper and her eyes light up. “Fruitcake.” Clare beams. “You know how much Moon adores you. She’s just come back from her sport activity and is feeling quite glum, so I’m sure this would perk her right up.”
“Yes, I’m sure she’ll be happy,” I say, hesitating at the threshold. To deviate Clare’s mind from thinking I don’t want to come inside the house, I ask her instead, “Do you know where Ivy is?”
“Why? You didn’t see her at school? I thought you two go to the same school?” She probes me with her own questions instead.
How do I reply to her? I only scratch my head. “We do, but I didn’t see her today.”
With that reply, Clare decides to tease me even more. “Oh… missing her already?”
I only smile back, ignoring the burning heat on my face.
“Well, if you want to know where she is, you better come in. I don’t want to talk by the gate, you know. It’s getting cold here.”
The weather at this time of year isn’t that pleasant. The sharp wind is like a knife cutting into your skin. Some say the wind in Dunedin is so cold it’s like getting bitten. Since Clare was only supposed to come out to collect the mail, she didn’t wear enough clothing like me with my thick wooly jacket, thermal wear, and boots. Clare wears a flimsy shirt and cotton pants, not enough to keep that cold wind from biting her skin.
I hesitate again. 
She looks at me with querying eyes, shaking a little to keep herself warm. “Why are you not coming in? It’s freezing here.”
“Ivy doesn’t want me to visit here anymore, so I won’t go in. She might get angry.”
I don’t expect Clare to laugh at my explanation, but she does. I can feel my cheeks growing hotter, despite that blasted wind blowing cold onto my face.
“You two…” she says between her laughter. “You two act like boyfriend and girlfriend.” 
My cheeks grow even hotter still, and this time I feel the heat all the way down to my neck. If only it were true, I’d be very happy.
“Don’t worry about Ivy,” Clare says after her giggles die down. “If she yells at you, tell me. I’ll tell her I was the one that invited you in. Come on.” Then she pauses, turns to me again, and winks at me. “Or you could just say you’re here to court my little Moon… or me? That would burst her blood vessels.” 
That has her bursting into another fit of giggles. Feeling the cold air seeping into her skin, she rubs her bare arms and leads me inside the house. 
I chuckle under my breath and follow her closely, feeling somewhat happy at Clare’s fun personality.
We are mildly chatting away about how cold the weather is in Dunedin in winter when Nancy comes running out of the house, a look of panic on her face.
“Clare! Clare!” She comes out crying erratically. “Moon, Moon, she’s fainted. I can’t get her to wake up.”
Clare looks at me, a frightened expression on her face, then races inside to check on her daughter. I run after her. 
My heart is racing at a dangerous speed, but I try to calm myself down. In a situation like this, I can’t show I’m scared.
“Moon, Moon, sweetheart, wake up,” Clare cries, already clinging to her unconscious daughter when I get inside. 
Moon is lying on the floor, her head tilted at an odd angle, her eyes closed and her breathing uneven. I don’t know what it is, but somehow I get this feeling it has something to do with her diabetic condition. For this, Moon will need medical attention as soon as possible. Without hesitation, I take my cell phone out of my pocket and immediately dial for an ambulance. 
Turning to the crying Clare, who minutes ago was laughing and enjoying a carefree conversation with me about New Zealand’s weather, a sudden sadness overtakes me. I want to help her in any way possible. Seeing Moon in an awkward position, I extract Clare’s fingers from her daughter and put Moon in the recovery position. I take the blanket from the couch and drape it over Moon, sitting down by her side, waiting for the ambulance to appear. 
Clare glances at me with tear-stained cheeks, wondering why I would do such a thing.
“I’m sorry, Clare. I want to make sure she can breathe easily,” I tell her. I don’t explain anything else to her. She only nods, trusting my judgment.
I supposed my first aid training from last year helps out a lot. When seeing a casualty fall unconscious, it’s always imperative to put them in the recovery position, to make sure their airway is open and if any vomiting were to occur, it won’t choke them. 
Once satisfied Moon is all settled comfortably, I turn my attention to Nancy.
“Nancy, when did Moon faint?” I ask calmly. 
I can’t believe I’m this composed. Inside, I’m a crumpling mess.
“A short moment ago,” Nancy answers, gripping her hands together, like Clare is doing now. 
“Did she have anything to eat?” I ask again, moving my eyes from their clamped hands. I think if this has something to do with Moon’s diabetic condition. Then it must be something to do with her blood sugar level being too low. Otherwise, she wouldn’t be in this state.
“I don’t know. I just picked her up from school. She’s been complaining that she was so tired after the sports. I was about to cook her something to eat, but when I came back, she’d fainted already.”
All of us sit in the little lounge, with Moon on the floor. I sit to one side, watching all three Hamilton members. Clare is still crying openly, whereas Nancy sobs silently. The sight makes my heart break. 
“Moon will be fine. The ambulance will be here soon.”
I’m not even sure why I say this, but maybe I just want to reassure them. 
Not five minutes later, the ambulance arrives, and Clare goes to accompany her daughter while I drive Nancy to the hospital. 
Nancy’s hand is shaking when she holds on to her bag.  “We forgot to call Ivy, Zac. We forgot to call Ivy.” Even as she says this, her hands won’t stop shaking. 
Right now we’re on the highway, driving towards the hospital. It’s a fifteen-minute drive by car. I know Moon will be safe now that she’s under medical care, but my main concern is actually Nancy. She’s shaking so much it’s scaring me.
I swerve the car so it ends up parked at an odd angle, then pull out my cellphone and dial Ivy’s number. Turning to Nancy, I reassure her that I will call her granddaughter so she won’t have to worry. 
“It’s okay, Nancy. I’m calling Ivy now. She’ll know. I’ll tell her to meet us at the hospital.” I try comforting her, but again, the shaking won’t stop. 
I hold her hand tight to stop her shaking. Once she calms down, I release my hold and turn my attention to the phone and pray to God Ivy will pick up on the first ring. 
The phone continues ringing. I grit my teeth with worry and turn to Nancy. 
Nancy only nods at me, her lips trembling, another set of fresh tears streaming down her wrinkled cheeks. I can’t help but place my hand on Nancy’s trembling one again. I give her hand another tight squeeze then, to reassure her, while I listen to the ringtone on the other end, waiting for Ivy to pick up.
It’s so sad to see a seventy-five-year-old lady crying. Her silent tears really hurt me, and at that moment, I just want to hug her. I don’t get to act out my thoughts, though, because Ivy picks up the phone then.
“Ivy, it’s Zac—” I hurriedly say, but she immediately cuts me off.
“Zac, what are you doing calling my phone? I told you I don’t want to hear from you.” 
Damn! She cuts off the call.
I grit my teeth and curse. I see Nancy and make my apology. “I’m sorry, but Ivy’s not picking up.” 
I try again. This time it takes her a bit longer to pick up. 
“What do you want, Zac?” she yells the second she picks up her phone again. “Didn’t I tell you not to interfere—”
“Just be quiet for a second, Ivy,” I shout back, interrupting her midsentence. “Come to the hospital quick. Moon has fainted.” 

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

IVY

The Beginning of Something New

Oh God, please let Moon be okay, I pray, holding my phone tight against my chest. I’m in a taxi heading to Dunedin Hospital. Zac called just moments ago as Sam’s lesson was about to start. Moon has been admitted into hospital because of low blood glucose. 
I start blaming myself. Why didn’t I take good care of Moon? I should be the one to pick her up from school, not Gigi. I should be with Moon right now, not with Sam, teaching him algebra. 
As the taxi nears the hospital, I rush out. My heart is in my throat as I search for the receptionist. Just as I’m about to approach one, I hear my name being called. 
“Ivy!” 
I swivel around to see Zac. 
“This way.” Zac gestures, leading me to an elevator. 
I follow behind him, my steps fast. My face is pale and body is shaking. Zac holds on to my hand as we ride the elevator to the fifth floor, where the children’s ward is situated. 
If we were in a different situation, I would have flicked his hand away from mine already and told him off for holding my hand without my permission like this, but because I’m in this state, I ignore his handholding, focusing instead on reducing the trembling quake that has settled in my body. 
I take a few deep breaths, trying to calm myself down, but my body just won’t stop shaking like a leaf in winter.  
“Don’t worry, Ivy.” Zac reassures me quietly, his hand gripping mine as if to comfort me further. “Moon’s been admitted in already. We should know the results soon.”
I numbly nod. Those words are so kind that I suddenly find myself trembling even more. Zac seems to know my condition has worsened, and he immediately turns to me, his hand gripping mine tighter. 
“Ivy, what’s wrong. Tell me?” he asks, his tone very caring.
“Zac. I can’t… I can’t…” I can’t speak. I can feel my legs caving in. 
What’s wrong with me? Why am I so weak? Why must I be like this in front of Zac? Why am I showing Zac my weak side? 
But Zac doesn’t seem to think like this. 
The elevator door dings open just as my body decides to collapse with fear. Zac catches me in time and leads me out to sit on a chair in the hallway.  
I feel lightheaded and my body feels like lead. My eyes frantically scatter everywhere, searching for something, for someone, but I can’t register anything. I feel sick. Fear, it’s fear that’s making me sick. 
“Ivy.” I hear my name being called. 
It’s Zac, but I don’t look at him. I’m too nervous, too scared of this whole situation. Instead, I try to calm my heart, but it continuously thumps, and now I feel myself about to break down.  
Zac tilts my chin up so I’m now facing him. He’s crouching on the floor in front of me. His face is on level with mine. Placing his hands on either of my cheeks, he draws me close and looks into my eyes.
“Ivy, look at me,” he demands, though his voice is soft and gentle.
I tear my gaze away from the floor and look into his emerald irises. They are light, a nice green color that sparks. A little tear escapes from the corner of my eye. And that’s when I do break down. I shake my head and collapse into his arms. 
 “Zac. I’m a bad aunty,” I sob into his shoulder. “I didn’t look after Moon. It was my duty to look after her, but I wasn’t there for her.” 
Zac hugs me in return and pats me on the back. His fingers thread through my hair in an attempt to make me feel better. And in a way, I do feel a little better. I look up at him when he whispers softly in my ears. 
“It’s okay, Ivy. You didn’t do anything wrong. These things happen.”
“But… but…” I shake my head, trying to find fault with myself. I’m wrong. I know I’m wrong, so why is he defending me? I should have been there when that happened, not some stranger like Zac. “I wasn’t there for her when she needed me most.” I correct him. “I should have been the one to call the ambulance.” 
“It’s okay,” Zac soothes me. I only sob harder as he pats me gently on my shoulder. “Just let it all out. But once you’re done, you have to be strong. You’re the strength of your family. Don’t let them see you being weak.” 
I only nod as more tears continue to stream. I’ve never been so afraid of losing someone before. Five years ago, when the accident took place, I was still young, but now I understand more. I’m a grownup now. I don’t want to experience anything dramatic like that ever again.
When I calm down enough, I pull back. There’s a dark patch on the right shoulder of his shirt that has become visible when I lift my face away from his chest. 
Oh God, what have I done? I’ve destroyed his shirt. I have to buy him a new one. 
That’s what I’m thinking, but Zac, though, he’s oblivious to all this. He’s too focused on my distressed state at present to acknowledge the slobbery mess on his shirt. He simply brushes my last remaining tears off my cheeks.
I close my eyes, relishing the feel of his thumb moving against my skin. All thoughts of buying Zac a new shirt fly out of my mind as my heart suddenly starts pounding. It’s a different kind of pounding than the one before. This one is a nice pounding sound, the pounding made via that small skin-to-skin contact between Zac’s fingertips and my cheeks.  
Oh, Zac. What are you doing to me? You’re trying to make it harder for me not to like you, not to befriend you.
“Let’s go,” I hear Zac say. I open my eyes to see his hand fully extended in my direction. 
I look at his extended hand for a few seconds, not sure if I should take it. Taking it would signify we’re friends, but in reality, we are not. We were born as destined enemies. His brother is the one that killed my family. I should hate him. I should deny that hand.
“Come on, Ivy. I’ll help you up.” With his gentle persuasion, he cuts through my last remaining shred of resistance. I take his extended hand, and he hoists me up. Hand in hand, we walk to meet Clare and Gigi. 
Clare and Gigi are seated in the family lounge of the children’s clinic; their worried faces are displayed fully for all to see. I rush up to them. When Clare sees me, she gets up and hugs me. She sobs loudly in my arms.
“Ivy, Moon… I’m a bad mother,” she says in broken sentences. “I didn’t look after her. I should’ve taken care of her more.”
“It’s okay. She’s in good care now.” I pat her back and realize I’m saying almost the exact same thing Zac said to me just moments before.
I glance at Zac on the other side. He’s standing there awkwardly. I smile at him. 
Maybe Zac is right. I am the strength of this family. I shouldn’t act weak in front of them. If I do, who’s the standing pillar of the family? We’ll all be one crying, crumpling mess. 
Clare lets me go and slumps back in her chair, her eyes frantically scanning at the door every few seconds, waiting for the doctor to come out of the emergency room. I go to Gigi and hold her hands. She only nods at me and turns to look at the door too.
A few moments pass in solid silence. Everyone is deep in their own thoughts. Clare must be thinking about how bad of a mother she is, whereas Gigi must be thinking about Moon’s condition. My thoughts are half messed up with Moon’s condition and Zac’s presence. 
Once or twice, I can’t help but stare at that perfect form standing next to Clare, leaning back against the wall. His hair is disheveled, a black mess. There are dark shadows underneath his eyes, as if he hasn’t had a good night’s sleep since the last time I saw him. His eyes catch mine, and I flick my gaze to stare at the linoleum square floor instead. A few seconds pass, and I hear footsteps. Then two black boots enter my line of vision. 
“Cold?” that deep voice asks in sincerity.
I look up at Zac, unable to decipher his meaning. 
“Your hands are shaking again,” he explains when he sees my perplexed look. He sits himself next to me and holds my hand, in front of Clare and Gigi. 
I want to scream and tell him to pull his hand away from mine, but Gigi and Clare don’t seem to notice. I don’t know whether they’re pretending not to see our hands or not, but I’m glad because I pretend too. I take in his warmth that he so kindly offers me. When the doctor comes out of the emergency room, we all stand up. Zac is still holding my hand.
“You’re all related to Monica Hamilton?” the doctor asks, looking at all of us.
“I’m a friend of the family,” Zac responds.
The doctor only nods his head and starts explaining. “Well, Monica’s fine now. I’ve given her glucagon injection already. Make sure you monitor her blood glucose well. Her glucose level was very low when she was brought in. From what you’ve told me, I believe she skipped her meal during the sports day and was tiring herself out. That’s why she fainted. I’ve told the nurse to arrange for a bed in the children’s wing. If one of you can stay the night with her, that would be great. After tomorrow, she’ll be fine to leave.” With that said, the doctor gestures to talk to Clare in private. 
Clare goes willingly. I hear him telling her she must keep a close eye on her daughter. Children who suffer from diabetes can have many complications later on in life, like kidney infection, gum disease, glaucoma, and many more. 
Clare only nods her head. The doctor advises her to always let Moon wear her medical alert bracelet, and when she says we don’t have one, the doctor says he will help her arrange for one. With that said, the doctor then turns back to us and allows us to see Moon.
A nurse is present when we walk in. Moon is wide awake when we go to her. Despite being a little weak, she still smiles when she sees Zac.
“Zacky,” she cries with her little screechy voice. “You didn’t come to visit me every day like you promised.” 
“I’m sorry.” Zac lets go of my hand to go hold Moon’s little ones. “Are you hungry?”
“Mm-hmm.” Moon nods her head tiredly. 
“I’ll go buy something for you to eat, then. You just rest here. What do you want?” 
Zac is very caring. Somehow I feel a gob of emotion welling up inside me, and at that moment, I have the urge to burst out crying again. 
“Hamburger,” Moon says weakly.
Zac only laughs. I think he’s trying to lighten the atmosphere.
“How about I go buy you a chicken sandwich? Would you like that?”
“Mm-hmm.” Moon nods and starts looking around for her mum.
“I’m here, honey.” Clare comes and hugs her daughter. Gigi goes to kiss Moon’s head. 
“Vivi,” she calls out to me when she sees me. I run and hug her small form. 
“I’m sorry, Moon,” I say, but my voice is starting to break. “I promise I’ll take care of you from now on. Aunty promises, okay?”
“Mm-hmm.” Again, Moon only nods tiredly and hugs me. 
“Vivi and Zacky will go buy you a sandwich now. We’ll be right back, okay?” Zac says from behind me. 
I look up at him. Does he really want me to go? But then, of course, I must accompany him. Moon is my niece after all. It’s not polite to let him run all the errands when this affair isn’t even related to him in the first place.
I kiss Moon on the cheek and leave to go with Zac. This time he doesn’t hold my hand as we walk into town to buy food for Moon. 
We walk together, our footsteps in sync with each other. We both walk in silence. 
Zac takes me into the heart of town. I haven’t been into town since I moved here, apart from the public library near the octagon, which is four blocks or so away from the main centre. Zac leads me into Meridian, one of the finest malls in Dunedin with its grand entrance and earthy décor. Going down to the ground floor, he leads me into a little café and buys me a sandwich. He turns to me and speaks for the first time.
“Are you hungry? We should get some takeaway for Clare and Nancy too.”
I don’t want to bother Zac, but my stomach responds to his question. He only smiles and leads me into a Cambodian restaurant. 
“I love Cambodian food. I hope you don’t mind if I buy this for you.” 
I nod and take a seat while he goes to put in our order. In the next few minutes, he comes back to sit beside me, telling me it will take about a few minutes before the meals are cooked. Then he places a bottle of apple juice in front of me.
“Drink this. You must be thirsty.” 
I turn to him, say my thank you, and am about to pick up the bottle when he gets to it first. He twists the cap, places a blue straw into it, and hands it back to me. 
My heart quivers. I can’t do anything much but take the drink from his hand and start sipping it. It’s cool on my throat, soothing it tremendously. 
“Better?” he asks, his face somewhat close to mine.
“Yes. Thank you,” I croak out in reply and turn away.
My heart is pounding in my chest. There’s silence all around. Zac doesn’t speak any further. He just sits there beside me. I don’t know what to say either. All I can do is continue to sip the apple juice, making a slurping sound as the juice is drawn up the straw into my throat. 
Ever so gently, though, I feel a hand grasp mine. A gentle grip at first, and then it grows firmer until our hands are fully grasping each other. I look at the hand entwined in mine. I look at the person linking his hand to mine. 
His face is composed; his eyes are staring off at the far corner of the restaurant, as if admiring the painting of Angkor Watt, the seventh Wonder of the World. But looking farther, I realize his face isn’t so well composed. There’s lightness in his eyes and his lips are traced upwards, as if almost forming a smile, a hidden smile he doesn’t want me to see. 
The longer I let his hand hold mine, the wider that smile becomes, until he’s fully grinning like a dork. I smile as well and turn away to look at the beautiful chandeliers.
We sit like this for some time, both of us staring in our respective directions, shyly refusing to look at each other but relishing the fact that our hands are still connected. As passersby come and go, they can’t hide the smiles on their faces. They must think we’re two young people in love. 
I want to retract my hand when this thought comes to mind, but Zac seems to sense my withdrawal. He holds on to my hand even tighter. In the end, I let him hold my hand until the waitress comes and gives us our takeaway.
Standing up, we both walk back to the hospital in silence again, but our hands are still holding on to each other. I also hold Moon’s sandwich, whereas Zac holds the bag of Cambodian takeaway.
Since I can’t bear this oppressive silence any longer, I ask, “What did you buy?”
Zac’s face lights up the minute I ask this. He turns to me and grins. “It took you long to talk.” 
I stare at him in confusion. What does he mean by that? 
Zac smiles and says, “I didn’t want to start a conversation, thinking you might need some time to compose yourself, but now it looks like you’re fine again.”
I smile back at him. “I’m fine now, Zac. Really, I’m stronger than this. But I think it’s because I’m hungry. That’s all.” I feign an excuse for my behavior.
“Well, I’m sure you’ll like what I bought,” he tells me. “Satay, fried noodles, and Cambodian pancakes. They’re all healthy and yummy.”
“I’ve never had Cambodian food before,” I say back. In fact, I should have told him that I’ve never even been inside a restaurant. That experience was the first.
“Well, I’m sure you’ll love it.” 
True to his words, I do love Cambodian food. I dig in like there’s no tomorrow, my hunger consuming me like a crazy animal as I leap into the food again and again until Zac pats my back and tells me to slow down.
“No one is going to steal your food. I’ve bought enough to feed everyone.” He chuckles. 
After this, I eat more slowly. Moon laughs too, seeing the way I eat like I’ve been hungry for centuries. I smile back, happy she’s back to her usual self.
 After dinner, unfortunately, visiting hours are over. Zac drives Gigi and me back home. Clare stays behind to look after Moon. 
On the journey home, Gigi sits in the back seat while I’m sitting in the front next to Zac. It’s early May, but when seven o’clock hits, the sky gets dark. Zac has to turn on his headlights to see. I stare at the streetlamps that pass us like streaking stars. It’s so beautiful, though. There’s silence inside the car, but this time, it doesn’t scare me. Instead, I rest my head and close my eyes, relishing this comfortable silence.  
Some twenty minutes later, we arrive home. Gigi thanks Zac and goes inside. I’m still standing outside, shivering in the cold night air. I don’t know why I don’t want to go back inside the house yet. I think inside me, I want to thank Zac first. So I keep hovering around, standing outside the car until he appears on my side.  When he sees me shivering, he says urgently, “You should go inside the house, Ivy. It’s warmer.”
I smile, hearing the trace of concern in his voice.
“I’m fine.” I smile up at him. Our eyes catch each other’s, and for that small split second, everything else is forgotten. 
Inside my head, I’m still pondering on ways to thank this guy for saving our family throughout this event. Should I buy him a gift, maybe a new shirt for the one I destroyed? In the end, I settle for a simple thank you, maybe followed by a gift at a later date. 
“Thank you for everything today. I really appreciate your help,” I say, breaking our eye contact first. I’m about to turn and go into the house when he catches my hand. I stand still, my heart pounding erratically again. 
“Ivy,” he whispers softly. 
I turn to face Zac. He has a determined look on his face. I look up at him, willing him to speak further. He just grips my hand tighter, as if begging me to understand what he meant by that pressure on my hand. I still don’t understand what he means, so I quietly ask, “What is it?”
“If… if… it’s all right, could you, maybe…?”
I wait for him to continue, let him take the time to compose himself. Seeing him take a deep breath, I brace myself of what’s about to come next.
“Can I maybe be your boyfriend?” he lets it out all in one breath.
I gasp, staring at him in shock.
Boyfriend! Does he want to be my boyfriend? 
As if sensing I might refuse, he quickly corrects his mistake. “What I mean is friend, to be your friend. A friend that just so happens to be a boy, like me. So a… boy… friend.” 
My heart slows. I look at him again, feeling all kinds of trepidation running through me. Then I look at his hand that is currently holding on to mine. 
All throughout today, that hand has been holding mine, giving me support throughout all of my emotional downpour. Then my thought shifts to Dillon. If Zac were anything like Dillon, he wouldn’t waste his time on my family like this. He wouldn’t waste his breath calling an ambulance and taking Gigi to the hospital. Zac is a genuine person, so very different from Dillon. He really invested a lot of his time with my family. Zac truly is an exceptionally friend, a friend who supports his friend when I need him. So I smile and finally give him my answer 
“If my family sees you as a friend, then I don’t mind you as a friend either.”
Zac grins from ear to ear and grasps my hands within his. “God, I love your family,” he says without losing that smile. “I’ll see you tomorrow at school, friend.” 
I watch him leave, my heart smiling warmly at the sight, like a little kid who’s been rewarded with his favourite candy. 
Yes, see you tomorrow at school… friend.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

ZAC

A Sick Fool in Love

I stand with Elsa in my hand, staring at Ivy. She has her head turned away from me. A twitch of a smile plays at the corners of my lips. Ivy looks pissed off. She has on one of those grouchy masks again. I can’t help but chuckle into the microphone. But then all eyes immediately turn to me.  
Gee. I didn’t mean to chuckle for everyone to hear me like that. But that did catch Ivy’s attention and now she has her face directed at me. 
Finally. Let’s get the show started. 
I continue to stare at Ivy and then wink at her. She doesn’t acknowledge my wink. Instead, it’s actually Mandy who’s screaming her head off. 
What is with Mandy screaming like that?
I shake my head and ignore Mandy, turning my attention to Ivy instead. Then I wink at her again.
“Oh, Zac’s winking at me again,” Mandy shouts out.
The wink is not for you, Mandy, I grumble inside my head. 
Ivy just looks even more annoyed. I shake my head and turn to my band mates. Forget about my winking game. It isn’t working. I’ll just explain to her with the song I’ve composed instead.
I guess she’s still pissed with me. I shouldn’t blame her, though. I kind of told her a little lie. Okay, well, it’s a big lie, then. I told her she should wait for me after class and then I’d take her home. I told her to meet me at the school auditorium because I had to get Elsa from my locker, which is near the auditorium.
Well, what a surprise it was for her when she thought that I would pick her up there. Instead of seeing me with Elsa all alone waiting for her, she sees me onstage with my band and a bunch of girls screeching their heads off. 
I thought Ivy was going to turn back and leave me, but I guess she has to walk home if she doesn’t wait for me to finish band practice. I already made sure the bus has left. Well, that would prevent her from leaving. Aren’t I a cunning one? 
Okay, the only reason I’ve resorted to tricking her is because I want her to listen to the song I composed for her. 
After taking Ivy home last week, my heart swelled up like a balloon. Ivy said we could be friends. I thought this was the perfect opportunity to strike out my cord. 
When we’re friends, we can hang out together. This gives me the perfect opportunity to talk to her and be close to her without Ivy thinking it’s weird. I can even act suspicious, like hold her hand without her permission or touch her, and she won’t even mind. All because of that one single safe word: friend. 
Oh God, I am way over the moon right now. When I arrived home that day from Ivy’s house last week, I couldn’t sleep a wink. I stayed up all night to compose this song for her. 
It wasn’t finished then, so I spent every single night after that composing and playing the song out on Elsa, testing it to make sure today, when I get to sing to her, everything would be perfect. I only survived on sleeping the minimal amount of hours so that I could get by during class without my head dropping on my desk.
Now it’s all complete. I was so happy this morning that even when I went to eat breakfast with panda eyes and Catalina was ringing my ears, lecturing to me that I should be thinking more about sleeping than spending every single night composing this song, I was still happy. Nothing can burst my happy bubble now. Not even seeing Ivy’s grumpy face. I have Ivy in my clutches now. And I can’t wait to sing this song to her. 
I smile at Ivy when I catch her gaze again. I make sure not to wink at her again, just in case Mandy thinks it’s for her. 
Ivy just glares at me. I smile at her again and shake my head in a playful manner, to tell her that her bad mood isn’t affecting me.  
I turn to my band mates and, with my usual signal, ask them if they’re ready. They know my signal and a second later, I start playing Elsa and then Loki joins in. 
Ivy, this song is for you. 

It started with one single dare,
That led to one single kiss,
But now my heart is struck by you.
Do you know what’s wrong with me?
Because I can’t eat, can’t sleep.
I think I’m sick

Ivy, can you hear me? It started with that dare with Kai, and then I kissed you. Now I can’t stop thinking of you. Do you know why?

It started with algebra,
And a conversation that led into my dreams,
But now my heart is charmed by you.
Do you know what’s wrong with me?
Because I can’t talk, can’t think. 
And I think I’m sick

Yes, Ivy, it also started with algebra. Now you’ve charmed my heart, and I can’t stop thinking about you. Do you know what’s wrong with me?
It’s because I love you. I love you, Ivy. I don’t just have a crush on you. I love you. I want to tell you this, but I’m scared you might reject me, so this is the only way. 
Forgive me if I make you mad. But I can’t help but do this. From the way my heart thumps like I’m having heart palpitations to the way I’m always acting like a fool when I’m around you. Because I love you, Ivy. I’m a sick fool who’s in love with you.
I stare at Ivy standing among the crowd of teenage girls in our school auditorium. She’s the only one standing stock-still, compared to all the other girls screeching their heads off, dancing to the tune as they hear me sing. 
I want to sing this next part in front of her, so I walk off the stage and start my journey to the front of the crowd where Ivy stands. 
The girls are going wild when they see me on the ground floor. They push and shove each other as I make my way down stage to sing closer to them.
It’s been a good few months since I last held a microphone in my hand and sang with this much glory. Now with Ivy standing right in front of me, I put all my love and energy into each word as I sing to her.  

Because I’m in love with you, in love with you.
I think I fallen, fallen, fallen in love with you.
Because I love you, I love you.
I think I fallen, fallen, fallen in love with you.
See my eyes, the love I have for you.
See my eyes, the world I give to you.

I stare at Ivy, half smirking and half smiling at her. She’s scolding at me. I know because she’s making that grouchy face again. All the other girls, though, are shoving each other, trying to get in front of Ivy. Ivy, who isn’t well prepared for the onslaught of the crowd, ends up tossed to the side. I follow her as she gets pushed to the edge.

One little touch that can make me go into this paralyzed state,
Or that one little smile that can make me smile,
And I act like a love fool,
A lovesick fool that is in love with you.

Ivy, can you hear the lyrics to my song? One little touch from you and I can’t think straight. My skin burns wherever you touch, yet I want you to keep on touching me.
The girls are screaming like mad. Mandy is going a bit overboard, hyperventilating when I stand in front of her, looking at Ivy. She flutters her arms about like she’s going to faint. I move forward until I’m near the edge of the crowd where Ivy is. 
Ivy is being passive. She’s being pushed around to the back again. I’m getting rather annoyed with this nonsense. 
Get it together, girls. I’m singing this song for Ivy, not you Ashley, or Carina, or Mandy. Stop pushing in front of her.

One little gesture that can make me think of you all day,
Or that one little kiss that now traps me in your love.
I surrender myself to you.
And I act like a lovesick fool for the whole day.

I go to the other edge of the crowd, where Ivy ends up, but I realize there’s no point in attempting this route. Ivy is just going to be pushed about again, so I go back up onstage. When my eyes connect with Ivy’s, I sing my solo. 
  
That’s because I love you, I love you.
I want to confess I’m in love you.
That’s because I love you, I love you.
Please tell me you’re in love with me too.

See my eyes, the love I have for you.
See my eyes, the world I give to you.
See my eyes, I want to give you all of me.
See my eyes, I love you forever, for all eternity

The song ends, and applause erupts around us. I smile and wave at everyone, making sure all this time my eyes stay in contact with Ivy’s. After the applause dies down, I say through the microphone, “Let’s go to Little Café to celebrate Apollo’s new single.”
“Plus, for Zac getting well again,” Kai yells from somewhere in the crowd. 
I smirk at him. “Yeah. That too.” Then I jump offstage and approach Ivy. She’s standing all the way at the back. “Ivy, my new friend, you’re coming too,” I say when I go to her. And without her saying a word, I literally drag her from the crowd and push her toward my car. Ivy complains the whole way. 
“Let me go, Zac. Didn’t you tell me you’re going to take me home?”
“I will,” I tell her. “Just after our little celebration.”
“But I want to go home, Zac. Home.” She drums her feet like a kid. I find that super adorable. 
“I know you want to go home, but don’t you want to hang out with your new friend? You said I was your friend last week. We didn’t get to hang out with each other at all. Shouldn’t we create a bond together now?”
The bond that I’m planning to make has nothing to do with friends.
After another quiet minute, she looks up at me and says, “Fine.” 
I smile and open the door for her, happy I’ve accomplished one of my goals, to be close to Ivy. Now it’s up to nature to play our fate. After some time of close contact, I’m sure Ivy will see me as her potential boyfriend. 
I snicker to myself at this thought. Ivy just frowns at me and asks what I’m snickering about. I shake my head and smile. I don’t want her to find out about my plan, so I gesture for her to get into the front seat, to sit right beside me, just the two of us, so we can chat and converse about random things as I drive us to Little Café. Just that thought alone sends a thrill down my spine. 
Oh, I can’t wait—
What the hell? Where did Ashley come from? 
Out of nowhere, Ashley suddenly climbs into the front seat. I blink my eyes. I can’t believe this. I demand to know who’s invited her.
I’m about to yell at her to leave when Ivy opens the back door and steps in. All of a sudden, Carina and Stacy come rushing in too. 
What? Where did all these girls come from? I didn’t invite any of them.
I don’t want to ruin my good mood, so I turn my attention to Ivy. She looks like she’s having trouble with her seatbelt. 
No amount of tackling can get my old car to release her belt to you, Ivy.
I smile warmly up at her and ask through the opened door, “Want some help? My car can be a little stubborn sometimes.” 
“No. It’s fine. I can do it myself,” she grumbles while tackling her seatbelt again. 
Why did she have to choose that particular seat? That seatbelt will not work until I give it a hard tug. 
Seeing how upset she is with her fruitless efforts, I feel sorry for her and help her. 
Actually, I want to see her try a bit more because she looks too cute, what with that determined look on her face, but instead, I heave in, invading her personal space. Yes, rule number one of being a friend: invade your friend’s personal space and you still won’t get told off. 
I’m right. Ivy doesn’t tell me off, but she does suck in her breath as I fumble with her belt.
My old car still doesn’t budge when I tug at her to release the belt. I realize I’m spending a little too long trying to get the belt in place, and by the time I’ve completed my task, Ivy has her eyes closed. 
I look at her straight in the eyes; my nose is only a trace from touching hers. I smile and blow warm air onto her face, wanting her to wake up. 
Ivy must feel the air tickle her face because in the next second, her eyes flutter open.
I’m caught off guard by her beautiful chestnuts irises. There won’t be a day I will stop looking at those beautiful eyes. I vow to myself right then that this is the girl I want to marry. No matter what obstacles are in our way or whether all hell breaks loose, she’s definitely the one for me. 
Ivy continues to fix her gaze on me too. I smile. “Hey. Just sit there for a bit. It won’t be long before we reach Little Café.” 
Her face blushes red and she nods. I love seeing her looking shy. I just want to pinch her cheeks and kiss them so they get redder. 
I only chuckle, though, and get into the front seat. Pressing my foot on the accelerator, I speed to Little Café, hoping for Ashley, Carina, and Stacy to stay silent. But I guess that’s too much to ask. When the car moves out, their voices boom out all at once. “Oh, Zac, you were amazing.” 
I know then that my plan of a peaceful ride will never reach fruition.  

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

IVY

Girlfriends

“Oh, Zac, you were amazing,” Ashley says, fluttering her arms like she’s about to swoon. Then I hear a thump on the front seat. I bet that must be her pretending to faint. 
“I love that song,” Stacy has to put in. 
“I agree,” Carina, who’s sitting next to me, says. 
Carina is so absorbed with wanting to catch Zac’s attention in the rearview mirror that she’s squashing me against the car door. Now it’s digging into my hip. 
Oww. 
Why must I condemn myself to their company? And why are they constantly seeking Zac’s attention? Is he some kind of Greek god or something? Actually, speaking of that Greek god, shouldn’t he be the one to blame for my current condition? If he didn’t force me to go to Little Café and literally jam us all into his small car, then I would’ve been home by now. 
Thinking back on the event only makes my blood boil. I shouldn’t have believed him when he said he’d take me home. Instead, I ended up wedged into the school hall, watching him making eyes at Mandy while he was practicing with his band. And when he started singing that song… Oh, don’t get me started on this one. He practically sang it to every single girl in the hall. And here I thought we were friends. I trusted him. Now look! I’m the only one who’s suffering in this relationship.
I give an unladylike grunt to show I’m displeased with this whole situation. Zac flicks a smile in my direction through the rearview mirror. 
Was that his apology? I’m not going to forgive him. I toss my head to look out at the passing scenery instead. 
Although my eyes are looking at the disappearing sheep, my mind drifts to another time already. I’m replaying Zac putting on my seatbelt for me. 
My heart was drumming so loud and fast my ears were ringing. In fact, they were so hypersensitive that I could make out Carina and Stacy whispering as to why Zac would put on my seatbelt for me. 
I didn’t quite understand it either, now that I’ve the time to retrospectively review the event. Why would he go to so much trouble for me? 
Aaghh. Why am I even questioning these things anyway? It’s not going to make any difference to the situation I’m in now. I’m still wedged like a pancake. No amount of shifting will change that fact.
And when are we going to arrive? My hip is hurting like crazy.
“Zac, that song you sang was amazing,” Stacy comments again, drawing me out of my raging thoughts.
“I know, right? Who did you sing it to?” Carina asks.
“Were you singing to one of us, Zac? You kept on staring in our direction?” Ashley probes.
Zac coughs, and I look up and our eyes accidently catch in the rearview mirror. Zac gives me a smug look and a dashing grin.
Don’t even pretend to be nice. If my hip is still sore tomorrow, you’re in big trouble. 
I give him one of my cold glares as an answer. But he… Why is he still grinning back at me? Don’t you know I’m mad with you, Zac? Stop that grinning at once. 
Of course, Zac can’t hear my internal thoughts. He continues to give me his dashing grin. This time I simply ignore him and turn my attention to the passing scenery again. 
I really don’t like eavesdropping on people’s conversations. That’s not one of my normal traits, but because we’re jammed in here like sardines, any conversation they speak ultimately gets transferred into my ears. And now I can’t help but pry.
“Come on, Zac, tell us,” Ashley asks again when he doesn’t reply.
“Maybe.” I hear Zac chuckling as if he finds their conversation funny. 
But the girls don’t seem to find it humorous at all. From the look on Carina’s face, she looks pretty serious to me. 
“Oh, Zac, really?” she asks, her tone increasing an extra notch.
“Could it be me? Did you sing it to me?” Stacy, on Carina’s other side, starts hopping in her seat.
“Of course not. He was singing to me,” Carina argues.
Those two keep on bickering with each other, and my head is about to burst with a headache.
“Girls! Girls!” Ashley comes to my rescue. “Everyone knows the lead singer of Apollo will only go out with someone who’s refined and a top representative in the whole school. And wasn’t it true that in the lyrics, Zac sang it started with algebra and then a conversation about his dreams. I’ve taught Zac algebra. And we’ve talked about his dreams.”
“Are you referring to yourself, Ashley?” Carina asks.
“Yes, I am. Isn’t that right, Zac?” Ashley asks him sweetly.
Really? Ashley taught Zac algebra too? I thought that was Mandy. I myself have taught him, but it was only for a few lessons, so that didn’t really count. My ears pry open again, wanting to listen to Zac’s response.
“Girls.” Zac chuckles instead. “Please. You don’t have to take it too seriously.” At that split second, Zac’s eyes catch mine again. Why is he staring at me so intently? It’s making me nervous. “I was only joking,” he says and then turns back to look at the road. 
The girls slump back in their seats, slightly defeated. But somehow Ashley just doesn’t get the hint, so she probes for more information. 
“That’s no joke, Zac. I saw your eyes staring in our direction. Tell us. If it’s not me, then who were you staring at?”
“Really?” Zac asks, enjoying his time taunting the girls. “I didn’t notice.”
“Come on. Just give us a hint.” Carina is whining like a baby beside me.
“Girls,” Zac drawls out again, followed by another chuckle. “Please. Let’s change the subject. Who’s going to get an ice chocolate? I’ve heard it’s very good.”
“Don’t change the subject. We’re still talking about who you sang that song to.” Ashley tells Zac off sweetly.
“I know. I know. You must have been looking at Mandy,” Stacy shouts out. Ashley turns to bore a hole straight through her.
“What?” Ashley asks in her heated voice. “Why would Zac look at Mandy?”
“I don’t know. I’m just assuming. I saw him staring in Mandy’s direction,” Stacy comments.
What Stacy said catches my attention. Was Zac really singing that song to Mandy? Mandy stood beside me most of the time. I thought he was staring at me, but I may have been wrong. It kind of makes sense now when I think back to the lyrics. Mandy was also one of the few who taught Zac algebra lessons. 
Can it really be Mandy? Was Zac really singing that song to Mandy? 
“No, I wasn’t looking at Mandy.” Zac blatantly refuses. 
Okay, that’s one hypothesis out the window, then. 
Who did Zac sing to? When I find myself pondering that question, I get pissed off with myself. Why am I getting into his business? This is none of my concern. I grimly resume my gaze out the window. 
“Then who were you looking at when you were singing?” Ashley asks.
“Look, girls. You’re all analyzing the situation too deeply here. I was only practicing singing that song to my future girlfriend.”
“Future girlfriend?” They all gape. And that includes me. 
Ashley, who can’t seem to contain her excitement with this news, pounds Zac again with her hypothesis. “So what you’re saying is you don’t have a girlfriend yet. And you were looking at us to decide which girl you would like to be your future girlfriend.”
“Oh my God, Zac’s future girlfriend might be one of us,” Carina screeches in my ears, dancing around happily in her seat. She must think I’m invisible, because she doesn’t care at all when her elbow keeps on jabbing into my side. This makes me really mad. I glare at her, but all she does is ignore me and turn to speak to Zac instead. 
“Zac, tell us. What type of girl do you like?”
“Mmmm. Let’s see.” I hear Zac tapping his steering wheel. “I don’t know. Better ask Ivy. She would know what type of girl I like.”
I jump. I didn’t expect that. The girls turn to me, as if finally realizing I actually exist. 
All their eyes are focused on me, including Zac’s via the rearview mirror. I’m not used to getting all this attention. I’m not sure why they included me in their conversation anyway. So instead of answering them, I just make my presence known. 
“Yes,” I say to Zac. 
“Tell the girls here what kind of girls I’m into,” he repeats. 
“I don’t know.” I tell them the truth. 
“Ivy, I think you do know what type of girl I like. Tell them.”
I gape at him. “I told you I don’t know. Ask yourself.” 
Seriously, he’s asking me what type of girl he likes? It’s not like we’ve been friends that long. It’s only been a week. 
“Zac, tell me. Otherwise, I can’t sleep. I can’t eat and I can’t think,” Ashley says. 
Wait. That sounds like the lyrics of Zac’s new song. By now my interest is piqued once again. 
“Look, I’m sorry my eyes kept glancing at you girls, but it’s seriously not any of you. Don’t feel bad. It’s just a song I practiced. I want to sing it to this girl when she becomes my girlfriend.”
“Still. I’ll wait to see who this particular girl is,” Ashley comments. “And then I’ll cry my heart out.”
“I’m sorry.” Zac chuckles, then gazes at me again. Why is he staring at me so much? Even when he was singing that song, he was staring in my direction.
“Ivy?”
I glare at him. What now? Why is he so persistent? It’s none of my concern if he chooses one of them to be his girlfriend. 
“You okay?” 
“I’m fine,” I say, turning my face from the rearview mirror. 
Zac only shakes his head and gives another of his dashing smiles. The rest of the ride goes smoothly, with the girls changing subjects to what type of coffee they’re going to buy when they reach Little Café.
When we arrive, I’m thankful I’m reunited with Mandy. We go to a little booth and sit ourselves down. Not a minute later, a guy with a red beanie and a Polaroid camera in his hand walks to our table. I look up at him with a questioning gaze.
“So you’re Ivy?” He speaks to me in his Australian twang. 
I remember him playing on the electric guitar when Zac was performing his song. I conclude that he’s one of Zac’s band mates.
“Yes,” I reply.
“Mmmm. Not bad,” he mutters to himself, then sits down across the table from us.
I don’t understand what he’s referring to. Is it my lack of clothing style? Compared to Ashley, Carina, and Stacy, I’m like a country bumpkin sitting among the city chicks, what with my purple cardigan and my deep-blue jeans and sneakers.
I’m about to ask for clarification when Zac comes and interrupts me.
“Hey, Loki, why are you crowding over my new friend?”
“Friend?” Loki asks curiously.
“Of course they’re friends.” An Asian guy comes out of nowhere and hogs Zac on the back, which makes Zac swat him on the shoulder. The Asian guy whines but then chuckles at me.
“Hello, Ivy.” He takes out his hand for a shake and smiles at me. “I’m Kai. I happen to be this guy’s best bud, so if you want to know any of his secrets, just ask me. And for the record”—Kai leans closer to me—“he cries like a baby.”
“Get off it,” Zac says shyly, shoving his friend roughly to the side until he’s now sitting next to me. “Don’t believe him, Ivy. I don’t have any secrets, and I don’t cry like a baby.”
I only shake my head at their display. The way they interact, they look very close.
While Zac, Kai, and the one named Loki converse with each other across the table, I notice another of their band mates isn’t joining them. He somehow appeared to sit at the head of our booth without me noticing. 
I look at him. He doesn’t talk. He only drinks his coffee. Then in a flash, his eyes catch mine, and I flick mine to stare at the empty table in front of me. 
When I look up again, he’s still staring at me. His face is serious and stoic like. It’s as if he’s contemplating why Zac has chosen me to be his friend.
I get quite nervous when people stare at me like that, so I look down again. Mandy comes to my rescue and asks him what his deal is. 
Zac just chuckles. “Don’t mind Trey. He’s the observant one.”
The three girls following Zac like little cocky hens after a handsome roster come and sit at our table too. They all gather around him, pushing me even farther into the corner. 
I watch Ashley, Carina, and Stacy as they pluck some cream and give it to Zac to eat. He looks at me and only opens his mouth wide. 
Disgusting. What is wrong with him? Why is he acting so intimate with them if he doesn’t like them?
I turn my eyes from them, and they land on Loki. 
“Smile,” Loki says, and before I can even prepare myself, a flash blinds my vision. As I blink away the spots, he hands me the picture.
“Let’s see.” Zac takes the picture from my hand and looks at it before I even have a chance. That Zac, why is he being like this? He even smirks at me and says, “You look funny, Ivy.”
I want to take a look at my own picture, but Zac pockets it. I make a scolding face. I want to ask him why he took my photo, but I can’t get his attention now that he’s gone back to talk to the hens. 
After some time, the mood of the café takes on a playful tone. Right now, I’m surrounded by my own clan. I find myself sitting next to Kai, who’s talking to me a mile per minute. My friend Mandy, who was sitting to my right before, is now sitting on the other side, busy gobbling at her carrot cake. Loki sits next to Kai, playing with his camera. Zac and his hens are on the other side of the table, facing me. At the end of the table is Trey, who still continues to stare at me in his own weird way once in a while. 
“Aren’t you eating anything, Ivy?” Zac asks out of the blue. 
I shake my head. It’s not that I’m not hungry, but I’m trying to save money for more important things, like going to university or buying Zac that shirt I owe him. 
Zac, as if noticing my dilemma, shouts to everyone that whatever we want is his treat today. The hens screech like parrots now, including Mandy. I shake my head, content enough to just wait for them to finish their snacks before Zac can take me home.
When Zac looks at me again, he shakes his head and clicks his tongue while looking at my space on the table, which lacks any food or drinks like the others. Zac gets up abruptly, leaving the hens dumbfounded for a bit, disappearing off to somewhere. I don’t pay him any attention. All I’m thinking is how long it will be before I can go home. 
A few minutes pass by as I continue to listen to everyone’s conversation. Then all of a sudden, a glass of ice chocolate is placed in my view, accompanied by little éclairs and bacon and egg pie. Zac also leaves a fork and a knife on either side of the plate. I stare at the food in front of me, mouth watering. 
“Eat it,” he says. I turn my eyes to him, and he catches them. We both stare at each other. I try to tell him with my eyes that it’s not necessary to buy them for me. But he doesn’t seem to understand my body language. 
I’m about to speak out loud when he invades my personal space, pushing past Mandy. He leans in close—very, very close to me, right in front of everyone. He only stops when his nose is almost touching my cheek, then whispers into my ear, “It’s not polite to refuse your friend’s offering. So eat it.” With that said, he goes back to his seat, staring at me from across the table. 
I turn my eyes to look at him again, unsure of whether I should take his offer. My stomach tells me to go for it, but my mind is resistant. Now I owe him for this glass of ice chocolate, éclairs, and the bacon and egg pie. I haven’t even paid him for the shirt I destroyed at the hospital last week.
Zac only nods at me, his eyes indicating to eat the food. Without further prompting, my body takes charge and I find myself gobbling down the food in an instant.
After some time, I become quite conscious of the many pairs of eyes staring in my direction. I pull back and look at what is left on my plate. 
Was I really that hungry? I can’t believe I almost finished everything on my plate. 
I burn bright red. Again, I lost myself to the world of great food. But those éclairs and bacon and egg pie are just too divine. If I had no audience in front of me right now, I would even lick my fingers. 
Zac only chuckles as he watches my reaction. “You know, if I had a girlfriend, I would look for someone like you, Ivy, someone with a healthy appetite, not some skinny one who’s afraid to eat.”
I’m busy sucking the ice chocolate, but hearing the word girlfriend and my name in one sentence, I literally choke midway.
It’s a very messy sight. And I’m embarrassed that everyone ends up witnessing it. Even Zac, of all people. I think I’m about to have a heart attack. 
Did he really say he wants me as his girlfriend? Don’t be silly, Ivy. Zac said he wants someone like me. I’m only an example.
“Ivy, are you okay?” Mandy rubs my back. I can only blink at her.
“I’m fine,” I finally manage to say. Then I give Zac an icy glare. What is he implying, saying things like that? He’s making me lose my equilibrium.
Zac doesn’t mind my icy ray beaming at him. He looks content, with one hand supporting his chin, smiling at me in his own teasing way, like he’s having so much fun seeing my disheveled state. 
Suddenly, I notice the screeching parrots are gone. And when I look around, all the girls who were surrounding Zac before are now lining up to buy more food. 
Are they for real? Just because Zac points out they’re too skinny for his taste, they all go to buy more food. Well, so be it. To show I’m upset by the whole event, I decide to stop eating too. 
All the girls come back with cheesecake and éclairs and start gorging on their delicacies like there’s no tomorrow. The guys from Zac’s band, Trey, Loki, and Kai, are all laughing at the sight of the girls with cream all over their faces. Mandy and I want to laugh too, but that is just being impolite, so we refrain ourselves.
After a fun adventure of hanging out with Zac’s entourage, I’m finally relieved that our outing has finished and we are now heading home. But in my whole life, I did not anticipate Zac dragging me into his car, leaving his entourage behind. I did not anticipate seeing Mandy with her mouth gaping open or seeing Zac’s band or the hens as they stare at me with wide eyes.
But that is exactly what happens when Zac says, “Let’s go, Ivy. You’re coming with me. Everyone else, find your own way home.”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

ZAC

Friendship Gifts and Subtle Hints

“Don’t you think Ashley is cute?” I tease Ivy while my eyes are on the road. When I don’t hear a reply, I flick my gaze to her. 
Ivy has her arms folded tightly across her chest. She looks seriously pissed off. Her face scrunches up like she’s just eaten something sour. Even with that face, she still looks so cute. 
Is she still mad at me for teasing her? Or… can she really be jealous? 
Maybe. The more I think about it, the more it’s likely possible. Ashley did never stop hovering around me at Little Café. 
Mmmm. I really want to know for sure. So I test Ivy again. 
“Come on. Tell me, my dear friend. Do you think Ashley is cute?” I ask in my sweet, teasing voice. 
“Why do you want to hear my opinion so much?” She berates at me. 
“Because I want to see what my new friend thinks. If she were my girlfriend, would you approve? Then again, Carina is pretty cute too. Who do you like best? Who do you think suits me more? Carina or Ashley?” 
“Stop asking me,” she snaps. “Do you enjoy seeing me riled up?”
“Riled up?” I ask in my fake innocent voice. “What do you mean? I don’t understand.”
“I don’t enjoy talking about Carina or Ashley.”
“Why?” I ask, smirking. Ivy looks like she’s pouting. When she doesn’t reply, I chuckle again, then ask her the ultimate question. “Is it because you’re jealous?”
“Jealous?” she scoffs, her voice like a dragon breathing fire. “Why would I be jealous? You can like whomever you like. It doesn’t concern me. You should ask yourself who you like, not me. It’s just… I don’t like talking about them. That’s all.”
“Really?” I probe again. “Are you sure it’s not because you’re jealous?” 
“Yes.” Then she gives another huff and turns away.
My heart warms. Ivy is so riled up by this conversation that I know she must be jealous. And it’s all because of the subject of my future girlfriend. 
My cute little Juliet. She’s so smart when it comes to everything else, but when it comes to the matter of love, she just doesn’t have a clue.
“I was serious, though, when I said I would like a girlfriend who’s not too skinny,” I say matter-of-factly when she starts huffing again. Then I drop in another hint. “Someone like you would be nice.”
Ivy only stays quiet for a little while longer, then turns to look at me. She asks in her quiet voice, a soft tone now, no longer holding that fiery dragon from before, “Are you taking me home?”
“Nope,” I answer immediately, shaking my head. “I’m taking you to Laces, the boutique.”
“Why?” She moans in irritation. 
God, Ivy sounds so cute when she moans like that. 
I don’t usually see this side of her. I’m glad she sees me as her friend now, because I get the privilege of seeing her act like this. I know if I weren’t her friend, she would never show this cute side of herself. 
“Yes, to the boutique. And as for why, you have to wait and see.”
Ivy folds her arms across her chest again and mumbles quietly to herself. “I can’t believe you lied to me again. I thought you were going to take me home. I don’t trust you anymore. I don’t want to be your friend anymore. You’re so mean, Zac.”
I can’t help but laugh. That earns a glare from her. 
“What’s so funny?” she asks angrily, her cheeks going red again.
It’s only when my laughter dies down that I manage to let out, “You were mumbling to yourself. You sounded so funny, like a little kid whining. You sounded even worse than Moon.”
“Zac, I am not whining. I’m only complaining because you lied to me. You didn’t keep your promise.”
And then Ivy does something that is so out of character. She starts drumming on my arm. I’m so startled by her reaction that I only laugh even louder. 
“Ow! Ow! Stop it, Ivy,” I tell her when the drumming increases in speed and force. 
Before, when she declared she didn’t want me as a friend, she would be cautious around me, not allowing me to touch her anywhere, and now of her own free will, she has decided to touch my arm. Even if it’s in her little fit of rage, that still makes me happy. In fact, I’m way over the moon.
“Ivy, stop it.” I chuckle again, acting like a worm, trying to overthrow her maneuvers. 
Out of the blue, my common sense strikes back. This is dangerous. Having Ivy lash out her anger at me isn’t a problem, but I’m currently on the road, so I’m afraid if Ivy carries on, I might have a serious accident, what with me hitting a tree before.
I manage to somehow park my car in an awkward angle and hold her fists, stopping her before she causes me to have an accident on the road.
She stops hitting me and starts taking deep breaths. I find my own breath going shallow and have to heave more oxygen into my lungs too. 
The air around us turns heavy. My eyes glaze over, taking in her flushed cheeks and wide-open eyes. I stare at her chestnut irises that are dilated and my stare drops down to her pink lips. She pokes out her tongue and licks her lips and then her front teeth bite into her lower lip. 
Oh God. I think I’m falling deeper and deeper in love with this girl. Lord help me. Stop me before I commit a crime that goes beyond the boundary of our friendship. Please help me, because I want to touch those lips right now.
I swallow and grit my teeth, willing my hand to let her go. Ivy retreats like a cat who’s just escaped from the clutches of a dog.
“Ivy. Okay, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I laughed at you. I’m sorry I lied to you. But just this once, just trust me. I’ll take you to Laces and then I’ll drop you off home.” When she stares at me with that look of distrust again, her teeth biting her lip, I reassure her. “Seriously, Ivy. Just to Laces and then home. I promise.”
“You’re not lying this time?” she asks me, her eyes wavering.
“Cross my heart.” I smile at her, lifting the heavy atmosphere as I pretend to write a cross on my chest. 
Ivy smiles back, and I want to bang my head against the steering wheel then. 
God, she’s so cute. I want to kiss her right now. I want to be able to stop time and kiss her to my content. 
But time doesn’t stand still for me. A few minutes later, we arrive at Laces. I hold on to Ivy’s hand and take her to the women’s section. 
Despite it being called a boutique, there’s nothing small about Laces. Stretching from one end of the block, it covers an entire floor of the Grand Building. One can get lost in this store if one doesn’t know where they’re going.
Dragging Ivy until we’re in the formal section, I pull a few different dresses off the rack. I even make sure to pick out all the beautiful designer ones. Some have laced sleeves and others are sleeveless. I go to another row, pulling on to Ivy’s hand, and select a few smaller mini jackets to go with the sleeveless dresses. Then I dump the whole lot into Ivy’s hands. Ivy looks at me and then at the many beautiful dresses in her hands. 
“What are they for?” she asks me.
I chuckle again. “Ivy.” I stress her name softly. “They’re for you. Go try them on.”
“No. I don’t want them. I don’t need them.”
“I’m not asking if you want them or need them. I asked you to go try them all.”
“Are you demanding me, Zac?” She turns her face up to look at me, her own face determined as well. I can tell she doesn’t like to be bossed around. 
“Am I?” I ask back. 
“Yes, you are.” She drums her feet. “You’re always demanding. That’s one of your traits, Zac. Remember that time you asked me to pick up your crutches off the floor in the hospital. You demanded me to do it. Wouldn’t it be nice if you inserted some polite manners into your speech?”
Really? Am I always this demanding? And I don’t use polite speech? Gee, my behavior does sound appalling.
“I’m sorry if it came out that way,” I apologize. “Please, try them on.” When she hesitates, I tell her, “It’s a gift, for the start of our friendship.”
“But…”
I know she’s going to refuse me again, so I interrupt her and say instead, “No buts. Go try them on. Pleeeaaasssse.” 
It sounds like I’m a dog whining at its owner. But anything to make this girl happy; I’m happy to go along with it.
Ivy nods her head and smiles, then goes into the women’s changing room.
A sales assistant sees me and makes her way towards me. 
“Hello. Are you looking for formal dresses for your girlfriend?”
Girlfriend? Wow, she’s smart. I like her already.
“Yes. But I already found some. I’ve given them to her already.”
“Well, do you need anything else? Like a scarf or a belt to go with the dress.”
A scarf. Mmmm. I never thought of a scarf.
The lady assistant takes me to the accessory section. 
I fumble around, looking for a beautiful scarf that would match Ivy’s dress. I pick a few and smile at her. “I’ll let my girlfriend try these on.” 
She smiles and leads me to the changing room. “Would you like me to pass them to her?”
I shake my head. “It’s okay. My girlfriend likes me to take care of her. I’ll bring these over myself. You can go help someone else. Thanks for these.”
“Oh!” She looks slightly surprised with my comment, but then a smile appears on her face. “What a sweet boyfriend you are. I’m sure she loves you lots.” Then she leaves me to my own devices. 
I smile and go to knock on Ivy’s door. 
“Ivy. Are you done yet? Can I see?”
“No. I’m still changing,” she shouts back through the door.
Seriously? She’s still changing. I left her for quite some time now and she’s still changing. Does she not want me to see her in these dresses? No way will I allow that. That’s the whole reason I asked her to get changed, so I can see her in these dresses.
After waiting for another five minutes, my patience runs dry.
“Ivy, if you don’t come out by the time I count to five, I’m coming in.”
There’s silence. I start mentally counting down and when number five comes up, I push the door open with all my force and—
It takes me a full five seconds before I can register anything. Yet it takes Ivy another five seconds for her to come out of shock. And that’s when the banshee starts. 
“Close your eyes, Zac. Close your eyes. Don’t look at me.”
I’m still partially stunned to see Ivy half dressed like this. She’s just in her bra with her dress at her waist. I’ve never seen a girl half naked before, but goddamn, Ivy is beautiful.
“Zac, close your eyes. I said close your eyes!”
With Ivy’s further prompting, I wake from my trance. I immediately turn to face the door and shut my eyes. “I’m sorry. I didn’t see anything.” I can hear Ivy shuffling the dress on. After some time, I ask her “Are you done? Can I open my eyes now?” 
“Um…” Comes her reply.
“Is that a yes?” I ask her, still with my eyes closed.
“Um…” Comes her reply again. “I don’t know.”
“What do you mean you don’t know? Are you fully dressed yet or not? So I can open my eyes.”
“I… um… I need help.”
Upon hearing the word help, I jerk my body around to see Ivy holding up the blue dress, covering only her breasts.
“I… I…” She looks up at me through the mirror and then turns around to face me, her cheeks blushing pink. “I can’t zip the back. Can you help me?”
I smile at her with so much love in my eyes. “Of course. Turn around. I’ll zip it up for you.”
She does as I tell her.
I place the many scarves onto the hook of the changing room and then turn to face Ivy’s back, and that’s when my hands decide to freeze up.
Oh my God. I’m so nervous. My palms feel all sweaty. 
I wipe them on my pants and look at her back again. I slowly part her hair. The zip runs all the way down to the small of her back. I swallow nervously and hold out the long tresses of hair that hang down like a waterfall over her back. 
“Can… can you hold your hair for me,” I stutter out. “I can’t see with your hair in the way.”
“Mmm,” Ivy replies and takes it to rest over her shoulder.
My heart is pumping with adrenaline. My eyes become sharp and clear as I stare fixatedly at her back. Creamy pale flesh. Right before my eyes. Is God testing me here, tempting a little lamb right in front of a lion’s eyes? 
Oh God, I want to run my hands down that back. I really want to, but I don’t. Instead, I feast my eyes on her, embedding every curve on her slender back into my brain so I can replay them later when I’m alone.
I take a deep breath and take the task in hand. Slowly, ever so slowly, I pull the zipper. Up and up, slower and slower, until about a minute has gone past and I’m still not even halfway done yet. I cough and stare at Ivy. She has her eyes closed, waiting so patiently for me to finish zipping her up.
God, Ivy. Why are you so innocent? I’m a man here. A boy of healthy appetite whose sexual needs are being repressed, who hasn’t had his first taste of a woman. Yet here you are, tempting me, trusting me to zip you up, exposing your slender back to me. Why? Why? Why do you trust me that much?
I shake my head as I’m prepared to attempt the second half of the task. Once again, I find myself stopping every so often to stare at her creamy flesh, wanting so very much to touch her but unable to because of the trust Ivy places in me. To touch her back would be an act of betrayal. 
I swallow and pick up the little zipper in my hand again. I’m about to continue on my journey of moving the zipper up when Ivy prompts me out of my task. 
“Zac. Is the zipper broken?” 
“Huh? Oh, just the zip is quite small and my fingers… they’re quite big, so I can’t get a good grip of it.”
Liar. Liar. I’m so going to burn in hell for this.
“Oh, would you go and get the sales assistant, then. She’ll be able to help me.”’
“What? No. No. I’ll do it. I’ll do it.”
There’s no way I’m letting anyone see Ivy’s back. No one but me. Male or female. Period.
When it’s done, I step back and look at her in the mirror.
God, Ivy is so beautiful. She looks like an angel descended from heaven. But with the blue scarf around her neck, I bet she would look even more celestial.
Then suddenly, as if noticing for the first time the lion is in the same changing room as the lamb, Ivy turns to me with a look of fright on her face. I knew she’d catch on soon.
“Oh, Zac! I forgot to ask you. What are you doing in my changing room? What if someone sees you?” Ah? That’s unexpected. She’s more concerned about me than her chastity. “You better get out now before someone sees you.”
Oh, Ivy, my Juliet. It’s a bit too late now. You’ve should’ve sent me away before I had a bite of the apple, but now it’s too late. I’ve tasted it so I’m not going anywhere. 
“Get out now. Someone might prosecute you for being in a female changing room,” she tells me while her hands push me to get out.
“You don’t have to worry for my wellbeing,” I tell her. No one is in any of the changing rooms. There’s not even an assistant to help us.” Okay, that one’s a lie. “So I’m helping you instead.” 
“It doesn’t matter,” she suddenly lowers her voice and whispers up to me. “Someone might come in soon. And then they’ll see you.”
“Mmmm.” I ignore her panicked look to pick up the blue scarf from the hook. I start winding it around her neck. As if knowing she will not win her argument with me, she stands still and allows me to continue my job. 
Around and around, on and on, around her soft delicate neck, covering it up until only a little portion of the scarf lies lose over her shoulder. 
I look up at her reflection in the mirror when I finish the job. “You look nice with this scarf on too. I’ll buy you this scarf.”
“No,” Ivy says, pulling at the scarf. “I don’t want the scarf. One dress is enough.”
“Two dresses and a scarf.” I bargain with her, preventing her from pulling that scarf away from her neck.
“You’ve already paid for my food. I haven’t given you anything yet for our friendship gift. So one dress and it’s a deal.” She tries peeling my hands from the scarf, but I refuse to let go.
“Two dresses and a scarf, then. Plus, I’ll let you pay for my meal next time we go out.” I put in my offer, gripping her scarf tighter so she won’t try to peel my fingers off again.
Ivy thinks again for some time. Then she finally says, “One dress and that scarf. And I will pay for your meal next time you take me out. Do we have a deal? Otherwise, I won’t agree to be your friend anymore.” Then she pinches my hand and I yelp, letting her scarf go. 
“Ivy. Seriously. You want to sever our friendship just because I want to buy you the two dresses and the scarf?” I ask playfully, holding on to the blue scarf again.
“Yes. So do we have a deal?” Ivy starts peeling at my fingers again.
“Yes, we have a deal.” I smile.
“Good, now let go of the scarf. I’m suffocating here.”
“Oh, sorry.” I let my hands go. “I thought you hated the scarf; that’s why you were pulling it off.” 
“I like the scarf. It’s nice,” she comments, feeling the fabric between her fingers. “It’s just that you wound it too tight around my neck.”
I smile again, this time winding the scarf around her neck more loosely. Then I hug her body close to mine. 
“Look, Ivy. Look at yourself.” I gesture for her to look at herself in the mirror.
Ivy stares at her own image. I also look up at her, admiring her beautiful figure and the dress and scarf. 
I hope she can understand what I’m doing. I love her. I want her to understand how I feel. I want to tell her I love her, but I’m afraid it’s too early yet. I want to spend some more time with her first. So I decide to drop another hint instead.
I wind my arms around her small body so she’s pressed close to my chest. Then I rest my chin on her head and say, “You seriously look beautiful, Ivy. I would really like a girl like you to be my girlfriend.”

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

IVY

Revenge and Conflict

My breath shudders when Zac says, “You seriously look beautiful, Ivy. I would really like a girl like you to be my girlfriend.” 
I wish he would stop saying that. Stop using me as an example.
I wedge out of his embrace and tell him to wait outside while I get changed. Zac reluctantly goes out with a little push. I hear him chuckle, which puts a smile on my lips.
Oh how I wish he were more than just my friend. He was such a gentleman when he helped me with that zipper, despite his hands being too big and clumsy. 
I shake my head to get myself out of the fantasy world, then hear Zac say from outside the door, “I’ll wait outside for you, then. When you’re done, give me the dresses and scarf and I’ll put them through.”
“Okay,” I reply. 
I like the blue and green ones, but not the black one. I hate the color black. It reminds me too much of that accident. Wearing black clothing to the funeral, waking up in the middle of the night because of a nightmare in the dark. It’s all black. Everything that gives me pain. Nightmares, deaths, darkness. All black. 
I pick up the blue and green ones. Zac didn’t get to see me in the green dress, but he did see me in the blue one.
I smile. As if wanting to please him, I pick the blue one, along with the blue scarf that he put on me.
 Zac is still with the assistant, putting through the items, when I come out. I go to stand beside him. The lady assistant smiles at me. 
“The blue one, Zac,” I tell him.
“Sure thing.” He gives me the cheesiest smile ever and then turns to the assistant. 
She smiles like she finds something adorable, then says, “Oh, so sweet.”
I don’t understand what she means by that. Instead, I go to look at the row of dresses along the other rack. 
This store has such lovely dresses. I pull one of the dresses off of the rack and look at it. This one looks similar to mine. I turn to look at the price tag and nearly drop my eyeballs. $400. This dress costs $400. I put that one back and pick up another one. $350. I pick up the next one. $475. Oh God. Next one. $380. Next one. $500! 
God help me. Are none of these dresses under fifty dollars? What kind of store is this? Why are all the dresses so expensive? 
I rush back to Zac, hoping he hasn’t put any of the items through yet. If this friendship gift thing is going to be this expensive, then I don’t want it all at. Just a simple exchange of books would be fine. 
“Zac, Zac,” I call out to him when I see him standing next to the counter. But my timing is so bad. By the time I arrive, he’s already swiped his card through.
“Zac, don’t. Don’t buy any of them. Get a refund. I don’t want them anymore,” I tell him, tugging at his arm.
The sales assistant doesn’t know what to do by this point. She stares between me and Zac with a perplexed look on her face.
“It’s okay, Ivy. It’s fine. I’ve already paid for them.”
“But, Zac. They’re so expensive. How am I supposed to buy you something that’s that expensive?’
Zac only chuckles as he sees my worried scrunched-up face, like I’m about to cry.
Instead of comforting me like usual, he turns to the sales assistant instead. “It’s okay. We’re not going to exchange them.”
I snap my head up when he says this.
“Zac!”
“What? Come on. You’re scaring the sales assistant.” Zac drags me away from the counter. 
I dejectedly follow him, my head hanging low.
That dress, that blue dress and scarf that I don’t think I’m going to wear, have cost Zac over half a thousand dollars.
“Give me the bag,” I say gloomily. 
I want to see what they look like again, that dress and scarf that would have cost me an arm and a leg if I were to buy them myself.
Zac offers the bag to me with a smile. I just want to hit him right now. How can he still have that smile on his face when he had to spend over $500 for a friendship gift for a girl who only agreed to be his friend last week?
“Did you pay with a MasterCard or a Visa?” I ask him.
“No. I paid for them using Eftpos.”
Oh God. Is he trying to tell me he’s rich? 
I peek inside. If my eyes were like yo-yos, they would’ve bounced to the floor and up to the ceiling again because inside I see a green dress too.
“Zac, you bought the green dress too?” I ask just to make sure. If he didn’t buy it, then the assistant must have accidently put it in the bag and we have to return it.
“Yes, I did. I like the blue dress on you, but I didn’t get to see the green one, so I bought it too.”
No, no, no. I agreed on a blue one, plus the scarf. There isn’t supposed to be a green one at all.
“Zac.” I take hold of his hand. “We’re going back to the counter.”
“Why?” He chuckles, a light twinkling in his eyes.
“We’re going to return the green dress. I’ve agreed to the blue one, but the green one was never in our bargain.” I drag him back, but Zac puts his weight all on his heels and I can’t even move him with my small frame.
 “Ah… ah… ah…” Zac stops me, shaking his head. “Don’t worry about it. I like the green one too. Plus, it’s too late to return it now. I threw the receipt away.” 
What! How can you throw the receipt away? What happens if that dress doesn’t fit me? I vow revenge. No way is he paying for two dresses and a scarf. All three items would amount to… help me, a thousand dollars.
Oh God. How am I supposed to find a gift that would equate to a thousand dollars? I only have two thousand in my bank account. I can’t use that money to buy such expensive gifts for Zac. 
He did say I could pay for his meals when we go out. But a meal would only cost about twenty dollars for the two of us. How many meals do I need to pay for him in order to reach a thousand? Let’s see, divide that by twenty… Oh god, fifty times. I have to cover meals for Zac fifty times. That’s just crazy. I’m only going to see him until the end of this year. 
“Zac, you liar. Come here.” I throw my bags at him and drag him along this time. 
“Ivy.” He chuckles, holding on to my bags of dresses. “Where are you taking me?”
I don’t reply. I’m too thirsty for my revenge. He bought all that for me without informing me of the price. 
No, it’s not his fault. It’s my fault for assuming the dresses would cost no more than fifty dollars. But still, to drag me here and pay for a dress that is way over our limit, that’s just wrong. We are high school students. We can’t afford these kinds of things. What is he thinking, bringing me here? 
I bite my lips and drag him all the way to the men’s formal section, then grab a select few shirts and push him into the changing room.
“You’re very bossy today, Ivy. What do you want me to do with these?” He chuckles, looking at the items I dumped in his hands. 
“What do you think? Throw them in the garbage of course,” I say sarcastically.
“Oooh, Ivy. I like when you act like this. Such a refreshing change from your usual icy glare.” He chuckles again.
My heart stops for a second when he says the word “like,” then resumes its normal beating again. “Stop chuckling like a moron and get in the changing room and change. When you’re done, come out. I want to see it.”
“Aye, aye, Mistress Ivy.” Zac laughs playfully again and then salutes me before going into the changing room.
I bite my lips. Just you wait, Zac. I’m going to let you try on every single one of these shirts here in the entire store. I feel a little guilty for doing this because the sales assistant will have a hard time putting the clothing back on the rack, but there’s no way around it. Zac needs to be taught a lesson. He cannot do this to me and get away with it.
Zac comes out of the changing room at that minute and I almost lose my breath.
Why is Zac so handsome? With just his jeans and that white shirt on, he looks to die for. If Mandy or Ashley or any one of those hens were here now, they would be screaming their heads off.
“Well?” Zac asks. I blink and find myself back on Earth. The mission needs to go on, despite only seeing Zac with that one shirt. He needs to move on to the next one.
“Horrible. Next,” I say and hand him another shirt.
“Really?” he mumbles before going back into the changing room.
Zac comes out again, this time wearing the blue shirt. I almost capsize backward in my seat. Zac looks too… too… hot for me to breathe. I’m almost suffocating in this air-conditioned store. 
I cough, trying to appease my dry throat, walk up to him, and pretend to survey him, up and down and then around. With a disapproving look that I try very hard to paste on, I say, “Absolutely unsuitable. It doesn’t suit you. Next one.”
“Really. What part is unsuitable?” he asks. “I like this one. The color matches your dress.”
“It’s just… it’s just…” What do I say? I can’t find the word. Zac just looks too handsome and cute and hot and every single word that would describe a hot guy, and I can’t even find the word to describe him that is the opposite.
I’m not making sense right now, am I?
“It’s just… it’s… just…” I bite my lip again. 
“What is it? Spit it out. Do I really look that bad?”
“It’s just… It looks unsuitable,” I puff out again.
“You just said that. What part is unsuitable?” Zac asks for details. “Is it my arms? Are they too long for this shirt? Or am I too tall? Do I need another size?”
No, no. You don’t need another size. You look perfect. Just perfect, Zac. Don’t change anything. I like your height; I like the length of your arms. They’re all perfect.
“It’s just unsuitable,” I tell him again. “Stop asking questions. Just go change.” 
I push him into the changing room again and hand him another shirt. When all’s done, I slump back in the waiting chair, exhausted. 
This mission of making Zac tired and humiliated from changing clothing is fast turning into my own mission of trying to keep myself from turning into a sinner. I think I’m going crazy seeing Zac trying on all of these different style shirts.
When he appeared in the white shirt, Zac looked like a rough bad boy, the everyday hero of every teenage dream. And when the he came out with the blue shirt, I almost salivated. 
I drum my head. Ivy, you stupid girl. Zac is not a piece of meat. He’s your friend. Your friend. Don’t get any rude ideas. Friends don’t fall in love with friends. They’re companions to brighten the dull day. That’s all. 
Not wanting to feel this overpowering emotion towards Zac, I put all my thirst and energy into my mission of revenge. I go to find more shirts. Maybe this time I’ll pick something that’s ugly. Anything. I know. Maybe I should go for brown. Brown is an ugly color.
I’m about to pick up a brown shirt when the sales assistant from before comes marching towards me like she’s on a mission, with her determined stride and that smile on her lips. She stops right in front of me and says hello. 
“Hello,” I say back with a smile.
“Are you looking for a shirt for your boyfriend now? Do you need some help?” 
“What? No, no, no.” I shake my head vigorously. “I… I—”
Zac must have heard the sale assistant asking me because he appears out of the changing room at that moment and walks towards me. When I see him, I almost suffocate again. He has on a pink shirt. A pink shirt. A pink shirt that’s supposed to make a man look less manly, yet on Zac, it looks so manly. 
“Ah, Ivy. There you are. I was looking all over for you. Can you help me with the cuffs, babe? I can’t fold it myself.”
“Babe.” I repeat the word in shock. Did Zac just call me babe?
“Are you okay, babe? Do you want to sit down? Are you tired?”
“I’m… I’m fine,” I say, still in shock.
“Okay then. Well, can you look at this shirt, then, and give me your opinion?”
“I… I… I…” I stutter, looking up at his massive frame and the pink shirt hugging him so snuggly, outlining his broad chest. 
“Are you all right, babe? Do you want some water? Something stuck in your throat?” Zac asks, a twinkle in his eyes. And then I realize it. He’s trying to embarrass me in front of the sales assistant.
“Zac!” I grit between my teeth.
“Yes, babe?” he asks, feigning innocence. “You don’t like the shirt. Want me to go change into another one?”
The assistant smiles warmly and urges me to go look at Zac. “I’m good at giving all sorts of fashion advice, but it looks like your man only wants your opinion.”
I can’t do much at that point. I glumly admit defeat and go to help Zac pick out a shirt.
“It looks fine,” I say. “Let’s go.”
At the end, it ends up being me that is humiliated. He pays for the cost of that shirt, which is a hundred. But he said he’d add it in with the other thousand dollars of gifts he got for me. Now I owe him eleven hundred, which would equate to fifty-five lunch dates. I sigh heavily as we get in the car. 
In the car, he apologizes to me. “I just want to practice speaking when I have a girlfriend. It sounds very nice when I call your name and add that endearment.”
“But I’m not your girlfriend, Zac. I’m your friend,” I tell him.
“I know. Just practicing,” he says cheekily.
We arrive home at last. Zac goes inside without my permission to see Moon. Moon is ecstatic. 
“Zacky! Zacky! You came to visit me.” Moon lungs herself at Zac.
“I am. I am.” Zac picks Moon up and twirls her around the room. “Hey, Moon, have you ever been on an airplane?” 
“Yes. When we moved to Dunedin.”
“Do you like riding on the airplane?”
“I have. It’s so much fun. It sounds broooomm, broooomm.”
“Well, let’s go for an airplane ride, then,” Zac says before twirling Moon around the room in midair.
Moon giggles and chuckles like there is no tomorrow. She is having so much fun that I can’t help laughing along when I watch her.
“Zacky, do it again, do it again. I want to ride the plane again,” Moon pleads Zac when he stops for a rest.
Zac eyes me. I smile back and he nods his head and then turns to Moon to give her his full attention.
“But this airplane is now out of petrol. It needs more petrol. Otherwise, it won’t run.”
“What kind of petrol does the airplane need?” Moon asks Zac. “Water?” 
“No.” Zac shakes his head, turns to me, and gives me a wink. 
I blush and look down. By the time I look up again, Zac’s attention is already on Moon.
“How about juice, then? Or milk?”
“No. No juice or milk.”
“What does the engine of your plane need, then?”
“A kiss on the cheek,” Zac says and puffs one of his cheeks out.
Moon gives him a peck on the cheek, and then Zac turns his face to the other side and puffs that side of his cheek too. Moon leans in and kisses that side too. 
“All filled up now?” Moon asks after she finishes kissing Zac.
“Yep, all filled up,” Zac says, giving me another glance before turning to Moon again. “Now let’s go for another plane ride.” And then he picks Moon up and they go for another twirl around the room.
“Zac is so sweet, isn’t he?” Clare asks me out of the blue. 
“Umm. Yes,” I say, already knowing where this is heading.
“You know I fell in love with your brother in high school?”
“Yes, Clare. You told me this before.” I give her my mundane look, the one that says, Please, not that story again.
“What?” Clare exclaims when she sees that look on my face. “I was only cheering you on. If Zac asks you to be his girlfriend, would you go for it?”
“Clare, please.” I laugh drily, shaking my head. “Zac is not my boyfriend. He’s only a friend. He said that to me already. He wants to be my friend.”
“Oh really?”
“Yes, really.”
“But, I mean, if he asks you to be his girlfriend, would you go for it?”
No matter how many times I tell myself to please let this possibility be true, it’s not going to happen anyway. I don’t live in the fairytale world of Cinderella or Snow White, where there are fairy godmothers who make all my wishes come true. I know if I allow myself to hope for even a little bit that Zac would like me even a bit more than a friend would, I know I would get hurt. And I don’t want to travel along that route. It’s enough to have him as a friend as it is now. Plus, there’s the fact that Zac is the brother of Dillon. All the more reason for me not to think on that road.
“Clare. Please. Zac is never going to ask me that question. So can we just drop the subject?” I turn back to Zac and Moon. They’re still playing their airplane ride game. 
Clare just nods and remains silent. It’s pretty unusual for her to act this way. Usually, she would retort with something else or give me another witty line. So why is she behaving like this? I know something’s not right.
“Clare, what’s wrong? What is it?”
“It’s all right, Ivy. You go and entertain Zac and Moon. I’ll tell you later.”
I catch her arm as she’s about to leave.
“No, Clare. You tell me now. What’s going on?”
“Just this once, listen to me, Ivy. Go and entertain Zac until he goes home. Then I’ll tell you.”
I mutely nod and watch her go to Gigi’s room. 
Zac finally leaves after spending more than an hour at my house. We walk Zac to his car. He stands in front of me and says it was a very enjoyable day for him. I smile back.
“Thank you for today too. I owe you lots of meals now.”
“That’s right. You have to take me out often. Or invite me to eat here often.”
I smile and ask him, “How often?”
“Mmmm.” He pretends to tap his chin and think. I only laugh at his gesture. He laughs too before saying, “How about breakfast, lunch, and dinner? That would allow you to pay me faster.” 
I laugh again and nod. 
Zac only grins back, giving me one of his dashing smiles, and I find my knees almost giving in. 
I shyly look away, my cheeks suddenly feeling hot. 
Dear me, why am I feeling all shy in front of Zac all of a sudden like this?
“Can this airplane get a refuel before heading away home?”
I turn back to see Zac crouching down and talking to Moon.
“Mmmm.” Moon nods and gives Zac a kiss on his cheek again. Zac smiles and kisses Moon on her cheek too before ruffling her hair and getting up from his crouching position. He goes to his car and takes out a bag of something. Then he crouches down to Moon’s level again and gives her the bag.
“This is for you,” he says, his attention all on Moon.
When Moon takes a peek inside the bag, her eyes shine and she jumps up and down, then hugs Zac around the neck and repeatedly said, “I love you, Zacky. I love you.”
Zac laughs as he hugs Moon back. Once Moon has calmed down, he whispers something into her ear while he fixes his gaze at me, his eyes glittering with light. I can only smile back, wondering what’s inside that bag that made Moon so excited like this. 
Once they’re done with their exchange of information, Zac stands back up and turns to me. “Well then. I’ll see you at school tomorrow, Ivy. Have a good night. It might be cold tonight so make sure you put an extra blanket on your bed,” he tells me, then gets into his car and drives off. 
I wave good-bye to Zac with Moon beside me. When his car has gone out of sight, I turn to my niece and ask, “Want to tell me what’s in the bag?”
“Zacky gave me nuts and dried fruits. He said to eat them if I’m hungry before meals. He calls them diabetic snacks. I love him heaps,” she says, then skips into the house. 
I follow her, shaking my head but with a smile permanently stretched on my face, almost forgetting the melancholy air from before. It’s not until I step foot inside the house again that I remember I have to talk to Clare. I immediately go to find her. 
Clare is in the kitchen, eating cheese, looking sulky.
“Clare,” I call out to her. “What did you want to tell me?”
“I think you better go and see Nancy,” Clare says, taking a slow bite of her cheese. “She would be better at telling you the story.”
The story. What story? 
I hasten my pace and approach Gigi’s room. I knock on her door before going in. 
She’s in bed, huddled up in her thick blanket. I approach her quietly, just in case she’s sleeping already.
“Ivy, is that you, dear?” she asks me as I get near her.
“Yes, Grandma,” I say, holding on to her hand when she goes to grasp mine. I know immediately that whatever the story is, it’s not good. “What’s wrong, Grandma? I saw Clare. She said to come see you.”
“I saw him, Ivy. I saw the man who killed your parents and brother,” she cries softly, her lips trembling. 
I gasp and my breathing becomes heavy, like I’m running out of air. Grandma saw Dillon already? He’s here in Dunedin again. I thought Zac said he lives in Queenstown.
“I hate them. I don’t want to see them,” she sobs quietly, shaking her head. 
“Grandma.” I comfort her, laying my head on her lap. “It’s okay, Grandma. If we don’t go and interfere with them, then I’m sure they won’t interfere in our lives.”
“I know, dear,” Gigi pats my head. “I’ve tried to move on, but I can’t help feeling mad every time I see his face. I can’t forget your parents and brother in their coffins. They don’t even resemble my son, nor my daughter-in-law, nor my grandson. They were just remnants.”
“Grandma, don’t talk about the past. It hurts too much.” I hold on to her hands and cry into the blanket, my shoulders shaking. “Can we remember Mom and Dad and Brian in their happier times when we were together?”
Talking about the past hurts too much. I’ve tried for five years to stop this nightmare. We’ve even tried to move away to the farthest part of New Zealand, all the way to Dunedin, to the bottom of the South Island, to get away from that scene, from that environment in Auckland, just so Gigi, Clare, and I could forget about the past, but it still comes back to haunt us. 
“Yes, dear. But sometimes I find myself thinking why I’m still alive, in this old body, when I can’t even find the strength to get up every morning. Yet your parents and brother were so young and they get to go first. Sometimes, dear, my hand hurts and I want to cry. I take the medication the doctor gives me, but it doesn’t help. I can still feel the pain. My arthritis plays up when it gets cold. Now I find it’s even hard to pick up Monica. If I could, I would trade my life for Bruce, Sarah, and Brian. They can use my life. I’m too old to live.”
“Grandma,” I cry even harder, clasping her hand even tighter. “Don’t say things like that. You’re the only remaining relative I’ve got, apart from Clare and Moon. If you go, then who am I going to rely on? I can’t live if you’re not here.”
“Dear, I’m sorry to make you worry. But sometimes I get too tired with living. I just want to go back to see God.”
“Grandma, please stop talking about dying. Don’t you want to see me grow up? Don’t you want to see me graduate from law school? Don’t you want to see me marry and have children? Don’t you, Grandma? Don’t you?” I cry, my tears wetting her bed sheets.
“Ivy, dear. I do. I want to see you go to law school. I want to see you graduate. I want to see your children and your husband… but…”
“No buts, Grandma, please, no buts. For me, live for me. Live for Moon, live for Clare. We all need you.” 
“Mmmm.” Gigi sobs again, nodding her head. “I’ll try, dear. I’ll try.” 
I kiss Gigi good night and watch her sleep. Then I close her door and go to see Clare. I collapse onto her in tears as I cry my heart out.
“Grandma, grandma,” I cry into Clare’s lap, choking in midsentence. “She said she wants to die. Grandma wants to die. She said when the weather gets cold, her arthritis plays up and she cries because it’s too painful. Why did we move to Dunedin, Clare? Why? Grandma said it’s the cold. It’s the cold that makes her arthritis play up. I don’t know what else to do anymore. Clare, what do we do?”
“Ivy, it’s okay.” Clare soothes me, running her hand over my head to comfort me. “Nancy’s depressed. We need to take her to see the doctor. I’ve already made her an appointment to see the GP. Don’t worry. Nancy will be fine after she’s been to see the doctor.”
“But…”
“It’s okay, Ivy. It’s okay.” Clare runs her fingers along the strands of my hair to calm me down.
I lift my head and look at Clare. “It’s all because she saw Dillon, isn’t it?”
“Yes.” Clare sighs deeply. She has a faraway look about her. Then she turns to me and says, “She saw Dillon today when she was out shopping with me. I didn’t see him, but she saw him. She started shaking, so I took her home. She stayed in bed all day, refusing to get up.”
I cry some more when Clare says this. It makes me feel guilty that while Gigi was suffering, I was out having fun with Zac.
“It’s getting late now, Ivy,” Clare says after some time. “You should go wash up. Go to bed. You have school tomorrow.”
I reluctantly get up from my position and go to my room, my eyes red raw. No more tears would flow anymore. I’ve cried until they’ve run dry. I got to my bedroom and close my eyes, resting my head against the door for a bit. 
Once again, I’m reminded of why it is so dangerous to hang around Zac. If Gigi were to know, she would suffer even more than right now.
That night I lay the dresses and scarf that Zac bought for me on my bed and stare at them. I look at the blue dress with the blue mini jacket that comes with it. My first precious item from Zac. Then I look at the scarf. My second precious item from Zac. I look at the third dress next, the green one that Zac bought for me anyway, despite me wanting to return it. 
I want to cry again, but no tears will come out. So I sit on the floor and hug my knees, rocking myself back and forth, trying to comfort myself.
I’m in a dilemma. I need to decide on whether I should continue to see Zac as a friend or end our friendship altogether. If I continue to see Zac and Gigi and Clare find out, then the consequences would be disastrous. I don’t even know what would happen to Gigi. If I let Zac go, my heart would cry and feel pain because I will lose the one guy I think I’m starting to fall for. 
I sit like this for a long, long time until I can feel my legs going numb. I get up, finally making my decision. I put all the dresses and scarf back inside the wardrobe, hiding them all behind my other clothes in the farthest corner. 
I stand back, looking at the items again, staring at them all for one last time, wanting to ingrain them all into my memory. Then I finally close the door, for those items never to be seen by my eyes ever again.

CHAPTER NINETEEN

ZAC

The End of the Beginning

I don’t feel the cold night air blowing onto my face as I drive the car back home with the window open, nor do I feel the raindrops that are starting to spit onto my face from the sky above. My teeth are chattering like a sewing machine from the outward wind gusting into the car, but I don’t care. My hands are numbed from the base of my palm all the way to the ends of my fingertips, but I still don’t care. That’s because…
I’m in love. I’m in love and it feels so damn good. Especially when the person you love likes you back. 
Inside, I feel so warm and fuzzy, like I’m in a cocoon, those silken strands wrapped tightly around me, giving me the comfort and love I need. 
I feel exhilarated. It’s like I can’t contain this happiness bursting through me. It’s like I’ve found this happiness and now I can’t stop smiling like a fool. I’m right. I am a sick fool who’s in love with Ivy. 
Today I’ve accomplished what I set out to do. I had planned all along to take her out and buy her that prom dress. Everything is going according to plan. Up next is the confession. But I need Ivy to see my good qualities first before I confess. 
I turn the music up high, drum my hands on the steering wheel, and move my body to the beat of the music, humming along the lyrics like a dork. But I can’t help myself. I can’t stop myself from grinning.
Everything, everything is just perfect. If I could, I would repeat today again, live through it again. But then again, I can’t wait for tomorrow. Tomorrow I will see Ivy at school. We will have lunch together. And if Mandy wants to join us, she can. I’ll just shove her onto Kai and the guys while I take Ivy for a walk in the park. God, I can’t wait for tomorrow. 
Unfortunately, though, my newfound happiness is quickly taken away from me. When I arrive home, my smile drops and forms into a thin line as soon as I open the door. 
Dillon!
Dillon is sitting on the couch, talking to Dad. When he sees me, a smirk appears on his face. I ignore his remark and walk past them. Dad glances at me. 
Just as I’m about to reach the door to the hallway to escape Dillon’s nasty stare, Dad asks, “Where have you been, Zac? It’s pretty late tonight. School tomorrow, you know.”
“Yeah, Dad. I know,” I tell him, trying my best not to be aggravated with Dillon’s behavior. “Just hanging out with some friends.” 
Dad shakes his head, letting me off as if I’m the typical teenage boy who doesn’t like to talk about my private life. 
Of course, this is my private life. I don’t want Dillon or Dad to know about Ivy. Since I know now that it’s all because of him, I want to keep away from him as far as possible. 
Ivy has suffered enough already by Dillon’s hands, and I don’t want to cause her any more trouble. If I were to date Ivy, I have to make sure Dillon stays far away from us. 
Not wanting my good mood to be ruined just because of Dillon, I force a smile and jump on my bed, thinking only happy thoughts. I close my eyes and replay today’s events, all those scenes that I know will put a smile back on my face. 
Me zipping Ivy’s dress. That would have to be the best scene ever. I can see it in my mind’s eye now. Ivy’s soft porcelain back. Ivy closing her eyes. Ivy assuming the zipper was broken. 
I smile and get up. I want to hear Ivy’s voice. I want to talk to her. 
I go to my back pocket and raid for my cell. 
Looking at the cellphone in my hand, I debate with myself. Should I text her? Should I ask her whether she’s asleep yet? I glance at my cell again and see the time is already approaching midnight. 
Ivy might be asleep by now, so not wanting to disturb her, I go to bed instead, taking out the picture of Ivy, the one that Loki had taken of her when she was in Little Café. 
I lie on the bed with a stupid grin on my face, Ivy’s photo in front of my eyes. 
Ivy looks surprised and unprepared for this shot. It shows her true nature, the sweet and sensitive person Ivy is. But it also shows a hardworking person.
That night I lie asleep, dreaming of Ivy wearing that blue dress and scarf I bought for her. I’m her partner at prom night. We are dancing a waltz together, as many people surround and admire us. I’m her Romeo and she’s my Juliet.
The next day, I get up feeling happy, but just like last night, it soon turns into a dump when I don’t see Ivy at school. I get so worried that I start texting her. One minute later, she still doesn’t reply back. I text her again and then wait for her reply. After another five minutes, she still doesn’t text back. This time I call her. Ivy doesn’t pick up her phone either. 
Something must be wrong. This gets me all worked up again. Now I can’t concentrate in class. Ashley, who’s sitting beside me, keeps on wedging her seat next to mine, and it’s starting to annoy me too. 
I ignore her and check my phone again, just in case Ivy decides to text me. But there’s still nothing. 
“Zac,” Ashley whispers.
I glance at Mr. Smith who’s at the front of the class, explaining the chemical equation to water and oxygen, then turn my attention to Ashley. “Yeah?”
“Why are you looking at your phone? Who are you waiting for?”
“Nothing,” I tell her, then put my phone back in my backpack.
If Ashley knew anything about this, there would definitely be rumors. And with the situation all up in the air like this, I don’t want any rumors circulating around Ivy. She already has enough trouble in her family to worry about besides rumors and bullies at school too. 
At lunch, I text Ivy again, but there’s still no reply. By this stage, I’m imagining all sorts of things. Was she in an accident, or has Moon been admitted into hospital again?
This time I can’t contain myself, so I text her again.
Ivy, txt bck. I’m worried. Please txt bck.
By the time class ends that day, I’m feeling so nervous and anxious that when Kai slaps me on the back to alert my attention to his presence, my soul almost flies to heaven. 
I turn to Kai, a scolding look on my face, and slam my fist into his shoulder. 
“Don’t ever do that again,” I growl at him.
“Yo, bro. Why the hard fist?” Kai complains on the side. “That hurts, bro.”
I ignore Kai’s complaint and instead check my cell phone again. There’s a text from Ivy. 
Finally! I breathe a sigh of relief. I scroll down to check her text.
Can we meet after school? 
I think my heart can’t pump any faster than this. I think my smile can’t stretch any farther across my face than this. I am so happy. I just want to jump up and do a jiggy dance. Instead, I wind my arm around Kai’s neck and apologize to him.
Kai looks at me like I’ve gone bipolar. I don’t care. I just smile at him and turn back to the text message. 
I can’t believe Ivy texted back. Here I thought she was in trouble. 
At this moment, I am so overjoyed. In fact, I am so overjoyed that I almost forget to read the ending message. I scroll down and read.
…at the hospital.
My heart sinks down like lead to the ocean floor. It drums so fast that I think I’m going to black out.
Shit, the hospital. Has something happened to Ivy?
“Shit. I got to go,” I tell Kai before sprinting off. 
“Zac, what’s going on?” Kai shouts to me as I run to my car and speed to the hospital. 
I leave Kai with his mouth gaping open as he stares at me like I’m fast on someone’s trail, although at that time, I don’t really care what he thinks. All my thoughts are consumed with Ivy.
Oh God, did something happen to Ivy? Is she sick in hospital? Or was it Moon? Is she not well again? A million scenarios run through my head. I feel sick just thinking about it. 
I speed so fast, wanting to get to the hospital. But luckily enough, I don’t go over the speed limit. Otherwise, it would waste more of my precious time, precious time that should be spent talking to Ivy. 
Arriving at the hospital, I park my car in the one available care park. Thank God. I put some coins in the meter and don’t even give a hoot if I added too many. I dash out again and run out to the hospital entrance, my mouth going dry. When I see Ivy standing in front of the hospital entrance, I almost weep with joy. 
Thank God, she’s fine.
I race up to her, stopping only when I stand in front of her. I grab hold of her hand and bring her body in for a hug.
“Ivy.” My word comes out breathless. “I thought you were sick. I thought something must have happened to you. I was so worried.”
Ivy only stands very still. She doesn’t move, nor does she speak. She just allows me to hug her like this. 
I smile. Feeling her warm body close to mine like this, it makes my head melt with love.
After a moment of our close contact, I pull her back. 
“So what do you want to talk about? Why did you ask me to meet you at the hospital? Is someone sick?”
“Grandma,” Ivy speaks, her eyes and face holding an impassive look.
“What’s wrong with Nancy?” I ask, not liking her expressionless face. Any look at all would be fine on Ivy’s face. Mad, a frown between her brows, anything at all, but not an impassive one. It looks like she stops caring when she holds that expression.
“She’s not well,” Ivy says quietly. “We took her to see the doctor. She’s been given more medication now.”
“Will she get better?” I ask, concerned for Nancy’s wellbeing.
“Yes. I hope so,” Ivy says, not looking at me.
“That’s good.” I nod my head, waiting for her to elaborate, but she doesn’t. After a while of idle silence, I find myself asking, “So since I’m here, you want to grab a coffee or something? I haven’t eaten anything today.”
“Zac, I want to talk to you.” Ivy turns to face me now.
“Yeah, sure,” I say, not noticing the tense look on her face. “We can talk in the coffee shop. Let’s go.”
I go to grab Ivy’s hand, but she stops me before I have the chance. I turn my attention to her, confused about her abnormal behavior.
“No, Zac,” she says. “This will only take a minute. Then you can have your coffee.”
“Oh, well, okay.” I’m not sure why we can’t talk in the coffee shop when she would be having drinks with me anyway.
Ivy takes a deep breath and then looks up at me again. “We should stop being friends.”
I blink. Did I hear something wrong? Did Ivy just say for us not to be friends anymore?
“Ivy, you’re joking, right? What are you talking about? Come on, let’s go have a coffee and something to eat. I’m hungry.” I brush her comment aside and take her hand again, but Ivy tugs out of my grasp.
“No, Zac. I’m not joking.” Her tone is very strained and serious. “I really mean it. Let’s stop being friends.”
“Ivy.” I turn back to her, getting quite serious as well. “What are you on about? Why are you saying things like that all of a sudden? Didn’t we agree that you’re my friend?” 
“I’m sorry, but I’ve realized now that I can’t be your friend. It’s not possible to be your friend.”
“How is it not possible when we just hung out yesterday? We mesh well. Tell me how that’s not possible?” I ask her, my voice slightly rising. “I want to be your friend. I’m not asking for anything more apart from friendship for now. So what’s your problem?”
Ivy stays quiet again. She looks down at the floor and stays that way.
“Ivy,” I stress her name out. “Tell me, what is the problem? Why are you suddenly acting like this?”
Ivy turns her face up to meet mine. This time a glint of determination appears in her eyes. She says, clearly and without faltering, “Dillon’s the problem.” 
I open my eyes wide, startled at her explanation.
I know Dillon is the one who caused that accident. Ivy has been in so much pain, physically and emotionally, that she wants to forget it. But when she accepted me as her friend, I thought she had forgotten about the fact that I’m related to him. So what’s the problem now? Why did she change her mind?
I’m being defensive. I don’t like where Ivy is going with this conversation. So in retaliation, I argue back, “You said so yourself that if your family sees me as a friend, then you would be my friend too. So why do you want to stop being friends with me now?” 
“I said it’s because of Dillon,” she says, her voice also rising a bit.
“So what? What’s that got to do with our friendship?”
“Because Grandma saw Dillon and now she’s sick.”
I gasp. I know Dillon is in Dunedin. I just saw him last night, talking to Dad, but I didn’t expect the world to be that small that Nancy would see Dillon’s face that fast.
“I’m sorry Nancy’s sick. But I still think this has nothing to do with us.”
“It has everything to do with us, Zac. If Grandma or Clare know you’re related to him, then Grandma will only get worse.”
“I can’t guarantee what will happen to Nancy, but know that I’m a very honest person. I’m not like Dillon. I won’t hurt you or your family. Haven’t you already seen how your family likes me? Isn’t that enough proof that I get along well with them. So you don’t have to worry about them not liking me.”
“I know you get along well with everyone in my family, Zac, but the matter still remains that if they know you’re Dillon’s brother, everything will change.
“Then I’ll deal with it when the time comes. Just let me continue to be your friend.” I plead my case to her.
“I don’t want to deal with it, Zac. I want to forget it.” 
“Why are you being like this? You were fine with us being friends before.” 
“Like I said before, I can’t help seeing you and being reminded of the past. It hurts too much.”
“Then don’t think of the past.”
“How can I not think of my parents and my brother?”
“Ivy, why?”
“Just forget about it. I don’t want to talk anymore. I’ve told you the reason, so I’m going now.”
Before Ivy takes a step from me, I grab her hand and swing her around. “Ivy.” 
“Let my hand go, Zac,” she yells at me. “From now on, you don’t have the right to touch me. We’re no longer friends.” 
Ivy tears her hands from mine and runs away.
“Ivy!” I yell at her disappearing figure. When she doesn’t turn back and continues walking, I kick my foot at the concrete pillar to release my frustration.
“What the hell just happened?” 

CHAPTER TWENTY

IVY

Torment

I am in torment. I am now living a life of hell, my soul dying slowly while my body still functions like a normal human being. Essentially, I am nothing but a living doll. To eat, to sleep, these are all the normal things one would do as a normal human being, but to do so without any emotion at all, that is what is defined as a living doll. I am nothing more than a fragment of myself from before. Everyone around me notices the changes that take place in me. Even Mandy notices my lack of appetite, saying I’m not eating my usual fill. Clare even comments that I don’t fire back my usual retorts. Everyone around me is starting to get worried.
Although I say I don’t want Zac in my life, my inner self says something else. At night, I am constantly plagued with dreams of him, usually waking up sweating and craving his touch. In these dreams, Zac kiss me, he confesses to me that he loves me, or sometime it is just Zac laying his head on my lap with my fingers running through his hair. 
How I crave his kiss. How I want his touch. Now I know why I’m constantly dreaming of him. It’s because this is what my subconscious self wants. I need for him to tell me he loves me. For him to confess to me that he’s loved me all along. That is what I’ve wanted to hear; that’s why my subconscious mind conjures up all these images of Zac in my dreams. 
 Now there’s only one conclusion. This is no normal crush. This is love. I now admit my feelings, raw and plain. I love Zac. I’m in love with him, and the knowledge that brings me also brings me pain.
I’m in love with the guy whose brother killed my family and did not feel remorse for his actions. 
How can it be like this? I ask myself. To love a person to the point of not thinking straight, that is just preposterous. I’m so young. Feelings change.
But my feelings don’t change. It’s been two weeks now. In that time, Zac has not even called nor texted. Despite that, at school, I constantly seek him out, wishing he would appear so I can see him. 
But Zac never appears. He’s gone forever now. I know he must have been hurt by what I said. But this is for the best, I tell myself when I do find myself crying to sleep after another day of not seeing him at school. 
Is he trying to avoid me? Sometimes when I get these thoughts, I hit myself. He’s not hiding from you, Ivy. It’s you who wanted this all along. Zac is only doing as you told him. So you should be happy, right?
On the third week, when I think I can’t take it anymore, Zac appears in front of me in the art room while I’m in class.
My heart leaps into midair like I’m a kite flying over a cliff on a windy day. Zac turns to me once, his eyes boring into mine, a sad air around him, and then goes to sit in the center of the room.
I wonder what he’s doing sitting there when Mrs. McIntosh speaks. “Zac will be our live model for today.”
I finally realize he’s to be our live model for our art project this year. I swallow and lift my hand up, feigning sickness. 
I realize I cannot stay in the same room without breaking down.
Mrs. McIntosh arrives by my side. “Yes, Ivy. Do you need something?”
“I… I…” I try speaking, wanting any excuse at all to get as far away from Zac, who’s still staring at me with his fixed gaze in my direction.
“You should focus on your lines a bit more, Ivy. Keep trying.” That’s all Mrs. McIntosh says, and then she goes away. My chance of escape is gone.
Throughout the whole session, Zac continues to stare at me. Once or twice, I catch his eyes and he turns away, his eyes registering pain like me, but like two stubborn people, we both ignore each other. But sometimes, I can’t help feeling his heated stares in my direction, and when I look up again, he turns the other way. 
I start to feel agitated and nervous under his heated stare. I fidget in my seat; my hands tremble as I sketch his eyes. 
His irises, they are a dull-looking green. It’s so painful to look at, so hard for me to stare into. I don’t want to stare at them. I hate them. They remind me too much of Dillon’s, but I’m so sucked into those eyes that I can’t stop looking at them. 
“Zac.” Mrs. McIntosh’s voice brings me out of my thoughts. “Would you just stay still? Stop looking in Ivy’s direction. Look at the whiteboard.” 
Suddenly, the whole class turns to me. I blush and concentrate on my drawing, trying my best to ignore those heated stares from everyone around me. When I think it’s safe to look up again, Zac’s eyes are focused on the whiteboard. 
It’s a grueling fifty-minute session of my life, filled with tension so thick I can’t breathe properly. When the bell rings, I pack my bag before everyone else and flee out of the art room before Zac gets a chance to talk to me.
It’s now late afternoon. I’ve an empty period, but not wanting to think of the pain in my heart, I go to the art room again to finish my painting of Zac.
“Hey, Ivy.” 
I don’t know when Sam appeared, but he did and is now sitting beside me. Perhaps my mind is too cooped up with the current event in my life that I fail to notice his presence. 
“Hi, Sam,” I respond quietly. I dab the paintbrush into green paint to paint Zac’s eye color, but somehow it doesn’t look right. Wondering why Sam is still sitting beside me, I ask, “Do you need something? Our lesson won’t be until next week.”
“I… ur… I was just wondering, is anyone going to take you to the prom?” I look at him, wondering why he would be bringing this subject up. “It’s tomorrow, and I know it’s a bit late, but if you have no one to go with, I want to ask you to be my partner.”
I put the paintbrush down. Releasing a deep sigh, I tell him, “I’m not going.”
I decided long ago that I wasn’t going. When Zac bought me that dress, I thought I would wear it if he asked me to go, even as a friend, but now it’s not going to happen. I let my feelings get in the way of reality. And now my heart is paying for the consequences.
“Why not?” Sam asks. 
I find it annoying that he’s being persistent like this. I sigh again. “I don’t want to go.”
“Ivy, I think you should go. It’s your last year here. Plus. I’ve already bought you tickets.” 
Mandy appears out of nowhere and voices her comment. 
“You two go,” I tell them, returning back to my artwork. “Prom is not my thing. I’ll pay you back for the ticket you bought.”
“Ivy. Please.” Mandy begs me. “It’s our last year here. I don’t know what’s going to happen when you enter law school. You might be even too busy to socialize with me. This is our final year of high school. Shouldn’t we spend it memorably?”
Sam has to add, “Yeah, Ivy. Come on.”
I give in, mainly for the fact that I want to be left alone to finish this painting of mine rather than my enthusiasm for wanting to go to prom.
“Fine. We’ll go as a group, then.” 
“Excellent. I’m not going by myself and Sam won’t go if you won’t go. So that settles it, then,” Mandy chirps in happily.
“Good. Now can you two leave me in peace? I want to finish this project.”
Sam chuckles and Mandy only shakes her head, saying the usual line of my obsessive nature of hard work.
When they leave, I sigh again. I really don’t want to go to prom. Everything is happening so fast. Prom is tomorrow already. 
It’s now three thirty in the afternoon. The sky has an orange glow to it, like the sun is about to set. I wish for the sun to not set just yet, wishing for the sky to not grow dark just yet, for it’s this sun that I crave, because in the dark, I dream of Zac… or the nightmare.
Ignoring this gnawing feeling inside me, I pick up the paintbrush and start mixing the paint on the many trays. Suddenly, I hear footsteps approaching me. It must be Sam or Mandy again. 
Ignoring those footsteps, I focus my attention on mixing the paint so it turns a lovely shade of green, that emerald of Zac’s eyes.
The footsteps stop behind my back. I still don’t flinch. Then all of a sudden, a deep voice speaks, a voice I know so well that I start shaking in fear and trepidation. 
“Ivy.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

ZAC

Confession

The sounds of my footsteps echo along the empty corridor, leading me to the art room at the end of the hallway. I really hope she is alone there. I don’t want to have a private conversation when people are about.
I’ve been meaning to talk to Ivy for some time now, since our heated fight from two weeks ago. I decided to let her cool down first, without texting her or calling her constantly. But it’s approaching prom night, and I want to ask her out for my date. I think it’s about time I man up and fire the bullet.
When I was in the art class, posing as a model, I kept on wanting to talk to her, but the opportunity never presented itself. Then when I wanted to approach her after school, she left class early. Now I’ve found out she is working on her art assignment, so I make sure I stay behind and confront her.
When I open the door, I expel a breath of relief. Ivy is all alone with her back to me. All her attention is focused on mixing her paint.
I find each step I take leading me to her makes my mouth run dry. I wonder why. It feels like I’ve swallowed sawdust. It’s so dry and gritty. I simply deduced it to plain nerves. 
I’ve never been nervous like this before. Maybe I’m just scared I’ll be rejected. This is the point of no return. This is going to be the day I confess.
I shake my head and make my way to where Ivy sits. Upon hearing someone approach her, her body stiffens and tenses. Her fingers grip onto the paintbrush tightly, making her knuckles go white.
She doesn’t speak as I go to her. Nor does she move or turn around to look at me. She just sits there listening to my movements.
I let out a heavy sigh and take a chair to sit down. I sit close to her; my face is just inches from her back. Ivy still doesn’t say a single word.
“Ivy,” I say, the sound of my voice resonating onto her back. She stiffens a bit more but still says nothing.
I try again. “Ivy.” 
Ivy still doesn’t respond to me. I’m a little upset but then put it down to plain feelings. Maybe Ivy’s still feeling upset over our fight, so she doesn’t want to talk to me. So I’ll let her listen and I’ll talk instead. 
“Ivy. We have to talk.”
“I have nothing to talk about,” she says after a little while.  
“But I do. You can just listen,” I tell her. “I want to ask you out to the prom.” 
She stays silent for a moment and then starts dipping the paintbrush into her array of paint trays and then dabbing them onto the canvas. Only then does she speak. “I’m sorry, but I’ve got someone I’m going with already.” 
“What?” I shout in my sudden surprise, screeching my chair back and standing up. I wasn’t expecting anyone to take Ivy out to prom since she’s such a bookworm, so I thought this was the perfect opportunity for me. “Who’s taking you, Ivy? Who?”
“Sam will be taking me,” she replies impassively, as if she has no emotion at all. She puts her paintbrush down again and remains silent.
“No. That four-eyed geek can’t take you,” I shout, as if by doing this she will choose me over Samuel. 
How stupid can I be to act this brash? I know she dislikes me acting in this tyrannical manner of mine, but right now I can’t control myself.
“Sam is not a geek,” she says in that impassive tone of hers.
“You still can’t go with him,” I demand.
“You can’t demand me not to go out with Sam,” Ivy says, picking up her paintbrush and dabbing onto the canvas again.
“You’re right. I’m sorry,” I say calmly, clenching and unclenching my fists, trying very hard to control my temper. Sam and Ivy together make my blood boil. I sit back down again once I’ve regained control of my temper.
Ivy’s right. I can’t control her. I can’t demand her to do anything. Even if I lost this round to that four-eyed geek, I’m still going to make Ivy my girlfriend. See who’s the last one standing. Samuel or me. 
We don’t say anything else. We just sit there in silence. 
To stop this deafening silence, I ask, “How’s Moon doing? Is she well? Her diabetes not playing up?” 
“She’s fine.”
“Has she been eating the sweets I gave her?”
“I don’t know.”
“Oh,” I let out. “And you. Have you been keeping well? Eating well? Sleeping well?”
“I’m fine.” And that’s it. She doesn’t say any more.
There’s another long stretch of silence. I hate silence. It’s frightening not to be able to hear any sound at all. That’s why I always have Elsa with me, everywhere I go. 
I curse myself at this very minute. Maybe if I had Elsa with me, I could confess to Ivy easily. Maybe sing her a song as my confession, instead of talking to her like this. 
Because I don’t know how to broach the subject of my confession, I look for something else to do in the meantime. My eyes catch sight of Ivy’s messy bun atop her head.
“You know,” I say, “if you put your hair in that messy bun, it destroys your hair.”
“Zac, don’t.” She flinches when she feels my fingers touching her hair.
I don’t listen to her and, without her permission, take the band out. Her hair becomes loose and flows freely like a waterfall. 
Her hair is so beautiful. Everything about Ivy is so beautiful. Without knowing, my fingers start threading through the tresses, untangling them, separating them so they run more freely between my fingers.
“Zac, what are you doing?” she speaks, a slight shudder to her breath.
“I’m combing your hair,” I tell her as I continue to run my fingers through the strands.
“Stop it,” she says, her breath heavier.
“No. I want to touch your hair. It’s beautiful,” I reply. 
Her hair is so soft. Why have I never touched it before? I take a bunch of her hair and place it against my nose and inhale. It smells nice and fresh, like she just washed it. 
“Zac, let my hair go. You have no right to touch my hair,” she begs, her voice breaking. 
But I don’t listen to her. “I have the right to touch your hair, Ivy. I’m your friend.” 
I brush her comment aside and sink my whole face into the realm of her chestnut tresses, kissing them, inhaling them, embracing them, and when it’s not enough to satisfy my craving, my arms go around her body and I hug her, pulling her body closer to mine so I can nestle into the nape of her neck. There I inhale her hair again, taking in her sweet scent, kissing her hair, drawing all of her sweet nectar. God, I could lose myself with just this simple action. 
“God, Ivy, you’re so beautiful,” I groan, feeling my pulse plummeting to at all-time high and my ears ringing. I want more. I need more of Ivy.
Through my lust-filled haze I pull at her cardigan until her shoulder blade is exposed. Seeing naked skin, I drop a kiss on her shoulder. And then one little kiss turns into two and then three and then four. And before I know it, I rain kisses on Ivy’s shoulder. But I still want more. So I part her hair to reveal the nape of her neck and start planting kisses there too. Ivy trembles within the folds of my embrace.
“No, don’t do this, Zac. You can’t do this,” she begs me again. But still I don’t listen.
“Yes. I can do this. I’m your friend,” I find myself answering.
“No, you can’t,” she says, her body shaking, trying to free herself, but I only hold on to her tighter, increasing the strength of my trap around her, pressing her back onto my chest. 
“Yes, I can,” I say determinedly. “I’m your friend. I can touch you.”
And when the kisses on her shoulder and neck are not enough, I kiss a trail down her earlobe and up along the jawline of her chin. Cupping her chin, I tilt her face upwards so she’s slightly facing me. From this angle, I take her lips once again. 
God, it’s been so long, far too long. I missed those lips. I need those lips. They’re like my bloodline. I suck at them; they taste crispy and sweet, like wine if that’s what wine would taste like. 
I’m drowning, Ivy. I’m drowning in you. Ivy, I love you. I want you, I tell her through this kiss. 
Again and again, I lunge my tongue into her cavity and take my fill, capturing her tongue, drawing out all her scent and nectar.
“Zac… urggghhh… nnnnn…” Ivy lets out between our kisses when I come up for air.
“Yes, Ivy, yes. I can touch you because I’m your friend. I’m your friend. Ivy. That’s why I can do this,” I mumble in my heated craze and then go in for the second round. Again and again, while I kiss and mesh my lips to hers, I mumble this out, telling her I’m allowed to do this. 
“…mmm… ugghh… No, you don’t.” She yanks away from me, somehow managing to break my protective circle. Ivy turns to face me for the first time. 
“Ivy,” I speak, coming out of my lustful craze. I look at Ivy and my eyes widen in pain.  
Ivy, she looks horrible. What has she been going through? I knew I was affected, but it makes my journey to misery seem a walk in the park compared to the hell she must have been facing. She has hollow eyes and cheeks. It looks like she hasn’t even slept nor eaten for days. 
Juliet, my sweet Juliet. Why are you not looking after yourself? Even though you were affected by our fight, you still have no right to do this to your own body. 
I go to embrace her again and take her face between my palms. “You lied to me, Ivy. You said you were sleeping well. Look at your eyes. They’re all hollow.”
“Zac. Let me go.”
I ignore her and start tracing the outline of her eyes.
“I said don’t touch me.” She yanks her face away like she’s been burned and goes to stand a good distance from me.
“Why?” I ask her. “Why can’t I touch you? We’re friends.”
“We’re not friends,” she seethes at me. “I’ve told you already that I’m no longer your friend. The day I left you at the hospital.”
“No, Ivy. I don’t believe you. You’re still upset. You’re still mad about that accident. Inside, I know you still want to be my friend. How long do you need? I’ll give you more time. Just don’t say we can’t be friends. Tell me, just tell me if you need more time. I’ll give it to you. I promise I won’t bother you and interrupt you again. Just tell me. I want us to have a good relationship again.”
 “Stop saying the same thing over and over again. How many times do I have to tell you I no longer want to hang out with you? I no longer want to be your friend. I don’t need any more time to dwell over this matter. I want to move on with my life.”
“That’s good.” I go to embrace her, holding on to her tight. Ivy struggles out of my grasp like a fish, but I don’t release my grip. “Move on with your life, Ivy. Forget about the past.”
Ivy stands still. This is strange. Usually, she would struggle. Why is she not struggling like before? Curiosity makes me release her. I part her hair and look into her face. 
“Yes, Zac. Move on with my life. A life without you in the picture, a life without being reminded constantly of Dillon whenever I see you.”
Like I’ve been burned by hot flames, I pull back and unleash my anger. “You’re not being fair, Ivy,” I shout at her, tears threatening to come out. “You know I can’t decide my fate. You know I can’t change who I’m related to. Why can’t you differentiate that much? Why do we always come to the same point? Why do we always argue about the same thing? You know I’m not Dillon, yet every time we talk, it’s always about that. What has that got to do with us?”
“It has everything to do with us,” she shouts back at me. “I am the one your brother almost killed in that accident. I can’t live knowing the brother of the man who had killed my family is a friend of mine. It hurts too much.”
“Ivy,” I stress. “Why? Why can’t you ever forget about the past?”
“Because of your eyes. They’re like Dillon’s.” She turns away from me, her gaze no longer on me.
I want to shake her. I want her to look at me. Why can’t she forget about the past? Even though she said she wants to look toward the future, she keeps on saying the same thing over and over again, but she can’t look at me in the face.
“What do I have to do for us to be friends?” I shake her. “Do you want me to scratch my eyes out? I could even be blind just so I could be next to you.”
“You don’t need to go to that extreme. Just don’t talk to me in the future. Just pretend we’re strangers. That should be enough for me.”
“Ivy,” I cry. “Why did you say that? Why are you being so cruel?” 
Her words, they are like a knife, stabbing into my heart again and again. It’s so painful that I can barely breathe.
“I am a cruel person, Zac. Hate me, Zac. Don’t come near me, Zac,” she says, fighting back the tears welling up in her eyes.
“No, no, Ivy,” I tell her when I see the look in her eyes. “You’re not cruel. You’re the kindest person I know. You’re so devoted to your family. You take care of them. I’ve never seen anyone like you before. Ivy I… I…” Before I can say I love you, I plunge in ahead of time, surprising her, forcing another desperate kiss on her. This is what I’ve wanted from the very beginning. This is what I want to do, to touch her, to kiss her. 
My passion and emotion that I have kept hidden from her breaks free from the tightly enclosed lid that I have kept wrapped up for so long. I want to tell her this is what I want. This is what I need.
Juliet. I need you. I need only you. My Juliet. You’re the only one that can satisfy my craving. 
I kiss her some more. But the more I kiss her, the more she struggles against me until she breaks down and cries. 
“Let me go, Zac,” she cries into my shoulder. “Stop doing this to me. Just stop doing this to me, please.” She trembles and shakes. Her body is as light as a feather as she clings onto me, leaning onto me to rest against my frame. “It’s too painful. Just too painful. I can’t bear this anymore. Please, just let me go. Let me go, please.”
“I’m sorry, Ivy. I’m sorry.” I hug her close, holding her tight as she cries in my arms.
What am I doing? Why am I constantly finding myself forcing myself onto her? I love her. I should treat her with respect.
After a period of emotion, her tears die down and she shifts against my arm, breaking herself free. I let her go. She turns her back to me and starts putting her things away in her backpack.
“Ivy,” I lean in, wanting to touch her. “Are you leaving?”
“Don’t touch me again, Zac,” she says, her icy tone firing back at me. “That was the last time you can touch me.” Ivy turns back to resume her packing.
She picks up a craft knife and starts packing it away too. I lean in again, wanting to stop her, but in the next second, I feel a sharp pain running across the palm of my hand all the way to the tips of my fingers. I can’t register what happened. I pull my hand back like lightning and stare at it.
Shit. My hand. It’s bleeding. I glance at the craft knife in Ivy’s hand. There’s blood on it. My blood. Ivy cut my hand.
 I look up at Ivy. She’s paralyzed. Her face is pale, her eyes wide open. A look of horror washes over her pale complexion as her eyes stares fixatedly on my bloodied hand. Her hand trembles as she takes in the sight.
Oh God. Ivy. Ivy. She’s scared. 
“It’s okay, Ivy. I’m okay.” I reassure her, stepping closer to her. 
I’m seriously not okay. I’m feeling dizzy already. Oh shit. I think I’m going to faint. I can feel a dull throb where the blood is oozing out. Why is there so much blood? When is my blood going to stop gushing out? Shit. There’s blood everywhere, even on the floor. I hope Mrs. McIntosh isn’t going to go berserk when she sees her newly lined floor being painted with blood.
I hate the sight of blood anywhere on my body. I feel sick looking at it. Just the sight of it sends an unpleasant taste in my mouth and a queasy feeling in my stomach. But more than anything, I dislike the color of it. A very ugly red color that stains anything and everything.  
“Grab me a towel, Ivy, please, anything to stop this blood,” I instruct her. 
Ivy is so shocked to see blood on my hands and the floor that she doesn’t respond. Her face grows paler, and her lips start trembling. She shakes her head and her breathing quickens.
“Ivy, Ivy,” I keep calling her name. “I’m okay. Don’t be scared. See. I’m fine,” I tell her again, laying my hand out for her to see.
Big mistake. She heaves even more. Her breath coming out even faster and faster. 
Shit. Ivy has a fear of blood.
Suddenly, out of the blue, I hear a screech. I turn to the door where the sound is coming from and there is Ashley running towards me.
“Ah. My God, Zac, your hand’s bleeding,” Ashley screams. “Zac, are you okay? Someone grab a tissue. Zac’s hand is bleeding.” Then Ashley turns to face Ivy. 
“You! Go and get a tissue. Zac’s hand is bleeding. Get a tissue quick.” And then Ashley sees the craft knife dripping with blood in Ivy’s hand. Ashley gives out another scream. “Ivy, you stupid girl. What did you do to Zac?” 
“I… I… cut his hand,” Ivy stutters out, her eyes flicking at my pained face, then back to Ashley’s.
Ashley opens her eyes wide in shock when she hears Ivy say this.
“You stupid girl. Why did you do that?” Ashley starts screaming at Ivy. “He needs that hand to play the guitar. Do you know what will happen now?”
I grow mad. What’s Ashley’s problem? Why is she yelling so much? Her screaming only makes my head hurt even more. I want to tell Ashley to stop her yelling, but I’m still feeling that dizziness in my head. 
“He won’t be able to perform at prom night.” Ashley continues with her berating. “He won’t be able to play the guitar anymore. He needs that hand to play. You just ruined his life. How could you do this? You’re so cruel.” 
That’s the last straw. I shout at Ashley, “Stop yelling at Ivy. It’s not her fault. I accidently cut myself. Don’t blame it on her.”
“But, Zac, she cut your hand. She said so herself.”
“I just told you I cut it myself. Ivy has nothing to do with it.”
Ashley is boiling with rage. Her face blows up like a puffer fish and she’s seething under her breath. Instead of yelling back at me, she redirects her anger at Ivy instead. 
“It’s all your fault. You made Zac mad at me.”
Ivy seems to have woken up from her paralyzed state and drops the knife. She springs forward, passing Ashley, and comes to my side, clinging to my arm. 
“Zac, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
I want to tell her I’m fine; she doesn’t need to worry about me. My hand isn’t important right now. What’s more important is her, Ivy, my Ivy. But Ashley comes in before me and shoves Ivy to the side. 
“Get out. You’ve caused Zac enough pain already.”
 “But… I… I cut Zac’s hand. I’ve got to help him,” Ivy says again, coming to my side.
“You’ve helped him far enough,” Ashley says, trying to shove Ivy off to the side again, but Ivy clings to my arm, preventing Ashley from pulling her to the side.
 “But I cut Zac’s hand,” she keeps on saying. “I have to help him.” Then turning to me, she says, her eyes almost breaking out in tears again, “Does it hurt, Zac? Are you in pain?”
I smile. Even though right now the situation is dead serious and no one seems to care that my blood is dripping onto the floor, I still smile at her.
“I’m fine, Ivy. I’m fine. Don’t worry.” 
“Put your hand under running water. I’ll get you some tissue.” Ivy tells me. But Ashley is already shoving her to the side again and takes her place next to me. 
“What are you still doing here? Get out. Zac doesn’t need you. He has me now. He doesn’t need you anymore,” Ashley screeches at Ivy. I can feel her claws on my arm where Ivy’s soft paws were once before.
I want to rebuke Ashley’s claim. I turn to Ivy, telling her with my eyes that I need her and want her. 
Ivy, please help me. Please hold my hand. Please wrap the tissue around me. I want you to look after me. I don’t want anyone else but you. Please help me. 
I want to tell her all this, but all she does is look at me, her eyes growing large with fear and something else. 
I grit my teeth and want to bite Ashley’s head off. What is Ashley doing interfering in our relationship?
“He’s already got me. I can help him. So get out.” Ashley continues screaming her lungs out at Ivy. 
“That’s enough, Ashley. You’re the one I don’t need. You’re the one who should get out.”
“Zac!” she screams at me, drumming her feet. Then she turns on Ivy again and lunges at her.
“It’s all your fault. Your bloody fault. That’s why Zac’s speaking to me like this,” she screams out again. 
Ivy can’t do anything in her distressed state but just let herself be shouted at.  
“Stop shouting at Ivy,” I shout at Ashley. “If you continue to act like a stupid girl, then I won’t consider you my friend.”
“Zac.” Ashley’s lip wobbles. 
I’m about to turn to Ivy to tell her that everything is fine and that Ashley won’t interfere with our talk anymore, but Ivy’s already running out the door. 
“Ivy, Ivy.” I grab a random cloth from somewhere, wrap it around my bloodied hand, and am about to make a run after her when I get pulled back by Ashley.
“Zac, you can’t go. You have to stop your bleeding hand first.”
“I’m not going to die from a bleeding hand, Ashley,” I yell at her. “Stop fussing over me.”
 Ashley’s lips quiver again and tears spring from her eyes. “You’re so mean, Zac.” Then she races out of the art room.  
Good grief. 
I’m so mad with Ashley that I can feel my own blood pulsing through my veins. But more than anything, I’m worried about Ivy’s welfare. All I can see in my mind’s eye is Ivy’s scared, pale face as she saw my bleeding hand. 
“Don’t worry, Ivy. I’m going to be fine.” I keep telling myself this as I run outside with my bloodied hand wrapped in a towel, looking for her. 
Over and over, I call out her name, while random students come up to me and urge me to go to the infirmary to get my hand looked at. I ignore them and keep on calling out Ivy’s name. I search the whole school for her, but she’s nowhere to be found. 
The bus stop. She must be waiting for the bus.
I race to the bus stop at the front of the school gate. My heart’s working extra hard, pumping out blood to accelerate my limbs, allowing me to travel faster, getting me to the bus stop faster, before the bus leaves. But along with it also is the negative effect of my bloodied hand. The blood’s seeping out even more from my hand onto the towel, staining it into an ugly dark red. But at that moment, though, I don’t care. All I want is to talk to Ivy, to check her welfare, to ask if she’s okay. 
Unfortunately, my arrival is badly timed, because by the time I get to the bus stop, the bus has already left, taking Ivy away from me.
I can only do one thing. I drop down and cry.

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

IVY

Because I Love Only You

“He’s already got me. I can help him. So get out,” Ashley screams at me.
That’s all I hear. That’s what makes me rush out of the art room and go to hide at this little spot near the back of the art class, crying my eyes out. 
Oh God. I’m so pathetic. I want Zac to get out of my life, to cut our ties of friendship, but here I am, crying my heart out because Ashley said he doesn’t need me anymore.
I know why I’m like this. It’s because I love him. I love Zac. I knew from the very moment he came and embraced me from behind. I didn’t push him away. I continued to let him kiss me, on my hair, on my shoulder, on my earlobe, my chin, my jawline, and finally on my lips. I didn’t put up any resistance. All I did was uttered a no, a refusal once in a while, but otherwise, I was his to take. 
I was lost in this fantasy world of love until I saw his emerald-green eyes. It awakened me from the fog, and that was when I pushed him away. But then, again and again, I fell into his sweet honey trap and let him embrace me, again and again, until I had to will myself to let him go. 
When I saw his bloodied hand, the hand that I accidently cut when he came near me, wanting to touch me again, I froze. The image from that accident from five years ago crawled back into my mind and I was once again back at the scene. 
Blood was everywhere around me, covering my head and on my hands. Not until Ashley yelled at me did I come out of that nightmare. But now here I am, my body shaking, crying to myself because I did in fact lose a friend, a good friend and the boy who stole my heart. 
With daylight savings in the Southern Hemisphere, around five o’clock the sky is already turning dark. I’ve been crying for almost an hour now. I get up from my position and find my knees are weak. But I persist and get up again, waking slowly.
The bus has already left by the time I get to the front gate. I have to wait for another hour and a half before another bus arrives. Instead, I walk home.
By the time I get home, the whole family is alarmed. I didn’t turn on my cell phone, so they couldn’t get through.
I tell them I had some important things to do at school, that’s why I was late in coming home. Gigi and Clare are satisfied with my answer, and after I kiss Moon good night, I go straight to bed. But I’m not given any peace when Clare comes into my room and brings me dinner.
“What’s wrong, Ivy?” Clare asks.
I don’t reply, just turn the other way, closing my eyes and pretending to sleep. Clare comes and pats my hair. 
“Did you have a fight?”
I still don’t respond. I don’t want to talk about the event that transpired today. I want to sleep and sleep and sleep. Maybe sleep like Juliet. Sleep until my Romeo, my Zac, comes and kisses me and then we’ll live happily after ever. Unlike the real story, when Zac kisses me on the lips, I will wake up and then he will take me away in his battered old car, and we can disappear somewhere together, forgetting about everything in this world, about the past accident, about Dillon, about everything that would cause me pain. If only I could. 
I turn to Clare, my eyes red raw.
“Clare,” I say quietly, almost no sound coming through my lips. “I’m in love.”
Clare smiles at me. “I know.”
“I love him.” 
Clare nods her head again. “I know.”
“But I told him I don’t want to be his friend anymore. And now he has someone else to look after him.”
Clare pats my head again. “Love can be complicated,” she says, coming to sleep beside me in my bed. I shift a bit to let her in. “You know, when I was young, I fell in love with your brother.”
“You told me that.”
“Yes, I did. But I did the same thing you did. I was scared. I was scared of my own feelings, of why I was feeling so in love with this guy when I was only a young kid. I mean, come on, I was only sixteen, a year younger than you are now. But your stubborn brother was very persistent. He was a year ahead of me. He asked me out every day. For three years, he hung around me, annoying me. Not until the final year before he left to go to university did I cave in and go out with him. And now we’re so in love. Even when he’s gone, I still love him dearly.”
Hearing Clare say this, a little pain pulls at my heartstrings.
“What would happen if you saw Dillon again or any family member of Dillon?” I ask.
Clare sighs heavily. “Let’s just say I want to forget about the past.”
Clare’s explanation is quite vague. I’m sure what she means by that but don’t ask any further.
A minute passes between us with no exchange of words. Then Clare speaks again. “What shall we do about your relationship with this boy you like?”
“I don’t know,” I say.
“At the end of the day, it’s up to you,” Clare advises me before getting up off my bed. “It’s your future, Ivy. It’s your happiness. Don’t let anyone come in the way of finding true happiness. Because I tell you, it can disappear right before your eyes. It’s only one single moment, one single opportunity, but when it’s gone, it’s very hard to find that happiness again. So grab it while you can.”
That’s all Clare says and then she leaves my room.
I have a lot to think about tonight. And I do think a lot that night, because by the next morning, I haven’t sleep a wink.
I’m glad school is off today, though, because prom is tonight. School has given year thirteen, my year, and year twelve, Zac’s year, a day off to prepare for prom night. I stay in bed the whole day until Moon comes barging into my room, along with Mandy, at noon.
“Get up. What are you doing in bed? We have to prepare for tonight. We’ve only got four hours.” 
I don’t want to get out of bed. I feel so tired, but Mandy urges me on. She even yells at me for not sleeping properly. 
I reluctantly roll out of bed and have lunch, feeling hollow and raw inside. Mandy raids my wardrobe when I say I don’t know what I’ll be wearing. Then she finds the blue dress Zac bought for me, hidden in the back of the wardrobe, the dress I swore I wouldn’t ever lay eyes on again.
“Ivy, this dress is beautiful. Wear this one.”
“No. I don’t want to wear that one,” I tell her but I can’t refuse as Mandy already pushes me into the bathroom. I get changed as slowly as possible.
When Mandy see me, she exclaims that that dress suits me to perfection. She asks me where I got the dress from since it looks so expensive, but I tell a lie, saying Clare bought it for me for my birthday.
“I didn’t know Clare had such good taste in prom dresses,” she exclaims, touching the round white and blue flowers on my dress. “You look beautiful, Ivy. I saw that lace scarf in the wardrobe too. I thought it would look nice with the dress since it’s the same color. I hung it on the hook near your mirror. Come down when you’re ready. I’m going to go downstairs now. Sam should be picking us up any minute.”
When Mandy leaves, I look at myself in the mirror. Mandy is right. I do look beautiful. When Zac bought me this dress, he even bought a matching blue lace jacket so my wrists could be covered. 
My hair is styled in a chignon bun with my long fringe hanging loose to cover the scar on my forehead. Mandy is really good at hairstyling. When paired with the dress, it makes me look like a little blue angel descended from heaven.
I shake my head, thinking of the same line as Zac when he saw me in the changing room. My eyes catch sight of the blue scarf Zac also bought for me. It’s hanging on the hook just as Mandy said. 
I walk towards it and feel the fabric between my fingers. It’s soft to touch, just like the first time I touched it. I look at the scarf a bit longer, then walk to the door. On second thought, my feet take me back to the scarf hanging on that hook. 
I tell myself I don’t need to wear that scarf. The weather is beautiful tonight, but my hand takes it without knowing and I find myself wearing the scarf as I approach the lounge.  
I stand next to the door, watching my family interact with Mandy and Sam. Moon is sitting on Mandy’s lap, whereas Sam is busy chatting with Clare and Gigi. When they see me, Sam comes up and says I look beautiful. 
Moon runs up to me and hugs me.
“Vivi, you look beautiful.”
I hug her back. “Thanks, Moon.” I kiss her on the cheek.
“Where is Zacky?” Moon asks me, looking around the room, her question tearing at my heartstrings. When she doesn’t see Zac, she asks me, “Is he not here to pick you up? He promised to pick you up on prom night.”
“When did he tell you this?” I ask Moon.
“He told me himself when he came to visit us. On the day we played the airplane game. You were busy talking to Mommy.”
I look to Clare, my eyes watering a little bit.
Sam comes and crouches down right in front of Moon.
“I’m going to be the gentleman who will look after your aunty tonight,” Sam says. “Do you give me permission to look after her?”
“Oh,” Moon exclaims, then looks up at me, standing beside Sam. “I thought Zacky was going to pick you up. I want to see Zacky pick you up.”
I crouch down next to Sam and take my niece’s hand. “Moon, Zacky is busy. He has to prepare for his performance. You know he’s in a band, right? He’s too busy to pick me up.”
“Oh,” Moon exclaims again, looking sad. 
“It’s okay, Moon. I promise you I will take your aunty to see Zacky. Are you happy with that?”
Moon finally relents, nodding. I turn to stare at Sam. Is he really going to take me to see Zac? Or is he just lying to Moon? I plan to ask him, but Mandy exclaims we should all head out now.  
I reluctantly say good-bye to Moon, Clare, and Gigi and start walking to the car. Sam asks me to sit in the front seat with him, but I shake my head, wanting to sit in the back instead. 
I have to compose myself. I’m about to see Zac again after I hurt his hand. Just this thought alone frightens me and makes me want to crawl back inside the house, but it’s already too late now. Sam is already lighting the ignition, and we’re already on our way to the town hall where the prom will be held.
The ride to the town hall in Sam’s car is a smooth one. Mandy is her usual self, talking to Sam in the front seat, while I’m sitting in the backseat thinking about my past relationship with Zac. When we arrive, I get out and walk with Sam and Mandy to the front entrance. There will many students milling around outside. 
The wind picks up a bit. I huddle myself and pull the scarf around my neck, glad I brought it with me. We wait in line with our tickets, when out of the corner of my eyes I see Zac and his entourage walking in our direction. Ashley and Carina are holding on to either of his arms. Kai, Trey, and Loki are walking behind him, Stacy next to Kai.
As they walk towards us, I pray to myself that Zac and his team will walk past. I pray that Zac will not see me, will not see the scarf and dress he bought for me now being used on my person. That wasn’t my intention when I brought the scarf with me tonight, nor the dress Mandy picked for me. I didn’t want him to notice I wore those items because of him. 
Or did I? I’m not sure anymore.
I avert my gaze so it doesn’t land on Zac. I’m not ready to see him just yet. Even my heart isn’t prepared to face him. When I hear his footsteps approaching us, my heart won’t stop its thumping. Every footstep Zac takes, my heart synchronizes to his steps. Closer and closer, faster and faster, until they stop right in front of me. 
I look up and see Zac staring down at me. My heart almost stops altogether. My breath comes out in heavy fits while my eyes gloss over his image. I stare at him, taking in his handsome state. 
He looks so handsome. He’s wearing a formal suit with black pants and matching jacket, like the Phantom of the Opera. The blue shirt I bought him, he wears that too. The same blue that matches the color of my dress.
He looks so striking that it takes my breath away. Yet, despite his honed appearance, there’s an air of melancholy around him.
Zac in turn stares at me, surveying my form, taking in the blue dress and the blue scarf he bought for me. A small smile plays at the corners of his lips, which lightens the dull ache in my heart a bit. 
We both continue to stare at each other, like we’re both having our usual staring contest. And then I hear a scream from Ashley. 
“Zac, your hand is bleeding again. Anyone! Has anyone got a tissue?” Ashley screeches and flutters her arms about.
Zac turns to Ashley and a look of annoyance crosses his face. Then he turns to me and says, “Ivy, I’m bleeding. Help me.” 
“What do you want me to do?” I ask quietly, willing my voice to come out strong and not be affected by his presence, yet it sounds so weak, even to my own ears.
Zac gazes at me for a minute more, scanning my body, taking in my awkward posture, my nervous breath and shallow, hollow eyes because of my lack of sleep. Without my permission, he suddenly unwinds the blue scarf that I wear around my neck. 
“Wrap it around my hand. Stop the bleeding. Please.” He holds the scarf out to me and gives me a weak smile.
I look up at him. His face looks so sad, so painful, as if he’s suffering from some unknown condition. I’ve never seen him looking so awful before. When he urges me again, I mutely nod and take the scarf from his hand and do his bidding. 
This is the least I can do for him. This is the least I can do for a friend, for the boy I love, who I will never, ever see again after I graduate this year.
I can hear Ashley complaining, talking to herself about why she isn’t the one picked to do the job, while I’m busy wrapping my scarf around Zac’s bleeding finger. 
Did I really hurt him that badly? Why did I cut him like this? Although I know it was an accident, inside I can’t help feeling guilty, seeing him with that look on his face.
When I complete my task, Zac gives me another one of his intensely painful stares and then whispers to me, close to my ear, “You look like an angel in that dress, Ivy. I’ll see you inside. I want to give you something.”
Without explaining to me further what he means by that statement, Zac walks straight past me and goes into the town hall, along with his entourage. My breath shudders. What did Zac mean by wanting to give me something?
There are lots of noises inside the hall when we walk in. A few upbeat songs play, and Sam asks me to dance, but I prefer to sit in this quiet corner, watching people. Sam asks Mandy instead. She’s only too willing to comply. They dance and laugh while I watch them.
After some time, I feel I’m being watched. My eyes scan around the room, locating anyone that might looks suspicious. And then my heart leaps as a sudden thought comes to my mind.
 Maybe Zac is looking at me from somewhere. My eyes immediately scan the room, trying to locate that familiar figure in the black Phantom of the Opera outfit. But he’s nowhere to be found. 
My smile falters and drops. I think I’m going crazy. I think I’m getting paranoid. And when I realize this, I laugh at myself. How ridiculous and stupid I am to be thinking it would be Zac just because I felt a penetrating gaze on my person. 
Maybe he’s behind the stage, getting ready for their band performance.
Tonight, it’s promised to be a grand night full of fun and entertainment. Apollo will be playing the many songs they composed, the many songs that were never released for us to hear. This would be the first time, and the anticipation among the crowd is high. I can hear whispers and excitement all around me.
Mandy and Sam are already back from their dance, sitting next to me, talking nonstop at how much fun it is to dance instead of sitting brooding at one corner of the room like this. Then without warning, everything blacks out. We are in complete darkness. A little alarm shrills through me. I can hear people around me whispering to each other.
“What’s going on?”
“Are we having a blackout?”
I can feel Mandy shaking my arm. “Ivy, are you there?”
I’m about to respond to her when suddenly a single ray of light shines onstage, like a ray of light from heaven, shining onto that person who’s perched on a stool with a guitar in hand, highlighting him from the dim darkness around him.
It’s Zac. He’s sitting on the stool, holding on to Elsa. A microphone is positioned in front of him. As if he knows where I’m sitting, he fixes his gaze on me and says, his mouth close to the microphone, “This song is dedicated to the girl I love. I want to give this song to her.” 
The lights turn back on and a soft glow illuminates the whole stage. With the finger that is bleeding, the finger that I used the scarf he gave me to wrap around that finger, he starts plucking on the strings of Elsa. 
It’s sweet torture on my soul. That single pluck created by Zac and Elsa turns into beautiful music. It carries a soulful and haunting beat, like the singer is lonely and crying for the one he loves. 
Who is Zac in love with? Is this song for her? My heart burns with this unanswered question. And then he starts singing.

Since the day I first saw you,
Since the day I kissed you,
I know that I know that I’ve found you.
I know that you’ll be my true love.

My eyes cannot focus on anyone else but Zac. Who is he singing to? Since the day they’ve met? Since the day they’ve kissed? 
I find tears wetting my cheeks. I realize I’m crying. How did I not notice this? I wipe the tears off my cheeks and gaze at him again. My heart breaks as I listen to him singing. 
Zac is in love. He’s in love with a girl. And he’s singing this song to her. I’m jealous. I want to be that girl. I want to be that girl he’s singing that song to. When I realize this, I cry even more, silent tears trickling down my cheeks. 
God help me. I know I’m in love with Zac, but I didn’t know I would love him this much. I want to go back home and cry. I want to cry and drown myself in my tears. But I know I shouldn’t. Because Zac is in love.  
Even though our relationship is now dire, I know I still love him, will always continue to see him as the person I love. And isn’t that what one would do for the person they’re in love with? They wish for their loved one to find happiness. Wait and watch in joy to see their beloved one basked in the glory of love. 
But I don’t want to watch. I don’t want to see the person who Zac is in love with. I don’t want to see that girl climb up onstage when he finishes singing. I don’t want to see him kiss that girl and tell everyone in the whole school that she’s the one for him. Because I know my heart would break. It’s already breaking as I’m watching him now, while he’s singing that song, his eyes looking at me. 
I know in this lifetime, I can’t love him because of how our relationship and fate are structured, but I could always wish for him to be mine in the next lifetime. So I cry. I cry as he sings the next line, my tears flowing softly, crying out for Zac to hear my confession, that I want him to love me in the next lifetime. Let that girl be me in the next lifetime. Please, let us not have this relationship in the next lifetime. 
“My Romeo, can you hear me? Please let me be your Juliet in the next lifetime,” I whisper to myself as more tears stream down my cheeks.

I know our future is bleak.
I know there will be obstacles in our way.
But I, but I still want to be with you.
It’s because I love only you.

The lyrics, they are tearing my heart apart, making me bleed to death slowly. My heart quakes and my lips tremble. My tears won’t stop flowing. They continue to run from my eyes as I watch Zac staring back at me with tears also in his eyes as he continues to sing this song for the girl he loves. 
Before long, I stand up. Tears continue trickling down my cheeks, and the sight of Zac sitting on that stool grows fuzzy in my eyes. I wipe those tears away so I can see Zac clearer. Suddenly, I see something dripping from his fingers. 
Oh God, Zac, his finger is bleeding again. There’s blood dripping from his finger, staining the blue scarf purple. I gasp and want to run to him, to get a proper Band-Aid and wrap it for him. But I stop myself. I shouldn’t be doing this. This right is only reserved for the girl he loves.
Where is the girl he loves? I angrily look around the room, through my tear-stricken eyes. Why isn’t she running up onstage now and caring for him? Where is she? 
I look at Zac, telling him with my eyes to stop playing, please, to stop playing; otherwise, he will hurt his hand. But Zac doesn’t listen to me. He continues to gaze at me as if trying to tell me something.  

I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.
I’m so sorry I can’t control my fate.
I can’t decide who my family is.
But know this, that I will not let them, not let them affect us.

Oh God, no, no, that lyric. That part of the lyrics. It’s like he’s referring to our relationship. 
Zac, is he singing that song to me? Could he be singing that song to me?

Please trust me, please trust in me.
Even if the world would shatter,
If you lay your hands in mine,
I will never, will never let you go.
It’s because I love only you.

Zac, he’s singing that song to me. He’s singing that song to me. How could I not realize it? The first part of the song, he said it was since he first saw me, when he first kissed me. Zac once told me he had his first kiss stolen the night of the music festival. He said that was his first kiss. 
So it is me. I’m the one he loves. That’s what Zac meant when he whispered into my ear. He wanted to give me this song. And the part he sang that he can’t control his fate, that he can’t decide who his family is, he’s actually talking about Dillon.
Oh God, please help me. I’m being torn apart. There’s my love for Zac and the confession he sings to me. Then there’s the reality of this world. Would it be fair to love someone who’s related to the person responsible for destroying my family’s life? If I weren’t involved in this party, what would my answer be? 

When you cry, I want to hug you,
I want to tell you that I love you.
But I can’t and can only hold on to your hand,
And tell you everything will be fine.

“Ivy, are you okay? Why are you crying?”
I can hear Mandy asking me this, shaking my arm. But I’m in too deep. I’m sucked into his voice, into his song, into his soul, baring for all to see the emotion that is so blatantly displayed on my face. He’s singing this song to me. I’m that girl he loves. 
Suddenly, memories flip through my mind like photographs, replaying in my head, echoing inside my heart.
“Are you cold? Your hands are shaking.”
It was at the hospital. He was worried about me. That’s why he held on to my hands, to comfort me.
“Just a song I practiced. I want to sing it to this girl when she becomes my girlfriend.”
Zac said this to us when we were in the car. He wanted to sing that song to me too.
“You seriously look beautiful, Ivy. I would really like a girl like you to be my girlfriend.”
Zac said this to me when he was in my changing room. He was hugging me from behind, his hands embracing my body, while he rested his chin on my head.
Oh God, oh God. Please help me. Why didn’t I see all of the signs? He’s been hinting at me from the very beginning. Zac loves me. He loves me.
I come out of my memory as Zac’s voice penetrates my soul again.
 Another piece of the lyrics strikes me, and I stare at him, more tears crawling down my cheeks.

Even if volcanoes were to erupt and earthquakes strike
I won’t, I won’t ever let your hand go.

Because, because I love you,
Because I love only you.
I want us to trust each other,
And fight this obstacle together.

So please trust me, please trust in me,
Even if the world would shatter,
If you lay your hands in mine,
I will never, will never let you go,
Because I love only you.

Oh, Zac. I love you. I love you too. 
I want to scream out to him, run up to him onstage and kiss him and tell him this, over and over again, until my heart is whole again, until it stops bleeding and starts beating with life again. 
But I can’t. How can I when my family has suffered so much at the hands of his brother? If they know, disaster would strike. I can’t choose Zac over my family. But the more I listen to his song, the more my heart bleeds.
I can’t take this anymore. It’s all too painful. I can’t bear seeing Zac cry his heart out with this song. I can’t face Zac after he finishes this song. Because I know if he confesses to me in front of everyone here, I will say yes. I will be selfish and forget all about my family’s suffering just to be next to him, just so my heart could smile again. But I know I can’t do this. So I do the only thing I am good at. 
I flee. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

ZAC

Will You Love Me Today?

My finger is bleeding again and a throbbing pain shoots through to my nerves, drumming through my blood, and ripping to the inner core of my heart, yet I feel numbed all over. I’m crying like a baby with tears crawling silently down my cheeks, but I don’t care. All my thoughts and concentration are focused on singing this song, on transmitting this message to Ivy so she might understand it’s her that I’ve loved all along. 
Ivy, this song is for you. This song is my confession to you. I am very bad with words. Every time we speak, I either make you mad or cry. I can’t say anything right in front of you. So please, listen and understand this song is my love confession that I wrote only for you. 
Please understand I can’t choose who I am born with or who I am related to. But the one thing I can choose from now on is the direction of my future. And I choose you. 
I choose you, Ivy. Despite knowing there will be obstacles I must face, I am not afraid, because if only I have your love, I can do anything. 
I can walk through a bridge of fire to get to you. I can swim across the Pacific Ocean just to see you on the other side of the world. I am prepared for whatever comes our way, Ivy, so if you choose me, then I can do anything.
I watch Ivy as she stands up with tears also in her eyes, her lips quivering, her tears begging for me to stop playing this song. But I won’t stop. I will not stop until Ivy understands I love her. 
Ivy. Do you feel the same as me? Is that why you’re crying too?
A little bit of my heart swells up with happiness as that thought processes through my mind, but it’s immediately ripped away again when I see Ivy running out of the auditorium, clutching her chest.
Ivy!
No, no, no. I scream inside my head. I drop my guitar and race after her, ignoring all the commotion from the crowd below. A few times I get dragged back by one of the screaming girls, but I wedge my way through and fight them off. Once free, I race after Ivy again.
I don’t care that I didn’t get to finish the song. I don’t care if there’ll be news about me tomorrow on the school blog because of this. All I care about right now is Ivy. I’ve got to catch her and explain everything.
It’s raining heavily outside. The rain pelts my skin, searing it raw. The wind blasts my face, sending my hair into disarray. It’s like the weather is a reflection of my inner soul. Inside, I’m bleeding and crying. But despite this cold weather, nothing could stop my limbs from pursuing Ivy. 
Where did she go? Where did she hide? I must find her at all cost. My heart panics when I can’t find her within the vicinity. Did she go home already? She must be freezing. 
The wind is at its strongest now, blowing icy air onto my face. I feel pain again. It’s like the prospect of not being able to see Ivy again has paralyzed half my body and I can’t move. 
Will this be the end for us? I find myself asking time and time again when I can’t find her anywhere. But I don’t want to give up. I don’t want to wait for another day to confront her. It must be today. I don’t think I can endure this pain in my heart any longer if I don’t get an answer from her.
“Ivy, where are you?” I shout into the dark night as my last resort. “Please come out. Ivy. Please.”
There’s no response. I don’t give up, but continue to call out and search for her, my clothing now drenched from the onslaught of rain.
My eyes adjust to the semi darkness the streetlights provide, and there, huddled in the shadow, is Ivy, shaded from the beating rain under a veranda of one of the shops.
“Ivy,” I call out to her, rushing to her side. 
Upon hearing her name, Ivy turns her face to me and once she sees me, she flees again. But I’m faster. I catch her arm, pulling her cold body into mine, hugging her back to my chest. 
 “Please, stop running away from me,” I beg her, my arm enveloping her, holding her wet body close to mine as if to reassure my heart that Ivy is still here, that Ivy is beside me.
“Zac, please, let me go. We don’t belong together.” She begs me, struggling within my arms, her voice choking with tears.
“We belong together,” I tell her repeatedly, nestling my head on her shoulder. “There’s nothing in this world that could stop our love. I love you, Ivy. I love you. I should have told you from the very beginning. I’m sorry. I wanted to be your boyfriend from the very beginning, but I was scared you might reject me. So I planned to become your friend first. Please, Ivy. There’s not even a day that I don’t think of you. Please, don’t run away from me anymore. I want you. I need you. I love you. I don’t think I can take it if you run away from me again. I think I might die if you’re not here beside me.”
“Zac.” Ivy clings onto my arms that encircle her. Her body trembles and shakes as she speaks. “Zac. You don’t understand. You don’t understand.”
“Ivy.” I turn her around and pull her close to my chest, warming her up with my heat. “Listen to me, Ivy.” I pull aside the wet strands that are plastered onto her face. “I understand perfectly, Ivy. I understand where you’re coming from. You’ve been hurt. I know. But I’m here now. The past between my brother and your family, can’t we forget about it? This is about us. I love you. I want to be with you. Can’t you give me this chance?”
“But I can’t love you, Zac. I can’t.”
“Please, Ivy. Don’t think what people think or what the future will hold or what obstacles we’ll have to face to be together. Listen to your heart, Ivy. What does it say? Who does it beat for? Because for me, Ivy, my heart beats for you. Each day I wake up, it beats for you.”
“Zac… I… I…” She shakes her head and hugs me tighter, not able to say those words out loud. I hug her back, comforting her, knowing I’m asking her the ultimate decision that would change the course of her life.
Ivy doesn’t say anything more, but continues to cry into my shoulder. I hug her close and kiss her wet hair for some time until she calms down. Then I whisper into her hair, “I love you, Ivy. Please let me be the one to heal you.” I pull her back. 
Ivy gazes at me with her misty eyes, not sure of what I mean. 
I repeat my sentiment again. “I know my brother is the one that caused you this pain. So please, let me be the one that will heal you.”
I pull her long-sleeved dress up to reveal her wrist. I press my lips to her scarred wrist. Then I part her hair to reveal her forehead. At the junction of the scar, I plant a kiss. I rest my forehead on hers then, and now we’re eye to eye. With tears threatening to blur my vision again, I whisper softly to her, “I love you, Ivy. Please let me be the one to heal you.”
Ivy stares at me, glistening tears like diamond jewels decorating the corners of her eyes. Then with a soft whisper and a strained voice, she speaks, “Zac. We are so young. How do you know in ten years or twenty years time you’ll still want to be with me? The feud and hatred between our two families is too large. We are not meant to be together.”
“I don’t care about the feud between our families. All I know is I must answer my heart. My heart needs you, Ivy. And I don’t know what the future will hold for us either, but what I ask of you is only this.” I tell her this, my palm holding her face gently to relay my message. “Will you love me today? Because right now, when you say you love me, that’s all that matters. Tomorrow, when tomorrow comes, we will deal with it together. So if you love me today, I will promise you I will look after you and won’t ever let anyone hurt you. Not my brother, not anyone. And if you’re scared when tomorrow comes and my heart wavers, then I will ask you again. Will you love me today? Every day I will ask you, until you know I love only you and will never stop loving you.” 
“Zac,” she cries, hugging me again. “I’ve never been in love, but if feeling like I’m going to die and can’t breathe when you’re not around is it, then this must be love. Because I can’t breathe when you’re not here. I love you, Zac. I love you.” Ivy places the palm of her hand on my cheek, holding me close to her. She looks into my eyes. “Ask me today if I love you, and I will say I love you. Tomorrow, if you ask me, I will still say I love you.” Then she brings her lips forward and seals them to mine, kissing me, sealing the promise we’ve made.
After Ivy pulls back, exhausted from the heat of the moment, I hug her, holding on to her, providing her with the support she needs to hold on, to stand.
 Ivy continues to embrace me as the rain continues to pelt around us. I’m oblivious to this, feeling only the warm body that embraces me close. I smile and look heavenward, feeling like I’m alive again. 
Thank you, God, thank you so much for allowing us to be together.

EPILOGUE

IVY

Close Comfort

On nights like these, when the rain is beating heavily outside the window and the wind howls like little lost souls, I huddled myself close to the burning fire and read the Falling for Sakura  series by my favorite author, Alexia Praks. I digested the strength from Sakura, the main protagonist of the story. From it, I learned to live, to enjoy life and fight those obstacles by myself, standing proudly alone in this world. 
That was my comfort back then. Now my comfort comes in the form of something else. My comfort comes from the body that hugs me close from behind. A warm mug, a close body circling me loosely, making my cold heart warm up in a heartbeat. 
Zac hugs me close and brings a mug of cocoa to my lips.
“Sip it,” he urges. “Or you might get sick. I won’t guarantee Mr. Smith will let us both live for running away from prom night like that.”
I give him a weak smile, my eyes threatening to shed tears again when I think of Zac confessing to me onstage by singing that song.  But I will myself to stay calm. 
Oh God, what will the future hold for us? We’re just teenage kids, fighting a destiny that’s structured in stone. How will Gigi react when she knows? What will Clare do if she finds out? And Dillon, what will his reaction be if he knew? And then there are Zac’s parents and relatives. How would they react knowing that he’s in love with the enemy that accused their son of murdering her family? 
The more I think about it, the more my body tenses up and I grip the mug in my hand harder. Dear God, how could two young kids fight this big obstacle together? Please help us, I pray.
When Zac sees me like this, he pulls me to sit in front of him. His big arms circle my small body, keeping me warm, embracing me tighter so those negative thoughts fly away from my mind. Then he nuzzles his face into the nape of my neck and rests his head there.
“Didn’t I tell you things would work out?” he whispers softly to calm me down. “I’ll protect you. I’ll look after you. I’ve got it all planned. We’ll fight this obstacle together.”  
Zac takes the mug away from my hand and lays it on the table. He takes my now free hand and presses his lips to it. He kisses my hand softly and then laces our fingers together until we’re holding hands. 
He gives me a smile. “Look at our hands, Ivy.”
I look at both of our hands entwined together.
“I’ll hold your hands forever, Ivy. We’ll fight this obstacle together.” And then Zac starts rocking his body, cradling me within his arm, lulling me to sleep. “Sleep a bit, Ivy. Rest a bit,” he whispers into my ears. “When tomorrow comes, I’ll still hold on to your hand and we’ll fight this obstacle together.”
Yes. We’ll fight this obstacle together. Zac is holding my hand, grasping it tight, as if to tell me he won’t ever let me go. 
My lips turn up into a smile. Yes, Zac and me, we will face the impending obstacle together, and when Clare or Gigi, Zac’s parents or Dillon for that matter—when they find out the truth, Zac and I, we will be together no matter what. We will fight them together, because today, I have finally admitted I love him. And when tomorrow comes, I will have Zac’s hand holding on to me and we will fight our obstacles. 
We will fight for our future together.




THE END

More books by Wanitta Praks


Baby Be Mine 
(Spinsters & Casanovas Book 1)

Baby I’m Yours 
(Spinsters & Casanovas Book 2)

Book coming March 2015

Baby Love Me
(Spinsters & Casanovas Book 3)

Books coming soon 

Captivated By You
(The Devereux Legacy Book 1)
 
Madam Witch 
(Spinsters & Casanovas Book 4)

Totally Captivated
(Maid to the Millionaire Series Book 1)


Recommended books by Alexia Praks

His Hired Girlfriend (Kiwi Bride Series Book 1)
Highland Kiss (Kiwi Bride Series Book 2)
A Rogue’s Desire
The Duke’s Revenge
A Secret Kiss (Falling for Sakura book 1)

Books coming soon from Alexia Praks

Her Secret Admirer (Kiwi Bride Series Book 3)
When the Sun courts the Moon (Kiwi Bride Series Book 4)
A Secret Proposal (Fall for Sakura Book 2) 
His Crimson Rose Vol. 1
The Daemon’s Wrath Vol. 1



From the author Wanitta Praks


Hi. Thank you for buying Forbidden Love: Fate, the first book to the Zac and Ivy Trilogy. I felt a very emotional attachment to this couple. It brings tears to my eyes when I think about them. They’re so young, yet they must face obstacles that in due part, not even their fault, but by a force beyond their control. Hence, that’s why their story is like that of Romeo and Juliet. 

As you may know, if you have read my comedic series, Spinsters and Casanovas, especially featuring the romantically comedic couple, Hunter and Clarice, you may have noticed that I’ve changed my writing style in here. In Spinsters and Casanovas I wrote in third person, whereas in here, I used first personal narrative, alternating between the two main protagonists, Zac and Ivy. 

In a way, I felt that writing in this style could relate more to you, as the readers, since I want you to feel for my characters. To cry when they cry, to laugh when they laugh and to feel their pain when they feel the pain. 

Regarding the structure of the story, it’s also slightly different. With Hunter and Clarice, it’s all about creating funny laughable scenes, while with Zac and Ivy, it’s about creating emotion. And I admit I cried when writing their scenes.  

So now that we’ve come to the conclusion of the first book, I hope you look forward to the next book in their series, Forbidden Love: Secret.

See you in the next book.

Wanitta Praks

PS. Here’s where you can find me.

Webpage: www.wanittapraks.com

Facebook page: 
https://www.facebook.com/pages/Wanitta-Praks/331200290384280?ref=hl

Twitter: https://twitter.com/WanittaPraks

All my books are available on Amazon, Smashwords, iBooks and other online ebooks stores.

