Fairy Tale

ipam



Smashwords Edition Copyright 2014 Pamela Joan Barlow Smashwords Edition, License Notes This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



7:01am. sunny. blue sky.
I awake staring at the ceiling, smiling. I roll out of my warm bed running into the bathroom. I wash my face, brush my teeth then comb my hair.
I smile into the mirror seeing slightly crooked white teeth, long slightly wavy black hair and glowing pale skin staring back at me. I giggle with nervousness.
I dash into the closet struggling into the pretty dress of pink color in tea length with tons of shiny sequins and gem stones around my waist, both shoulders, and skirt. I slip into the high heeled sandals of pink wiggling my naked toe bones. I grin and giggle at my very first pair of high heeled shoes and matching fancy dress. “I’m almost ready.”
I exit into the hallway running into the living room, seeing.
Female: average height, average weight, shoulder length black hair, pale skin. My mama wears a pair of faded blue jeans over her high heeled sandals of apricot-color leather with sparkling gem stones on the band. A matching ankle-length silk glittering cape with a tiny one foot train covers her sleeveless white blouse tied at the waist with a row of apricot gem stones. She smiles at me, being her daughter, of course as her tiara of apricot-colored gem stones twinkle under the bright sunlight. She hugs me then kisses my forehead like always. “You are beautiful, Persia. Are you excited about your first day of school?”
I giggle with nervousness. “Yeah, Mama!”
Male: average height, average weight, shoulder length black hair, black cat whiskers, pale skin. My daddy wears a pair of faded blue jeans over his cowboy boots of light brown. A matching ankle-length silk glittering cape of light brown with a tiny one-foot train covers his white T-shirt with a row of light brown gem stones lining down the center closing the garment. He smiles at me being his daughter, of course. His halo headpiece encircles his forehead in a light brown ribbon with tiny matching gem stones. He pulls me from Mama hugging me. “You are the most beautiful in the land, Persia. You will have fun at the Academy.”
I giggle. “I’m almost ready.”
Daddy pulls back, winking at her. “Enjoy your first of many Academy days! You understand that we will not be collecting you at sunset like usual. You’re a teenager now learning teenager lessons and doing teenager events. We will come at Holiday break to the school for you spending the weeks with us. This particular school requires your undivided attention in your academic studies making you valuable resident to the land.” I nod. He smiles. “Time to be off! I love you, Persia. We call you once per week…”
“How? How can you call me? I don’t have…”
He nods, grinning. “This is the reason for your continued academic excellence and education. You will learn the how, what, why, where, when, and who, sweetheart.”
“Okay, Daddy!”
He kisses her forehead then kisses his wife. “I’m off to work as well. See you for lunch, dear.”
“Enjoy your day, honey!” My Mama smiles when we wave goodbye seeing him walk out the front door.
We follow strolling towards the transport sitting flat on the ground without wheels or skis with my Mama hugging me.
I climb into the front seat.
Mama touches her necklace activating a floating band of apricot-color. The band streaks towards the horizon without end notifying the other travelers that she is traversing this particular space of the air waves. She touches her necklace for a second time when our transport lifts into the air above the grass. The bubble-shaped clear glass covered coach flies us towards my new academy of learning.
I exhale smiling with nervousness viewing her nose profile. Mama studies her necklace also a communication devise. I giggle with nervousness. “Why did you pick the color of apricot?”
“The gem stone picked me, honey. Apricot is a favored hue color of orange. Orange represents adventure and social communication. A being of orange is also optimistic, sociable, and extroverted like me.”
I nod, grinning. “So I’ll end up picking a favored hue color of orange, too.”
She frowns with puzzlement at me. “I don’t know, Persia. You selected the color of pink from the clothing store because you liked the color which signifies sweetness. I agree with your color selection and that personality trait,” nods.
I frown with puzzlement. I didn’t pick the color of pink. Mama picked the color of pink from the clothing store. I scan the sky. “Yeah, sweetness. Mama, will…”
She smiles at me. “I’m happy for you, Persia. You’ll have lots of fun plus lots of learning our land.”
I smile at her. “Yeah! Mama, will…”
“You’ll meet every single thirteen year old from the land. Each teen is required to attend the Academy. You’ll learn about lots and lots of things.”
“Yeah! Mama, will…”
“We live about 50 miles from the academy but fast by a flying coach. This is one of many reasons for you attending and staying on the academy campus.” She scans the sky with numerous coaches flying up and down. “O poo! Why are we slowing down?” She views Persia, smiling. “The first day of Academy is always the bestest and busiest.”
I scan the sky. “Never seen so many beat up ancient flying coaches, Mama. I thought ours was the worsest of the lot.”
“Persia!?”
“Sorry, Mama! Our coach isn’t shiny new or newly painted. The metal’s shredding like the flower petals in the wintertime. I see Yachel’s coach, too. It’s not shiny new or newly painted, either. I see lots of no shiny new or newly painted coaches, too. Why are the coaches old and scratchy? Hey! They’re moving ahead of us.”
The bells are ringing in the far distance. The sun is shining upon the tall house. The house does not gleam with beauty but dulls in ugly dark brown brick mixed with red and peeling white paint from the massive columns in front of the structure. I exhale frowning with confusion. “Is this my new school?”
“Yes.”
“I’m ascending upwards into the spiral. Each coach lands one at time from the sky down onto the pavement like some type of grand entrance for you, honey. So we have to wait our turn for your grand entrance.”
I slam my face against the window. “Okay.” I view the landscape fingering the direction. “I see our house, Mama way over there. And I see Yachel’s ranch house and farm way over there, too.”
My Mama nods, smiling. “We’re lucky. The day’s bright and clear of cloud cover for some good bird eye’s viewing. I’m sorry that we’ve never traversed over here before today since our land is both massive and beautiful. Your daddy and I just don’t have the extra time in the week or weekend. We’re always busy with you or working our…”
“Wow!” I finger the structure below us. “The Academy floats in the sky off the land…”
She views the object. “The main building was built a long time ago before the nightly flooding of the landscape from the ocean waters. To save the Academy an enchantment charm holds the building and all the attached satellites above the ground. The main building is eight stories high with a basement level underneath the front porch. The basement floods during the night so do not go down there for any reason. I do believe it’s restrictively off limits because of the dangerous rising tides. Six columns surround each face of every square-shaped structure making the campus both fancy and grand to my eyeballs,” giggles. “Each upper level holds a rocking chair balcony with the rocking chairs. The three-story side satellites sprawl out from the main house containing the classrooms and the lecture halls. There’re barn stables and mill houses, too. The mill houses prepare the meals for the students and staff.”
I nod. “I see the main building and the satellites. What’s on top of the main building? That isn’t a sloped rooftop like our house.”
“These are separate watcher stations for watching out for trouble around the Academy. Each station has four viewpoints of a geographical direction nature allowing the watcher to see the landscape, wildlife, animals, and invaders.”
“Invaders!?” I frown with worry at her.
She laughs. “I joke, honey! There’s never been an invasion of the academy or the land…”
I smash my face into the window in the direction of the objects. “I see other structures. What’s that building on my left? What’s that building on my right?”
“You will learn all at Academy, honey?”
“Yeah! Mama, will…”
She views Persia, nodding. “Are you nervous about living away from us for nine months? That’s a long time. I was nervous, too. I remember my first day at the Academy, a long time ago. But you’ve have fun meeting new teens and making new friends.”
I nod, grinning. “My best friend will be there with me. Yachel turned thirteen almost five months ago. My birthday was two days ago.”
She nods. “O poo! Yes. You’ll be one of the youngest students in your class. As a matter of fact you’ll be the youngest student in the entire school. Don’t worry! You’re young but talented like your Mama,” smiles at Persia.
I drop my mouth with shock. “Don’t worry about what, Mama? Why should I worry about that? What do I have to be worried about, Mama? How am I talented like you, Mama?”
She rolls her fingers around the necklace gem stone closing her eyelashes when the coach slowly lands on the pavement with a slight thud. I exhale with nervousness, seeing.
The six tall weather beaten white paint peeling columns are about ten feet apart making the front porch 60 foot wide in length. On the bottom steps of the cracked and busted sidewalk a row of adults both males and females stand on each side of the staircase leading up to the front porch. Each adult wears a varied colored of brown ankle-length cape over their personal clothing with matching brown gems in a female’s tiara or a male’s halo.
Mama doesn’t park or stop the roaring of the coach’s engines when the tall teenage boy smiles opening my door. A second tall teenage boy extends his arm on the other side when I scoot onto the sidewalk stepping in a deep pothole of dirt. I fall forward when the teen grabs my arm steadying my balance.
I giggle smiling at him when he winks.

8:01 am.
Female: tall, overweight, brown hair, brown skin, brown eyes. She strolls to me wearing an array of numerous aqua-colored gem stones on her cape and tiara. She nods, smiling. “Welcome Miss Persia to the Academy! This way shows the banquet room for your first day of session serviced by your personal escort Master Gable.” Male: teen, short, spaced teeth, curly brown hair, dark skin, skinny. He giggles then mouth spits between his parted lips when I frown with disgust and back step hitting the closed door of the coach. He wears faded blue jeans under a baby blue ankle-length cape. The female grabs my arm dragging me to Gable. “Do not be shy, Miss Persia. Every teen is nervous, today. Master Gable, please show Miss Persia the entrance hall leading into the banquet room.”
He nods stumbling up the stairs squeezing my arm in slight pain. I frown with puzzlement at the front porch. The columns are worse in eyeball range rather than from the air view. The paint is peeling or missing pieces on the wood. Some type of rodent family is living within the far column hanging by toenails wiggling its tail at me.
He spits more salvia between his parted lips. “Yeah! Okay! Shore thing! Up the stairs, darling! I’m Gable. My daddy’s a...”
I slowly two step around the rotten wood and broken planks of the front stairs then stomp upon the front porch. The concrete of the porch is cracked with wiggly lines or numerous small fusions of ripped cement. The windows are dirty and broken with spidery cracks, not completely busted from the panes.
A row of adults in various shades of brown-colored capes stand between the window panes when one parts the double doors. I quickly glance at the door seeing rotten wood, splintered holes, and a broken door knob. We stomp into the hallway when the door slams behind us.
I guide away from the spit and the smell of him. “Do you need a pair of eyeglasses or a hearing devise? You don’t need to stand so close to me. As a matter of fact you can release my arm. I’m losing blood circulation,” stepping towards the wall while he still holds my arm. I study the objects then the brightly colored hallway. “What’s the importance of the entrance hall? I see nothing but white walls…”
He studies the wall. “Uh! Pictures in color…”
I finger the wall. “Individual photographs of the queen of the land present to past.” I slap his arm for fun, giggling. “I don’t like your baby blue cape. How long have you been escorting girls into the banquet room, this morning?”
He scratches his forehead drooling with salvia. “Me either! My daddy dropped me off about five minutes ago. That female jerked me out the coach then told me to stand on the sidewalk next to the collectors,” views the floor. “Did you notice that the walking sidewalk was filled with lots of broken up concrete slabs and big holes showing the red clay? The windows are busted along with the door. And the floor’s rough walking along the hallway,” slapping the tile with his cowboy boot. He nods. “The tiles are old, crack and need some good hand polishing. Some tiles need replacing, too.” I nod, studying the tile flooring, too. He studies the ceiling, fingering. “The ceiling’s poured concrete, not pretty painted wood. I guess the plantation house of the Academy is older then the queen. What’da ya think, Persia?”
I nod studying the ceiling then the hallway. “I guess,” hearing faint voices coming from the wall on my left. “We’re here!” We stand in the archway being blocked by another adult.
The male: tall, muscular, pale skin, green eyes, blonde hair. He wears a dark brown-colored silk ankle-length cape under his blue jeans. He possesses dark brown boots and dark brown halo. He scans behind his collar bone at the room then fingers each side wall. “Girls on your left. Boys on your right.”
I nod scooting towards the left side of the room. There is a round table wearing a pink tablecloth for sweetness. I eye roll scooting into the last empty seat next to Yachel.
She fist-bumps my hand, giggling. “Check out our future boyfriends!” She fingers the front tables of teen males.
The room is configured with a center aisle of emptiness separating a set of rounded tables. Each table holds a group of males or females, not nicely mixed together. Each table is color-coordinated with each occupant, too. I wear a pink dress and cape along with Yachel plus the other thirteen year old girls. The thirteen year old boys wear the color of baby blue jeans and matching capes.
Along the wall there are single wooden chairs, non-matching in different wooden designs holding an adult in her or his colored head piece and gown. They are the mentors of the Academy. Two are behind me, two along the northern wall and two along the southern wall studying the students.
The table ahead of me is colored in dull red for both females and males all being fourteen years old. The table before them is colored in grass green for the fifteen year old females and males. The sixteen year old teens wear black capes on a black covered table. The seventeen year old teens are dressed in different shades of color separated into two tables.
I study the banquet hall. Each table is covered with a ratty and patched tablecloth including mine. The walls and ceiling of the banquet room needs paint. The floor is wooden needing polishing. There are low hanging windows both dirty and cracked like the front porch’s windows.
I frown with puzzlement studying our eating table. I sit in the rear of the room nearest the breezy archway and the open windows emitting heat and wind from the hot day of August. I whisper into her face. “What about the competition for our future boyfriends, Yachel?”
Yachel: average height, average weight, dirty blonde hair, dark skin, violet eyes. She smiles scanning our table of girls. “Let’s see! I know Zann and Apella and Kuelle...”
“Come again?” I frown with puzzlement scanning the faces of the girls on my table. “I don’t know these girls. Where do they live?”
Yachel giggles. “Throughout the land…”
Female: tall, queen-sized, blonde hair, blue eyes, pale skin. She wears a cape of pale yellow with matching gem stones. The color and gem stones match her tiara. She stands in the center of the aisle between the eating tables on each side. On the tables each plate and cup is filled with food and liquid. She raises both arms for greeting and attention when her palm pale yellow jewel glitters from the sunlight, smiling and nodding. “Welcome to all! Welcome to our first day of session. I am the head mentor of Fairyland Princess and Prince Academy. My name is Mentor Daffodil. You will be introduced to our academic mentors later after breakfast. Each morning we will gather here for any bold announcements and some brief social exchanges enjoying our first day’s meal. After mealtime you will attend the first session of academic classes throughout the day with your class mates. In the evening your meal will be taken inside your sleeping suite while you get acquainted with your new or old students. I do believe that you have noticed the different colors of capes.
“Our fifth class or the thirteen years old come to the Academy in the newborn colors of pink for girls and blue for boys,” when some of the bold males coo like doves. Daffodil frowns with frustration at the teens. “Do not think for an instant that I have not recorded that vile deed, boys! You will see me after breakfast,” when the same males frown. “My presentation is basically for the new students. You start in the Academy as pink or blue then move up the array of colors. The color designates your specific degree of talent skills associated as learning fairies. Please do not be discouraged. Each class holds an array of bright colors, dull colors, brilliant colors, and soft colors. A color spectrum contains numerous hues which equal your talent. This is purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. You are a fairy. We do not possess a set of flapping ugly wings as the fairy tale goes. We are varied in heights, weights, skin tones, and hair colors. We are a class of supernatural beings possessing magical powers, too. I have concluded my short lecture for the day. Let us break bread and spread the butter in peace as fairies.”
I study the plate touching the object. “It fills hard like a rock.”
Yachel chews the bread spitting food particles. “It’s food. Is this our breakfast? Where’s my stack of buttermilk pancakes or a pot of scrambled eggs or the pan of buttermilk biscuits?”
Female: petite, red hair, pink skin, green eyes. She frowns with puzzlement at Persia. “The ritual comes from our rich yesteryear, when the first Fairy Queen possessed only a dry piece of soft warm bread. She shared the bread with a starving handsome male who only possessed rich creamy hot butter then the two married…”
“…and mated…,” giggles Yachel.
The female stares at Yachel, smiling and nodding, “…becoming the first royal couple of Fairyland.”
“I like fairy tales, too,” Yachel giggles spitting more food particles.
I slam the bread with the fork which is missing one prong and the dull knife that couldn’t cut my tree leaf. “Is it really soft and warm inside? I can’t cut it open to see or taste or nothing.”
The female sighs then frowns with puzzlement at Persia. She lifts the bread. “You’re supposed to tear bread, not cut it, tart. I am Apella. My parents are watchers. And you are…”
“Hungry!?” Yachel grabs my bread tearing it in half. She lays the other half on my plate. I giggle grabbing and eating the bread. She smiles with food particles between her teeth. “Yachel, not really a first enjoyable experience meeting you, but I guess the very first impression burned into my retinas can change over time after about twenty to thirty years from our first introduction at the Academy.”
Female: tall, auburn hair, bronze skin, brown eyes. She smiles tearing her bread. “I’m Zann. My parents are watchers, too.”
Yachel says. “My parents are farmers.”
Apella frowns with confusion. “You mean to say that your parents are…workers.”
Yachel exhales, nodding. “Yeah! I mean to say that they work as workers on the farm growing food, being farmers. You’re really swift there, Apella.”
I say. “My parents are watchers, too.”
Daffodil stands. “Attention students! The bread has been broken and spread. Please stand and wait for your class mentor. Good luck and swift learning!”
“Daffodilly is too cheery in the morning time for me.” Yachel stands wiping the crumbs from her cape and dress.

First class. 8:30 am.
The entire room is solid white glowing smooth plastic on the ceiling, the flooring, and the walls, without windows for viewing the pretty day of white clouds and tall trees. There are smooth rounded white plastic chairs in five rows from front to rear. I select the chair beside Yachel. She sits in the one nearest the wall. I scoot into the curved seat filling the smooth plastic on my fanny and legs but I am totally eye blinded from viewing the side walls, the rear wall, the rear door, Yachel, and the other white chairs on either side. I view the front wall, the diagonal front row chair curves, and finally the teacher.
I drag the extended white tray in rectangle shape with rounded edges. The tray is not marred with a single ugly black or colored scratch or a single pencil holder for writing notes of my future academic lessons. I pull it into my chest. I rub the tray finding an embedded shallow rounded pocket along the front edge in the center of the tray for holding something.
Female: tall, queen-sized, brown hair, brown skin, brown eyes. She wears an aqua-colored cape plus tiara from my morning’s greeting and invitation to the Academy. She stands in front of the white wall, without a desk or book or ruler or pencil. She motions for the students to enter, smiling and nodding.
Yachel scoots her tray from her chest then leans forwards out from her chair. I lean out from my chair viewing her smile, when she fingers the teacher then the tray. “I met her this morning. This is a reader-tray. We can write messages to each other during class, without talking or being caught by the instructor.”
I frown with puzzlement at the tray. “Cool! A reader-tray! How do I write a message? I don’t have a pencil or pen...”
Yachel eye roll then grins at me. “Persia, we’re fairies, darling. You write with your finger using the nail or the pad just spell out the letters in black then form the word in black. Then you add the black words together forming a sentence...”
“I know how to write, read, and add, tart. The teacher greeted me at the entrance doors this morning too then Master Gable escorted me down that rough looking hallway into the more rough looking banquet hall. What’s up with the paint job at the Academy?”
Yachel giggles. “An institution of learning something other than painting and polishing the floors ‘cause, darling I ain’t doing that.”
I exhale. “Is that your wise advice for the day?”
Yachel giggles smoothing the plastic with her hands. “Yup! And don’t forget to eat your vegetables at lunchtime.”
The Mentor smiles cupping her hands in front of her cape, facing the students. “Welcome to the Academy!” I lean back into the chair facing her. She nods. “I greeted you this morning for your first day of session. I am your class mentor which means if there is any trouble between fairies I will handle it. If there is any trouble between me and you I will handle it. And if there is any trouble within the Academy I will handle it. Is that clear?” she nods. “Good. This is your first session of the day every morning starting tomorrow at nine o’clock after breakfast. Today’s hours and sessions are shortened on the first day of session. The class subject is Fairy Lore. I am Mentor Ibbie. You will address me as Mentor Ibbie or ma’am or mentor.” She removes her necklace placing the object inside an embedded pocket at the center of wall above her skull. Each wall, the floor, and the ceiling around the room turns into the color of neon green then changes into a life size female: tall, long blonde hair, pale skin, red short dress, blue wings, no shoes.
I swirl my chair around the room since I can’t see behind or beside me confirming the image. The pretty female fairy is projected on the walls, the ceiling, and the flooring. I giggle swirling my chair towards the front of the room.
Gable shouts from the rear of the room. “See this!” I feel my desk slowly swirl from the front to the rear of the room facing Gable. He’s sitting inside a duplicate desk in the next to last row. The fairy princes occupy the last two rows while the fairy princesses are scattered among the first four. I giggle feeling slightly dizzy then view Yachel. She and her desk had turned from the front of the room facing Gable, too. I view the other side, seeing the other desks containing the rest of the fairy princesses. Each desk had turned from the front of the room facing Gable. He smiles, nodding at each fairy princess. He fingers the wall then his tray. “My tray displays the same picture in miniature. Wow! This is reader-tray. It reads and shows any type of image, picture, text, musical notes or entertainment movie...”
Mentor Ibbie speaks. “Very good, Master Gable,” when my desk slowly swirls around facing the mentor. I giggle feeling slightly dizzy, again. She smiles. “You are occupying a reader-chair with a reader-tray!” I glide my hand over the picture on the tray. It doesn’t shiver or quiver or disappear.
Gable shouts fingering the wall. “Fairies don’t have wings,” when my reader-chair slowly swirls around again to face him. I frown with dizzy. The other reader-chairs have turned with me, again.
Apella frowns with confusion facing Gable tossing her arms. “Why do I keep spinning from the front to the rear of the room? I selected this position specifically to view the mentor and all the sessions for a proper education,” when my reader-chair along with the other reader-chairs face Apella. She sits on the front row but her reader-chair is facing us.
Ibbie speaks. “Your answer is very good, Master Gable!” Apella’s reader chair slowly swirls to face the mentor. The mentor smiles, nodding. “Your reader-chair will automatically swirl to the speaker during the session.”
Gable says. “I’m getting dizzy from the spinning,” when my reader-chair slowly swirls to face him for another comment.
Ibbie says. “Please may I ask for no further comments from the students at this time until I have completed my lecture,” when my reader-chair slowly swirls to face her. She smiles. “The reader-chair will automatically swirl towards the vocal speaker during your session. However you are a fairy part of your training as a fairy is to control the reader-chair with your mental thoughts. For example, when Master Gable shouts another comment then you command your reader-chair to pose towards the front of the class room. Or you relax your thoughts allowing the reader-chair to swirl side to side or around facing him or the current vocal speaker. Beware! We will be involved in heavy discussions of Fairy Lore with many of the students actively participating. If you do not control your thoughts and your reader-chair then you will eventually vomit up your breakfast entree from the morning,” chuckles with the students. She claps, smiling. “The purpose of the reader-chair allows the participant to view and debate any other student with the on-going hot fairy topic. I have completed my first lecture. Now I will move to the rest of the day’s session. I must confess as a mentor of learning I am greatly disappointed that the Academy does not award numeric points or lettered grades of excellent for good work or the reverse giving out numerous demerits of poor performance. You are here to discover your purpose. Your purpose is embedded into your soul as a fairy, not even your mama or daddy or grandmother can deduct your job function, your destiny, your life.”
I exhale cupping my hands over the smooth tray viewing Ibbie then feel slight heat under my arms. I view the tray, seeing a group of black words forming a sentence covering the center of the tray.
My destiny is a farmer present and future.
I frown at the sentence then hear Yachel giggles. I view the side of my reader-chair, not seeing her then understand. Yachel has written me a message on her reader-tray using her finger pad which appears on my reader-tray. I giggle wiping my hand over Yachel’s sentence. It disappears leaving the white smooth surface again.
Ibbie waves her hand when the wall behind her skull changes into a single page of words. I view the same page on the ceiling and the floor. She reads the wall ahead of her. “I am a fairy...”
I giggle smoothing my reader-tray with my fingers, whispering to my eardrums, only. “The tray shows the page with those exact words. I am a fairy....”
I mentally send to Yachel and write using my finger on my reader-tray in black words.
Is she going to read us the entire text?
Yachel writes in fingernail...Yeah!
I giggle as Ibbie reads from the wall. “I do not possess wings. I vary in height, weight, skin, and hair color. I would like for each fairy to stand please,” when I stand with the students. She smiles. “I would like you to view your desk buddy then your surrounding neighbors verifying my proclamation.” I giggle and scan the room. Apella sits in the front row with another girl. Zann sits in the second row along the other wall with another girl. I don’t know all the kids or names like Yachel. The males seat in the rear. Ibbie says. “Please sit!”
I scoot into the reader-chair, seeing. The tray has split in half. The right side shows the page from Ibbie. The left side shows a new sentence from Yachel.
I take Stad, Hadwin, Molfalso, and handsomely cute Britton...
I giggle and fingernail write below her sentence....How do you know all these kids?”
I see them around the town. You need to expand your playground, Persia.
I frown and fingernail write below our message...My parents!?
I wipe the sentences away with my hand when Ibbie says. “You have verified with your five senses that fairies can come in different shapes and sizes along with different personalities and talents. A fairy is a supernatural being, who possesses magical powers...”
Gable stands from chair fingering and shouting at the wall. “The wall didn’t change into a picture of a watermelon that I wanna see,” when my reader-chair slowly swirls around. I exhale mentally thinking it to stop but swirl to face Gable.
I see half of the reader-chairs face Gable, including Yachel and Zann, not Apella.
Ibbie tosses her hand over the embedded necklace, when an invisible force pushes Gable down into his desk. The students laugh when Ibbie smiles. “A fairy is a supernatural being who possesses magical powers within their body,” when my reader-chair swirls to face her. I frown with dizziness. She says. “However the magical powers can only be corralled then harnessed through a conduit. We are not witches or wizards or ghosts or werewolves or trolls. We are fairies. My fairy conduit is my necklace. When I wave any desired body part over the gem stone of the necklace I command my inner talents. Each one of you possesses a range of inner powers. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of your,” the page turns. “In additional to your purpose each fairy will exhibit at all times...”
Gable shouts. “Wee little folks of peace and quiet..,” when my reader-chair starts to swirls towards him.
I stop it half-way then return it to the front of the class as I hear Yachel giggles. I feel heat on my arm from my reader-tray then view the sentence on the left side.
Are ya bored? I really bored except when I do a sideways quick glance at Stad. He’s so handsomely cute. Can I call a guy cute? Or does he get upset with that term?
I giggle then fingernail write below her sentence...Your teen hormones are beating ya up, Yachel.
Then I feel my chair slightly turn to Yachel. I close my eyelashes stopping the swift movement then face the front of the room, exhaling. I feel heat from the tray, seeing the sentence on the left side of the tray.
Ya know why we’re really here.
I fingernail write below her sentence...To beat upon Apella I’m not especially fond of that girl. She’s a...
I feel my chair slightly turn to Apella towards the wall when I mentally stop the movement. I exhale twirling my chair to face Ibbie. I feel heat from my tray on the left side.
Smartie! I’m glad handsomely cute guys like pretty dumb girls like you.
I frown and fingernail write below her sentence...I’m not dumb bunny, Yachel.
Ibbie reads from the side wall to the new students. “I attend the Academy. I wear my fairy cape for all academic sessions and social functions. I will obey the mentors. I will discover my purpose. What are the primary characteristics for each fairy princess and prince to exhibit during the tenure of Academy? The answers are the characteristics of grace, pose, balance, charm and honor.”
I study the black glowing words on my tray occupying the entire surface with a frown, whispering. “What the fig does those words me? Nothing to me! Grace, pose, balance, charm and honor.”
I fingernail write in the top left corner when the tray splits in half. I think to Yachel sending the sentence to her reader-tray, privately.
Am I supposed to be writing this stuff down somewhere like my forearm, since lacking a pen, a pencil, an ink feather, a computer pad or a single sheet of paper? Do you know, Yachel?
Yachel fingernail writes below my sentence...Persia, we are sent here to find our soul mate, our loving husband, our life time sweetheart.
I drop my mouth then smile when my reader-chair swiftly swirls to face all the males in the last two rows. The students laugh when I part my lips in shock. All the males wink and wave at me when I turn strawberry red with embarrassment.
Ibbie says. “The reader-chair and you are one entity, Miss Persia,” when my reader-chair slowly swirls to face her. She smiles, nodding at me. “The reader-chair will automatically turn to face any vocal speaker inside the room for the current hot debate topic of a learned lesson unless you stop it, the rotating movement. And the reader-chair will automatically turn to face any student within your wandering mental thoughts unless your control your heated teen girly hormones, Miss Persia.”
I swallow with nervousness turning bright red while making my mind blank. “Yes, ma’am!”
She nods. “This is my second lecture for the session,” waves her hand when the walls, the ceiling, and flooring returns back to into solid white along with the reader-trays. “Our class time has ended. I will remind after breakfast you will come here working with me on another tale of Fairy Lore. Please adjoin to your sleeping suites. This is satellite number nine. Your sleeping suites are located within building numbers one and two. One is the female sleeping suites. Please follow the main hallway back towards entrance hall then turn to the right before the banquet room. I would change out of your dresses, girls. You may wear any form of clothing. However I will tattle in advance your next class is outdoors, so I would dress appropriately.”

Hallway. 9:01 am.
I scoot from the chair, not smiling racing out the archway. Yachel dashes behind Persia tapping her collar bone. I slow when she giggles in my face. “I like not toting an arm load of books or homework assignment. I like the Academy, so far. I’m still pondering the purpose and the mentors, thou.” She jerks Persia forward towards the boys ahead who walk in pairs. They were seated in the last row dashing out the room, first.
Yachel slams into the back muscles of the tall male then back pedals, giggling and grinning. I drop my mouth standing beside her, watching.
The male stops, sneers then swings to Yachel. He quickly smiles, winking at her. “Hey, Yachel! I saw ya upfront in class.”
Yachel winks, swaying her body side to side as I pay close attention. “Yeah! My farm’s got some more fresh strawberries, last week. If your mama wants some I can arrange for a delivery to your house.”
Male: tall, slender, black hair, blue eyes, pale skin. He says. “Shore thing, Yachel! I can’t call my Mama. It’s against the rules,” views me. “Hey! I’m Stad.”
I nod, giggling and swaying side to side like Yachel. “I’m Persia. Nice to meet ya, Stad.”
Some of the other boys crowd around us. Gable stands beside me. “Hello, fairies! I’m Gable,” touching my collar bone when I two-step into Yachel away from his spit and smell. “And this is my girl Persia.”
Yachel swings around me, frowning with disappointment. “I thought I was your girl, Gable. You called me babe last week in market...”
Mentor Ibbie invades our huddles, saying with fury. “Does anyone remember my remark about trouble?”
“Yes, ma’am!” I nod walking with the fairies towards our sleeping suites.

Persia’s room. second floor.
I stand and smile inside the archway of my single private bedroom. The room is dull beige maybe once bright yellow with peeling paint and rough holes near the top of the ceiling. I see a canopy bed in the wall corner complete with a bed cover and matching canopy curtains of some type of ugly but colorful patchwork squares. There is a nice slick dark green marble vanity set with a wide reflection mirror inside the other wall corner. There are two walls of viewing windows, where I can barely seek the tall green apple tree between the spidery cracks of clear glass narrowing my eyelashes. In the window corner there’s a loveseat and two side tables and a low table holding nothing. A horizontal set of pull-out wooden drawers badly needing a fresh coat of any color paint is built into the wall below the windows for my clothes.
I walk inside whipping around. On the opposite wall from the wooden drawers is a solid white wall of smooth plastic with a reader-chair and tray. I giggle. “My study chair,” swinging to the bed. I walk over lifting the bed cover sniffing for cleanliness. “Are these things washed and cleaned?”
Yachel enters my room wearing her jeans and cape, nodding and smiling. “Yeah! I checked for head lice, fleas, and ticks.”
I rip off the bed cover, seeing. The bed sheets are thin threaded and patched matching the bed cover and canopy curtains. I exhale frowning with annoyance. “A torn and patched matched set, too boot.”
She giggles kneeling into the loveseat, looking out the window. “I like your apple tree view. I view an oak tree and a flower garden from the third level,” fingers the door. “There’s a private lavatory over here against the wall.  No sharing the invisible germs with the other fairies. There’s a closet hiding your suitcases.”
“Third level!?” I swing to the closet, entering and changing out of my dress.
She stands in the middle of the room. “The rooms are labeled using the alphabet starting with the letter A for Apella. Her student room’s on the ground floor watching the squirrels sh...”
“Yachel...”
“...shoot their pookie into the low ugly plain green bushes with matching silk threads of black widow spider homes under her two walls of broken window panes,” she giggles. “Do spiders bite fairies? I guess so. I do not wanna be her or the letter A for any reason here at Academy...”
“This is the Academy.”
“I surprised ya didn’t hear her whining and yelling at Ibbie. Someone was either smart or sassy giving the first letters of the alphabet to the first floor like my ‘f’ sounds.”
I exit standing and smiling in my faded blue jeans and dirty blue and gray cowgirl boots. “Naw! Where’s our next class? What’s our next class? Who’s our next class?”
Yachel leads out my room into the hallway then we walk together. She giggles. “Gem class.”
I exhale tossing my arms. “Gym class? How’da you know that answer?”
“My mama and daddy liked to gossip with the other parents about the Academy, before I got permanently shipped out for six years from my warm cozy sweet smelling lavender colored bedroom. I got the scoop-dee-doop on everyone and everything. Ask me a question, any question about the Academy?”
I exhale, slapping my jeans. “How am I going to exercise in jeans, boots, and a fairy cape in gym class?” Yachel laughs when I frown with annoyance.

Second session. Gem class. 9:33 am.
I study the room walking through an enclosed dark tunnel under the bleachers stomping into an open theater of emptiness. I stop scanning the tall rough concrete walls, without windows or sunlight under the artificial lamps. “Where’s the balance beam for gymnastics? I can balance on my tippy toes...”
Yachel drags me to the side. We climb up towards the top parking our boots on the top row. She sits next to Stad, winking and giggling for her amusement. He smiles, winking back.
Female: petite, slender, blonde hair, dark skin, aqua eyes. She stands in front of the first curved row of benches on the ground level, motioning with both arms. “Please move down from the top bleachers. I would all the students to occupy the first two benches. This is a lecture hall for over five hundred fairies. Your class holds twenty individuals. This is a lecture hall that can be converted into a working gymnasium.” The teens shuffle down, sitting. She smiles, nodding. “Welcome to Gem Class. I am Mentor Oviv. Do you have a favorite color? Please feel free to speak out.”
“Green.”
“Red.”
“Blue.”
“Not pink.”
“Not baby blue.”
“No.”
“Maybe.”
Gable stands with a frown. “Can I go to the bathroom, now?”
Yachel leans into my face. “This is g.e.m class inside the g.y.m class,” giggles.
“O!” I frown with annoyance staring at the mentor.
She fingers the door then paces side to side scanning the faces. “Go on Master Gable! Our excellent eyesight plus our brain patterns can distinguish different hues of pretty bold and pale colors. However color is not always just a pretty face to your clothing or bed covers. A color is alive living within your fairy body, too. You possess right now an invisible personality color which equals your personal talent as a fairy. The color understands your behavior and your character in terms of the physical, mental, emotional and spiritual state of fairy body but you do not. Your personality color will eventually display for others your strengths, weaknesses, vulnerabilities, needs, wants, desires, and challenges as you stroll along the days of your long life in Fairyland,” when the hand raises. “O! I can read your mind, dear. No fairy possesses two or more personality colors under any extreme circumstances,” smiles. “You eye witnessed the other colorful tables different from pink and blue. As each class advances in the Academy practicing and rehearsing the fairy lessons the prime colors of you. Each student will advance at a different level within varying degrees of the prime color. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the Mentors. This is the purpose of you. So forth and beyond, you are thirteen years old this year. The next stage of your life is fourteen years old represented by red, always. Fifteen years old students are capes of green. At the age of sixteen years old you will fall deeply into the rich darkness of black while your color peculates within to outward. Finally here at Academy within your final class of your final year at the seventeen year of your person…”
Yachel giggles and leans into me. “Say that three times faster than a flying coach.”
“…your personality color will shine for all to see, hear, taste, touch and experience.” Oviv nods, smiling. “This final prime color understands and motivates you into the very best being of the land,” when a hand rises. “O! I can read your mind, my dear. “You might greatly dislike the personality color but who cares. The color doesn’t care since it is your true personality shaping and reshaping throughout the next six years here at Academy. Your personal personality color will balance your life incorporating your work, your energy and your fairy family,” tosses her arms.
Apella raises her hand, saying. “Mentor Oviv, I understand the definitions of each personality color. I know that the color of red means energy…”
She tosses her hands, nodding. “Please stand. Thank you very much, Miss Apella for sharing your massive knowledge of the personality fairy colors. We will discuss that aspect when we return from our rock hunt.” She swings towards the door in the rear of the building. “We are venturing into the unknown territory but the known cavern, where the color lives. The color is represented by a gem stone. Follow me!”
I stand and giggle walking in my faded shredded jeans and cowgirl boots, not pink along with Yachel. I drag my ankle-length pink cape tied at my waist over the dirty carpet. Yachel duplicates my walking manner slapping her legs. She spins around walking backwards. “I know Hadwin and…”
I walk forward scooting around the holes in the old worn carpet. “How do you know all these boys and girls?”
She swings around skipping over the holes. “Where do you live, Persia on planet Venus or planet Mars? I see these kids in the market. They buy my parents foodstuffs.”
“O poo! I don’t go to the market with parents ‘cause my parents buy your foodstuffs from your parents at their house. Then my parents work and work and work during the week and weekends while I slump and slumber around the house, the lawn, your house or your farm. My life’s really boring.”
She slaps my collar bone cuddling me. “Not anymore, babe this is the Academy.”
I giggle and stomp down the stone steps from the rear door of building which needs repair from the broken and chipped rocks and pebbles. I exhale studying the dry grass, the tall weeds and the numerous wiggling worms living in the exposed moist dirt. “The Academy looks in bad shape. The way my Mama talked about the grand and fancy structure I thought I was going to live in a castle.”
“This is the purpose of the Academy, an institution of learning not polishing the floors which I ain’t going to do. Fairyland don’t have any princess castles only plantation homes around clusters of farms. Except for the queen’s residence, she lives in a fort.”
“A fort, what fart?” I giggle.
Oviv stops and swings to us. She stands in front of a cavern entrance covered by a large boulder. “This is the gem cave. A gem is a cut up rock. Therefore you will be searching for your particular rock of any color which will be later transformed into a gem stone.”
Yachel whispers to me. “I do not like the sound of those words: transformed later. Do ya know how to shape a piece of earth rock into a pretty piece of wearing jewel?”
Oviv extends both arms outward, saying. “As you slowly walk on the dirt path extend both hands outward along the walls. You do not have to touch the wall with your finger pads only hover your hands near the dirt. Do not fret! Your color will seek you by way of heat. When you feel a sight warming sensation close your hands around the perimeter of the heat your hand will start burning with more intense heat. The heat will come from that particular rock then you must tap the rock three times with your fingers or knuckles signaling you are the master or mistress. The rock will pop out of the wall and into your hands in both coolness and cool,” nods. She sweeps her hand to the choker. “I have my gem stone embedded into a neck choker for both easy and beauty. My inner power is emitted through my choker in the form of a single wave,” swings towards the boulder. “Please watch my demonstration closely. My wave of power comes from the gem stone inside my choker but I will use my hands to manipulate the wave. Or I can use my feet or elbows to turn and twist the wave in any direction for my power function,” when a hunter green wave soars in the air then hits the middle of the boulder. The boulder slowly slides to the side by the wave revealing darkness. I narrow my eyelashes into the darkness, not seeing anything. Oviv walks then stands by the new opening, smiling and fingering her. “Miss Apella, you are the first fairy princess standing inside the semi-crooked line. Please enter and seek your rock.” Apella smiles bouncing with excitement towards the cave entrance. She stops and spins around, smiling and waving at the students. Then she twirls around disappearing into the darkness, when you hear a scream. Oviv giggles looking at the students. “Did I mention that a cave is dark? There’s no sunlight,” when you hear a moan. She nods. “Caves do not possess a gang of evil spirits, only hard rocks. Sometimes, the dry soil and the water moisture will shift the rock around the soil making a moaning sound,” views the entrance. “Miss Apella has ventured ahead for the next fairy to enter. Please advance into the cave, Master Gable.”
Gable stares at her walking towards the mouth of the cave. He disappears into the darkness when you hear a scream then a moan. I exhale and elbow Yachel as we both watch each student vanish waiting for our turn of surprise.
Oviv views Yachel. “You are next Miss Yachel.” Yachel exhales and elbows me. She slowly walks towards the cave then disappears when you hear a scream then a moan. I exhale swaying side to side with nervousness. Oviv motions to me, nodding. “Miss Persia, please enter the cave and find your rock.”
“Yes, ma’am!” I gallop with nervous excitement through the darkness, stopping. The floor is dark dirt along with the low ceiling of steady dark dirt. I hear a scream squinting the far distance. I see shadows of the previous students before me with extended arms seeking their rocks. I don’t feel water molecules only a slight breeze of wind then I hear a moan from the shifting rock. The cave is dark with tiny pin pricks of colored light from the glittering rocks embedded inside the dirt walls. Yachel is ahead of me walking with her extended arms. I extend my arms feeling nothing but the cool breeze. I swing my face from wall to wall, slowly walking. I hear a scream then a moan, stopping and panting. I squint my eyelashes ahead seeing only the shadows of the students with extended arms looking like the small letter ‘t’ from the lighted rocks beaming off their hands.
I slowly walk seeing the raw colors of twinkling blues, greens, reds, oranges, indigos, yellows, pinks, purples, browns, grays, turquoises, golds, and magentas. I feel thrilled then heat.
I gasp, stopping. I study the wall pulling my hands towards the rock of magenta. I feel intense burning heat then tap the rock with my finger. It pops from the wall landing inside my open palms in coolness. I giggle, smiling. I back step from the wall holding my personality rock in my palms slowly walking towards Yachel. She continues to fan the walk with her hands wiggling her fingers when I giggle coming up behind her. I giggle. “Yachel,” she swings to me when I extend my hands. “Look. I got my personality rock. My hands heated then popped out the wall like Mentor Oviv told. It’s the color of…”
She gasps then frowns with puzzlement. “Magenta. You got a magenta rock. Wow! That’s a pretty color in its raw format. I bet it’s a bright bold color as a gem stone. Congratulations, Persia!” she frowns with disappointment viewing the dirt wall. “I am still seeking…”
“Thanks! I’m marching ahead and see what’s happening with the rest of the class.” She nods, resuming her forward stance. She extends her arms slowly walking along the dirt walls. I smile and skip ahead and around some of the slow walking students then hit the brightness. I walk to Mentor Oviv showing off my rock, frowning with confusion. “How did you get here before me, Mentor Oviv?”
She gasps, studying my stone. “Magenta rock! I haven’t seen a magenta rock in ages. Congratulations, Miss Persia!”
I grin. “What does the color of magenta represent, mentor? My mama is apricot for communication. My daddy is brown for security. Pink is sweetness. What’s meaning of magenta?”
“I stuck gold,” shouts and smiles Apella running from the cave. She stops in front of Oviv extending her palms. “I got a gold nugget for my personality rock. Gold means I radiate charisma. I’m loved by all,” giggles and jumping up and down with excitement.
Oviv nods, smiling. “Very nice, Miss Apella! We will discuss the individual rock colors in class, Miss Persia. Please both of ya’ll go and stand with the other students while I wait and watch for the remaining students to exit the cavern.”
Apella views the cave. “What fart? It’s not like there’s a real live boogie cave man inside with a pick axe hunting for fairies. How many are in there, still?”
Oviv frowns with annoyance at Apella. “You language skills need some more polishing, fairy princess before you graduate the Academy, Miss Apella.” Apella giggles running into the crowd of students. She exhales viewing the exit cave point. “There are twenty students under my watchful eye and tender care. Five fairies are still missing.”
Zann exits holding her rock, smiling. “I got pink. Yay!” She shows Oviv then enters the crowd of students exhibiting her selected rock and pretty smile.
Yachel exits and holds her rock, nodding. She runs to me. I smile, saying. “Pale blue, it means loyalty.”
Oviv clears her throat behind Yachel. “Where are the rest of the teens, Yachel? Radford is missing along with Walcott, Stad, Molfalso, Jackzee...”
Yachel eye rolls at me, when I giggle. She says. “Right behind me with their colored rocks and red necks, mentor madam.” Oviv back steps from Yachel’s hair roots, sneering. She advances to the edge of darkness searching for the missing students.
Apella bumps into my fanny, giggling. She stands beside my elbow. “And what does your personality rock say about you, Yachel?”
I nod, smiling at Yachel. “Pale blue means loyalty. And my best friend has always shown me great loyalty. Her personality rock got it right. I popped from the wall a magenta rock. What does the color magenta mean? Do you know, Yachel?”
Apella frowns with puzzlement at me. “Yachel is your best friend, a loyal friend. I don’t understand. How is that even possible, Persia?”
I smile and wink at Yachel, nodding. “Yeah, darling! She’s a loyal friend and my fun neighbor. Her farm’s next to my house. We grow up together like sisters doing everything together like sisters. That’s how it is possible, Miss Apella.”
Yachel frowns with puzzlement at my rock. “Magenta is a rare rock and rarer find. No cavern really yields that many colors of….”
“I got a gold nugget.” Apella shoves her hands into the huddle, smiling and nodding. “Look see here!”
Yachel gasps. “Impossible. A gold rock plus a magenta rock inside the same cavern from the same session. That’s sweet.”
Zann joins the huddle, smiling. “I pulled out a pink rock for sweetness. I like the color pink, too.”
I smile, nodding. “What does the color of magenta mean anyone?”
Oviv claps and stands in front of the students. “Congratulations, fairies. You are another step closer of discovering your purpose.”
Yachel eye rolls, giggling. “…with only about hundred and twenty-eight more steps to go.”
I frown with confusion. “Really!?”
Apella giggles at me. “Not really! Your loyal friend likes to lie, Persia. Do you lie all the time, Miss Yachel?”
Oviv says. “Your personality rock is part of your fairy powers. Keep this rock with you always. Do not lose or misplace your rock. For the safety and security of your rock there is a designed set of empty shells of jewelry holding your rock in place such like in a female’s necklace or male’s neck clip chain. The shells are located inside the left side of your clothing bureau on the bottom drawer. I strongly recommend securing your rock immediately before your next session. You will have time. I am ending our session early for this specific purpose.”
“Purpose is a reoccurring theme, today.” Yachel giggles.
I exhale. “We were going to discuss the meanings of the color for the rest of session, Mentor Oviv. I have the color of…”
Oviv nods. “Tomorrow is another fairy session in Gem class. You are required to return to your sleeping suites. Please dress appropriately wearing your dresses and sequins.”
I stomp my boot towards Oviv nodding and smiling. I present my rock. “I wanna know the meaning of…”
Yachel drags my arm. “Let’s go! We gotta clean up and get dressed before Coronation class.”
I exhale marching with her towards the rear door. “How do you know all this stuff about Academy?”
She giggles. “The Academy and my mama!”

Third session. Coronation class. 10:03 am.
I slowly walk beside Yachel down the long hallway when a brisk cold wind tosses my hair from my neck. Apella screams, when I halt dropping my mouth. I gasp then exhale.
Yachel stops and studies Persia, saying. “What’s wrong? What happened?” she views Apella. Apella leans against the wall, sobbing and fingering the opposite wall. Yachel frowns with worry to Persia, saying. “What happened to you?”
I frown and shiver wrapping arms my body staring ahead down the hallway. “Do you not feel it? It was cold freezing air like a wintertime wind storm.”
“It was me,” a baritone voice says behind my skull.
Yachel swings to the object tossing both hands, yelling. “Yaw! Get away, spirit! Go back to your dark cave or bear den or parlor room.”
Spirit: tall; translucent skin, hair, body, long jacket, high-knee boots. The spirit smiles and chuckles. “I am not afraid of you, fairy. Boo! Boo! Go back to your suite, sweetie.” Britton rushes then crashes into the spirit, when It yells in fear. “Naw! Take your stinky stone from my inners.” Britton smirks swinging his neck clip chain with the rock back and forth into the ghostly body, when the spirit yells again. “Naw! Get away from me! It stings. The stone stings. Naw!” The spirit hollers and floats backwards from Britton.
The teens clap when Britton bows. He raises his neck clip chain holding the brown stone. “They’re not afraid of us but the rocks upset their electromagnetic field around the spirit. The plantation house is centuries old with more than one Captain Robert lurking in the dark shadows. Just swish your rock into their bad breathe then It retrieves for ya,” he nods, smiling then swings towards the hallway. He slams into my fluffy dress then scoots around me, whispering. “Sorry,” when I stop, smiling at his back muscles. He leads into the banquet room.
I lean into Yachel walking down the hallway. “He touched me. He likes me.”
Yachel frowns with puzzlement watching Britton strut. “Naw! The spirit hates your guts along with the other occupies of the Fairyland Princess and Prince Academy.”
“Not the spirit, Britton likes me. He touched my arm.” I giggle.
She giggles. “You were in the way of his victory, Persia. He leads us towards the banquet room for Coronation for his ceremony.”
“Naw! He touched me. He spoke to me.”
She frowns with puzzlement. “What’da he say?”
“Sorry…”
She giggles. “Uh, huh! That’s definitely a romantic gesture of teen likeness from the handsomely hunk of cuteness.”
“Who do you like?”
“I told ya in Fairy fart lore. I like Stad. He’s handsomely cuteness.”
“Britton is the hero saving us from the spirit.”
She views the ceiling, wall corners for more spirits and the flooring for the potholes. “There’re lots more spirits, darling hiding in every dark corner. They didn’t get along with us or them. As a matter of fact I don’t think any being or beast gets along with the same company-kind unless for some type of personal morbid pleasure or sad happiness.”
I frown with puzzlement scooting around the broken tiles in my heeled sandals.
Daffodil stands at the archway of the banquet room, smiling. “Welcome to Coronation class. I would like each fairy to sit in a chair along the wall, very quietly.”
I follow behind Yachel scanning the banquet room.
Each table is covered in a dull white fabric cloth. Some of the tablecloths have fringe tassels or long satin ribbons or pretty bowties or fancy lace or flower patterns or just solid white. Each tablecloth displays an assortment of tiaras. Some of the tiara spikes display one to five pointy shapes or one to five semi-circles. All the tiaras are made of silver diamonds.
I smile sitting next to Yachel.
Daffodil waltzes from the door standing in the aisle in her yellow ankle-length gown with sparkling yellow gem stone and tiara as her cape flutters from the breeze coming inside from the broken windows. She raises her palms showing off her glittering jewelry. It is a gem stone soldered onto a gold chain. The chain is entwined between her four fingers stretching the gem stone flat against her palm.
I see the advantage of such an object projecting her fairy powers through the stone from the inner palm of the hand. Mentor Ibbie uses a ring on her finger. Oviv wears a throat choker around her neck, without displaying her wave today. I ponder how to display my gem stone. My mama wears a long pendant covering her stone. My daddy uses it in a wrist watch like a piece of human jewelry.
Daffodil smiles. “The word coronation means crowning event of a princess or a prince. How convenience! We have ten fairy princesses and ten fairy princes celebrating a coronation, today. Our coronation is slightly different from a tradition one that you might have heard or read about during your academic studies. Your crowning will be based on a tiara or a halo. A fairy princess wears a tiara. A headband comprises diamonds in various sizes. A fairy prince wears a halo. The halo is a thin solid satin band with a set of tiny diamonds across the forehead, not more than two or five for drama. You have come from the cavern wearing your colored rock inside your new golden shell of a necklace or a neck clip chain. Very good, fairies! Your personality rock at a later time will be sculptured into your gem stone. The gem stone pushes your fairy powers from within towards outward. A witch has a broom. A wizard has a wand. A werewolf has fangs. An elf has a bow. A troll has an axe. A vampire has the night. A fairy has a gem stone.  For further analogy, a witch has a hat. An elf has a pair of pointy ears. A troll has an ugly pointy chin. And a vampire wears a pair of sunglasses,” giggles. “Therefore a fairy has a crown. You have discovered that your personality rock selected you inside the cave. The same principal applies with your head piece. The tiara or halo will select you. Each tiara is slightly made the same way with various numbered diamonds over a silver metal hair band. The height of the spike varies by each tiara. Therefore no tiara is alike. It is very precious and personal, just for you, fairy princess. Presently, the tiara is colored in silver in both the diamonds and the band. Based on your advancement of talents and academic studies here at the Academy the tiara will change its hue into your personality color. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the mentors. This is the purpose of you. Today, you are not to select or touch or pick up any other tiara, but yours. This is very important. You will slowly round each table hovering either or both palms over the spike formation of the tiara. When you and the tiara are a perfect match the tiara will glow with radiance up into the ceiling for all to see. A female and male will begin the selection pattern at the same time. This is not a race or a competition. You may take as much time as needed. Once the first pair has cleared the first table then the second pair of female and male will follow the same foot path. I will start the coronation ceremony with the pair in the far corners. Master Britton and Miss Zann, please examine the first table.”
I sit bouncing my sandals with excitement.
Zann slowly stands then circles the first table holding her palm over each tiara waiting for two seconds for some shiny glory. She completes the first table without success then moves to the second table.
Britton whips his hand over each halo advancing to the third table already when I see a vertical light hit the ceiling. He tosses his arms then hovers his palm over beaming halo. He fingers the halo chuckling. “Yee-haw! I have a halo, ya’ll. Do I wear this one, Mentor Daffodil?”
Yachel whispers to me. “Daffodilly’s more excited than Britton.”
I whisper. “Hush, Yachel,” giggling and watching.
Daffodil giggles swinging to us, smiling. “Yes. I forget the best part, crowning your self since I am not allowed to touch your tiara or halo,” turns to him. She nods. Britton nods to her, when Zann glides her hand over the tiara. Daffodil frowns with puzzlement, saying. “Miss Zann, you got a spark from that tiara.”
Zann frowns at her then views the table. She glides her hand over the same table of tiara then stops. “I feel some slight heat.”
Daffodil nods, smiling. “The tiara is your personal head piece. Touch it!”
Zann touches it smiling then lifts it admiring the beauty. The tiara has three semi-circle spikes rising from the headband. The semi-circle contains nine individual diamonds. “Pretty.” She places it in the middle of her hair roots swishing the metal between the hair strands. She poses, smiles then screams. “Heat! It’s hot. It’s getting heater,” grabs her face then her scalp and finally touches the tiara. She yells. “The tiara’s hot. It’s melting into my hair. My brain’s on fire. Ah! Stop it! Take it off!” She kneecaps to the floor holding her head, sobbing and crying with pain.
Daffodil swings to us, smiling. “You are a fairy. A fairy is symbolized by a tiara. The tiara selects you. Therefore the tiara cannot ever be removed by you or anyone else. The tiara and Zann are morphing into one fairy so the tiara is slightly heated soldering into her skull bones. Is that a problem?” she smiles and swings to Zann.
I gasp watching Zann sway back and forth on her knees on the floor. She hugs her head sobbing. I view Yachel who stares at Zann’s painful performance.
Zann exhales halting her movement then stands. She exhales faking a smile between the dripping blood from her skull, tossing her arm. The other hand probes the tiara soldered into her hair. “I…survived the hotness thingy. I…am fine, ya’ll. I think…”
Daffodil claps, alone without the stunned teens. “Miss Zann, please find a seat along the opposite wall while waiting for the other fairy princes and princesses,” views the kids, winking. “Then we will take a pretty group photography of the fifth class after the coronation ceremony.” She studies Britton. “Master Britton, please crown thy self a fairy prince.”
Kuelle stands and fingers her skull. “It never comes off! I can’t believe this. That tiara is not removed from my curls. I don’t understand. How am I supposed to get my beauty sleep with a pointy object on my head at night?”
Walcott smiles and stands fingering Kuelle then his nose. “The same way ya sleep with that pointy aristocrat nose on your ugly face, tart,” laughs with the teens.
Daffodil smiles and views Kuelle, nodding. “Master Walcott is very uncouth with his social graces but also very accurate. You sleep with several protruded body parts as a fairy you have added a new one,” giggles then swings watching Zann in pain. The teens burst into laughter finger pointing at their protruded body parts.
Britton laughs and studies the halo with four diamonds. He frowns studying the teens and then the halo. He swallows with nervousness slowly reaching for the halo in silence. The room is quiet as the teens watch. I grab Yachel’s hand squeezing in anticipation of his pain. He grabs the halo with both hands then slowly lifts it over his skull. He views the wall slowly lowering onto his blonde hair. I gasp when Britton releases the halo. He exhales then screams. “Ah!” Britton drops to the floor holding his cheekbones. “Hot. Heat. Hotter. Heated…,” swaying side to side, screaming. “Get it off! Ah! Hot. Pain.” He probes the halo as it solders into his forehead. He grits his teeth swaying side to side, yelling then stops. He exhales and wipes his face then wobbles upright. He slowly swings around facing the teens. He exhales touching his forehead. The forehead is red and bleeding when he fingers the halo, grinning. “Not bad! I had worser. Yee-haw, ya’ll!” The teens cheer and clap for Britton.
Daffodil swings to the teens smiling and nodding. “Miss Apella and Master Molfalso stand and find your head piece.”
Apella stands strutting to the table. “Ya’ll are such wussie babies. A fairy endures more than a few sweat drops from her high brow becoming a princess. This is the easy part,” scoots around the table holding her hand for less than a second, not feeling any heat. She moves to the second table.
Molfalso: tall, olive skin, light brown shoulder length hair, light brown cat whiskers, hazel eyes, athletic. He slowly advances to the first table studying each halo. He hovers a palm over each halo waiting for the blaze of glory. He slowly circles the first table.
Apella circles the fourth table then stops. She whispers. “Beautiful,” views Daffodil, fingering the tiara. “This one has zillions of diamonds. Diamonds, ya know are very valuable in the human world. Diamonds are worth zillions of dollars. I like this one. I want this one.”
Daffodil frowns with puzzlement. “Miss Apella, the tiara picks you. You do not pick the tiara. And dollars are used in the human world, not in Fairyland. Please continue to the next table.”
Apella frowns at Daffodil, fingering the tiara. “I like this one. It contains the most diamonds then any other tiaras,” scans the remaining tables. She snatches the tiara raising it over her skull then screams. “Ah! No. It’s eating me. It’s eating my hand…,” flings her hand side to side. The tiara has turned into silver goo crawling over her fingernails then her knuckles, and then her wrist bone.
Daffodil exhales frowning with annoyance, stomping to Apella. “I specifically instructed you not to touch any tiara that does not shine its glow towards the ceiling. That tiara is not for you, Miss Apella.”
Apella runs in circles flinging her arm as the tiara goo grows over her wrist up to the elbow. “Get it off, now! Make it stop! It stings like a bee. Ah! Help me, mama! I want my mama…”
Daffodil halts in front of Apella raising her palm stone, when a yellow wave hits the tiara goo. The goo stops growing on her arm then falls as a lump onto the floor. The goo slowly morphs back into the original design of the tiara. She frowns at Apella, shaking her curls. “You’re fine, child! Please continue to the next table seeking your tiara. Do not touch another one unless it emits a glowing beam. Do you understand me, Miss Apella?” Daffodil shines her pale yellow wave lifting the tiara back onto the table in the proper space, not being able to touch it either.
“Yes, ma’am!” Apella cuddles her hand then studies her limb. She rubs it seeing no red wound marks or black bruising. She advances to the next table using her other hand hovering over each tiaras.
Daffodil walks to the wall with the teens nodding. “This is a good example of not following a mentor’s order and messing with the wrong element. Tiaras are living things. They know their mistresses. This is a good example of using my gem stone to divert a disaster since I cannot touch the tiara, either. Therefore I used my fairy power to restore the tiara to the original condition then lifted it back in place. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of the gem stone. This is the purpose of you,” smiles then swings to the tables.
Molfalso stops at the second table then views Daffodil. “I thought it twinkled,” hovering over the halo.
Daffodil hums with a frown moving closer to the table. “Yes. The halo twinkled. It should zoom to the ceiling. I see what you are doing wrong. Please hold your palm over the halo,” when the light twinkles. “Please lower your palm closer over the halo,” when the glow beams into the ceiling. Molfalso smiles with surprise then frowns with fear. He views the male teens along the wall.
“Go on and touch it!” Stad stands and motions laughing. “We all gotta get one then touch it. Feel the pain, bro!” He chuckles with the other teens.
Molfalso frowns with annoyance then exhales. He snatches the halo with one hand then lifts it into the air. He slowly lifts it over his forehead closing his eyelids when the room goes silence. The halo falls over his hair and forehead skin when he exhales then hollers. “Heated. Hot. Ah! I feel pain in my head,” leans into the table then uprights his sweaty and bloody face. He smiles. “Cold. Now I feel cold instead of a heat. Cool!” he grins nodding. The halo has fused around his forehead with both red blood and silver diamonds glittering in the sunlight. He bows and smiles, when the teens clap and cheer.
Apella exhales studying the glow beam to the ceiling from her tiara. The tiara is puny made with one point spike from the headband. The one spike is filled with diamonds going around the metal looking sorry and sad compared to the bigger prettier tiara spikes. She snatches it from the tablecloth dropping onto her hair roots, closing her eyelashes. She grits her teeth feeling the heat, without screaming. She drops to the floor holding and wrinkling her dress. The heat makes her face and hands sweat with pain and fear. “Ugh!” she yells from the pain and heat. “I am a fairy princess,” she yells into the room then the heat stops. The tiara is cold on her scalp. She opens her sweaty eyelashes with blood draining down her left eye socket and cheekbone. She wobbles then slowly stands smiling at Daffodil. She slowly curtseys at her kneecaps holding her breath and gritting her teeth to the other teens. They clap and cheer with joy of her success. Apella leans onto the table then slowly pirouettes towards the wall walking slowly. She finally sits on the opposite end of Zann beside Britton. She blinks and winks the blood at Britton, giggling and touching her tiara.
He studies the other princes, ignoring Apella and wiping the blood from his face, too.
Daffodil swings to the teens nodding. “Miss Yachel and Master Gable, please circle the tables finding your head piece.”
Gable gallops to the first table studying the halos, without hovering a palm. He raises his neck clip chain with the raw personality rock swinging it over the first halo. “If I hover my rock over the halo that I like the bestest of them all then can I have it on my head, instead?”
Daffodil exhales frowning with annoyance at him. “Master Gable, that is an excellent idea,” when he smiles. She shakes her curls. “However you cannot control your fairy power at this point being only thirteen years young. At the age of seventeen you will possess powerful talents from that moment in your future time, so based on all this shared information, please find your halo.” Gable nods scooting around the table.
Yachel is circling the third table then halts. She waves her hand over the tiara. “I thought it sparked,” waving it, again. I frown with puzzlement at her tiara, not glowing up to the ceiling.
Daffodil advances studying the tiara. “No child! Please keep moving around the tiaras.”
Yachel exhales encircling the table, not feeling any heat then ventures to the fourth table. She slowly hovers her hand over each tiara then stops. She smiles, whispering. “Zillions of diamonds,” wiggles her hand over the tiara. “A spark! I see a spark. This is the one tiara for me,” lowers her hand near the tip of the middle spike of a single great big diamond when the glow beams into the ceiling. She hovers her palm smiling and nodding. I clap and giggle with the other teens. Yachel touches the spikes lifting the tiara then exhales. She places it over her hair roots closing her eyelashes breathing deeply. She frowns with pain feeling the slight heat then more heat and then quickly coolness. She tosses her arms dancing side to side, smiling with joy. “I did it. I got my fairy tiara,” swirls to the wall, sitting next to Zann.
Gable snatches the halo placing it over his hair roots then screams in pain. “Hot. Hotness. Hottiness. Ouch! Ow!” He kneecaps to the floor holding his face yelling in pain. “O! Ouch! O boy!” He pants viewing the rotten wood on the floor, exhaling. He wobbles then stands wiping his sweaty hands onto his jeans. “I survived the hottiness, guys not to, too, toot bad…”
Stad yells. “Get off the floor, Gabbie!” Gable flings his fingers at Stad laughing then spinning to the wall. He sits between Britton and Molfalso.
Daffodil smiles at me as I swallow with fear. I slowly stand viewing the first table of tiara. There are three circles containing different sizes and shapes of fairy crowns an outer circle, an inner circle, and two single tiaras inside the middle circle. I exhale hovering my hand five inches above the first tiara. The tiara is tiny with a single row of semi-circle diamonds, not heating my hand. I shift to the second tiara grand and tall with one single pointy spike of thick diamonds, not heating my hand. I shuffle to the third tiara with a long headband filled with three semi-circles of diamonds, not heating my hand. I scoot to the fourth tiara with five separate pointy spikes covering from end to end of the headband, when my hand heats. The glow of light beams completely through my hand then up into the ceiling. I study the ceiling, smiling then study the tiara. It glows. I grab the pointy spikes feeling the sharpness cut into my skin like a tickle. I exhale lifting the tiara with my single hand then hold it with two hands, admiring it. The five points are filled with thinly spaced diamonds twinkling from the sunlight. I raise the tiara over my skull viewing Yachel in the far distance. She smiles and motions me with encouragement.
I exhale slowly placing the tiara on my hair roots.
The tiara band is smooth silver metal without combs or sharp ends points. The band falls onto my hair burying into my scalp as I feel pain then heat from the drilling of thick head skin and hard skull bone. I scream. “Ah!” I lean towards the wall sliding down to the floor. The band eats into my head skin and hard skull bone drilling deeper into my brain matter creating a buzzing sound between my ears. I feel heat emerge from my bone and scalp skin down to the top of my earlobes. I scream in pain. “Ah!” I hold my fiery cheekbones of fire with my cool hands feeling the band burrow deeper into the skull bone anchoring the metal. “I…,” feel the smoothness of stone from the single row of diamonds along the bottom tier of the tiara. “Pain. Make it stop,” then the pain stops. The heat immediately changes into coolness. I exhale gritting my teeth and clutching my hands. I wobble to stand breathing in and out with relieved pain and fear. I view Yachel. She stands, clapping. I exhale swinging to the other teens then fake a smile. I wave like a fairy princess, without words since my tongue bite of blood bleeds over my teeth. I nod, swallowing the blood then swing to the aisle. The teens clap and cheer as I slowly walk to my throne princess chair.

Fourth session. Teacup class. 11:05 am.
The square room contains miles of pretty floral wall of paper, where it hasn’t peeled from the dried yellow colored glue between the three walls of windows. I sit in a broken dining-room chair where one of the legs is shorter than the other three. My chair tilts sideways then uprights when I shift my fanny side to side in the uncomfortable hard chair with a thin veil of fabric. I wear my pink itchy formal tea length dress and my new tiara with some dry itchy blood clots on my scalp.
A bathe will do wonders, tonight.
I sit inside one of two squared-shaped eating tables next to Yachel and the other females. The males are behind us inside the two parallel tables.
 Male: short, king-sized, pale skin, bald, blue eyes. He smiles sitting in a dining-room chair next to a small table covered in a blue and white tablecloth. The tablecloth is patched with black swatches of fabric from tears and rips. The dining-room chair shows different shadings of walnut wood from the same long time rubbing pose of the elderly mentor’s body parts. On the small table a black teakettle heats over a fire of burning red and orange coals. Behind the teakettle is a non-matching china bone sugar bowl of orange and green and a non-matching pink and white creamer jug. A set of non-matching solid colored cloth napkins of orange, red, white, and beige are horizontal displayed inside a napkin holder. He raises his china bone teacup of turquoise and black and the non-matching china bone saucer of yellow and red. He stirs the spoon of tea. “This is Teacup class. I am Mentor Faddey…”
Britton sours. “Tea and teacups, I ain’t no grandma.”
Gable smiles nodding. “Tea is a good for ya…,” when you hear a slap.
Stad chuckles and slams his fist into the boy’s chest. “Thanks for sharing, Gabbie!”
Zann fingers the object. “Your table’s on fire, sir!”
Yachel whispers to me. “Fairy magic!”
Apella flings her hand, smirking at Zann. “It’s fairy magic, tart!”
Faddey chuckles at the amusing young fairy princes and princesses. “Excellent, Miss Apella! Alas, we do not award any points or grades for good credits. The ritual of tea drinking was established by recorded history in the year 2737 BC. And I am not that old, either,” giggles. “The first country was China thus the name china teacups,” giggles. “Then the tea, the teacups, and the tea drinking was imported into Europe and beyond and finally over into Fairyland. A teacup is a cup with or without a handle. It is grasped with the thumb and two fingers. Please survey the far corners. Girls look left. Boys look right. You will see a high vertical pile of china bone teacups without the saucer in various colored patterns. A fairy princess teacup has a handle. A fairy prince teacup is actually a tea bowl without the handle. Please scoot about retrieving a teacup from the appropriate pile. You may pick any style of color or pattern then return to your seat,” when a single tea bowl lifts from the top of the pile. The tea bowl flies towards the table as Gable rubs his personality rock, grinning. The tea bowl lands in front of his chest. Faddey nods, smiling. “Good job, Master Gable! You’re a special talented fairy prince. Would any other fairy engage the moment for a second demonstration of flight?” The room is quiet. He nods, “Yes, maybe another time! Please stand and walk to the appropriate corner,” when the chairs scoot from the table.
I stand walking towards the huddle of girls waiting my turn. I study each teacup. The teacups are piled on top of each other showing handlers or bottoms of the cup or the tip end of a sliver teaspoon sticking out from the center. Yachel says behind her. “Grab any old teacup, Apella.”
Apella stands in the middle of the pile studying the teacups. She blocks the majority of the teacup pile from other wandering girly hands. “I wanna get a pretty one and do a good job with my fairy purpose for the day.” Yachel reaches around her snatching a teacup in the middle of the pile when the pile falls forwards onto Apella naked toes inside her heeled sandals. Apella yelps back stepping as the teacups spill then expand over the tile.
Faddy says. “Fairy magic keeps the teacups from bursting into millions of china bone pieces but I would like for all princesses to practice being gracious.” Yachel laughs walking back to her assigned chair.
I frown with disappointment in my long time friend for the childish stunt.
Apella selects a teacup with the other girls then swings from the pile.
I exhale studying the teacups of various colors and patterns each with a tip end of a spoon hidden inside the center of gray cement. I pick a pretty pink, purple, and white floral pattern matching my magenta rock, sorta. I scoot back to my chair then sit the teacup in front of pink and red blood splattered dress staring at the tarnished spoon, once brightly silver.
Faddy studies the students stirring his tea. “Your teacup or tea bowl is the same dimensions in height and depth, of course without the handle. Your teacup is exactly like your neighbors and your neighbor’s teacup is exactly like yours. Your teacup displays an embedded teaspoon which is exactly the same depth as your neighbor’s and your neighbor’s teaspoon is exactly like yours. Your teacup holds one and one-half ounces of dried mud. The gray mud has fossilized its natural earth mineral around a vertical silver teaspoon. You are seeing the vertical end tip. Each teaspoon’s tip design is different from your neighbor’s but the same height and depth of your neighbor’s. Your purpose is to un-fossilize or remove or retrieve the teaspoon from the teacup using your fairy magic,” when the students moan.
Gable cheers and claps. “Yee-haw! This is an easy purpose.”
Faddy smiles and raises his palm, nodding. “Once you have successfully un-fossilized the mud the spoon will be easier retrieved, without damage. The spoon cannot be broken or bent or cut or sliced or sawed or damaged in any fairy format, being enchanted with my fairy spell,” chuckles. “This purpose of Teacup class is to un-fossilize the ugly gray mud making it soft enough to remove the spoon. I remembered being a lower fifth classmen, too. The task is great indeed. You are new with your fairy powers. This is your purpose in Teacup class. Once you have successfully retrieved the teacup then you have successfully passed the class. Your attendance is no longer required for the rest of the academic days,” when the students cheer then quiet. Faddy smirks. “I would like to give you some fairy hints. You can touch the teacup with your hands trying to un-fossilize the spoon. You can swing your personality rock over the teacup trying to un-fossilize the spoon. You cannot hover your fingers over or around the teacup without touching while trying to un-fossilize the spoon. You can blow or spit or scratch on the mud or spoon or teacup trying to un-fossilize the spoon. Or you may create your own imaginative method trying to un-fossilize the spoon with fire, ice, wind, rain, hail, sky, sun, moon or beast. You cannot harm the teacup or me,” chuckles. “You may begin,” sips his tea, watching.
I surround the cold teacup with my hands searing my mental thoughts into the object. I will the mud to crack open. Nothing. I will the spoon to fly in the air. Nothing.
The teacup bursts into four parts as the teacup-shaded mud lies on top of the desk still clinking to its spoon. Gable screams. “Ah, naw! Mentor Faddy, I’m really sorry…”
“There are plenty of tea bowls. Please retrieve another one, child!” Faddy nods studying the students.
Gable rubs his rock when a new tea bowl floats to him. He swings the rock over the teacup, again.
I frown with puzzlement watching Gable, his teacup, and his rock. My magenta rock has been webbed into a gold chain hanging around my neck down to my navel. I exhale copycatting Gable. I hold the magenta rock feeling some slight heat then swing it back and forth in gently waves over the mud and the spoon. Nothing. I frown with disappointment then lean into Yachel. She has copycatted Gable and me swinging her rock over the spoon. Her results are the same as mine. I exhale. “I got dressed up for this. I am here for this.”
“I am a fairy,” giggles Yachel staring her teacup.
“I am not a fairy,” whispering for my ears, only.
Faddy smiles sitting and stirring his tea. “Time has expired. Please leave your teacup or tea bowls on the table. Teacup class is only for the lowly fifth class, since the older fairies have successfully passed. We will hold class tomorrow, same time and same chair. You do not need to disturb your teacup. It will remain stable until you arrive here, tomorrow. Your purpose from today until the end of the academic days is to un-fossilize the spoon. Good day, students! Good bye until tomorrow afternoon.”

Fifth session. Enchantment class. 1:02 pm.
The long rectangular room has four smooth plastic white walls similar to the room where I learn Fairy Lore with Mentor Ibbie. There are tall white plastic tables with two plastic non-padded tall stools. I plop into the table near the wall dangling my heels over air, when Yachel slides beside me inside the second stool. The table is a round surface with a deep hole in the middle. Each side of the hole there are two small pockets for the colored personality rock.
Female: tall, red hair, pink skin, blue eyes. She stands in front of the white wall nodding and smiling. “Good morning, students. You have entered the Enchantment class. I am Mistress Kaapo. A charm is a spell with your vocal annotation of the proper words plus the physical properties of the gem stone. Some magical cultures around the world use talismans, rabbit feet, toad sweat, balms, and amulets.
“Toad sweat!?” Gable laughs. “That’s a new element to me.”
Molfalso laughs. “To ya ‘cuz your stinky feet smell like toad sweat, toadstool.”
Kaapo raises her bracelet even with her chin scanning the amber wave gently over the right hand of each student. She says. “Plantamur warto.”
Apella screams along with the other females including me. I view my hand frowning with confusion. Apella fingers her hand. “I got warts. My hand’s covered in ugly green big plump fat warts.”
“Mentor Kaapo, I’m impressed with your fairy magic. Please remove my warts.” Kuelle wiggles her hand, not smiling.
Kaapo smiles nodding. “Good. I have your attention for today’s session and the warts are part of your session. Please place your colored rock into the pocket slot. The rock is in rough form fitting easier into one of the individual pouches at your table. It will access the reading material needed to remove your warts by copying my reading material from my gem stone into your rock. The rock is more than a pretty object. It is a communication devise for learning, speaking, recording, and listening, if need be,” waves her hand. The reader-table projects a page of words and sentences along the flooring, ceiling, and the four walls.
Gable scoots out of his chair back stepping from the reader-table, standing in the aisle. He nods, smiling. “I know what to do for completely removing the unsightly ugly warts. This is similar to the fairy tale when the evil witch turns the handsome prince into the ugly toad the girl kisses him. The toad returns back into the handsome prince,” shoves his hand near Zann. She frowns and back steps from him, shaking her curls. He chuckles. “Well, okay! I gotta be both the prince and princess…”
Kaapo stomps forward shaking her curls. “Do not kiss your hand, Master Ga…”
Gable kisses his right hand then views the class, smiling and nodding. The teens laugh. He wears a fresh set of ugly brown warts around his mouth and lips. He gently touches his mouth parting his lips, speaking in slurry words. “Th…woo…o…lp…”
Kaapo nods. “Yes! You have done any excellent job of spreading your warts over your lips, without my assistance. Can you figure out how to remove the warts on both your hand and lips, Master Gable?” Gable touches his face feeling the swelling of his lips over the face. The mentor exhales stomping to Gable. “Let’s go, child! I need some medical help removing the warts from your mouth,” she guides Kaapo towards the door. “Please read the entire first chapter of the displayed inside the Enchantment book starting with the first page which appears on your reader-table. You may skip forward at any time but you will not find the answers to the charm. The instructions will clearly explain how to cast a charm to remove the ugly green warts on your right hand. Or you and the warts will be enjoying your evening meal, warm bath, and deep slumber together. I will return shorter once Master Gable is normal, again. Then we will continue with your very important enchantment charm for the day,” they exit the room.
Yachel giggles studying the reader-table. “Okay. One of the proper words is warto meaning warts.” I nod. She views the reader-table.  “So what’s the other word?”
I frown with confusion at the tray not reading the text. “How’da ya know that there are only two words?”
Yachel giggles fingering the page on the reader-table. “A fairy charm contains two words. The first word is the action verb. The second word is the proper noun of the action such like remove warts.”
“O!”
She reads. “There are two many combinations of the verb-noun structure. A fairy can use any proper combination from the vast reference listing in the rear of the page for achieving the good or bad effect of the enchantment. Yachel rubs her hand over the rock flipping the pages forward. She studies the list on the reader-table, saying. “Removiate warto.”
I flip the pages like Yachel, stopping. I wave my rock over the hand. “Remotis warto.”
“Avectummy warto.” Yachel giggles, not seeing her warts gone.
I feel two biceps wrap around my arms. The wart-less hand holds a brown rock over my right hand of warts when his sweet breath heats my earlobe. “Avectard warto,” says Britton. I giggle. Yachel drops her mouth viewing him then me. I wink at her, smiling then see my warts disappear. He sweet breathes. “All gone, then!”
“All better, now! Thank you!” I grin.
“You’re welcome,” he sweet breathes into my ear when I giggle. He back steps from me leaving my body chilled with the breeze.
Kaapo enters the doorway, yelling. “Are your warts removed? If not, please shout out the charm for your neighbors. Ya know help your neighbor or something like that,” stands in front of the wall. The students mumble the words when their warts disappear as Gable enters the room, smiling and bouncing towards his table. He fist-bumps with Britton, chuckling. She clears her throat. “A charm cannot cast a spell for a fairy to rob or cheat, to feel hate or happiness, to have luck or health, to provide love or marry or protection from another fairy. A fairy is born hardy, healthy, and happy staying this way for many, many decades until your death. A fairy is mortal, not a god or a witch or a vampire or a werewolf. A fairy does not become sick from a virus or ill from a disease. A fairy cannot turn another fairy into a toady frog or grant a perfect wish like a jinn. Most importantly, a charm sent from a fairy could be re-casted right back at ya, darling to a charmer fairy from an unhappy charmee unless the charmee vanished the wicked spell through her or his fairy magic,” when the hand rises. “Miss Apella?”
Apella giggles. “Are you saying that your wart charm could have been returned back to you then you would have been covered with the ugly green warts all over your right hand, instead of me?”
Kaapo nods, grinning. “Excellent analogy and question in one. You can send any charm right back to the tossing fairy. Beware! The tossing fairy might be equal or more than your sorry powers then ya got yourself a fairy war. Lots of fairy battles start this way and then end up sometimes covered in a fresh pile of thick rose petals,” giggles. “Each session I will assign a simple enchantment charm for your daily exercise which you must solve before working on your enchantment purpose. The main purpose of Enchantment class and your class time is sculpturing your rock into a gem stone,” when the students gasp. She nods and smiles waving her hand over the amber stone. The book disappears on the reader-table, the walls, the ceiling, and the floor. “I am going to provide you the proper verb-noun combination for the proper slicing. The words are sculpares gemimi. Stop! Do not repeat. We must set up the preparation arena. I have cleared the reader-table of the reading material which you should study, tonight. Please remove your rock from the pocket sitting it in front of you. Do not touch it, yet. The first very important rule, your fairy magic and your colored rock are one. The rock must touch a body part at all times for your power to flow from within to outward. With that information searing on your brain, you must hold or touch the rock with sculpturing,” when the students moan. She tosses her hands, nodding. “Yes. I know. I had to do it, too. I had to touch my colored rock during the sculpture process into creating my gem stone many years, ago. To accommodate the requirement of touch there is a mini-stand hidden in the middle of the hole inside each table. You can use the mini-stand stacking your rock on the pedestal then start your sculpturing. Or you can hold the rock on the tips of your finger pads and sculpture the rock that way. Let us set up our stance using either method.” I wave the rock over the hole when the mini-stand rises from the opening. I grab and place the mini-stand in front of my chest laying my rock on top. Kaapo monitors the students. “Good! Place the rock on the stand cup one hand or both hands hiding the color from your eyes. Or you can hold the rock on the tips of your finger pads using your hand acting as a pedestal. I see a variety of presentations. Good! Stroke your hand over a small segment of the rock up and down like slicing off the extra stone into a traditional diamond cut. After the final shaping of the rock the gem will look similar to a brilliant cut diamond varied slightly in different sizes and shapes depending upon the personal fairy sculpture. Get ready, stroke, and speak: sculpares gemimi.”
I hover both palms over the bumpy rock, slightly touching the top and edges. I slowly sweep both palms downward over the rough points of the rock, whispering. “Sculpares gemimi,” then feel pain. I jerk my hands from the rock, seeing. Red blood splatters from the tiny sharp fragments of rock has embedded into my tender palms. I hiss exhaling and flinging my hands from the pain as the rock fragments eject then dissolve into the air.
Individual colored rocks hit the wall, the floor, the table and other students along with moans and groans from their throats.
Eadric: male, tall, king-sized, brown hair, pale skin, green eyes. He whips his hand from the rock. “Ouch! It bit me.”
Kuelle: female, petite, strawberry blonde hair, peach skin, golden eyes. She gasps. “It stings.”
Nabell: female, tall, athletic, black hair, dark skin, hazel eyes. She yells shaking her curls and hands. “Naw! It slices into the flesh. This thing’s alive.”
Gable grins and nods, shaking his skull and hands. “A fairy stone is alive.”
Kaapo nods smiling. “No pain, no gain!”
Apella exhales frowning with sadness. “That’s not nice, Mentor Kaapo. My palm’s cut and bleeding over my hand, my rock, my table, my floor,” tenderly probing her wounds.
I cuddle my hands with burns, cuts, and throbbing pain then see. The highest edge of the rock has been slightly smoothed into a rounded curve from my palm stroking. I exhale studying Yachel.
She pampers her cut hands into her chest, sneering at her rock.
Kaapo clears her throat. “I can read your minds. There is no metal instrument or tool to cut the rock. You and the rock are two living things existing separately. Your purpose is to exist together. This is the togetherness process.”
Apella nods fingering her rock. “Mentor Kaapo, the togetherness process is going to take a very long time to sculpt my gem stone.”
Kaapo nods. “Yes, Miss Apella. Your answer is both correct and valid. This process will take a very long time, maybe the rest of the academic days. I am going to take a coffee break while you work on your gem stone,” exits the room.
I exhale watching the door close then view the rock. I rub my hands feeling the healing heat from my inner survival power. Fairies heal fast. I view my palms slightly pink with numerous tiny healed wounds. I view the rock then view Yachel.
She pampers her palms, sobbing with tears and cuts.
I exhale positioning my palms around the rock barely touching the smooth edges for another of sculpturing. I must touch the rock for my inner power to curve the gem stone. I feel his biceps around my arms.
He lifts my hands, saying. “Don’t use the mini-stand. You’ll burn your palms, again. Hold the rock on the finger tips of your left hand,” he curls his fingertips then perches my rock on the top. “Use your right hand slowly stroking and smoothing each side over and over, without ever touching the pointy rock edges then the sliced shavings won’t cut into your skin.”
I gently grab my rock then swing to him, smiling. Britton winks, grinning. I say. “Thank you. How’da ya know?”
“She told us there were two ways to sculpt the gem stone. My daddy told me to use my fingers. I didn’t really understand his encrypted message until I tried the first way cutting my palms, too,” raises his palms with pink healing wounds, too. I giggle. He says. “I thought you might want to share my new secret with me,” winks.
I giggle. “I wanna share some of my secrets with ya too, Master Britton,” winking. He chuckles.
Kaapo stands in the archway, shouting. “Time is up. Please take your rock with you. You possess the charm and the rock. You can continue sculpturing inside your sleeping suite, this evening. Dismissed, fairies!”
Britton back steps then bows to me when I giggle. He spins trotting towards his table. I swing to Yachel. She slides the necklace over her neck, frowning in pain. I grab her hand, seeing the red cuts. “Heal thyself, Yachel.”
She rubs her hands applying her inner powers. “I held the rock inside my palm stroking with the other. My cuts are deep from the burn,” we walk out the door.
I grab her hand smothering between my hands, stopping. I close my eyelashes pressing my hands into her wounds. I feel the burn then the wound and finally the coolness. I smile opening my eyelashes lifting my top hand. “All healed. Do ya feel better?”
Yachel nods studying her hands. She whispers. “Thanks!”
I giggle and grab her arm, smiling. “We friends and fairies, always,” following the other students.

Sixth session. Flute class. 2:01 pm.
I prance into the room, stopping and hearing. Drum rolls. Flute toots. Violin strings ping. Banjo notes twangs. Trombone bongs. I smile scanning the musical instruments in every corner of the room including pianos, guitars, drums, trumpets, clarinets, trombones, saxophones, banjos, and others instruments. The students are playing on a different musical instrument creating loud annoying musical sounds.
Male: tall, slender, brown ponytail, brown cat whiskers, green eyes. He stands waving his arms on top of a platform in the center of the room. “Fairies! Please find a chair and leave the musical instrument. I wanna get started. We have lots of information to cover. Please sit!” The center of the room holds rows of single metal chairs, without musical stands for holding the music paper. Yachel sits on the edge of row number three. I scoot beside her. He smiles, nodding. “I am Mentor Sondson. This is Flute class.”
Gables frowns with confusion. “This is Music class...”
Sondson smiles and shakes his ponytail. “This is Flute class. I would like every student to remain seated. I am going to issue your flute.”
Stad frowns with confusion. “Mentor Sondson, I can play the banjo, piano, and guitar. I can’t play a flute. I don’t wanna play a flute. I don’t wanna touch a flute,” sniggers with Molfalso.
Hadwin chuckles. “We don’t play music. We partake of the warm bread and soft butter,” fist-bumping with Britton.
Sondson wiggles his earring as his sky blue wave hits the closet door. The door opens. The wave enters the closet then emerges. The wave carries a stack of silver objects. The wave approaches the first row of chairs. “Please select a flute from the pile. All the flutes are the same in size and dimension. Please sit quietly holding your flute until I have given out all the instruments.”
Apella sits in the second chair of the first row grabbing the flute as the sky blue wave floats down each row.
I grab the object studying the instrument, a silver-colored thin hallow cylinder with eight holes on top of the metal and smooth underneath the belly. The holes are rough to the touch and rusty with red color to my eyeballs. The mouth piece is oval shaped hole.
Yachel exhales twirling her flute side to side in the air before her face. “Why in Fairyland are flute lessons important? I can’t play a musical instrument. I can’t sing or dance or tap out a beat with two left high heeled sandals. But I can look pretty,” giggles and twirls the flute.
The wave vanishes when Sondson smiles at the students. “Today, you will learn your first flute lesson. A flute is tiny horizontal cylinder-shaped musical instrument compared to a long big trombone or a rounded drum. The flute is played by blowing air across the oval shaped hole in the mouth piece and holding your finger pads over the holes. The flute hums with the higher sound pitch of any other musical instrument. This is the purpose of Flute class. Our first song will consist of the musical notes C, D, E, and B. There are four notes. I would like for us to sing the four notes in unison first, before trying to play the flute.”
“I can’t play this thing.” Stad frowns with annoyance at the flute inside his lap, without touching it.
He smiles and waves his arm. “Please sing after me the musical note of C. Cee...,” sings in c-chord. Sondson raises his hands holding the flute. The students sing in c-chord. He nods smiling. “Good! Please sing the musical note of D. Dee...,” when the students sing in d-chord. He sings. “Eee...,” when the students sing. He sings, “Bee,” when the students sing the b-chord. He nods. “Good!” He places the flute at his mouth positioning the fingers, saying. “The first finger position for the c-chord uses both the index and middle fingers covering the first, second, fifth, and sixth holes. Let’s try that note,” he plays the sweet c-chord.”
I position my fingers on the first, second, fifth and sixth holes then bring the mouth piece to my lips. I blow really hard feeling it squeal then whine in a sour c-chord. I giggle then try it again.
Yachel frowns with annoyance at my sorry flute playing while twirling her flute side to side, without bothering to practice.
Sondson says. “Pretty good! For the d-chord I position my fingers covering the first, second, third, fifth, sixth, and seventh holes on the flute then blow,” playing a sweet d-chord.
I copy his finger movements then giggle. I place the flute to my lips then blow hearing more squeals. I giggle.
Yachel twirls her flute in defiance of the lesson.
Sondson says. “Not pretty good! The finger position for the e-chord is covering all the holes with your eight fingers, no thumbs required. Let’s try that note,” he plays the sweet e-chord.
I cover the holes squealing the flute then giggle.
Yachel frowns with annoyance at me holding the flute in her lap.
Sondson smiles. “Pretty awful! The last musical note is b-chord. The finger position for the b-chord only uses both index fingers covering the first hole and the fifth hole. Let’s try that note,” he plays the sweet e-chord.”
I position both index fingers over the holes blowing across the hole playing sweet b-chord. I giggle viewing Yachel. She stares at the flute. I smile. “I hit the b-note, pretty well.”
Sondson waves his arms holding the flute. “Before we try the four notes together I would like to introduce my best flute player. Lugina is first class, seventeen years old. Come on stage, Lugina,” when the students turn towards the archway in the rear of the room.
Lugina: tall, slender, long red hair, pink skin, violet eyes. She walks in an ankle-length formal gown of peach-coloring cut up the sides exposing her naked ankles up towards her naked upper thigh muscles when the males whistle. Sondson blasts his sky blue wave at their flutes lifting them into the air. The males stand stretching, not reaching their individual instrument. Lugina wears a cropped top matching in peach exposed inside her peach-colored cape. The cape drapes down from her naked shoulders tied a belt of peach-gem stones. Her ears glitter in peach gem stones for each lobe. Her tiara is tinted in peach-colored along with her heeled sandals.
She elegantly strolls up the short steps then stands next to Sandson on the stage. She smiles then shoves the flute mouth piece over her pouted lips. She plays the four notes in sweet harmony as Sandson sings. “Cee. Dee. Eee. Bee...,” nods at her. “Very good, Lugina! Everyone has heard the sweet song. Let’s play it, together. Pose your flute to your lips. And one, two, three,” he plays with the song with the students.
I position my fingers for the c-chord, then d-chord, then e-chord and finally the b-chord while squealing though the song. I giggle removing the flute. I view Yachel.
She eye rolls then twirls the flute again. 
Sondson walks to the edge of the platform. “Everyone stand! You sound pretty good, maybe pretty enough. I will lead. You should follow. Lugina will be coming with us to assist, definitely.”
I stand frowning with confusion. I whisper to Yachel. “Sound pretty good, maybe pretty enough! What does that mean? What are we doing next?”
Yachel smiles. “I know but you don’t. This session is a surprise for you, Persia.”
I exhale walking out the archway of the cool building stomping with Yachel. Sondson leads out the hallway door into the outdoors. I stomp down the steps of broken rock and pebbles kicking some of the rock away from my naked feet before getting lodged with both pain and blood inside my heeled sandals.
I stomp in the tall grass tickling my toes following Sondson. He walks across a lawn of dry grass and tall weeds then down a valley of brown bushes then over a hill of dry grass and then into a field of colorful part dead and part alive wildflowers. He stops in the meadow grass, scanning the pretty sunny skyline then the rich green meadow.
I park beside Yachel. Britton struts beside me elbowing my bicep. I grin and giggle at him then view Yachel.
She stares into the meadow, smiling.
Sondson faces the teens. He waves his arms holding his flute with Lugina in her elegant gown beside him. He says. “I am not going to spoil the surprise. Lugina, please play,” she smiles then swings from the teen towards the open hills of the meadow. She blows the flute with her sweet song of four notes over and over, again.
I slap the flute against my fluffy dress sweating in the hot sunshine, staring at Lugina. Yachel elbows me when my vision catches movement in the far distance on top of a tall hill. I narrow my eyelashes as the single movement comes closer.
The other teens dance side to side with anticipation.
I see the movement, a single unicorn. The beast is solid black with a black horn slightly above its eyes in the center of its forehead. Its mane flies in full gallop along with its legs. The beast slows then walks directly to Lugina.
Lugina stops playing the flute extending her hands. The unicorn nudges her hand. She shuffles closer stroking its forehead.
Yachel whispers. “Don’t ya get it, Persia! Flute class is for learning the secret musical notes signaling your personal unicorn like the rock and the tiara,” smiles and nods.
I drop my mouth in shock. I usually ride with Yachel on her older nicely tamed unicorns that are about dead or dying from old age and some ancient diseases.
Hadwin frowns with annoyance standing behind me. “We do not fly on the backside of an insect or butterfly or a ragwort root or fowl or unicorns. Fairies ride on winged horses.”
Gable frowns with frustration nodding. “Unicorns bite.”
Molfalso says. “Unicorns are invisible to humans.”
Apella nods smiling. “We live in Fairyland. Humans do not.” 
Yachel smiles and nods. “I like unicorns. That’s her unicorn. That’s why it came to her song on the flute,” when Lugina back steps from her unicorn. She plays the song over and over, again.
I narrow my eyelashes into the far distance seeing movement, when four more unicorns prance over the hill. They stand on each side of the black unicorn. The four are baby unicorns in colors of pink, white, blue, and orange. I smile. “Awe! Babies!”
Sondson shuffles then pats the baby unicorn nearest to him. He says. “Come and pat the babies! Then you can try to signal your unicorn.”
I gallop with Yachel towards the orange baby unicorn. I squat patting her forehead feeling silky softness. The unicorn doesn’t kick or spit or bite. She softly neighs for the sweet attention.
The teens stroke the four babies then Sandson moves away. He waves his arms holding the flute. “Everyone, please move away from the unicorns,” views her. “Lugina, thank you very much. You may leave. Enjoy your day!” he claps with the students.
She exhibits a peach wave from her earring towards the back spine of the unicorn. The unicorn falls upon her hoofs into the grass. Lugina stomps onto the wave then sits sideways on the saddle crossing her legs. Her dress shows more of her legs than her horse. Britton exhales, chuckling as I slap his bicep. Then he chuckles more, slapping my bicep back. Lugina taps the hairy mane with her hand when the unicorn stands then slowly turns towards the open meadow. The beast gallops away from us taking the four baby unicorns with her.
Sondson waves his arms. “Spread out! Everyone spread out arms length or longer. I want you to play the four notes of the song and summon your unicorn. Beware! The flute plays at the highest musical pitch of any known instrument. A unicorn hears sound at a specific musical pitch. Therefore you must play your song both sweetly and pitch-right before your unicorn comes to you. You don’t need to practice. The unicorn will not come until the pitch is perfect. Now play!”
I giggle positioning my fingers for the first note of c-chord when I hear a sweet sound. I view Yachel. She’s playing the song, perfectly and repeating it over and over, again. I drop my mouth in shock. She had refused to practice inside the music room. Then I catch movement in the distance parting my lips.
A unicorn is galloping over the hill in my direction.
Yachel plays the song over and over again as the unicorn halts on top of the grass. Then the unicorn slowly walks directly to Yachel. She softly plays the song as it comes closer. She stops playing the song then it halts. She smiles extending her hand. The unicorn lowers it head. She pats its soft hair. The unicorn neighs. I drop my mouth in shock. Yachel giggles winking at Persia. She jerks the necklace from neck then rubs the rock up and down her body. Her dress morphs into a pair of faded and torn blue jeans and a pair of worn cowgirl boots when I gasp. She winks at Persia. “Fairy magic,” she touches the rock to the back spine of the unicorn when a brown riding saddle with boot stirrups and a pair of neck reins appear. She smiles at Persia. “Hurry up and call your unicorn! I’m heading east, not explored yet. We can spend the rest of the class time riding the meadows,” climbs onto the beast. Yachel pulls the reins backwards when the unicorn walks back from Persia then she jerks the reins upward. The unicorn rears on two hind legs, when the teens clap and cheer. Yachel smiles galloping off towards the east.
I exhale smiling at her. I turn to the open hills of the meadow placing the flute to my lips, playing the song while squealing the musical notes off-key.
Britton plays his song missing some of the notes.
Gable plays his flute missing all the notes.
Molfalso plays his flute with a sweet harmony when a gray unicorn gallops to the top of the hill. I stop playing watching the unicorn slowly walk to him. He copycats Yachel creating a riding saddle and reins then rides off into the west. I stomp my left sandal in disappointment then play my song, again.
I see a blue unicorn gallop to the hill top then stop playing. The unicorn walks to Zann then she saddles up riding into the west chasing after Molfalso. I stomp my right sandal in double disappointment then play my song again.
I see a white unicorn appear playing my flute. The unicorn walks to Stad when I jerk the flute from my face, frowning in triple disappointment. I view the sky then my sandals, exhaling. I place the flute to my lips then softly play the musical notes over and over, again.
I see a green unicorn stomp up the hill side playing my flute. The unicorn slowly walks down the hill while I play my flute. The beast slowly walks in my direction as I play.
The unicorn stops in front of me when I stop playing. I smile touching its forehead. It neighs. I jerk my necklace from the neck rubbing it down my legs. Nothing. I exhale rubbing the rock up and down my legs. My fancy pink dress shrinks as my old pair of faded blue jeans cover the legs. I still wear my heeled sandals. I giggle. “Next time,” rubs the rock over the back spine of the unicorn. An old worn brown saddle appears with boot stirrups. I touch the forehead when a set of neck reins appear over her head for guiding the beast around the meadow. I jump on top of the beast staring and waving at Britton.
He stands in the meadow fluttering his cape in the breeze holding his flute near his mouth. He waves with the other hand smiling at me.
I giggle then twist the unicorn towards the east. I kick her stomach galloping away from Britton.

Meadow. 2:31 pm.
I lean down onto her neck as she runs at a full gallop soaring over the valleys and hilltops of grass and wildflowers. We near the pond when I pull her reins. She slows as I scout for Yachel. I see movement on my left guiding the unicorn towards the tall shade trees.
Yachel sits on top of the unicorn staring into the forest when I halt next to them. “Finally! My flute playing is terrible. Do I have to use that dang flute every time I wanna ride the unicorn? Does she have a formal name? I do name her. Right? What’s your unicorn’s name?”
Yachel stares at the forest. “You can signal the unicorn by whistling the four notes of c, d, e, and b instead of the flute if your whistling is a harmonious pitch perfect. The beast is our unicorn like the rock and the tiara...”
I giggle. “This dang tiara is soldered into my bone skull and numerous brain cells,” gasping. “Does that mean if someone yanks my tiara off my hair roots then I’d lose some brain cells?”
She laughs. “Maybe!? We have to ask pretty Daffodilly or your mama.”
I say. “You shouldn’t insult an authority figure at the Academy, darling,” frowning with concern.
“She ain’t my authority figure. I have to attend the Academy. I have to listen to a mentor. I have to wear a crown and robe and scepturd...”
I frown. “Fairies don’t carry scepters. The Fairy Queen does.”
“I have to carry the gem stone in some type of visual object. Why not a scepturd?”
I giggle. “How’da ya figure out the flute playing so fast getting your unicorn? You were the first one of the entire class.”
“I’m a farmer. I’ll be around animals all my life. Unicorns are a unique species from other mammals. I didn’t understand the connection between the flute and unicorn until Lugina called hers. It’s like riding a wooden fence railing but softer, prettier, and more mellow,” giggles.
I pat her neck, smiling. “She’s soft and sweet. I’m naming her Komilly. That means ‘soft’ in Fairy language. Why do we ride unicorns?”
She shakes her curls. “Some of the other fairies like to ride the beasts instead of the flying coaches. Some of the other fairies don’t have flying coaches for their job performance. And there ain’t no fairy language, Persia. We speak with the same alphabets and same numbers. Ya know one, two, three, four, five, six then kiss my…”
“Job!? That’s why we’re here at the Academy. That’s the purpose of me, a job. What job are you going to be, Yachel?”
“A farmer like my parents.”
I exhale studying the forest thickly rich with tall over story trees, bright hanging fruit, green leaves, and pretty colorful wildflowers. I look behind my collar bone scanning the meadow. It runs dark green grass then green then pale green then yellow grass. I view the forest, again. “Why’s the forest thick and rich with green trees and plants but the meadow looks like its dying of something?”
Yachel views Persia’s nose profile. “What’da ya going to be after graduating the Academy?”
I shrug. “Like my parents, I guess. When do we return to the Academy, this afternoon for more Flute class?” My rock pings with a tiny sound, when my unicorn twists in the direction of the building. I exhale, giggling. “Fairy magic does it all! I got it, finally.”
We gallop back to the Academy.

Persia’s room. second floor. night time. supper time. 5:12 pm.
I perch my rock on five fingertips slowly stroking down the one side, feeling the tiny shards of rock peel away from the stone sitting on the loveseat in front of the window. The shards float then dissolve into the air.
Yachel squats and rubs her rock over the dirty supper dishes floating and covering the tray then lifts the tray from the floor. She places the food tray into the hallway for pickup. She closes the door smiling at Persia. “Who gets to cook and clean for us, fairy princesses?”
“House brownies.”
She nods. “Good thing, I be born a princess with my own tiara,” tings the thick rows of diamonds with her fingers, giggling. She stops in front of Persia clearing a throat for her fun amusement. “Ya can waste your time peeling the stone in class tomorrow during our enchantment session. That’s all we’re going to do in there for the rest of our imprisoned academic days.”
I stroke my palm down the other side feeling the rough edge slice away into a smooth curve. This method does not cut into my skin. “I wanna got this done now,” raising my palm from the stone, smiling at her. “Then me and you can skip enchantment class for the rest of our imprisoned academic days.”
She giggles. “Good luck with your accomplishment! I’m not slicing my hand more than once per hour per day,” studies her hand healing with the pink marks. “Let’s go exploring. We’re allowed to roam around the campus, without a mentor or two. I wanna accidentally run into Stad or Hadwin or Molfalso. Hey! I bet Britton wants to accidently run into you, darling,” winks.
I giggle raising my palm fearfully of cutting my skin, not concentrating. I smile, nodding. “I like getting into one or two happy accidents...,” my rock pings. I study the rock pulsating in bright magenta then black color.
Yachel fingers my rock giggling. “Your parents are calling and checking up on your happy accidents, Persia.”
“My parents?” I frown with puzzlement at blinking rock.
She thumbs the reader-chair. “A communication devise for learning, speaking, recording, and listening, if need be,” giggling. 
I exhale shaking my curls, standing. “Yeah. Yeah. I got it, finally.” Yachel smiles and back steps from me turning towards the doorway. I frown shaking my curls. “Don’t leave me, Yachel. We can go and wreck into a handsome hunk.”
Yachel frowns with puzzlement. “Your parents will see me.”
“Hide in the far corner. I just wanna say ‘hi’ then ‘bye’ then we go and cause some accidents,” winks at Yachel. I place the blinking rock into the pocket of the reader-tray then slide into the reader-chair. The wall glows with magenta arrays of color heavy bands on the outside decreasing into lighter bands. The middle is white then turns into the faces of my parents. I smile, giggling. “Hi mama and daddy!”
My mama smiles. “Persia, how was your first day? I see your tiara. It’s beautiful.”
My daddy smiles. “You are beautiful, honey. How are your sessions and mentors going for your first day, very well?”
I nod. “My first day of sessions was great. I made a lot of new friends meeting all the other teens in my class. Fairy Lore has swirling chairs...”
My mama laughs. “Be careful! I do believe the chairs think faster than a gem stone. And I really want you to seek out other friends besides...”
I growl. “I am, Mama,” then smile. “I’m trying to crack the teaspoon from a teacup.”
My daddy nods. “It sounds like a silly class, Teacup class. But it is a very important step in becoming a fairy princess.”
“So what’s the secret of cracking the fossilized mud?”
My mama shakes her curls. “We do not reveal any fairy secrets to anyone, honey.”
“Okay! I got my tiara and my unicorn. She’s colored in green. Is that a significant color, Mama? I know the color of green means balance.”
My mama says. “No, honey! The unicorns are born with various colors from their parents. What color is your personality stone?”
I smile. “The color of magenta selected me inside the gem cave. It is...”
My mama frowns. “What was the color? I didn’t catch the name?”
“Magenta,” nodding at my mama.
My mama frowns. “There is not a color of magenta in the spectrum, honey. What’s the true color of your rock?”
I nod. “Yeah! There’s a color of magenta,” stands from the chair. I finger the wall. “I can see the color of magenta around the reader-tray and the wall and your faces. The color of magenta selected me.”
My mama shakes her curls. “No, honey! The color of magenta does not exist among fairies. I see the exaggerated color bands on the wall from our house. I believe it’s a deep purple. The color of purple is justice. That’s an excellent personality trait fitting you, perfectly.”
My daddy frowns. “I see a deep red with some blue. The color of red is energy. That’s another good personality trait.”
I exhale, fingering the wall. “It is the color of magenta. Mentor Oviv verified my rock. She said that it was impossible...”
My mama nods. “Mentor Oviv has been at the Academy for a long, long time. Her judgment is sound so she meant that the color of magenta is impossible to exist, Persia. You either have a royal purple shade or a deep red color rock once you have sculptured it down then the true brilliance will shine in the sunlight. The raw rock hides the true color...”
“But...”
My mama smiles and nods. “I was worried a little about you integrating into the fifth class. But everything sounds fine and dandy. Who are some of the other kids?”
I frown at her. “You don’t know the other parents of my lowly fifth class? Why don’t ya’ll know some of the other parents of my lowly fifth class?”
My daddy frowns. “No, honey! We keep busy with our jobs. Name some of the other fairy princesses...”
I giggle and grin. “Yachel, of course, she’s my best friend.”
My mama frowns. “You have met some of the other fairy princesses, too.”
I exhale. “There some girl named Zann. She’s tall and pretty...”
“And...,” my mama frowns.
I view the cracked wooden floor. “And there another girl named...Nabell...”
“And...,” my mama frowns.
“And there’s another girl named...Apella.”
My mama smiles. “You’re in fine company of fairy princesses, honey. We’ll let you go back to working on your rock. Once your sculpture it down then you’ll see the rock color is a pretty royal purple. Purple means justice. This is a wonder personality trait for you. We love you, Persia.”
I fake a smile. “Yeah. Bye mama!”
My daddy smiles. “We love ya, honey. Learn to be a good fairy princess!”
I grit my teeth into a fake smile. “Yeah. I will. Love ya’ll, too!” The wall turns white when I view my naked feet. Then I view Yachel. She shakes her curls, not smiling. I say. “Isn’t magenta a color? Magenta is a color. My rock color is magenta. I plucked it from the wall. Magenta is a color of purple, red, and pink. It is a color,” nods.
Yachel nods sliding into the reader-chair when I kneel beside her. The chairs only hold one individual. She rubs both hands over the white tray as it turns into nothing. She does it again resulting in whiteness. She frowns at me. “Your rock is lacking some serious reading materials.”
“Naw!” I shake my curls. “Mentor Oviv copied her material into my rock.”
“No. Yes. No. I mean you’re supposed to copy more reading materials into your empty rock for studying to be a perfect fairy princess,” Yachel removes my magenta rock. She places her pale blue rock into the reader-tray pocket. She swishes her hands over the tray when the page of words appears. She reads out loud. “Magenta is an extra-spectral color...”
“And that’s supposed to mean something to you. It doesn’t mean anything to me.”
Yachel wipes the tray with her hands, when the page disappears. She fingernail writes the word: magenta.
The reader-tray shows the single sentence.
Magenta is an extra-spectral color.
She fingers the tray. “Magenta is an extra-spectral color,” views me. She smiles. “Okay! We go and fill out our rocks with more information.”
I stand parking hands on my hips frowning with confusion. “How do we do that?”
Yachel wipes the tray with her hands collecting her rock. She stands nodding. “We go to the Fairy Library.”

Library. 5:45 pm.
I enter a tall long room through a center door colored in white: walls, ceiling, and flooring. There are long tables with chairs in the middle of the room. I study the walls.
There are tiny vertical black lines dividing each wall into segments with a big black letter of the alphabet at the top of the ceiling shining against the solid white wall. When you come through the center entrance door the right side shows the letter A and an embedded pocket for your gem stone even with your eyeballs. As you follow around the room the next section is labeled with the letter B at the top of the ceiling. Each section is segmented with a letter going around the rest of the walls. The letter Z ends on the left side of the entrance door.
I follow Yachel. She stops at the section labeled with the letter M then inserts her rock. She fingernails write upon the vertical white wall the single word: magenta.
Her pale blue rock glows.
Yachel fingers her rock, viewing Persia. “This is the Fairy Library sorted by the fairy alphabet. Behind each wall are billions, zillions of rocks with information about Fairyland and the outer world. My rock is getting educated,” giggles. “The Fairy Library will tell us the truth about the color of magenta,” when the pale blue rock stops glowing. “Now! My rock’s smarter than me,” giggles and pulls the rock. She spins to one of the tables in the middle of the room. “Each table holds a set of long benches around the perimeter for many students with numerous pockets, so we can study together. Or you can study independently by inserting your rock into one of the pockets which activates one of the reader-trays with the reader-table.” She slides onto the bench. I sit next to her. She drops her rock into the pocket activating one of the white trays.
She fingernails writes the word: magenta.
A page of words appears on the tray.
Yachel says. “Magenta is not a color. It is an extra-spectral color. Sir Isaac Newton found the color when he combined the primary colors of blue and red on a prism stone...”
I frown studying the page. “Sir Isaac Newton is a human calling the magenta rock a non-color. This doesn’t help me or my case with my parents. Didn’t a fairy prince or princess find that color?”
“A human found the color and then didn’t find the color,” frowns Yachel.
I nod. “We’re invisible to humans.”
Yachel reads out loud. “Here’s some more information. The spectrum colors are violet, indigo, blue, green, yellow, orange, and red. Pink is not a spectrum color, either.”
I shake my curls. “That’s totally an illogical statement. Zann picked up a pink rock in the gem cave in which Mentor Oviv confirmed with my rock color of magenta. Everyone knows that the color of pink means sweetness. See! I’m right. And it says here right. Magenta is a purplish-red with a tinge of blue. Why would someone bother wasting time to identify a color that doesn’t exist in the color world?”
Yachel smiles at Persia. “You really are a combo color of purple, red, and pink making up magenta.”
I nod, smiling. “I feel tons better. I don’t think my parents will accept my silly explanation. But I don’t really care. Once I sculpture the rock into a gem stone they will see the true color,” frowns at the single page of words. “What does the color magenta mean?”
Yachel scans the walls, nodding. “We’ll figure it out, later,” smiles at Persia. “Let’s go and find an accident,” winks.
I giggle. “Yeah!”

Hallway. 6:01 pm.
I hug her arm slowly walking along the white hallway with the peeling paint and stepping over some bigger potholes in the wooden flooring. I whisper. “Where are going?”
Yachel giggles. “It is a super-duper surprise...”
“...for an accident or two in the hallway.”
Yachel shakes her curls. “Naw! The hallway is brighter than the lawn since it’s completely darkness outside for exploring the dry and dead lawn grass. I might trip over a hill of fire ants. The lawn is sickly manicured for my precious naked toes,” giggles with Persia. “And the other fairies are inside their sleeping suites studying or eating or entertaining each other. Why’da your mama mention at befriending the other princesses? We be the only pair of cute darlings for...”
I exhale, nodding. “My Mama’s too embarrassed to confess my purpose of the Academy is finding a hunky sweetheart male for life. That’s her way of telling me to get a husband, without telling me to get a husband. Geez! Ya have to learn to read between her sentences or miss the point of the entire short conversation.”
Yachel giggles. “Your mama’s strange to me...”
“...and me too. Where are going again?”
“The banquet room entrance is behind us. We’re going forward to the exit door on the other end of the hallway.”
“I think Gable’s smart along with Apella. They’re probably the smartest fairies in our class.”
“I think Gable’s ugly along with uglier Apella. I think Stad, Molfalso, Hadwin, Radford and Britton are handsomely cuteness. We got lucky, darling. Our class is filled with hunky males for taking and mating...”
“I think your tiara is the bestest and my rock color is the coolest.”
“This is the door.” Yachel looks behind her collar bone for other folks then opens it. The door squeals dropping some more paint chips. “You first, princess.”
I stomp into the archway, stopping and stare. “It’s complete pitch black of darkness. I can’t see my hand or my foot or the wall...”
“Is the fairy a little scared of brownies or monsters?”
I narrow my eyelashes into the darkness. “Would a spirit be hiding in here?”
Yachel pushes passed Persia into the darkness. “Naw! They’re actually like the lightness to see for their haunt-ness,” she giggles and tings her rock, when it illuminates her face and chest. “And the rock is a communication devise of lightness, too. Ting your rock!” I slap the rock on the chain around my neck when an area of three inches lights up around me. Yachel leads then tumbles to the side. “Okay! That was both un-elegant and painful. Watch very carefully the floor for rotten wood!”
I stumble over the wood then slide to my left avoiding the pothole. “We should come back in the morning.”
“It’s an enclosed room with no windows. The morning sun don’t shine here, darling!”
“O!” I scream tumbling into the wall.
“Okay. Drop your rock illumination towards the floor. Watch very carefully the floor for rotten wood and the holes in the wall, too.”
I giggle then stumble towards the staircase touching the banister then fling my hand into the air. “It’s rough and prickly.”
“The water moisture built-in accumulates in here from the hot ovens inside the kitchen and the water vapors of the flooding landscape at night peeling of the polished wood...”
“Since the year 2001 BC...”
Yachel giggles. “Okay! Watch very carefully the floor for rotten wood. The walls for big holes. And the steps for cracked planks,” stepping up the stairs.
I see the broken planks scooting sideways. “What are we doing tomorrow in the sessions?”
“Another fairy tale of lore, another enchantment charm, another crack at the fossilized mud...”
“Where does one get fossilize mud?”
“From the year 2001 BC...”
I giggle stomping over another bad plank. “Why does one study a teacup of fossilized mud? What is the purpose of mud?” I hear silence. “Answer my inquire, Yachel?”
She giggles. “I know and you gotta find out, doll. I’d strongly suggest the library, darling.”
I exhale. “I think Yachel is smarter than both Gable and Apella put together in our lowly fifth class.”

Watcher station. night time clear sky. bright stars. 6:15 pm.
Yachel slaps the last plank moving across the new un-level floor. “Watch out for...”
“I see.” I stomp from the staircase viewing the floor for more potholes. “The floor’s really unruffled. Is it safe up here, Yachel?”
She walks towards a chest in the corner lifting the wood. “Is the entire house safe? What’s your honest opinion, Persia,” giggles.
The watcher station is a covered balcony, without glass windows. There are thin wooden poles holding up the rooftop. I stand in the middle of the floor scanning the night time as my eyeballs adjust to the moon light. “Where are we? I can see the wooden poles holding up the rooftop,” views the wooden ceiling. “Will the pole hold the roof? Are we in danger?”
She lifts the two objects from the chest swinging to Persia. She smiles. “This is the sixth floor containing the watcher station right above the cathedral banquet hall and kitchen. There are watcher stations on top of the satellites also but two levels lower. This is the highest point of the campus since the building floats above the soggy wet ground during the flood, every single night. Yeah! The rooftop’s fixed for rain leaks, every year. Here!” I take the object, studying it. She fingers it. “This is a pair of spy glasses used by a watcher.”
I drop my mouth rotating the object around in my hands. “My parents are watchers. They use this specific equipment. I have never seen this piece of equipment. It looks like a pair of gigantic binoculars.”
Yachel drags Persia by the arm to the wooden railing. “We’re facing east. Place the spy glasses to your face. Wait! Lean over the railing. Yeah, it’s safe. Lean over the railing. Tell me what ya see?”
I exhale slowly lean my torso over the railing. “Okay! I see the ground. It’s dry grass, ugly weeds, and some wiggling worms like pretty uglier at night. When I look further up I see more ground and far away I see the faint outline of the forest. When I look further upward I see a band of faint light of something glowing. When I look up into the skyline I see many stars and the moon.”
She nods, smiling. “Yeah! I see the same scene. Out here, the stars and moon is pretty. Now! Place the spy glasses over your face and hold your breath. Holding your breath allows you to see the images better, clear.”
“What images better? I don’t wanna see the wiggling worms, better.” I place the spy glasses over my face then gasp. “I see round lights of glowing energy coming from far, far away. The lights present in various colors of red, green, yellow, blue, pink and the rest of the rainbow. I have never seen this sight. So pretty!”
Yachel views her spy glasses at the same lights. “You’re correct. The lights are far, far, far away about 800 miles.”
I scan the horizon. “The lights are 800 miles away from us. What’s out there?”
“The human world.”
I drop the spying glasses frowning at her. “The human world contains all the glowing lights of prettiness,” scans the nightly landscape of Fairyland. “I see a few faint lights from some of far away houses dotting the navy blue skyline which is a reflection of the moon beams off the something of something of the larger estate homes.” I frown at Yachel. “I don’t understand. Explain? Why do the watchers use spying glasses? Why do the watches spy on the human world of pretty lights? I mean I see the fascination of the lights since Fairyland is fairly country,” giggles.
She grins. “The watcher watches. This is the purpose of the Academy. This is the purpose of you.”
I view the glowing lights through the spy glasses. “I do understand the purpose of the Academy. I don’t under my purpose.”
Yachel doesn’t wear the spy glass and fingers the darkness around them. “This is the direction of east, the same direction the Academy faces. The watcher station encircles the rooftop showing more lights in all directions,” scoots along the railing. She wears her spy glasses and views the lights. “I’m going around the western side. I suggest we split up spying on the lights then we can compare our spy notes, being totally bored with sculpturing my rock for the next few days until my hands heal. And the balcony wood is filled with potholes for two beings standing side by side.”
“Good idea! I’m scooting to the opposite side on the southern end then we meet in the middle of the northern balcony.”
“Okay! We meet in the middle then go back to our suites.” Yachel says then disappears around the wall.
I slowly scoot around the railing viewing the different colored lights then slam into the pole. I drop the spy glasses, giggling. I walk around the pole, replace the glasses viewing the lights slowly following the railing. Then I slam into the pole, again.
The two biceps cuddle my shoulders. “See anything interesting!”
I giggle dropping the spy glasses smiling at Britton. “Maybe!”
He chuckles leaning into my face then kisses my forehead. “See anything more interesting, now!”
I giggle, “Maybe!”
He chuckles kissing my nose. “See anything more interesting, now!”
I giggle. “Maybe, so!”
He chuckles kissing my lips.

Day 2
Persia’s suite. night time. 3:02 am.
“I do not like you,” the baritone voice whispers into my ear when I blink my eyelashes then scream at the spirit of Captain Robert. I upright panting and swinging my arms. Captain Robert laughs floating backwards from my wiggling fingers. “You cannot harm me.”
I sneer and grab my rock necklace from the nightstand. I don’t wear it to bed, ya’ll! I swing it in the air then release. The necklace twirls into the middle of the spirit.
He yells flying backwards then disappears into the wall.
I growl panting with both fear and annoyance.
I roll from the bed retrieving the necklace sliding it over my neck then jump into my bed.
I exhale viewing the ceiling then the window, then the door, then the window...

Banquet hall. 7:42 am.
I dash into the room dragging my pink cape over the floor more than over my shoulder wearing my new pink dress and the same old pair of heeled sandals. I scoot into the last empty chair breaking the bread, stuffing my face with the food.
Yachel frowns with concern, chewing. “You’re late for breakfast.”
Zann giggles. “A few of the fairy princesses were late for breakfast including...”
Yachel says. “Ya look tired, Persia. We both left at the same time last night. Did something else happen after I left you last night, darling,” winks and giggles.
I food spit on the plate and my dress chewing my only meal before lunch. “Captain Robert visited me inside my suite last night. I got startled and scared. I couldn’t go back to sleep.”
Apella nods chewing. “Me too!”
Yachel exhales shaking her curls. “Spirits do not like fairies. You should wear your rock necklace at all times, including bedtime, Persia and the rest of ya’ll, princesses,” laughs spitting her food.
I nod eating.

Fairy Lore. 8:16 am.
I sit in the same reader-chair, yawning at the page on the tray from lack of disturbed sleep by the spirit and my upset tummy from eating my breakfast, too fast. I cuddle my chin into my hands as Ibbie reads the wall. “Fairies have existed with other beings on Planet Earth including humans from the beginning of time. They started out dwelling along a river bank camping in the mud...”
Molfalso laughs. “O!” I feel my reader-chair turning in his direction in the rear of the room then stop it. He says. “That’s where the fossilized mud came from,” chuckles with the others.
Ibbie reads the wall. “The fairies moved into the cave environment for comfort then they lounged over tree branches before finally advancing onto the land forming farms for food.”
Molfalso says. “The first fairy came from the toenail of a nasty human,” when I feel my reader-chair moving. I stop it as some of the others chuckle.
Ibbie says. “No.”
Molfalso says. “The first fairy came from the snot ball of the left human nostril,” chuckles with some of the teens.
“No.”
Molfalso laughs. “Then the first fairy came from a stinky piece of hair underneath...the armpit,” when my reader-chair swirls around as I laugh with some of the other teens.
Ibbie waves her hand when Molfalso’s chair swiftly twirls around for a couple of times then suddenly stops. Molfalso shoves the reader-tray to the side then exits the door, coughing and gagging. The teens laugh. She smiles. “The farms brought both success and failure to the cultured and peaceful Fairyland. During our dark period centuries ago of Fairy Lore we had encountered our known enemy the boggart. They are hardy creatures tall, brown-skinned possessing not one single nostril hole or finger or a toe. The lack of wiggling appendages made digging out a living on a dirt farm very hard work. They were honestly employed by fairies for other various job functions then plowing or harvesting crops. One night an angry gang of boggarts attacked their own village of farmers leaving not one fairy male, female or babe alive. The fairies attacked right back creating the first and only Fairy War. The war was not going very well for the fairy clan. The clan did not possess gem stones for protection only farm tools. The boggarts were merciless killing all in their foot path. A surviving fairy child from one of the many burnt farms had hidden inside a boat from the blaring forest fire then drifted out into the sea. The boat landed on the next shoreline where the child was found by humans. The child told of the trouble in Fairyland. The kind humans gathered their kind to aid the fairies. The human boats landed in Fairyland with fighting warriors composed mostly of farmers. During the fighting the fairy child was too young and weak to fight given the task of providing water and bread to the fighting farmers. When one of the angry clan of the boggarts crossed the fairy child’s path the child fought back as best he could tossing his fists, the water jug, the bread sticks, and finally the jar of honey. Honey is sweet tasting on bread which comes from honeybees. The honey thrown from jar stuck to the boggart causing it to scream in pain. Since the boggart was mean and the honey was sweet then the two elements didn’t fit well, together. The honey had turned the boggart into a pile of short brown goo or a brownie,” nods and chuckles.
Apella drops her mouth. “Our house servant is a brownie. Are you telling us that my brownie is really a boggart from centuries ago during the Fairy War?”
Ibbie smiles, nodding. “Yes. I am telling all of ya’ll. The brownies are descended from the original clan of angry ugly boggarts, our only enemy. The fairy child lived to tell the tale and tattle the secret for converting the boggart into a brownie. The fairies were grateful to end the battle then faced destruction, again. The war had destroyed the homes, the buildings, the farm equipment, the crop land, the fruit trees, and the hope for both the fairies and the humans. After the dead were buried throughout Fairyland in the traditional fresh lei of rose petals both the surviving humans and fairies built this plantation house honoring their pact of friendship from centuries, ago. However it was also discovered that the human clan had been greatly reduced down to one parent or no parents for surviving their biological children inside the human world. So the Fairy Queen decided that a fairy adult would watch over an orphaned human babe of the honored dead pair of humans until their adulthood into a marriage or a job. This royal declaration was established to save the remaining unemployed fairies, the orphaned children, and Fairyland. Ya see all the honey jars came from the humans. Fairies do not eat honey or possess honeybees.
“Every fairy adult who lost their entire family clan was selected and then gifted with a gem stone by the Fairy Queen. The gem stone allowed their fairy powers to flow within to outward. A fairy could heal their body or fly on a winged horse or ride a unicorn or turn invisible inside the human world. However a human can see a fairy inside Fairyland,” raises her hand. “I do not know the reason. To continue the fairy lore, in exchange for watching over the orphaned child the human clan provided wood, furniture, house furnishings, seedlings, food stuff, and other equipment. Fairyland became prosperous again. However the pact between the fairy and human stills exists mostly due to several factors. The poor population growth of the fairy family unit beyond one fairy babe, the lack of developing farms, the lost art of farming skills, and the increase of a fairy controller for the human child. A human is a fragile creature who cannot heal thy self. When the biological parents inside the human world become damaged then dead and their child becomes orphaned, a fairy is sent to watch over the human babe. The Fairy Queen still honors the pact of friendship from centuries, ago.”
Gables frowns, saying. “Why would the Fairy Queen care to do that?” I feel my reader-chair automatically swirling towards him. I let it spin around facing Gable along with the other reader-chairs in the first interesting hot topic of Fairy Lore. He says. “I have never met a human. I do not care to meet a human. I have read that they are filthy and smelly...”
“...like Gabbie because his toad sweat only comes off, if ya bath, every night.” Molfalso laughs with the others.
My elbows heat on the tray when I view the surface. The page from Ibbie shows on the right side. A new page shows a golden chain picture on the left side of my reader-try. Then my tray splits into three sections. The page from Ibbie shows on the right side. The picture of the shell of a long necklace chain shows in the middle.
Yachel fingernail writes on the left side.
Do not like.
Britton says. “Therefore this is the purpose of the Academy,” I view him when he says. “The purpose of the mentors. The purpose of you,” raises his rock. “I’m sculpturing a rock of dark brown. Brown is the color of security. My parents are collectors. Therefore, most likely, I will end up as a collector too. I don’t mind, ya’ll. A collector is a fairy guard who aids a fairy in trouble inside the human world. So I must learn to ride a unicorn and fly a winged horse and...”
My hand heats when I view the tray. The middle picture changes into the shell of a ring.
Yachel fingernail writes...Like.
Hadwin says. “My parents are watchers who watch a fairy inside the human world that is caring for the orphaned child. I do mind, too. My parents are gone from sunrise to sunset every day of the week and on the weekend,” when my hand heats.
I view the middle picture on the tray. It has changed into the shell of a palm chain.
Yachel fingernail writes...Like.
I view Hadwin as he continues. “I didn’t necessary want to learn to fly a winged horse. But my parents are locked inside a watcher station for hours and days. I too will be a watcher as my daddy says. And I do not wanna to be a watcher...,” when my hand heats.
Yachel fingernail writes...Do you like the palm chain? It looks cool like Daffodilly’s.
I giggle and fingernail write...Cool!
Kuelle says. “I agree with Hadwin,” when my chair swirls towards her. She nods. “My parents are fairy controllers. A controller is a fairy who lives with the human child from sunrise to sunset or longer to bedtime. My parents come home very, very late. I sometimes do not see them for days. Yeah! I’ve been told by them that I will do very well as a controller...,” when my hand heats.
I view the middle picture on the tray. It has changed into the shell of a bracelet.
Yachel fingernail writes...Do not like.
I view Kuelle as she raises and shakes her rock. “I’m required to etch the rock into a pretty gem stone. The stone connects my fairy powers for my talent of invisibility that is required in the human world. So to be a controller I must endure the painful hand cuts finishing the job before the end of the year...,” when my hand heats.
I view the middle picture on the tray. It has changed into the shell of a wrist time piece.
Yachel fingernail writes...Do not like.
I view Kuelle as she nods. “I really want to be a mentor, not a controller,” when my hand heats.
I view the middle picture on the tray. It has changed into the shell of a choker.
Yachel fingernail writes...Do not like.
Zann smiles. “You can perform any job here in Fairyland, Kuelle after you graduate the Academy,” when my reader-chair slightly swirls to her. She says. “My parents are farmers. We provide food for all of Fairyland. I wanna be just like them, too. Ya know you could be a farmer with me. There’s plenty of land,” when my hand heats.
I view the middle picture on the tray. It has changed into the shell of an earring.
Yachel fingernail writes...Like.
Walcott says. “Don’t become a trainer either,” when my chair twirls to him. He says. “A trainer is responsible for training the brownies for all their job positions from domestic cleaning to tunnel digging to barn pookie shoveling,” chuckles. “It is not a nice job...,” when my hand heats.
I view the middle picture on the tray. It has changed into the shell of a nose ring.
Yachel fingernail writes...Do not try at home.
I giggle and fingernail write...Yeah!
Yachel fingernail writes...Which one do you like for your gem stone?
I fingernail write...Thinking.
I view Walcott as he says. “I’m too expected following into the foot path of my parents and will not. I’m going to be something different...”
Molfalso frowns with concern. “As long as the current Fairy Queen rules Fairyland then every fairy will be babysitting a human child. Then every controller will need a watcher to send in the collector for the rescue. So, I do believe that the fairy cycle will never end, ya’ll,” nods with some of the other teens.
Ibbie smiles and says. “This has been an enlightening topic for Fairy Lore today,” when my chair swirls to her. She removes her necklace then the walls, the floor, and the ceiling turn back into blank white-ness. “You are dismissed!”
I wipe the tray with my hands cleaning the message thread then remove my rock. I stand walking with Yachel. She asks. “Which shell do you want for your gem stone?”
“Why didn’t ya tell the other fairies that they had a choice to a farmer, instead of a watcher or collector or controller? Food is important. I like to eat.”
“I like the palm chain best. Lugina has two earrings with two little tiny gem stones maybe I can have two palm chains with two gem stones.”
I exhale. “Your hand burns and cuts from one gem stone. Why do you want two of them?”
Yachel giggles. “To protect my fanny from any the wandering spirits around this place especially when I’m sleeping soundly inside my bed. An earth rock is a natural deterrent to all creepy crawly spirits.”
I smile, nodding.

Second session. Gem class. 10:03 am.
I slowly walk through the dark tunnel under the bleachers stomping into the open theater of furniture. On the opposite wall there are neatly separated piles of dining room furniture consisting of a single small table, two chairs, a lamp, a single eating placement of dishes.
I scoot on the first row sitting next to Britton. He smiles, not waving when I slide then bump his shoulder. He chuckles then bumps my shoulder back.
Oviv says. “Good morning, students. Your rock has selected you. Today you will learn about the properties connecting you and your rock. Yes. It is a rough raw format of lumping rock, not a gleaming gem stone. However you possess fairy powers accessed by your ugly rock. Today you will lead the concept of fairy speed.”
Gable says. “Fairy speed is really called invisibility for some dense fairies.”
Oviv nods. “Very good, Master Gable. Fairies are not truly invisible. They are faster than the speed of sunlight making them invisible when running...”
“...away from me, Gabbie.” Molfalso laughs with the others.
Oviv exhales. “Everyone pick a spot inside the theater parallel with one of the piles of furniture against the far wall. Each pile of furniture is the same...”
“...mis-matchness. Why doesn’t any piece of one furniture setting match each other, Mentor Oviv? Why does everything has holes or tears or rips?” Radford frowns with puzzlement.
Oviv stands in the middle of the students fingering her gem stone. “Our purpose is to set up a dining room environment like so. You will place the dining room table first then the single chair, the lamp, the plate, the water goblet, the teacup, the fork, the spoon and finally the knife along the side of the plate, such-like.” She disappears then a dining-room table appears in her spot. A chair appears next underneath the wood then the lamp on top of the table. The eating plate, the goblet, the teacup, the fork, spoon, and knife appear then Oviv sits inside the chair, giggling. The students smile, clapping. Oviv stands, smiling. “Thank you! I have demonstrated your first lesson of rock and you. I will watch your individual performance. No. I cannot see into the future or possess an array of ugly thirteen eyeballs. I have a gem stone. My stone will record your individual fairy performance then I will replay it for accuracy of your furniture sequencing. If you fail to follow the sequencing you are disqualified. If you broke one single furniture item you are disqualified. If you follow the sequencing correctly and do not broke a furniture item you will win the fairy performance. I must express it is not really a timed event since the condition of breakage is the key for losing or winning. Therefore we will wait for each student to complete their fairy performance no matter the time. After all dining room settings are completed I will reward the winner with a very valuable prize.”
“If there are two winners...,” Gable frowns with worry.
Oviv nods, smirking. “There will not be two winners based on the difficulty of the performance. However the student with the least broken furniture items will win the performance. Are there any more questions before Master Gable interrupts my thought processes, again? If two students tie with the least broken furniture I will award two winners. I am very fair and just with the performance. I would like to see every student win the competition, also making ya’ll good fairy princess and prince.”
“What’s the prize if it can be shared with me?” Apella smiles dancing side to side.
Oviv chuckles scanning the faces of the students. “A delightful prize, the envy of your peers. Please get squat into your speed position.”
I lean over then whisper to Yachel. “What’s the prize?”
She giggles and views the furniture pile. “Beats you! Once I beat you then I can show ya.”
I snort. “Beats me. I beats you, darling.”
“Go!” Oviv shouts.
I hold my rock neckline racing to the other side. I shift the dining room table from the wall lifting it into the air then halt. I pant from the heavy piece of furniture. I scan the room.
Britton has reached the other side sitting up the table then disappears with his fairy speed.
Gable has stopped in the middle of his aisle panting like me.
Yachel is on the other side dropping her table.
I lean over the table when my necklace touches the wood then swiftly lands on the opposite side. I giggle. I must touch the rock to the object so my power will flow within to outward. I fairy speed to the other side hugging my necklace then lift the chair with one hand. I slide the chair under the table. I speed back for the lamp placing it on top of the wood, giggling.
I scan the room.
Britton has finished setting up his entire dining room set along the bleachers.
Gable is struggling or taking his sweet tea time like me with the lamp.
Yachel is almost finished needing the utensils.
Apella is not finished but fussing with the plate on the top of her table.
I speed to the wall for the plate then return gently placing it in front of the chair. I speed back and forth more quickly for the items in sequence: the water goblet, the teacup, the fork, the spoon, and the knife. I stand giggling. I fuzz with the placement of the items for a nice visual presentation then scan the room.
Yachel stands in front of her table dancing side to side, winking at me.
Britton frowns with frustration looking at his water goblet.
Apella sits in the chair smiling and studying her items.
Gable drops the knife on the wood nodding at his placement setting of dishes.
Oviv smiles scanning the students. “The performance has ended. Every student has completed their fairy speed run. I will start at the end with Master Gable,” she walks to his dining room table, humming and studying the items. Each student views her movements from their table setting. She nods smiling. “Very good, Master Gable. You have achieved only one broken item, the teacup,” lifts it with her amber wave. “Do you see? The tiny handle has been dislocated so slightly from the side,” when the students gasp.
Gable frowns with frustration dropping his smile and arms. “I? How? I was so careful.”
Oviv fingers the levitating teacup. “Ah! This is minor damage when running with glass items. It is the speed of shifting wind that dislocated the handle, not you. You have one broken furniture item,” lowers the teacup. She moves to Radford giggling. “A broken chair. A busted water goblet. A broken plate. You have acquired a total of four broken furniture items, Master Radford,” when he nods. She shifts to Apella. “Ah! A very good job, Miss Apella. One broken...”
Apella stomps her sandals. “No. My dining room setting is perfect.”
Oviv levitates the object. “You have a slight crack in the water goblet. I am afraid more shear from your wind speed. This is the purpose of the mentor teaching you delicate kindness...”
“...to Apella. She was born under a sour cabbage patch with the biting rodents,” says Yachel into my ear when I giggle.
Oviv shifts to Molfalso frowning with annoyance. “O dear, Master Molfalso. I see a broken table leg, a broken chair leg, a broken lamp, a broken eating plate, a busted water goblet, a broken teacup, a missing prong in the fork, a bend spoon, and...,” pauses. “The knife is not broken but,” studies the knife. “The knife teeth have been sawed off...”
He smiles and nods slapping his chest. “My personal touch with the dull knife along with the bend spoon,” chuckles with the students.
Oviv gasps, shaking her curls at the messy and ugly furniture setting. “You have broken every furniture item. I do not understand. You did this all on purpose.”
“To match the broken parts and pieces of the Academy, the dining room setting matches very well inside the banquet room,” he laughs with the students.
She laughs nodding. “You are too clever, Molfalso. I will indeed reward you for your creativity.”
Apella stomps her sandals beside Oviv shaking her curls. “Naw. No. He broke all his furniture items on purpose for his nasty fun. I could’ve done that, too.”
Oviv smiles at Molfalso. “And you did not, Miss Apella. Part of learning your fairy talent is utilizing your fairy power to your advantage in any given silly or serious situation. Master Molfalso has exhibited creativity, boldness, and intelligence by winning the fairy performance, his way,” she touches her gem stone then appears a cloth bag between her hands. The students gather around her.
Kuelle says. “There are others dining room settings for judging. He didn’t win the entire performance.”
Oviv smiles opening the bag. “You are correct, Miss Kuelle. I will fairly judge the other fairy dining room settings. If there is another student with a perfect setting or possesses only one broken item then the prize will be shared with both Gable and Apella.”
Apella nods, smirking. “I won too. I wanna get my prize now too, Mentor Oviv before Molfalso.”
Oviv smiles at Molfalso. “The color rock selected you was crimson. Crimson represents determination. You have indeed lived up to your selected fairy power,” she jerks out of the bag a color rock of crimson when the students gasp. Molfalso drops his mouth. She presents the rock. “You have been awarded a second personality rock for your fairy performance. Yes. The rock can be sculptured into a second gem stone. The gem stone does not increase your fairy powers but it will allow you to enhance your single wave beam, twice for fun or malice,” giggles.
Apella stomps her feet. “My color rock is gold. I wanna get my second rock, Mentor Oviv. A gold nugget is really rare. Do you even possess one for me? I can go back into the gem cave for my second gold nugget.”
Oviv exhales handing off the rock to Molfalso. He drops his mouth gazing at the rock, nodding and smiling. “Thank you.”
Oviv says. “Normally the student enters the gem cave, once. However you are learning students which allows me as a teaching mentor to enter the cave and award more colored rocks. It will fall upon your task to shape the rock in which I believe each one of you have found to be a painful chore. Do not fret! Every single fairy including your parents had to endure the sculpture, only once. Now Master Molfalso will endure it, twice if he desires,” giggles. She shifts to Yachel. The students follow her, watching. Yachel stands behind her chair looking at the table. Oviv lifts each object. “A broken teacup, a goblet, and a plate. You have three broken items, Miss Yachel.” Yachel nods. Oviv shifts to my dining room setting. I stand behind the table watching her. She studies the table in silence. I hold my breath. Oviv smiles at me. “Very good, Miss Persia. You have no broken furniture items. I cannot see any cracks in the delicate water goblet or the teacup or the plate, being the more precious items for carrying during a fairy speed performance,” she rattles the rocks into the bag pulling out the rock. “Your rock selected you the color of magenta.”
I giggle accepting the rock then frown. “What does the color of magenta mean, Mentor Oviv? I can’t find the representation.”
Oviv views the table. “You did an excellent job, Miss Persia. I predict that you will hold the only perfect representation of fairy speed for the class. Let us finish the judging and find out,” she shifts to Britton.
I smile and stand hugging my rock to my chest feeling the slight warmth inside the stone when Yachel smiles then frowns at me. She whispers. “I didn’t wanna another dang rock. My hands hurt from yesterday.”
I study the rock. “Ya hold it by your fingertips. I barely can feel the sharp shavings of the rock fragments using that method.”
“What are you going to do with two rocks?”
“Didn’t know. But my parents would be proud of me,” exhales. “If I dare tell them that I have acquired a second color rock of magenta. Why don’t they believe me? I’m hugging a second magenta rock.”
“Lucky, ya got a second one! Take it home and show your parents. Let me figure out what the color means they’re the smarter fairies of us all,” giggles.
I giggle, nodding. “Good fairy!”
Oviv says. “Very good, Master Britton! You have only one broken furniture item the water goblet due to shear of fairy speed,” when I view Britton. He’s sad with disappointment.

Teacup class. 11:14 am.
I wiggle the same broken dining room chair side to side with the shorter leg then touch the broken leg with my hand holding my gem stone with the other. The chair sits upright in a perfect balance of me and it. I giggle.
Mentor Faddey sits in the small spot next to the same patchwork tablecloth brewing the tea kettle under the burning coals. The table has the same old mismatched sugar bowl, creamer jug, and napkin holder. He stirs the tea. “Good new morning, students. Please try again to retrieve the teaspoon from the fossilized mud.”
I exhale grinning with excitement from winning a second personality rock. I view Yachel. She has her eyelashes closed facing the wall with her hands around the teacup. I hear the explosion of a teacup behind me.
Faddey says staring at the teen. “Please acquire a new teacup, Master Walcott.”
Walcott: tall, dark brown shoulder length hair, red cat whiskers, dark skin, athletic. He smiles and stands holding a piece of the busted teacup. “But I did it, mentor. I separated the mud from the teacup. I be done! I be good! Can I leave and go pond fishing for an hour for my lunchtime meal?”
Faddy sits smiling. “You did accomplish something breaking the teacup into four separate pieces. The purpose is to separate the teaspoon from the mud, without breaking the teacup. Please fetch another tea bowl for your fairy performance.” Walcott aims his rock at the tea bowl pile when one floats to him. He sits frowning at the tea bowl.
I giggle studying my teacup from yesterday. The spoon sticks straight up towards the ceiling. The mud is bright gray harder than my breakfast bread crust. I gingerly touch the mud still hard from yesterday. I exhale with determination.
Gable says. “If I shift the teaspoon by .00007 inches today, since no one has done that yet, will I get a prize, Mentor Faddey? We came from Mentor Oviv’s session. She has a fairy performance and give out a prize.”
Faddey sips his tea, nodding. “I am acutely familiar with Mentor Oviv’s gainful employment of physical rewards for some of her more difficult fairy performances which is or is not encouraged. And I abstain. However if you shift the teaspoon by .00007 inches the mud will not crack. The mud will delicately separate from the teacup then tenderly rise like a tiny dust cloud of gray ash in coolness. Then the tiny particles of gray ash will mix with the air molecules allowing my nostrils to sniff the fresh soot of victory for the moment of the lucky fairy, today. Of course, the victory will short lived until the end tip of the rounded spoon has been completed retrieved from the fossilized mud.”
Molfalso grins. “What’da ya get when the spoon is removed, Mentor Faddey?”
He smirks. “That is the purpose of Teacup class. One inch is measured in twelfths. One/twelfth of an inch equal .08 inches. Half of one/twelfth of an inch is .04 inches. Half of a half of one/twelfth is .02 inches. The teacup length is three inches. The most any on fairy has ever popped out from the fossilized mud is .02 inches of the .08 inches in one/twelve of an inch of measurement. Please begin!”
“What in the fig did he just say?” Radford looks at Molfalso.
Molfalso shakes his skull at his tea bowl.
I giggle placing my rock underneath the teacup as my hands hold the teacup steady, without breaking the delicate china bone material. I close my eyelashes, exhaling then inhaling. I hear a tiny pop blinking open my eyelashes.
A puff of gray ash rises from the mud coming from the outer circle of mud surrounding the curved edge of the teacup when I hold my breath. I jerk my hand from the side of the teacup holding the teacup in place under the rock then pull on the teaspoon. Nothing!
I smile viewing Faddy.
He nods then sips his tea smelling within his nostrils the plume of fossilized mud, too.
I giggle scanning down my table of females. Each girl has their eyelashes closed facing the pretty flower pattern wall of peeling paper. I giggle surrounding my teacup with my hands for a second time exhaling and waiting for another pop sound of stinky ash.

Persia’s room. lunchtime.
I sit on the loveseat perching the rock on my fingertips. I slowly smooth my hand over the rock. All the edges are smooth rounded and curvy after sculpturing the rock for one day and a half.
Yachel bangs both our food trays through the archway advancing to me. “Lunch! It smells like meatloaf. I love dead cow, dead pig, and dead chicken, sometimes all at the same time,” giggles. She places the trays on the low table tossing the lid to the floor then eats with fork and spoon.
I rake my hand over the rock. “Do not create another pothole for my naked feet.”
“Sorry!” She studies the flooring with tiny holes divining into the food. “Persia, eat!” She chews. “You can play with the rock in enchantment class, the purpose of enchantment class.”
I exhale placing the rock on the window seal then dive into my food. I chew. “I get an ash pop from my teacup, tonight.
She spits food. “Naw.”
I chew. “Yeah! It popped into a very small smoke bomb of gray ash. Faddy even nodded to me.”
“Naw,” chews Yachel.
“Yeah!” I nod. “I’m beginning to understand. The rock and I are connected like the mentors are teaching us over and over, again. When I finally sculpture down all the rough colored magenta rock into a smooth gleaming stone my rock will be purple like my mama says,” lifts the rock. “The purple color is justice. That’s my personality power. See! It’s looking like a purple rock in the sunlight.”
Yachel swallows then presents her rock. “My rock is a pale blue color. If your shaving theory is correct my rock will be a pale yellow or white finishing my sculpture.”
I frown with puzzlement at her rock then my rock. “Uh! Yes. No. Yes. Maybe!?”
She eats tossing the rock on the floor with a thud. “Forget the color of the rock! Concentrate on the power. Ya did a good job not cracking the goblet in Gem class.”
“I got lucky. Oviv said to take our time, so I did.”
“What are going to do with the second rock?”
“I’m going to think about it, later. We’re late for enchantment class.”

Enchantment class. 1:03 am.
I sit at the table with Yachel with my rock inside the pocket.
Mentor Kaapo fans her gem wave around the room touching each table. I see a round brown seedling beside an orange-colored flower pot with no soil in front of me.
Yachel giggles. “Remove warts, yesterday. Grow flowers, today. I guess I’ll being picking my boogers, tomorrow,” swishes her hand on the reader-table flipping through the pages for the correct verb-noun combination.
Kaapo smiles and scans the faces. “Grow me some flowers! This is a very easy enchantment. After you have completed it you may keep the flower pot or give the flower pot to someone else. Then please start sculpturing your rock into a gem stone which is the more important purpose of you and class,” exits out the doorway.
Yachel places the seed inside the pot frowning with frustration. “Groot florina!” she views the seedling. Nothing happens. She frowns swishing through the pages on the table.
I giggle and place the seedling into my pot when the hand appears. It drops numerous seedlings into my flower pot when I smile. Two strong biceps wrap around my arms when I giggle. The hand holds and hovers the brown rock over my flower pot when the voice says above my skull. “Coltium florina,” the seedling pops open. One pink rose bud appears then starts blooming into full petals. “Coltium florina,” when a second seedling pops open. A yellow rose bud appears then starts blooming into full petals. Britton hovers his rock over the growing flowers repeating the word to the seedlings. “Coltium florina. Coltium florina. Coltium florina. Coltium florina.” All the seedlings into my flower pot pop into various colored rose buds forming a big bouquet of flowers, when I giggle and smile.

Flute class. 2:09 pm.
I gallop into the room after leaving my floral arrangement from Britton inside my sleeping suit ignoring the loud musical noise in each corner of the walls. Sondson sits on the platform dangling his feet. “Good morning! You can advance into the meadow calling your unicorn for the daily ride if you have successfully signaled your beast. Or you advance into the meadow trying, again.”
I walk to the pile of flute in the corner grabbing then inspect the rusty holes and smeared mouth piece. “Ugh! This is thing either clean or sanitary…”
Yachel grabs one of the flutes swinging at her leg. “Toss it into the air then use your rock to play the song of with the four notes or sing the musical chords C, D, E, and B,” giggles.
“I can sing the song. But I don’t like having to wear my itchy dress and sandals,” stepping down the broken steps, when Yachel changes into her jeans using her rock necklace. Then I copycat her clothing style. I stand in the middle of meadow within a semi-crooked line of students tossing the flute into the air. It magical hangs in the air when I wiggle my hand. It plays the musical notes. I hear the rumble of hoofs before the foreheads of mane. I smile, calling. “Komilly, come here. Let’s go galloping to the pond, again,” the unicorn walks to me. I pat her forehead. I walk beside her stomach positioning my rock over her boney spine then stop. I view Yachel sitting on her unicorn inside a saddle with reins. “We’re not supposed to ride with a saddle as a fairy.”
“I ride with a nice thick leather saddle against my tender fanny,” Yachel yells riding away from me.
I exhale studying the bony spine of the unicorn then giggle. I rub the rock onto the bony spine when a saddle and reins appears like yesterday. I struggle upon the spine then settle into the thick leather, smiling. I turn the unicorn facing Britton.
He plays the flute then stops. He views the hilltop. I feel sad. He can’t find the right pitch to signal his unicorn on the second day. I gently steer my beast near him. He stops playing, smiling at me. I drop to the dry grass. “Do ya wanna ride with me on my unicorn for the day?”
He frowns with puzzlement fingering the object. “You’re not supposed to use a saddle.”
I nod. “I know but...”
“You should remove the saddle being a fairy.”
I smile. “Only today, I’ll go bare back riding tomorrow. Are you sure that you don’t wanna come with me for a quick ride today?”
He views the grass, shaking his skull. “Naw! Go on!” he views me, smiling. “I’ll be along in a little while. I should have better luck after practicing all day yesterday.”
I smile fingering the east. “I’ll be near a pond in the east. That way! Komilly likes the water.”
“Ya named your unicorn.”
I pat her neck nodding. “We’re good friends.”
“See ya, later.”
I kick the grass then smile. “Ya know I can stay here with you while you play the flute looking for your unicorn.”
He looks behind his collar bone shaking his skull. “Naw!” He frowns at me. “You can’t. This is the purpose of Flute class. I’ll get right today. I promise. Go on!”
I nod smiling. “Okay! I be waiting and watching by the pond. Okay! Later, Britton,” climbing onto the saddle. I turn towards the east galloping away. I look back viewing Britton. He waves and smiles at me. I smile seeing Gable, Apella, and some of the other unlucky teens play the flute watching for their unicorn.

Pond. 2:15 pm.
I giggle and gallop over two hills then see the pond. Molfalso, Yachel, Zann, and Walcott stand under the shade tree, talking.
Walcott frowns at me. “Where’da ya learn to ride a beast?”
“From me!” Yachel frowns at him. “Persia’s a natural horse woman. My daddy taught both of us to ride old unicorns and elderly farm tractors,” winks at Persia. “Right, darling?”
“Right, doll!” I giggle.
Walcott smirks. “Well then, maybe we can see some of Persia’s fancy riding skills for ourselves ‘cuz I don’t believe Yachel. She lies too dang much. How about we race from here to over yonder to that oak tree? The winner of the single beasty race gets Persia’s second colored rock.”
I frown with puzzlement. “My color rock’s magenta. No one here got that specific color inside the gem cave. My rock would be useless to all of ya’ll.”
Walcott nods. “No ma’am! That there rock is very valuable in more than one way.”
I frown. “Like how?”
Walcott smiles. “It be pretty like Persia. It be powerful with earth minerals. It be traded...”
Molfalso nods. “Walcott won his debate. Ya wanna race or not, Persia? You draw?”
I frown then smile then nod. “Okay! Fine! I wanna race. What do I win?”
Molfalso laughs. “Girl, ya ain’t going to win. I be beasty-man in the Fairyland.”
I frown at Yachel. She winks then views her hands and then views the sky. Finally, I nod to Molfalso, grinning. “I’ll take that bet with Molfalso losing. Now! What do I get for winning?”
Yachel says. “How about Molfalso’s second colored rock?”
I drop my mouth the smile. He frowns with worry. I giggle saying. “Naw! I told ya’ll that rock only works for the fairy. But I do have a special request for when I win from Molfalso. Are ya fairy enough,” giggles with the others.
Walcott slaps Molfalso bicep, chuckling. “Are ya fairy enough?”
Molfalso snorts. “I will win. I will get that color rocked. What’s your request that will not be address, Persia?”
I giggle back stepping my unicorn from the huddle. I tilt my head to the right. “Over here! We talk in private.” Molfalso snorts riding behind me. I stop when he scoots next to me. I smile. “If I win this race beating you then you help Britton get his unicorn. You be the best beasty-man in Fairyland. I guess herding one single tiny unicorn towards one single little prince is peasy easy. Right, fairy?” he grins then nods. I nod not smiling. “Excellent,” spitting on my hand then extend to him. “We got a deal, fairy prince.”
He nods. “We got a deal, fairy princess,” shakes my hand.
We walk back to the tree.
I nod, smiling at the huddle of teens. “We be ready. Who’s going to race against me?”
Walcott yells. “Yahoo! All of us. Get in line! No fairy rock dust either. This is a race of the beasties and their masters or mistresses.”
Molfalso, Yachel, Walcott, and Persia line up along the valley.  Zann says. “I be the referee and judge of the winner. Okay! Everyone is ready!”
Yeah!” we sing in unison as the unicorn dance side to side with nervousness.
“Everyone is in position.”
“Yeah!” we sing.
Zann shouts. “Everyone go!”
I kick her stomach, yelling. “Yee-haw! Yee-haw!”
Walcott slaps the reins to the rump of his unicorn when the beast rears.
Yachel waits one second allowing Persia to win the race.
Molfalso and I are neck to neck running down the hill. The unicorns gallop up the hill beside each other. We ride down the hill even with the nose holes of our beasts.
We climb the steep terrain with the oak tree over the hill then down into the wildflower bed as a yellow unicorn stomps up the hill.
Apella halts at the peak of hill waving both arms at us.
I gasp. She’s in direct line of our stampede. Molfalso jerks the reins and unicorn away from Apella on her unicorn. I’m winning the race slightly ahead by a nostril muzzle, when I touch my rock. I create a thin line of magenta barely floating the hoofs off the grass.
Apella screams falling sideways off her unicorn onto the grass when the unicorn drops onto its kneecaps.
My wave pulls us above and over the fallen unicorn and Apella when I sob with tears of joy from a tragedy.
Apella stands and shouts waving her arms. “You almost killed me, Persia. I’m telling my mama. I’m telling Mentor Daffodil. I’m telling everyone...,” when Yachel races by Apella kicking her boot at her. Apella drops to the grass then slowly wobbles to stand. She waves her arms at Yachel, shouting. “You almost murdered me, Yachel. I’m telling my mama. I telling mentor Daffodil. I’m telling everyone...”
I gallop Komilly over the thin line of magenta wave when she slides towards the side. I leap off her back towards the opposite side rolling over the grass as my wave breaks into tiny magenta fragments. Komilly lands on the grass kicking and bucking getting her balance upright on the solid soil. She gallops around in circles calming her excitement.
I roll on my back muscles studying the blue sky, panting and hearing Yachel.
She yells. “Persia. You’re down. Are ya dead? Are ya hurt?” She jumps off her unicorn running to me. She shakes my body. “Are ya dead?”
I exhale closing my eyelashes. “Fine!”
She exhales landing over me. “I sorry.”

Persia’s room. second level. suppertime. 5:16 pm.
I hold the flower pot deciding where to display my roses when Yachel enters the room. “Get dressed for our dates!”
I sit the flowers on the night stand, smiling. “Getting dressed takes 1.2 seconds of my time.”
“Get showered!” she giggles touching the roses. “Did you actually bath your body? ‘Cuz your jeans still contain grass stains from your train wreck with Apella. I can’t believe you didn’t whack her off with the hoofs or the wave beam or your boot heel. I think Britton likes ya.”
I rub my rock over my legs when I appear in a clean t-shirt, a pair of faded and shredded jeans and my favorite pair of cowgirl boots still dirty. Then I add my pink cape frowning at Yachel. “Whack Apella off! Ya know I don’t like her person but I can’t think of a good enough reason not to whack her off,” giggles. “I enjoyed sneaking around the building last night. Are we going to get into trouble for using the old staircase then exploring the watcher station?”
She turns towards the door saying. “More like get killed, those planks are dangerously rotten,” walking with her. “You need to form a wave with your rock.”
“A wave like the mentors do. I’m not that advanced.”
“It’s easy!” she holds her rock between hands facing the hallway. “Just think wave,” when her rock emits a single thin pale blue beam on the floor.
I nod holding my rock between my hands. “Just think wave,” when my rock emits a very thin and broken line of magenta.
She exhales. “Needs a little more work! Think of a straight thick line of color.” I walk with Yachel holding my rock when the beam straights into a thin fine line into the wall. It shatters the rotten wood creating sawdust. She grins. “Much better!” She opens the door as we stand in darkness. Yachel lifts her rock towards the ceiling when a thin vertical line of pale blue color hits the balcony ceiling. She says. “I’m going to use the wave like a rope helping to jump over the rotten planks. You do the same. And don’t fall down, cuz i don’t have a rescue plan.”
“Britton!”
“Naw! He’ll get into serious trouble if he totes you from the watcher station injured. Okay! So do not fall down and broke an arm or a leg.”
I exhale with nervousness. “Don’t know.”
“I do know that I wanna see Stad.”
I grin. “I wanna see Britton,” raising my rock over my head. A thin line of magenta hits the balcony causing some of the wood to fall down over my feet. I swing out of the way.
Yachel swings up then sideways in the darkness when her face and cap fly into the pale blue beam. I narrow my eyelashes seeing her on the balcony as she shines the rock into her face, smiling.
I exhale grabbing the magenta beam then fly it to the left ricocheting off the wall then flying to the right bouncing off the floor. I soar up hitting and bouncing off the wall and the staircase. I peek-a-boo my face over the balcony floor when Yachel helps me to stand. I exhale giggling, straightening my cape and looking down into darkness. “Ya know the staircase isn’t going to last much longer with our double boot toe abuse.”
She nods scooting around the pot holes of the balcony. “I’ve already concluded that misery fact. But we’re novices with the wave beam until we get really good with the wave beam.”
I slide away from the open potholes. “When will that be?”
She giggles. “Starting tomorrow in Gem class,” guides down the easterly wing of the watcher station meeting Stad.
“O!” I giggle standing along at the westerly wing, smiling at Britton. 
He smiles opening his arms standing beside our pole, when I carefully step over potholes along the balcony. I giggle cuddling into his chest. “How’da ya get here before me?”
He kisses my forehead then pulls back, grinning. “Do ya really wanna know?”
I giggle. “Do you use the staircase too?”
He kisses my nose then pulls back, smiling. “Are you shore that you really wanna know?”
I giggle. “The staircase is the only access point into the watcher station which goes up from the bottom.”
He kisses my lips for a while then pulls back, chuckling. “Are you absolutely positive that you really wanna know how I get up here into the watcher station?”
I nod giggling. “Yeah!” He cuddles me extending his arm. His rock releases a brown wave beam over the side of the railing among the invisible the air waves, when I drop my mouth. “That’s beautiful.”

Watcher station. night time. clear sky. stars. 5:46 pm.
The watcher station is a covered balcony, without glass windows. There are thin wooden poles holding up the rooftop. He scoops me into his chest lifting me from the floor. He kicks the rotten planks with his boot toe grinning and chuckling. I drop my mouth watching his movements.
Britton stomps onto the carpet of thick brown wave of illumination which is slightly lighted against the dark sky, smiling. I wrap my arms around his waist hearing his chuckles. He stands sideways with me in his arms on the fluttering airborne vertical wave. I feel the cold breeze on my hands and cheekbones not hiding inside his cape. He chuckles standing still.
I scan the air seeing nothing then the ground below seeing tiny plant shadows from the full moon’s light. I scan the skyline stars seeing their brightness like I’m alone with them. I smile at him saying with nervousness. “This is so cool! I’m hovering like a bird. Are we in danger?”
Britton releases me when I fall vertical down towards the ground in shock. I don’t even scream then the wave catches me. The wave lifts me up as Britton grabs my hand. He pulls me into his chest holding me. I shake and quiver with fear. “I sorry,” tenderly whispers Britton. “I shouldn’t have done that. I was showing off. A wave is truly safe to float and travel upon for one person. But it requires much more experience for two. I sorry,” pulls back from me, not smiling. “Are you mad?”
I quiver from his touch and my falling excitement. “Naw! I...,” swallow the nervousness. “I...trust you.”
He cuddles me. “Thank you!” He kisses my forehead then my nose then my lips.

Day 3.
Persia’s suite. night time. 3:03 am.
“I do not like you,” the alto voice shouts from the wall, when I blink my eyelashes staring at ceiling. I do not scream.
I upright inside the bed studying the female spirit.
She wears a long dress with a bonnet in translucent glowing white against the dark wall.
I view the second color rock guarding the floor at the closed door archway then view her. She floats in the air, without attacking me. I sneer. “How’da ya get in here, spirit?”
She sneers. “You cannot harm me.”
I sneer back then jerk my necklace pitching at her. The neckline hits her chest when she yells flying backwards into the wall. She disappears out of my room. I exhale studying the magenta rock, an earth rock. “She can come inside my room through the walls. I know what to do,” exhales then roll out of bed, yawning.
I slowly walk to my tossed necklace picking it up. Then I slide into the reader-card placing my gem stone into the pocket.
A page of words appears on the tray.
I study the listing rubbing out sleepy crumbs and drooling mouth spit. “The verb-noun combo for no spirits is…is…is,” seeing and yawning. “No spirito. Figures,” wiping the words clean from my reader-tray and removing my stone.
The wall goes white, again.
I stumble from the reader-chair slamming into the wall. “No spirito,” rubbing my rock over the wall. I move every five feet along the wall of my room space rubbing the rock along the peeling paint and a few spider webs. “No spirito, tarto,” yawning.

Banquet hall. 7:49 am.
I run on naked feet holding my sandals dragging my cape over the rough floor when it catches inside the rough edge of the pothole. I yawn and jerk the fabric hearing a tear then scoot into the chair, dressing my feet and shoulders.
Yachel giggles and winks at Persia. “Another late dining date with Captain Robert...”
I exhale viewing my plate with bread crumbs, not the bread. I frown at Yachel. “Ya ate my bread...”
“...with the creamy rich butter, too.” Yachel giggles and chews. “I figured you and Capt Robert had a good fight, ya slept late and couldn’t possibly finish your breakfast before morning Fairy tales session. Why waste good eating food?”
Zann giggles. “I get Persia’s bread, tomorrow.”
Yachel drops her mouth. “You ate Apella’s bread this morning when she slept in late like a princess. Ah, naw! One stolen piece of bread per fairy,” winks at me.
I drop my mouth shaking my curls. “Ah naw! I be here breaking and eating my bread. This is a princess proclamation. No one touches my bread and butter tomorrow or the next tomorrow or the future tomorrows.”
Apella yawns, covering her mouth. “I got a visit from Captain Robert last night, too. Does he travel into each sleeping suite bothering every single sleeper, every night? There are about 200 fairies in this place.”
Zann giggles. “Not me!”
“Me either, neither, never.” Yachel giggles, chewing.
I press my finger to my plate then lick the bread crumbs for nourishment. “Yachel doesn’t count. She can sleep thought a nasty weather storm and I’ve eye witnessed that uncanny ability. I got a visit from someone spirit named Lady Margaret, last night.”
Apella yawns then sours. “You and Yachel have sleepovers like little girls.”
“Like little fairies...,” pressing my finger into Yachel’s plate for bread crumbs, sucking down the food, giggling.
Yachel nods. “I will repeat ya’ll. Spirits do not like fairies. You should wear your rock necklace at all times including bedtime, Persia...”
I frown at Yachel. “I wore my necklace, tart. The spirit didn’t hover over my face like Captain Robert did. She exited through the wall.”
Yachel stands, laughing. “All spirits do, darling!”

Fairy Lore. 8:16 am.
Ibbie stands against her wall with a page of words. “There are numerous rules for the fairy and the gem stone. Rule number one: you cannot produce an item out of thin air with the stone like a witch.”
Molfalso frowns. “I produced a saddle and a set of reins on my unicorn yesterday out of thin air,” when I halt my reader-chair from swirling to him. I study Ibbie.
She frowns with puzzlement. “An interesting statement, Master Molfalso. A fairy rides a unicorn without a saddle and reins, since the fairy can control the unicorn’s pace, speed, and distance.”
He frowns raising his fingers. “One, I ain’t a fairy prince, yet. Two, my riding pace is faster than fastest. Three, I ain’t ever riding a beast without a saddle on its boney spine, if ya know what I mean down below and behind,” elbows and laughs with his buddies.
I giggle and nod when my arm heats on the tray. I see Yachel’s sentence.
Ibbie has never ridden a unicorn, a horse or a...
I wipe the tray then fingernail....Understood. Do not get me into trouble.
What trouble!!!
I wipe the tray then view Ibbie. She says. “Rule number one: you cannot produce an item out of thin air. The saddle and reins come by way of the stable brownie at the stables that cares for the beasts not you, Master Molfalso. The stable brownie attends to the unicorn when the fairy signals for the riding items. The brownie produced the gear not you, Master Molfalso,” she giggles, when he chuckles. He whispers into his buddy’s ear.
I fingernail write...I did not know.
Yachel fingernail writes...I did. We employ lots of stable brownies on my farm.
Ibbie says. “Rule number two: you cannot turn a fairy into a toady frog or a rose flower or another object. Rule number three: you cannot produce food items either. The kitchen brownie will see to you hungry needs. Rule number four: you cannot influence a fairy’s mind with your gem stone or an enchantment charm. Rule number five: you cannot influence a human’s mind either. This is good information to remember for the fairy wishing to carry on the controller’s role as honored by the Fairy Queen, centuries ago.”
Gable asks. “Why not?” I allow my reader-chair to swirl to him. He says. “We’re smarter, stronger and superior to humans. We’re cleaner, calmer, and more caring then humans.”
Ibbie says. “An interesting statement, Master Gable,” when my chair swirls to her. “Yes. A fairy is smarter, stronger and superior to a human simply because we possess an array of supernatural powers. However there are other supernatural beings that live on Planet Earth with humans and us. But we live in Fairyland. The human lives in the human world.” I swish my hand over the tray flipping the pages of the book looking for a human. The reading material is inside my rock I can look ahead within the book or wait for Ibbie’s lecture. Ibbie says. “Let us go off primary lecture and discuss the humans. They come in various sizes and shapes, smell, and suck up the natural resources of the planet,” when my hand heats.
I view the tray where Yachel’s sentence forms.
What is up with the three matching ‘s’ sounds?
I giggle covering my mouth then fingernail write….It’s super sleek, slick.
Ibbie says. “They are selfish, stubborn, and starved for unlimited power.”
I see Yachel’s sentence.
More ‘s’ sounds!
I grin fingernail writing…It’s slightly shallow, sugar.
Ibbie says. “They are vile and vicious varmints.”
I view Yachel’s sentence.
What’s a vile vicious varmint?
Ibbie says. “This is the nature of humans. This is the nature of their human world. This is the natural explanation for avoiding humans.”
I view Yachel’s sentence.
I got a nature call, too.
I giggle covering my mouth then fingernail write…Stop it!
Zann says. “My parents are controllers, too,” when my chair swirls to her. “They work in the human world. They have mentioned that the world was pretty and beautiful and filled with amazing things. Fairyland is not. The nightly ocean floods the landscape with salt eating away the fertile soil, the pretty flowers, the green grass, the food crops. What are we to do when our landscape disappears?”
Gable says. “This is our home,” when my chair swirls to him. He says. “This is our Academy. This is our landscape. This is our problem,” laughs with the others.
Ibbie says. “An interesting statement for a second time, Master Gable! Rule number six,” when my chair swirls to her. “You can produce a gem wave which can transverse across a great distance as long as you do not run into a thunder storm,” giggles. “Therefore the gem wave is used for short-term traveling. We normally use a flying coach or a unicorn or a winged horse for massive transportation of distance. Rule number seven: you can cause damage, destruction or death with a gem wave, if you are a careless fairy,” she nods when I gasp along with the others. She waves her hand when the walls turn white. She removes her gem stone. “Time has ended. You are dismissed.”

Hallway.
Yachel and I exit into the hallway. I frown with worry. “That was an intense hot topic in Fairy Lore today.”
“What about the landscape destruction regarding food and livestock? Zann’s right and I like to eat both dead plant food and dead animals,” Yachel giggles.
Britton struts ahead then spins around grinning. I stop grinning when he swings into the archway for Gem class.

Gem class. 10:02 am.
I follow him through the dark tunnel under the bleachers into the open theater of children’s toys. On the opposite wall there are neatly separated piles of toys consisting of single items: a doll, a train, a beach ball, a tricycle. I scoot on the first row bumping into Britton’s shoulder since I can’t kiss his face. He chuckles then bumps my shoulder when I giggle.
Oviv stands before us inside the bleachers, grinning. “Good morning, students. You have become more intimate with your talents including fairy speed. We practiced that yesterday. Each one of you did an excellent job. The fairy speed is usually used for short land distances. You cannot fly with fairy speed, without a pair of wings. We do not have wings. The fairy speed is so fast that it appears that we are invisible, clearly not. But it appears that way. The fairy speed is wonderful to have and use but it has limited endurance. Hmm! I have not clocked it but a fairy can run a full fairy speed for about two hours continuously. If the fairy rests for one hour then she can start running again. You can see the disadvantage of fairy speed from a traveling transport. You would not traverse too far if you lived over two hours from your departure building. Therefore a fairy uses a flying coach. Any questions on fairy speed?” She waits then nods. “Good! Fairy speed can be used anytime and anywhere depending on the situation. It is not a destruction power or a harmful power, only a matter of protection power. A long time ago, the fairy speed worked to her advantage when being tracked by predators,” raises her palm, grinning. “I will repeat, a long time ago. You are slowly learning in Fairy Lore that fairies have existed since the beginning of time. We are a peaceful bunch of folks living with uncivilized heathens. You will learn more in your future Fairy Lore sessions. Now! Back to the rock! Your rock is becoming increasingly shiny bright while slowly turning into a gem stone. Today you will make the rock work for you. The final beauty of the pretty gem stone flows the power from within to outward. Today we flow your powers through the rock for your little exercise. The rock is the tool for your powers. Without the rock, you don’t work. We are not witches or vampires or werewolves. We are fairies…”
“Yay!” Apella cheers and claps.
Oviv nods, giggling. “Yay! The rock produces a single wave associated with the color of the rock. A red rock is red. A blue rock is blue. A pale yellow rock shoots a color wave of pale yellow. The single wave can be long or short, thick or thin or flat or ripped depending upon your talent skill. You are novices. I expect your wave skill to be non-perfect, today. Please stand and find a spot along the outside of the bleachers,” the students shift into the theater.
I stand next to Britton, grinning and smiling at him. He demonstrated his skill last night with his wave. It was straight, not strong. I used my wave, not thick but thin climbing from the ground floor into the fifth floor watcher station. So I’m pretty good with my wave, so far.
Oviv fingers the wall. “Today, another exercise with lighter objects simply because I do not want to be injured,” giggles. “On the far wall are toys for a child. You can see some of the toys a doll, a ball, a tricycle. I would like for you to kneel onto the floor. You will position your rock at your kneecaps allowing the wave to skim the carpet toward the toy hopefully in a straight line from point A, you to point B, the toy. You can select any toy. I would suggest a lightweight toy like the doll or the beach ball as you get the feel for the wave and your skill. This is not a timed event. This is a learning environment.”
Gable asks. “Does one get another chance of a second rock if we grab all the toys at once then scoot them below our kneecaps?”
Kuelle nods, smiling. “Can I get a second rock if I grab all the toys and be the first one to finish my task, the greatest and fastest?”
Oviv giggles. “This exercise is not timed. You are not competing against anyone but your rock,” giggles. “This is a learning environment, Miss Kuelle. However both are excellent exercises for performance. And you may try to perform that feat, Master Gables. If you succeed I will reward a second rock for the fairy with their exception single wave whip,” giggles. “I will park behind the bleachers watching and assisting with any advice. You will find out that my words sound easy, the task is not. Go!”
I exhale landing on the carpet. I pose my rock into front of my knees. I do not close my eyelashes since I need to see the individual toys. I want a third color rock for my sleeping suite for keeping out the nosy spirits. I will start with the biggest object then rake in the lighter objects. I shoot my magenta thin wave towards the tricycle. The wave connects echoing back through the wave like a ripple from the dense metal actually stinging my hands with a throbbing pain.
I exhale in pain scanning the line of fairies. Some students shake their hands in the air from their echo too. Some students wear tough faces concentrating on each toy.
Britton corrals the tricycle with his wave then expands his brown beam herding the other toys into the whip motion, when I giggle. The toys are not alive running around just sit stationary. His wave surrounds the tricycle, the train, the arm of the dolly, not the ball which has reacted to the energy. The ball runs to the side out of wave range.
I giggle.
The wave of Apella smashes into the doll then whips into the air. She whips her wave up and down with her hands as the doll rides the air for fun.
The wave of Gable nicely hits the train then curves around the bicycle. He studies the wave trying to figure out how to wrap it around the other toys.
The wave of Yachel has already hit and collected the doll. The doll sits at her kneecaps. She has smashed into the train as it slowly rides her pale blue wave.
I giggle thinking Yachel’s method is the best. It is not a good idea to corral all the toys since we are restricted with a low height. I smile dragging the heavy tricycle slowly over my wave without rippling it. The tricycle lands at my kneecaps. I whip the shorten wave to my side landing the tricycle out of my range. I whip a new wave back retrieving the doll, the train, and then the ball.
Oviv says. “The majority of the students have finished the task. Once you have accumulated all the toys from the opposite wall then please replace the toys back to the original side.” I replace the toys along with the other students. “Good! In the center of the ceiling is a wheel barrow. Please bring it down onto the carpet then lay each toy inside, gently. Then I would like for you to do the opposite movement. I do believe that you clearly understand the wave exercise. After you have played with the wheel barrow and the toys we will move outside with your wheel barrow then lifts some flowers, rocks then boulders. Please continue to impress me!”

Teacup class. 11:11 am.
I sit my broken chair in the upright after rubbing my power and the rock over the shorten leg, as usual.
The teacup occupies my hands around the rough china, closing my eyelashes.
I hear the pop smelling the nasty ash float into my nostrils.
I smirk and blink my eyelashes open seeing Faddy.
He nods to me then sips his tea.
I study the mud seeing an additional .02 inch of one/twelfth of a tiny inch of the shallow circle around the stick of the teaspoon. The teacup lip is three inches long or 144 pops. It didn’t double the width of the mud from yesterday. I simply popped away another .02 ash of one/twelfth of an inch. If I continue to pop only one/twelfths of an inch every afternoon from the silver stick then I’ll be sitting inside the broken chair another for 142 days or 4 months and eight days.
I scan the table of girls. Yachel sits next to me spying on the mud. It is not cracked or broken. Then I slowly dart my eyeballs to Zann on the other side. Her mud hasn’t cracked either.
I grin and giggle sitting here for another 142 days doesn’t seem so bad.

Persia’s room. lunchtime.
I chew. “I think me and the rock have a better connection or togetherness since I feel my fairy powers flow faster from within to outward. I believe that’s why I got the teacup to pop, today...”
“Ya been shining that rock more combing your hair.”
I brush my messy hair, giggling. “And I got my fossilized mud to pop. That’s the key to retrieving the teaspoon. My shiny stone will get me out of Teacup class.”
Yachel drops her mouth. “Naw!”
“Yes. Mentor Faddy said the purpose of Teacup class is retrieving the spoon, without breaking the teacup. I got it pop today. Tomorrow, I’ll get it pop more times. Then hopefully by the end of the month I can retrieve the spoon. Then I got out of Teacup class.”
Yachel drops her fork and her mouth.
I wipe my mouth from the food particles, grinning. “Time from another enchantment,” giggles.

Enchantment class. 1:06 am.
Yachel leans into me. “If we’re required to grow a nasty toenail inside this eating plate I’ll become a human,” when I giggle.
Kaapo says. “You have a plate with a small sack which is folded into a tiny one-inch square. Please swell the bag to full height. There will a wonderful surprise waiting for you. I’ll be grabbing a beverage. Good luck,” exits the room.
Yachel touches the square, frowning with confusion. “Swell the bag!” she lifts it into the air. “What in the world is inside a tiny folded bag? It betta not be an army of ants either,” swishes the tray. “Swell is…”
I exhale studying the bag grinning.
Yachel reads out loud. “Backboneno. Badgee. Ballo. What is another word for a bag?”
“Uh!” I view Britton. He and Hadwin are whispering over the one-inch square. “Uh!”
“Look at the table of words, not him. This stumps the geniuses, too. Apella and Gable don’t know what to do either. What’s another word for a bag?” 
I exhale viewing the square. “Purse. Luggage. Suitcase. Pouch. Tote. Sack.”
Yachel fingers the table with the listing of word. “Sacko! Yeah!” she fist-bumps with me. “Why do all the nouns end in a vowel?”
“Ya be a smart-o for that one, darling-ee,” I giggle. “What’s the verb?”
“Looking. Swell is swelltis. Okay! The words are swelltis sacko,” rubbing her hand on the rock and touching the square bag. The square doesn’t rise when she frowns, nodding. “That’s the right verb-noun combo. Swelltis sacko.”
I giggle. “It’s a really tiny sack maybe each time you say it, the sack grows one-twelfth of an inch.”
Yachel exhales frowning with puzzlement. “We’ll be here all day depending on the height of the full sacko,” she touches the bag and rock. “Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko.”
I view Britton. He stills whispers with Hadwin. I frown at the square bag, touching the bag and my rock. I have to do my own exercise today. I say to the bag. “Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko,” stopping then study the bag. I squat viewing the plate eyeball level. “My sacko is defecto, tarto,” giggles. I scan each table then the students who all repeat the same verb-noun combination trying to swell their bags.
Yachel says. “Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko. Swelltis sacko,” frowns. She views me. “A trick or treat on us? I can’t figure it out,” when her sack swells swiftly from the plate up into the air.
I giggle watching my sack expand from a one-inch square into a perfect short square. My sack grows both in width and height expanding into a tall rectangle then its middle expands into a semi-circle. I grin as the sack swells taller and wider. “It works, perfectly.”
Apella screams. “No,” when I swing around then narrow my eyelashes at her and the spilling contents white colors.
I view my sack when it explodes into my face. My forehead, nose, and lips are hit with a salty particle then the particle lands on the floor. I squint at the white particle when more salty particles hit my cheekbones and lips.
Yachel yells tossing her arms. She giggles. “Popcorn. We’ve swollen a sack of cooking popcorn, successfully.”
I giggle studying my broken sack of white fully cooked popcorn reach then eat some of the food. The sack swells into a bigger oval tossing the popcorn into my face and over my head. I duck from the next attack giggling and scooping up popcorn.
Some of the teens gather then toss handfuls of popcorn at each other when Gable rubs his rock over his sack. The contents fly from the bag into the air landing on top of different teens.
Molfalso gets hit then sneers viewing Gable. He snorts advancing for some payback when Britton shoves the tall teen backwards, shaking his skull.
I giggle tossing popcorn at Yachel then eat laughing and having fun at the Academy while finding my purpose.

Flute class. 2:10 pm.
I leave Britton standing in the dry grass blowing his flute for a third time galloping along the forestland with Yachel. The unicorn races down the flat dry sand as I study each dilapidated watcher station.
I yank the reins when she slows then walks. “Why are there so many watcher stations? I have counted one about every twenty feet,” surrounding the sands of unicorn’s hoof prints behind me. “How far have we traveled from the Academy? How fast does a unicorn gallop? Why’s the soil sand here instead of grass?”
Yachel views the western plains of flat landscape of sand turning into dry tall weeds. She giggles. “Let’s see if can answer your many inquires. Fairy War. 75 miles. 50 miles-per-hour and the Fairy flood.”
I halt Komilly sliding from the saddle. “The fairy flood comes every night rolling salt water along the landscape,” squatting at the outside of the closest watcher station. “Don’t understand! The outside wood of the watcher station is in very good condition,” stands then walks to the entrance archway missing a door.
Yachel tosses her arm on the back of her unicorn. “Don’t! Do not go inside, Persia. I don’t feel like a princess rescue at the moment. The galloping and trotting exhausts both my lungs and my fanny with pain.”
I shake my curls studying the interior. “I’m not going inside a death trap. The inside ground level flooring has been eaten away by the mold, mildew, and moisture from the salt water flooding,” back stepping from the archway. I squat and touch the outer wood feeling smooth and polished. “The outer wood planks are smooth like it’s been sanded down by hand or something. I looked really beautiful before the flood and the sun and the sand. Don’t understand! Why hasn’t the outside wood rotten away long before the interior planks? That doesn’t make any sense to me.”
Yachel giggles. “And the Academy Teacup class doesn’t make any sense to me either but I gotta go tomorrow morning. We need to get back. We’ll be riding over an hour. It’ll take the same amount of time to return back to the classroom.”
I stand then back step from the watcher station. “Okay,” climbs onto the unicorn. “I don’t know much about the Fairy War. But I remembered Ibbie said that the fairies fought and won against the boggarts that were merely workers in the farm fields. Why were the watcher stations built way out here if the boggarts lived inside the farm fields near the center of the countryside?”
She says. “The watcher watches.”
I nod walking with her. “O! The watcher stations were used during and after the Fairy War. My parents are watchers too. They never ever talk about their fairy performance. I wonder if they would now since I’m inside the floating Academy.”
“Ask them?”
I gasp. “I do not ask my parents for anything. They tell me what to do, to wear, to eat, to sleep, and to too…”
“To too,” she giggles. “Is that a secret fairy language for number one, the pee or number two, the dump. O! The to two!” Yachel giggles.
“I’m…,”
“Race ya, Persia,” she gallops ahead of me.

Watcher station. 7:12 pm.
Britton shoots his wave into the ceiling planks making the hole bigger then kisses me as a reward of doing his hard work.
I frown with annoyance. “Britton, don’t annoy the rot. The entire rooftop might fall on us, second after we fall from the rooftop, first, while swimming…,” studying the landscape. I frown with puzzlement. “Why’s the ground dry?”
He studies the ceiling hole. “The flooding starts later.”
“What time later?” I study the landscape not leaning over the weak railing.
“Don’t know! About midnight or so I was told,” fires another shot from his rock. The hole enlarges then he kisses my hair roots, since I view the ground.
I frown with confusion. “The ocean and the moon control the high and low tides on planet Earth on a regular timed basis. The moon is at full peak time nicely shining through your rooftop hole. Why are shooting the ceiling? Shouldn’t the high tide be here now below the building?”
He studies the new hole dimensions. “Don’t know.”
“I do know. My mama likes to study the stars and stuff. At high tide the water smashes against the sand but it’s very strange to me that the water comes all the way into the Academy grass. We’re about ten miles or so from the shoreline. My house’s about the same distance from the shoreline too but it doesn’t flood like this, every single night. Anyways if it’s a regular timed high tide then it should be flooding right now here at the Academy.”
“Don’t know, “ fires the wave then kisses my hair roots.
Yachel and Stad scoot around the potholes then the wall corner hugging each other, seeing Persia and Britton. Stad frowns at the dropped and broken ceiling. “What’da ya doing, tart?”
Britton swings to me hugging me, moving from his newly formed messy ceiling expanded opening. He nods smiling. “Killing the dang spiders...”
I gallop then leap over the pothole into Yachel’s arms. “What!?”
Britton chuckles walking around the potholes, extending his arms. “Gimme me a good night kiss, doll!”
I giggle kissing his face.

Day 4.
Persia’s suite. night time. 3:05 am.
“We do not like you,” the tenor voice shouts from the wall.
I blink my eyelashes slapping my arms on the hard mattress, exhaling with frustration.
I sit up on my elbows inside the bed studying the male spirit.
He’s young wearing a jacket and boots in translucent glowing white against the dark wall.
I frown with frustration as he floats side to side, without advancing closer or harming me. I finger the walls. “I put a charm on the walls, sir. Why are you bothering me, young person? Go and annoy somebody else for the next hundred years.”
He sneers. “You are one of them. This is the reason for my haunting of your person. I am Sailor John and you cannot harm me.”
I drop my face into my hands rubbing the sleepy crumbs from the eye sockets. “Yeah! I understand from two early morning shows ago,” then grab and pitch my necklace at him.
The neckline hits his leg when he yells flying backwards into the wall, disappearing out of my room.
I exhale lying on the lumpy pillow feeling the rough torn fabric against my neck and back. “Why to do…,” giggles. “I know what to do,” rolling to the side feeling the rough torn fabric on the arms.
I giggle closing my eyelashes.

Banquet hall. 7:58 am.
I run on naked feet holding my sandals into Yachel coming out the banquet room inside the archway.
She giggles catching me. “Another late night date with your other boyfriend, Britton’s going to be jealous,” twists us towards the hallway. “Fairy tale time is this way, princess.” I yawn dancing side to side dressing my feet then straighten my cape, when she hands off the torn bread. She giggles eating the other half.
I eat, chewing.

Fairy Lore. 9:03 am.
I sit inside my reader-chair blind to Yachel and the mentor with closed eyelashes from lack of sleeping. I yawn covering my mouth then plant my elbows on top of the reader-tray. I lean my face into my cupped hands pretending to read about some ugly short monster glaring at me from my reader-tray. I close my eyelashes really catnapping.
The reader-chair swirls me into a brief relaxed catnap towards each vocal speaker as Ibbie and the teen debate about more Fairy farting lore.
Ibbie says. “A brownie appears very short in size…”
“…like Gabbie,” Radford fingers and laughs when I spin to him.
Ibbie says. “A brownie,” when I sleep and spin to her, “…has no fingers or toes. They possess dark brown skin with a set of wide eye socket with no irises, pretty much a small round lump of walking ugly flesh…”

50 minutes later.
I snooze and dream of Britton during the first half of the session, when my arm heats on the reader-tray.
I yawn covering my mouth, viewing the tray.
Yachel finger writes.
Wake up! Time’s up.
I yawn then giggle.
Ibbie says. “Time has ended. You are dismissed.”

Hallway.
Yachel touches my arm saying. “Are you awake enough to whip your wave around? Geez darling, I don’t wanna get stung from your sting. Ya know what I mean?” She giggles.
I giggle stretching and yawning. I smile, winking. “I’m back to the princess life. My short beauty sleep trip was all worth it. What’da I miss?”
“Another unbelievable fairy tale from Ibbie,” giggles Yachel.
I giggle walking under the tunnel for my next session.

Gem class. 10:05 am.
I scoot into Britton giggling then slide closer to his body on the bleachers, giggling.
He smiles, chuckling.
We are not allowed to show affection like hugging or kissing in any sessions but close body contact is not seem or heard by the mentor.
Oviv clears her throat standing in front of the bleachers. “Please seat and take a seat, literally on the dirty carpet,” giggles.
I stand walking behind Yachel from the bleachers then sit cross-legged on my cape upon the nasty dirty ripped ugly carpet with six colors of paint cans in front of my kneecaps.
Oviv stands to the side of the bleachers and carpet, nodding and saying. “The purpose of gem class is working your wave. You are slowly discovering the wave can be straight, bend, flexed in thin or thick formats. You can manipulate the wave in different media using tiny and small movements or big and tall strokes,” fingers the far wall. “Each student has one vertically very tall canvas in front of your aisle with the invisible lines for finger painting, not tongue spitting, Molfalso,” chuckles along with the students. She grins. “You are to paint a life-sized picture of anything or anyone or anywhere. This is an exercise of wave dexterity with a set of small objects. There are various paint brushes beside the paint cans of color from tiny finger-sized to medium goblet-sized to tall tree limb-sized to wide eating-plate sized to thick mop-sized. Please paint any object with desire or destruction! The purpose is controlling your rock wave. This is not a timed event or awarded with a colored rock. Please begin painting using your rock!”
I exhale viewing the blank canvas with my blank mind painting a life sized picture of anything or anyone or anywhere. I scan the line of students.
Yachel hums and twirls her rock nicely controlling the paint brush zooming it across the carpet with dripping paint. She slams into the white canvas with the mop-sized brush of color of orange.
Britton twirls his rock side to side with the tiny sized brush of black.
Gable swirls his rock up and down with the tall brush of green.
Apella spins her rock in a circle with the color of gold.
I scratch my forehead with sweat viewing my blank canvas.

Forty minutes later.
Oviv smiles and studies each canvas, fingering the first canvas. “Excellent art work, Master Gable! I see clearly a young pretty girl with long black hair.”
Molfalso shouts. “Persia,” chuckles with the other students. I gasp narrowing my eyelashes at the outline of the tall girl, without clothing. The outline shows her girly assets then I sneer at Gable.
Oviv views the students. “It is a portrait of a young girl. We will keep our inner thoughts, right there,” giggles with the students. She two-steps to the second canvas. “Excellent painting, Miss Apella! I clearly recognize the Fairy Queen.”
Radford fingers and frowns with puzzlement. “That’s our Fairy Queen. She looks like an old wrinkled water hag of grayish-blue with shredded clothes compliment of a hunger bear cub,” chuckles with the others.
Oviv nods. “Our Queen is very, very old and she does not spend gem stones on decorating her wardrobe like some of the other wealthier families in Fairyland,” shifts to Yachel. She nods, smiling. “An excellent orange unicorn! I like the colored touch of magenta on the curved horn, Yachel.” Yachel giggles at me when I give the thumbs up sign. Oviv moves beside me, frowning with puzzlement. “I recognize the green thick forest with tall trees. What are the representations of the blue, pink, red, yellow and green faint lights in the glowing in the navy skyline?” I frown with puzzlement at her.
Yachel says. “Persia has painted the colored rainbow of heavenly stars covering the starry sky every night, Mentor Oviv,” giggles and winks at me when I frown with confusion at Yachel.
Oviv narrows her eyelashes at Persia’s painting. “Colored stars, at nighttime!?” she chuckles. “I need explore the evening time night sky more often.”
Yachel leans into Persia. “Good cover, huh? She didn’t catch the reference to your star gazing.”
I whisper. “It’s not the stars…”
Yachel giggles. “I didn’t want her to catch the reference to our private star gazing, Persia,” when I frown and nod.
Oviv smiles fingering the picture. “We have many talented artists among the fifth class. We should start an art colony. Master Britton has painted a young girl, too.”
“Persia.” Radford chuckles fist-bumping his buddy when I smile at Britton. He smiles at me.
Oviv stomps to the next canvas then gasps. “What…is that ugly vile creature, Molfalso?”
He chuckles. “A fairy.”
She frowns with annoyance at the picture. “Fairies do not have back rear wings, long teeth fangs, shaped clawed feet and hands or a tail in dark wicked green color.”
He chuckles. “My fairy does.”

Teacup class.
I slide into my chair balancing the shorten leg, touching my teacup placing my rock under the bottom. My hands curve the sides.
I close my eyelashes whispering. “One second, two seconds, three seconds…,” when I barely hear the pop within my hearing range. My nose holes immediately smell the bitter plume of ash.
I giggle opening my eyelashes, viewing Faddey.
He salutes with his cup of tea smiling at me.

Persia’s room. lunchtime.
I stretch out on the loveseat with my naked feet on the low table. My skull rests against the rough fabric of the head rest of the loveseat with my eyelashes closed. I stroke the rock side to side smoothing the outer edges since I do not need my vision. I hover the fork of food on my left and the beverage on my right feeding my face with a second set of invisible arms.

Enchantment class. 1:09 am.
I stare at the item in front of my chest from mentor Kaapo.
She smiles and nods in front of the wall filled with a page of words. “Your new enchantment session. Please spin silk for me. I will return faithfully as always. Enjoy!” She exits the room.
Yachel brushes her hand over the reader-table flipping the pages. “Spin silk. Well, I can tell ya the noun is silko or silkee.”
I study the perfect circle of silver which is hollow and attached at the bottom to a mini-stand. Inside the circle is two inches of silk thread hanging from the top of the circle. I frown with confusion. “What is this?”
“A thread of silk.”
“What do you do with a thread of silk?”
She exhales studying the list of words. “Spin it into a picture or image of something within the circle. I bet the silk turns into my face,” giggles. “Then I can give it to my mama as a gift,” studies the listing of words. “Silkee, that’s the noun.”
I scan the room. Each student is quietly seeking the verb-noun combination or studying the thread. I glance at Britton. He and Hadwin are bumping heads seeking the enchantment. I frown with disappointment again since he can’t assist me with my enchantment session like yesterday.
I exhale viewing the circle. My enchantment sessions are increasingly becoming more complex and difficult requiring both of us to study and seek the solution.
It was fun when Britton surprised with removing my warts then the pot of flowers the next day.
I giggle nodding. “So if this is going to be a portrait of my face then I can give to Britton as a gift, too. He can sit my portrait on his nightstand like a true beau of yesteryears.”
Yachel giggles at the reader-table. “That, too! Okay! I found the verb, spintina. It sound pretty,” views the circle. She touches her rock and the top of the circle, “Spintina silkee. Spintina silkee. Sp…”
I slap her hand off the circle. “No! Don’t say it over and over again! That was the learned hard lesson from yesterday when the entire room was almost filled with popcorn colonels up and over the cracked window glass. Then we had to clean up before the end of session. I smelled like popcorn and unicorn until bath time.”
She nods. “Very good point, Miss Persia! I say it enough times,” watches her circle.
I whisper to the object. “Spintina silkee,” the thread twirls around and around inside the circle.
She giggles. “The thread spins around and around so fast right before my real eyeballs that I think it’s showing off with its own fairy speed for us.”
I frown with confusion at the spinning thread. “It is performing a type of fairy speed. Is silk alive?”
“Naw.”
I study the thread. “I think the thread is slamming into the sides of the circle like expanding up then down and then sideways.”
She nods. “Yeah! My face’s round. The circle’s round. We match.”
I giggle. “The only dang thing in the entire building that matches something other than broken.”
She giggles. “See! The little tiny squares are forming the outline of the face. I think I see my cheekbones formation. I have high cheekbones.”
I frown at the object. “The squares are elongated short rectangles.”
She nods. “That’s the graphic presentation of our face. The ‘something of something’ forms the flat outline then fills in the blanks with something,” giggles. “I’m a fairy not a trainer.”
I giggle. “We’re filling in the blanks of something with something,” views Britton. He watches his thread spins around too. I lean back into the hard stool exhaling. “This is going to take the rest of the session. When do we work on our gem stone?”
She leans into the circle. “The point, you’re supposed to working on the gem stone all day, night, weekends, potty breaks, bathing times…”
I giggle. “I do work on my gem stone during all those times. What’da ya do?”
She winks and smiles at me. “Work on Stad!”
I giggle viewing the circle. I gasp. “It stopped spinning. The image’s nothing but a bunch of elongated blocks of boxes in pure white. Where’s my face? I wanna give it to Britton later.”
She leans into the circle. “I bet we gotta touch the silk. How’s the dumb thread supposed to know what each of us looks like?” she hovers her finger in the center then views Persia. “Do ya agree with me?”
I frown with puzzlement then scan the faces. Each student is looking around the room at each other or hovering a finger at the center of the spun thread. I swing to Yachel nodding and smiling. I hover my finger in the center. “Agreed. On the count of three…”
“There!” she presses her finger into the center, without punching a hole.
I press my finger into the center viewing Yachel. “You were supposed to wait on me at the count of the number three like one, two, and three.”
Yachel leans into the thread. “Something’s happening,” when a female screams.
I view Apella.
Apella jumps from the stool fingering her circle. “Its…its…”
“…spiders,” Yachel screams. “The silk thread is a spider’s web. The web is shooting out babies.”
I slide from the stool studying my thread. The white thread is covered in black round objects. “Eggs! Where did the eggs come from?”
Yachel slides from her chair fingering the circle. “The spider’s in the corner watching her babies emerge from the sack.”
Some of the girls scream running out the door. Some of girls are burning their spider’s web with the wave of their rock. All the males are laughing and burning their spider’s web plus any vacant ones.
Britton comes up behind wrapping his arms around me as we back step from my circle for his safety and my fear. He chuckles saying. “I gotta ya burning for me, doll,” blasts his brown wave at the harmless spider and her hundreds of babies. “Let’s go and get a beverage before enchantment class, darling!”
“Yeah!” I stare at the burning circle of brown flames.

Flute class. 2:11 pm.
I stumble into the grass with the weeds tickling my feet. I stand with Britton patting his arm. He’s frustrated not being able to signal his unicorn. I nod, smiling. “I’ll play your flute.
He shakes his skull. “Naw! Your unicorn will come, instead. It’s not the flute but the pitch of the song, when the unicorn appears. I don’t really like animals.” I nod. He elbows me. “Go on! Call your unicorn and enjoy the time outside in the meadows,” nods and fakes a smile.
I nod lifting the flute then play. The unicorn appears instantly on top of the hill. She slowly walks down to me then halts. I smile stroking her mane then rub the rock over her bony spine protecting my bony spine. I climb over the saddle then smile at Britton. “I’m going to explore the west side of the meadow. You come and find me like hide and go seek. Okay, doll!” I giggle when he nods. I exhale feeling lousy that I can’t help him find his beast. I kick the stomach walking to Yachel.
She sits on her unicorn waiting and watching for me.
I smile. “We go west, young girl.”
She frowns with confusion viewing the western hills. “West. Why, west?”
“We went east. And I don’t wanna run into Molfalso or Apella.”
She giggles. “Yeah! And Molfalso doesn’t wanna play in your playground, either. Okay! We explore the west. You can lead into the unknown territory.”
I nod swinging towards the west galloping into the bright sunlight.

Gem cave.
I pull on the reins as Komilly slows then we walk towards the cave entrance hidden by a boulder.
Yachel frowns with confusion scanning the flat land then the building. “This is the g.e.m class. Since I gotta spell similar sounding words out for ya, cuz you don’t do your future sessions. Why are we here? We shouldn’t be here. We might get into trouble.”
I giggle. “Naw! We’re fifth class. We can’t get into trouble only Mentor Ibbie gets into trouble for letting us accidentally get into trouble,” slides off Komilly. “Did ya name your unicorn?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
She stands away from the cave scanning the landscape for other mentors and students. “Why are we here in front of the gem cave, Persia?”
“Doing some research...”
Yachel stares and frowns with worry at Persia. “What kind of research?”
I move towards the boulder covering the gem cave. I shake my curls. “I don’t wanna keep getting strange spirits inside my bedroom like last night or the night before or the night before that. If I can acquire some more colored rocks then the spirits will leave me be.”
She nods, smiling. “The second rock worked.”
I stand in front of the cave studying the big boulder. “Yeah! It worked, greatly. Only prob, I got four walls, two doors, and two windows...”
“Spirits don’t come through the windows. They live inside the dark corners of the building.”
“O! That’s good to learn. Since, I’ve never seen a spirit in my lifetime, again and hopefully, not tonight.” I hold my rock necklace in front of my chest aiming directly at the big round-like boulder. “Do I need a verb-noun combo too?”
“Naw! Use your wave,” giggles Yachel scanning behind her collar bone for any wandering students or curious mentors.
I release a thin wave of magenta when it hits the tall and wide boulder as my hands quiver. “Dang! The echo’s terrible.”
“As you learn to widen and thicken the wave, the ricochet vibration won’t be so bad.”
“How’da ya know that?”
“I read like my sessions.”
“O good promise from me,” my wave hits the tall rock boulder as I mentally order: move.
It does not.
She giggles. “You’re too weak, Persia.”
“Do it with me then!”
She exhales walking to Persia standing beside her. “Look! I do this for our friendship, not stealing someone else’s colored rock for the future.”
“O bad thing from me,” I giggle. Our waves clink to the boulder, not moving.
She says. “It is too big and heavy for us. Our rock waves are baby beams. If we had about the entire fifth class of twenty students plus my daddy and your daddy then maybe might we may could be able-many-bodies to slide that boulder one tiny inch.”
I exhale dropping my rock, frowning with frustration. “I don’t wanna another visit, tonight. Lady someone came in and went through the wall even with my brilliance enchantment charm that I wanded to the peeling plaster.”
She shakes her curls, laughing. “Charms didn’t work on fairies or spirits.”
“O good to remember,” I view the ground when Yachel scans the ground walking around the dry grass. I exhale viewing the skyline. “Okay! Can ya help me workup a verb-noun charm on the walls, the ceiling, the doors…”
She giggles. “I’m working on it, now!” I frown watching her scoot around the dirt when she squat reaching the dirt. She raises the tan rock, nodding. “This is your charm, earth rocks. The spirits is an earth creature trapped here so only an earthly material can repel its invisible ghostly-like body from floating through your walls. Here’s one! Let’s find some more rocks.”
“Ya got rocks inside your rooms, too,” I scan the dirt.
“Uh, huh!” Yachel walks towards the cave. I scan the ground around the other side. She squats shaking her curls. “No more rocks or pebbles or fairy dust,” giggles. She stands. “I know. We can sight for some big rocks inside the watcher station over there using the spying glasses.”
I stand narrowing my eyelashes at the watcher station located along the thick forest. “Another watcher station? I didn’t know there were more. Why’s one all the way out here in no where’s land?”
“During the Fairy War...,” she climbs onto her unicorn holding the reins. “Get on, Komilly! It’s too far on foot. We ride to the station then climb up getting you some rocks.”
I smile climbing on the unicorn.

Watcher station.
We park the beasts away from the rotten wood. I walk over the dry grass studying the structure. “Don’t know, Yachel! The building is very old, pale white with lots of red colored rotten wood.”
She enters the archway, without a door. “Come on! We practice our wave.”
“Don’t know, Yachel! I’m not great with my wave. This structure is really rotten,” touching the wood plank. It crumbs into my hand.
Yachel shouts inside the station on the ground level of wet dirt. “It’s a straight launch from the dirt onto the balcony. There ain’t any wooden beams to smack a head.”
“I like beams because I can avoid the smashing of my skull. It’s the smooching of my horizontal body from the falling beams that concern me, greatly.”
She fingers the high balcony. “We do a quick lift then steal the spy glasses. They see for thousands of miles finding ya some rocks. Or do you wanna talk with Captain Robert all night long?”
I exhale viewing the high balcony of broken planks upon the only flooring of the 80-feet tower. “The exposed hole in the balcony floor does seem to have a few planks.”
“Probably not as rotten as the base, since the flood waters destroy the wood...”
“...making a tall structure fall over on me...”
Yachel holds her rock emitting a vertical pale blue beam. “I’m good. My beam has attached to the edge of the balcony,” pulls on it with her free hand. “It’s strong and holding. This’ll be quick. We grab the spying glass...”
“Use the wave to get it from down here, Yachel. I’m nervous about zooming that high into the heavens.”
“I don’t possess x-ray vision, darling. I’m clueless to the position of the spy glasses. Now! As I get older and wiser and better I can whip my wave into a fancy rope then tap around the planks finding it. But I can’t do now. Shoot your beam into the other edge. We’ll climb up together supporting each other, if one happens to mess a step,” giggles.
I exhale with worry and bad breathe shooting my wave hitting the inner edge of the balcony.
We start climbing facing each other’s back.
“Are you okay, Persia?” She says as we climb half-way to the top.
I grunt exhaling breathes and sweat from my hands and forehead. “Yug!”
“Keep climbing! We’re almost there. I’ll swing up and inside, first then pull ya inside.”
“Yug!” I grunt.
Yachel slaps her hand on the edge of the wood then crawls over the planks. She twists around holding her arm helping Persia over the edge.
We roll to the side lying on the dry planks, giggling with our small victory.
I wobble upright then stand scanning the wooden floor. I tap the wood with my boot toe. “These planks are stable, not rotten.”
Yachel stands scouting around the side wall holding the wooden storage chests. She opens then closes each one. “Jackpot! Two pairs of spying glasses,” gingerly crossing the planks. She hands one to Persia. She swings towards the east. “Okay! You view the south. I got the east for any size of rock, not a boulder. I can’t lift a boulder.”
“Okay! Looking?” I gingerly move and stand on the southern spot without rotten planks. I scan the south. “Wow! I see nothing...”
“I see the human world with stone walking fields called roads for driving their square coaches. The coaches are called cars...”
I remove my spy glasses then view Yachel wearing her spy glasses. “How do you all that stuff?”
“I read.”
I frown at her. “O good promise from me,” giggling.
“Look at the below ground, not the southern horizon for rocks, Persia. Or we’ll be out here all night missing our dates with our boys.”
“O bad thing for me,” I replace the glasses fingering the objects. “I see the fairy mounds covered in fresh rose petals evidence of a recent fairy funeral. The rose petals celebrate their passing life from the dirt into the dirt,” giggles.
Yachel giggles. “Do not eat around a mound you’ll raise the fairy-ghost!”
I drop the spy glasses staring at her. “Really?”
She says wearing the spy glasses. “Really!”
I replace the spy glasses. “Okay! I’m viewing the southern landscape of the pretty blue sky, the pretty green ocean along the beach then I zoom into the Academy grounds of the dry ugly landscape. Ugh!” I view Yachel. “Why does it flood here and not in the southwest corner of Fairyland, where we live, Yachel? We live near the ocean water too. Should the flooding every night affect all four directional shorelines?” She doesn’t address my query when I exhale. I replace the spy glasses scanning the Academy grounds. “Okay. I see the dry grass, the tall weeds...”
She fingers the object. “I see Molfalso riding his unicorn in a really weird pattern.” I drop the spy glasses viewing her direction in the southeast. I giggle then replace my spy glasses watching him and his unicorn in the southeast. She says. “What’s he doing? Is he chasing a rabbit or a spirit? I can’t see over the steep hillside but he’s down inside the valley. His reining is really odd like he’s corralling something to capture for suppertime eating.”
I giggle. “Are they bears here?”
She views me. “Bears on the grounds of the Academy? Naw! There’ll bears inside the forestland on the other side of the country,” views him with the spy glasses. “Did he fall off his unicorn during ya’ll race hitting his head?”
I smile. “Naw!” Molfalso remembered our promise since I technically won the beast race. I did hit the oak tree with my hand, not my head as the first rider there. I see him jerk his unicorn left then right suspecting he has somehow penned Britton’s unicorn. I wonder how Molfalso figured it out but he bragged being the beasty-man of Fairyland. I exhale nodding. Britton will be riding with me tomorrow along the meadow. I slide the spy glasses towards the ground accomplishing my first feat while solving my second one, a good night’s sleep. I say. “Okay! I’m finding lots of rocks closer to you in the southeastern...”
Yachel gasps shaking her curls, wearing the spy glasses looking into the human world again. “No,” back stepping from the railing then turns into the opening, accidentally. She loses her balance falling forward. “Ah...”
I drop my arm to the rock swiftly emitting a wave catching her downward fall. “Launch your wave back up to me. I gotta ya suspended,” when Yachel shoots her pale blue wave hitting the edge of the balcony. She grabs my magenta wave with her other hand then climbs down onto the wet dirt, panting. I slide down my wave in a controlled fall squatting next to her frowning with worry. “What happened?”
She pants holding both waves with fright. She shakes her curls viewing her boots. “Took a wrong step. I sorry!”
I hug my friend, whispering. “You’re okay! I’m okay. We’re okay. We’ll stay away from the watcher stations. Okay?” I help her to stand. She nods cuddling into my chest. “I found some good carrying rocks. Can you ride?”
She nods in silence.

Persia’s room. night time. 5:24 pm.
I bathed then cleaned up from sweat balls gathering my rocks. I wear my jeans and boots waiting on Yachel.
I lay on an ugly lumpy tan rock every five feet, nodding and giggling. This should keep the spirits out of my face for the rest of the sessions.
Yachel knocks then enters, grinning.
I swing to her tossing my arms. “Did I do it right?”
She winks smiling. “Don’t know. I gotta quiz Britton for that specific answer with your lips or hands?”
I shake my curls. “Naw,” fingers the row of rocks along the wall. “My cute rock decoration on the floor, is it like yours? Is this correct?” I smile. She giggles and nods studying the rocks on the floor lying against the wall. I clap, “Time to go!”

Watcher station. 5:40 pm.
We enter the door standing in darkness. I launch my wave smashing the edge of the opening inside the balcony. During our night visitations the planks had become weaker along the edges crumbing into sawdust. I can’t see her face. “Launch your wave, Yachel! I suggest that you climb up using both waves for both safety and practice.”
She launches her wave as our waves form two vertical lines side by side. “Good idea! I’ll go first,” jumps and climbs on the magenta and pale blue waves. I see her legs and arms work when she reaches the top.
I grab the wave feeling the slight heat then climb. I slap my hand onto the wood when Britton reaches down into the darkness pulling me up and into his chest. I giggle. “Thanks.”
He smiles. “Thank you.”
I giggle. “Thank you.”
“Thank us.”
“Thank both of us,” kisses my forehead. “Come on! I got a surprise for ya!” he leads me towards the west side of the watcher station.
I shake my curls. “I don’t wanna ride on your wave, again.”
“This is much better than my wave.”
I frown with concern viewing the ground from the railing. “What’s better than riding a wave,” cuddling into his chest, smiling.
He chuckles. “Touching the stars!”
I giggle, nodding. “That would triumph an air wave,” we stop at the broken railing from last night. I stare into the air.
“Naw! Look up, not down.”
I view the ceiling frowning with confusion. “A hole in the ceiling,” views the floor, “a hole in the flooring. This is a holy place,” giggling in his face.
“Naw!” he wraps his hands around my waist. “We’re going to crawl up into then over to the side of the opening.” I view the opening when he lifts me into the air. “Climb up on the rooftop!”
“Britton?”
“Do it! You’re freaking heavy, tart!”
“Britton!” I struggle up through the opening sliding to the side of the dry beams of wood when Britton lifts from the flooring then falls over on top of me. I giggle, when he chuckles. I whisper into his face. “Britton!” He stands then squats lifting me into the air when we giggle, together. He lowers me to the rooftop of even wooden planks as I stare into his eyes, smiling. He grabs my hand.
We hug walking towards the center of the rooftop. I narrow my eyelashes seeing between the bright moon beams. “Is that a long sofa?” We walk to it.
“Yup,” nods and smiles Britton.
“Is there a long sitting sofa on the rooftop?” We get closer to it.
“Yup.”
“How did a long sitting sofa get perched upon the rooftop of the Academy?” We stand in front of it.
“Me.”
“How did you all alone tote a long sitting soft from somewhere like your room then perch it upon the rooftop?”
He folds his bicep into a muscle, grinning. “Me, strong.”
I giggle as we slide in front of the long sitting sofa. I touch the fabric rough and worn from years of teen encounters. “You toted a long sitting sofa by yourself up here? How?”
He touches his lips. “Me, not tattle.”
“You didn’t use your rock wave. You ain’t that strong, buddy.”
He folds his bicep into a muscle, grinning. “Me, strong.”
“You didn’t get any help from your teen buddies ‘cause they’ll be up here with us, too touching the stars,” giggling.
He touches his temple. “Me, smart.”
I giggle. “Me, smarter. You’re a collector. You got your adult collector buddies to wave it up here with their fairy magic. Who do you know here at the Academy?”
He kisses my forehead, winking. “I know everyone.”
I frown. “Who, everyone?”
He kisses my nose then sits on the sofa. I slide inside his lap giggling and touching his hair. He says. “I know everything.”
“Who, everything?”
He kisses my lips sliding over me, “I know you, too.”
“Who, me?” I close my eyelashes enjoying the kiss.

Day 5
Banquet hall. 8:55 am
I run on sandals dragging my cape on the floor through the archway. I giggle sliding into the empty chair next to Yachel. I steal back my half-eaten bread breaking off Yachel’s slobber from the hard crust. I chew, smiling and giggling with delight.
Yachel drops her mouth. “I thought we...,” studies Apella who yawns from the lack of sleep.
I wink and giggle at Yachel. “You’re thinking correctly there, doll!
Zann chews. “Another late dining date with Captain Robert...”
Apella yawns sitting inside her chair. “I...hate...all of them. I got a new one...last night,” yawns.
Yachel steals Apella’s bread halving it then hands me the other part. Apella yawns covering her face with both hands. Yachel stands, chewing. “Time for another fairy tale tattling that spirits do not like fairies,” giggles. I stand, winking at Yachel.

Fairy Lore. 9:23 am.
I sit inside my reader-chair blind to Yachel but dream of Britton, when my arm burns.
I view the reader-tray.
Yachel fingernail writes.
Stad gave me a surprise, last night.
I giggle and fingernail write...Britton, too!
Stad got me a sofa.
I giggle and fingernail write...Britton, too!
Stad is softer than the railing.
I giggle and fingernail write...Britton, too!
I believe I saw falling stars, last time.”
I giggle and fingernail write...Me, too!
Gables says to Ibbie. “Shouldn’t the Academy institute a few short verbal quizzes assuring all students understand Fairy Lore before graduating?”
Molfalso chuckles nodding at her. “I understand plenty.”
Ibbie smiles at him. “I would think that you would want to understand every single aspect of a fairy, Master Molfalso.”
Hadwin smiles at her. “Shouldn’t we discuss bad fairies, too?”
Ibbie smiles. “Is there such a thing as a bad fairy?”
“The tooth fairy robs them human child blind. They get over hundred gem stones for a piece of enamel here in Fairyland while leaving the kid a piece of green paper,” laughs Walcott. “How do I trick or treat for that specific fairy job performance?”
Apella says. “There is not any crime or one single criminal inside our fair Fairyland,” when her reader-chair swirls to the other teens behind her skull. She smiles, nodding. “Therefore Fairyland does not have one or more bad fairies. I would think your logic, illogical.”
Ibbie smiles. “This is our present Fairyland. What about our past in Fairyland?”
Apella nods smiling. “Our past is filled with heroic fairies saving our fair Fairyland and conquering our foes, the boggarts.”
I giggle thinking of Britton when my chair swirls to him. He smiles, winking at me.
Ibbie says removing her necklace. “Time has ended. You are dismissed.”

Gem class. 10:10 am.
I sit cross-legged on the carpet again without any objects surrounding me.
Oviv stands and smiles in front of us in the middle of the large auditorium. “Good morning, students! I am so pleased to see that you understand the wave exercises are conducted inside the theater and you are patiently waiting for me. I really appreciate your attentiveness. You see that there are no objects on the opposite wall, on the ceiling or surrounding you. You are going to work with your wave and hug yourself,” when the students chuckle. She nods. “Yes. Your wave is a living produce of you and the rock. Therefore you must understand the texture, density, motion, and sensation of the wave. I advise caution here. The wave is a living entity which if used improperly produce harm on you or me or your neighbor or your neighbor’s neighbor down the row. Thus you will handle the wave with gently finger pads. You can hug the wave in any fashion around your body,” giggles and nods. “Yes. My words sound so simple. I will be sitting on a stool in the wall corner far, far away from ya’ll,” giggle. “If you wave accidentally tries to hug me I will slap it back with my gem stone, just a warning, ya’ll,” smiles. “Let me move of your wave range, first,” she dashes towards the far wall corner then says via her gem stone. My rock echoes her words. “Please stand,” watches. “Please extend your arms outward,” watches. “Please hold your rock and visually extend your specific arm span by quadruple your arm length. This is accomplished by rubbing your rock back and forth across your collar bone with one of your arms extended,” nods and watches.
I hold my left right out being a righty with mighty with the right side of my body. I rub my rock back and forth along my collar bone feeling an invisible tug on both arms as an invisible force pushes me side to side. I giggle realizing that Yachel is touching and shoving me with her invisible arm on my left when Britton is touching and pushing me with his invisible arm on my right.
Apella shoves on Gable who stands at the beginning of the row getting and giving her arms more stretching room. Gable can’t control her wave force then hits the far wall, frowning with frustration. The other teens laugh shoving each other with their invisible arms.
Oviv says via her gem stone. “Please be nice on Master Gable. And please spread out between your real arms and the two invisible arms. The auditorium is large enough for forty fairies. Ya’ll are only twenty.” Britton shifts move to my right when Yachel scoots away from my left leaving me all alone between them. She says. “Now you may begin to hug your person with your wave.”
Gable says via his rock which is echoed through my rock. “Can I breathe inside my wave if I am surrounded by it color?”
Oviv says, smirking. “Hmm! I believe you should have studied your reading materials on the wave,” giggles. “Please begin!”
I gasp viewing Yachel. She giggles and winks, slightly nodding. I take her visual cue as the answer of affirmative. I can breathe within my wave if I’m covered in color. I exhale viewing the dirty carpet. I’m clueless how to hug my person. I view Yachel.
She sits cross-legged on the floor closing her eyelashes. She raises her rock with both hands even with her nose. Her wave drifts from the rock in a straight line hitting the opposite wall. Her wave rebounds back into her chest. She spins the wave slowly around and around her sitting body in a circle of pretty pale blue.
I study Apella.
Apella holds her rock above her tiara. The wave hits the ceiling bouncing back over her body as the wave shapes into a golden-colored triangle-like tent. She giggles.
I study Britton.
Britton holds his rock on the carpet. The wave slowly crawls over his kneecaps and boots, first like an insect then creeps up the legs over his thighs then his waist. The brown wave conforms to his sitting position making him appear all fossilized and old looking.
I frown with frustration staring at my pretty sculptured rock.
I view Zann.
Zann holds her rock over her tiara as the wave fragments are shattered into tiny rain drops. Each drop hits then spreads over her body like a shower. She giggles.
I understand the wave can be manipulated into any size or length or shape.
I view Molfalso.
Molfalso tosses a thick blob of crimson into the air then it falls back somewhere on his body. He chuckles, enjoying his exercise. The blob spreads then sticks making parts of him look red like blood and blue like the sky over his baby blue cape.
I exhale holding the rock between my hands into my crossed legs when my wave attaches to my arms. I gasp lifting and flinging my hands. The rock is stick inside my palms. I giggle realizing that I’m thinking of the method of hugging my person then it is happening. The wave really is a living entity with me. I study my magenta wave slowly spreading from my palms over my arms towards my collar bone. I close my eyelashes facing the opposite wall feeling the warmth of the wave covering me. I feel protected, too.
The wave tastes like a pinch salt with a touch of sulfur coming directly from the earth dirt. The wave doesn’t sting or bit like the rock does while I’m performing my sculpture design.
I hear silence blinking my eyelashes open. I’m engulfed in a pinkish-blue shiny magenta color. I see the opposite walls, the peeling ceiling, the dirty carpet, and Mentor Oviv through a magenta tint of color, too. I do not hear any sounds not even laughter, being bathed in both color and silence from the world. So nice!
I see, touch, feel, taste, and hear the wave motion inside my mind and outside my body in warmth, happiness, silence, and salt of magenta.

Teacup class. 11:11 am.
I sit inside the balanced chair using my power closing my eyelashes, smirking. My rock, my power, and I are all in total synch feeling the upcoming explosion of ash. The tiny pop sounds within my eardrums when the bitter smell floats then mixes with the fresh air drifting into my nostrils.
I open one eyelash seeing Faddy nod to me. Then I view my teacup with both eyelashes with three half of a half of half of one/twelfth of a shallow deep pits forming a hollow circle around the curve of the china lip. I’m making progress, giggling.

Persia’s room. lunchtime.
I chew and smooth the side of the rock in a downward motion sitting on top of my fingernails then sweep the fragments of the rock shavings into the air as they evaporate into nothing while lifting another spoonful of food into my open mouth. I chew and smooth, again.
I’m alone.
Yachel is shaving her rock inside her sleeping suite being up for our rock inspection today in Enchantment class.
I don’t understand why Mentor Oviv doesn’t inspect our rock since she’s in charge of the Gem cave. She likes instructing how to manipulate the wave in every direction including cuddling it around my shoulders like a blanket.
We performed that feat, today.
I had debated that hot topic of Oviv and the rock inspection with both Yachel who wasn’t interested and Britton who was busy with both his and my lips.
After four days of both my painful skin cuts and red blood my rock is smoothly flat on the top and the bottom. I find the zig zag shapes the hardest to sculpture needing to turn and twist your fingers and hand in a series of ugly contorted motions with great pain plus cuts on the sides of my hands.
I exhale shaking my numb and blooding hand lifting the last bite of food.
I press the smooth side of the sorta gem stone over my exposed pink cuts and dried red blood healing my sculpting hand into pretty softness, again.
I giggle standing and strolling towards Enchantment class.

Enchantment class. 1:06 pm.
I dangle me my sandals slapping the plastic hard leg sitting inside the tall stool at the table. The room is quiet. Mentor Kaapo stands in front of her white plastic wall, not smiling. She says. “This is rock inspection day. Today is an important milestone,” giggles. “Excuse the pun!”
I smile when she says. “This is your first completed week of the Academy. You understand the rules, the mentors, the sessions, the rock, and the purpose. Please place your rock upon the mini-pedestal from the middle storage hole in front of your face for rock inspection. You should have been working daily and nightly sculpturing your rock into some nonsensical geometric form which should kinda sorta look like a polished diamond cut. I do not expect miracles or mumbles,” nods. “Yes. The sculpture procedure hurts causing skin cuts and red blood. Yes. The rock is changing. Yes. The power is growing inside you. Now! I will be inspecting both your rock and your sculpturing hand. Why? I am here to offer advice, guidance, and support. I will start on my far right with Miss Yachel.” She moves to my table standing at the edge. “I will not be touching either the rock or your hand. As a matter of fact, I cannot touch your rock. It is alive with your coodies,” giggles with the others. “The rock selected, only you. The rock obeys, only you,” lifts her bracelet. Her amber wave lifts the rock rotating around and around. She frowns with worry. “Tsk! Tsk! The top is semi-bumpy, not smoothly flat. The bottom is lumpy, not smoothly flat….”
“Is smoothly flat a proper verb?” Yachel winks at me when I drop my mouth. 
Kaapo says. “Both sides of the rough rock shape are monstrously sharply pointed with crumbing rock dust hitting the table and floor.”
“Is sharply pointed a proper verb?” Yachel giggles.
Kaapo says. “Please show me your sculptured hand,” when Yachel frowns and cuddles her hand then raises her palm. Kaapo frowns with concern. “Tsk! Tsk! Your inner skin is brutally razored with tiny red cuts.”
Gable chuckles. “Is brutally razored a proper verb?”
She scans the faces. “A shared secret for sculpturing, once the top or the bottom of the rough rock is smoothly flat then you can heal your throbbing palm from the nasty bloody wounds.” Yachel exhales tenderly probing her hand. Kaapo looks at my rock then zaps her amber wave on the stone. It rises as she smiles. “La! La! Very nice indeed, Miss Persia. The rock is smoothly flat on both ends making the shape appears somewhat closer in presentation to a beautiful diamond cut. Your sides are not sharply pointed but nicely curved. You are progressing very well with the edges. The sideways jagged edges of the rock take the most time requiring the most tender loving care for both the stone and your hand. You did a good job. Let me see your hand,” I raise my palm. “La! La,” smiles Kaapo, nodding. “You have figured out the properties of the smooth stone. Your hand is completely healed and free of both pink cuts and red blood,” when I smile. She nods, smiling. “Excellent work, Miss Persia.” Kaapo shifts to the table of Molfalso. “Let me see your hand. Tsk! Tsk! Your rock and palm are both raw and rough in presentation and format. You need to avoid the late night activities, Master Molfalso,” when the students laugh. She lifts and studies Radford’s rock in the air. “Ditto, Master Radford! Does everyone understand that word?” when the students laugh. She shifts to Britton. “As has been said and seem before,” giggles. She lifts the rock, smiling. “La! La! Another ditto like Miss Persia’s,” he smiles and winks at me. 
I smile at Britton.

Flute class. 2:05 pm.
I cover my ears from the awful off-key musical noise walking through the archway. In every wall corner a group of teens play a musical instrument while the pile of flute stacks to the ceiling, untouched. Yachel giggles moving to flirt with Stad. She slaps his hand, not being allowed to kiss his face but she leans in, pretty close. “What’da ya doing in the wall corner, sugar?”
Stad holds a trumpet fingering the keys, nodding and smiling. “We formed a musical band composed of me, Molfalso, Walcott, Radford, and Zann. She plays the drums,” when Zann smiles and bangs a drum roll then twirls her drum sticks into the air.
I giggle scanning the room.
The neat rows of horizontal chairs are crooked, missing numerous chairs. The teens are scattered around the room tapping on an instrument, tapping a foot or fingering the music paper.
Mentor Sondson dangles his feet off the platform holding his flute. “Good afternoon, students. I have wonderful news we are forming a musical group of musicians for a playing band. You are welcome to join and participate. Now! The not wonderful news, if you have not signaled your unicorn please depart from here and go outside into the grassy meadow with your flute. Once you find your unicorn you can join the band practice starting right now. Or you can ride around the meadows enjoying the warm day. It is your decision. I personally hope a lot of ya’ll teens are interested in joining my band. I am most pleased to share more of my musical knowledge,” grins and nods.
I exhale scanning the room for Britton. He stands with his buddies Hadwin and Eadric.
Some of the teens have certain clicks of friends. Gable hangs with both Apella and Kuelle.
Stad sits with Molfalso and Zann. Zann only hangs with Molfalso liking and smiling and flirting with him.
Yachel and I prance around together between classes being old friends and neighbors.
Yachel giggles floating a flute to her hands then rubs the rock over the metal sanitizing it.
I frown with confusion. “Aren’t we going riding today?”
“Naw! I wanna join the band.”
“Playing what musical instrument?”
“I play the flute since a little child and the piano.”
I drop my mouth. “That’s how you knew the unicorn’s song.”
She shakes her curl holding the flute to her lips reading the sheet of musical notes. “Naw! I can read music. The unicorn’s song is a secret shared sonnet only at the Academy.”
“But I don’t know how to play an instrument.”
“You can learn one with fairy magic. I…pick up the clarinet or saxophone. You got crooked teeth. You need some crooked teeth to play the clarinet. We need another woodwind to offset all the brass octaves.”
“What crooked teeth!?”
She giggles. “Go and get an instrument, Persia. We join the band today. It’s fun and different. This is the first time the Academy has formed a musical band, ever.”
I exhale scanning the room with excited students plus their musical instruments.
Molfalso smiles at Persia, chuckling. “I don’t wanna a sorry musician in my band. I’d suggest that your join Britton’s band. No one over there can play an instrument or signal a unicorn but Britton,” nods.
I drop my mouth then view Britton.
He sees me waving his flute. I giggle then view Molfalso, whispering. “The beasty-man of Fairyland.”
He winks. “That be me and me secret with you, doll!”
I wink back to Molfalso then skip to Britton. He smiles waving the flute. “Great news,” cuddles me. “Ya need a flute, too.”
I giggle and wink. “I can play yours with my rock.”
“O yeah! Right, the rock! I stayed out here all day during Flute class playing and playing those four notes over and over, again. I stayed until suppertime, too. Hadwin bring me food. Then Molfalso rides over the steep hill almost sunset with a shadow stretching over the grass then he comes to me,” nods and grins. “I couldn’t believe it. There was an absent rider without a unicorn following him. I played my flute when the unicorn ran up and almost knocked me down,” frowns. I giggle covering my mouth. We walk down the steps as he kicks the loose pebbles from my sandals like a fairy-guy. I smile holding his arm. He says. “I couldn’t ride the unicorn being so close to dark. Molfalso told me it was really dangerous being a novice rider.”
I frown at the grass then him. “Ya can’t ride a unicorn.”
He frowns at me. “Naw! Can you?”
I giggle. “I live in the countryside. I can ride lots of things,” winking.
He chuckles stopping. “Okay. Today’s the day for me and mine then we gallop all over the meadows,” lifts the flute to his lips then plays. I giggle watching the hill when a tall red flaming unicorn stomps over the grass. It snorts pawing the ground when I frown with concern looking behind my collar bone. Molfalso is inside tooting that trumpet.
The unicorn scans the meadows then focuses on Britton when I get really worried. The unicorn gallops down the steep hill towards us in the valley of wildflowers.
I jerk the flute from his lips rubbing my rock over the instrument while its plays my sweet harmony.
My unicorn appears big and tall loping over the hill.
I fling my hand at the red male to her when Komilly understands me and my hand signals. She gallops then rams the side of the male slowing his advance. The male slows, not stopping. She rams him a second time when the unicorn gallops battering her better.
Our unicorns slam into each other barreling down the hill towards us.
Britton does not understand the concept of running and ramming beasts while waving and smiling silly at the big red unicorn. I gasp at the vicious fight of flight then cuddle Britton into my chest flinging my magenta wave towards a tall tree to the side.
We lift then soar over the meadows when both unicorns stomp the dry grass under our feet.
Britton cheers then frowns. “The beast looks kinda mean. Is that bad, Persia?”
“Yeah! But I be going to fix it. Watch me!” I giggle, when the unicorns stop then turn from the deep valley for more brutal fighting galloping back up the steep hill. Komilly glides the male under me hanging off the limb of the tree. When the male runs under my boots I fall then land on its bony spine, grabbing its mane and hanging on. “Ugh!” I rub the rock then there appears a soft saddle under my fanny. I rub the rock over the neck then there appears a set of steering reins. I rub its forehead producing a black blindfold over its eyeballs, when the male stops.
I gasp from the shock hugging its mane and forehead, giggling.
The male does not move. Beasts do not like being blinded only an experienced rider knows that information like me.
I slide from the saddle stroking its mane, neck, and forehead. “Be a good boy! Then I will remove the cloth,” he snorts pawing the ground. “You can understand me. Be a good boy! You are the mammal. Britton is the master. Ya got that, boy! You listen to Britton then I’ll give ya a snack of oats and honey,” smiles. The male unicorn paws the ground when I motion to Britton. “He’s your unicorn. You’re the master of the mammal. Get on!”
Britton studies the saddle and reins. “You aren’t supposed to ride with a saddle and reins.”
I exhale shaking my curls. “This is your very first time on a beast. Believe me! You want the reins more then the saddle until you and he are best friends,” removes the cloth. The unicorn will not gallop wearing it.
Britton exhales climbing into the saddle. “Okay! This time with the…”
I giggle watching Britton roll side to side upon the saddle galloping down the valley. “Go to the left! Go the pond, first,” I float with my magenta wave upon Komilly’s saddle.
We gallop towards the pond, too.

Pond.
The male unicorn stops when Britton tumbles forward hanging off then lands on the dirt. I giggle slowing then stopping, not too close to the ill-breed unicorn. The unicorn is happy without a rider prancing two ankles into the pond water sucking on the water.
Britton scratches the bugs, the grass blades, and the tree leaves from his cape and hair. Since the unicorn had enjoyed the low route path under the trees towards the pond. He smiles shaking his body of more dirt. “I don’t think he likes me.”
I grab his hand, smiling. “It takes time. Let’s explore one of the watcher stations over there for the afternoon while the unicorns cool in the pond.”
He nods and smiles, stopping and staring with his mouth dropped open. “A real watcher station!?”
I frown with puzzlement to him. “A real watcher station, what does that mean?”
He nods. “They’re all over the perimeter of Fairyland for watching.”
I frown with confusion looking at the watcher station. “Watching for what?”
He shrugs. “A watcher watches inside a watcher station. That’s my extensive knowledge of the job performance. I’m a collector-to-be. Well, my parents are real collectors. I know everything about a collector duty since I’ll be one, too.”
I giggle. “Okay! Let’s use fairy speed racing to the watcher station. I would guess it’s over about three miles or so. It’s faster than walking.”
He winks then disappears. I toss my arms. “O no! Not fair…,” performing my fairy speed.

Watcher station.
I stop before the entrance archway fingering the missing door. “It’s kinda sorry looking and more dangerous walking. The planks are rotten and broken. Me and Yachel explored one on the other side in the western meadow yesterday for some fun adventures.”
He views the west direction frowning with puzzlement. “The Gem cave is there, not much else.”
I giggle. “Know that! I tried to shove that boulder from the cavern stealing some more colored rocks.”
“Why would you steal? That’s a forbidden rule from the Fairy Queen. Anyways, the gem cave has an enchantment charm. You cannot open it.”
“O! That explains my failure. I wanted some more gem rocks retarding them nosy spirits from entering my room, every morning.”
“Why would you do that? The spirits are a tradition here at Academy along with…”
“…the rotten wooden planks..,” giggles. I frown. “I mean the wood needs replacing. The walls need new paint. The furniture needs to be burned for a great big bonfire…”
He frowns. “The spirits are supposed to annoy us, each morning part of their charm.”
“Is there an enchantment charm to stop them from charming me, each morning?”
“Naw! Charms don’t work on spirits or fairies.”
I exhale. “Right!”
“It’s an honor to be haunted by the spirits…”
“But…I…”
“The spirits are very selective, not every student gets to be haunted at two in the morning…”
“But…I…”
“I’m lucky to be one such student at the Academy. They didn’t touch Molfalso,” nods.
I giggle. “No one touches Molfalso, except a fully functional activated gem wave,” chuckles with him.
Britton and I walk into the watcher station on the ground level viewing the skyline from the big open hole in the middle of the balcony flooring. He exhales. “They’re taller than I imaged. That’s what about 80 feet or more.”
I exhale giggling. “Yip or more!” He cuddles me raising his neck clip chain above his skull when the brown wave hits the plank so hard it breaks then attaches to the second plank. I giggle. “Ya been practicing!”
“Naw! I discovered that the more your polish the stone into smoothness, the more your inner power flows from within towards outward increasing your wave’s height, distance, depth and some on and some on,” cuddles me, tightly. “Hold on! We’re going up.” We land on top of the planks wobbling side to side. He splits the wave in half grabbing the side planks steady us upright.
I giggle. “Good job!” We hug each other since the inner level of the balcony is missing. There’s only a set of individual balcony poles surrounding wooden railing and about twelve inches of foot space between the railing and the hole of emptiness.
“Thanks,” he smiles scooting around me as I hug the railing from falling. Britton slowly hugs the railing walking sideways two-stepping around the outer portion of the old station surveying the sky and the landscape. “Not much to see or do up here! There’re no windows from the wind or rain or sun, either.”
I play follow the leader hugging the railing walking sideways on the tiny broken planks, giggling. “Good thing, my feet are only ten inches or so.”
He views the hole walking around the railing. “My understand, the ancient watchers of yesteryears who occupied these beaten up stations were paired living up here for hours, days, nights, weekends…”
I grin. “My parents are watchers. They come home every day in the evening. Thank goodness! Then they take care of me,” runs into the floor level wooden chest, giggling. I yank the object from the chest. “Look at my surprise. They’re spy glasses.”
He views one, smiling. “Real life spy glasses! Do they really work?” I hand off the second pair then view the north landscape. He leans over the railing next to me. “Wow! I can miles and miles of grass and meadow above the tree tops. There’s the mill house.”
“What mill house?” I swing the spy glasses side to side looking for the structure.
“Where the brownies work and live they burrow underground mining out the dirt into the gem caves clearing the tunnels for finding more colored rocks. I see mounds covered in rose petals evidence of a recent fairy funeral. The rose petals celebrate their passing life…”
“…from dirt to dirt,” giggling and hunting for the item. “What mounds?”
He swings around viewing the landscape. “Do not eat around the mounds you’ll raise their ghost. I see the Fairy Fort.”
“What Fairy fart? I don’t see it,” giggling.
He frowns. “The home of the Fairy Queen, she lives inside a fort with water hags, brownies, and…”
“…spirits…”
“…servants…”
“O!” I scan the landscape. 
“Where do you live, Persia?”
I slowly turn in the direction. “Southwestern mostly, I see my house.”
He nods and drops the spy glasses viewing her. “Your house is made of stone.”
I smile, nodding and spying on the front porch. “No one’s home. My parents are at work as watchers watching someone or something or somewhere. Yup!”
He studies then slides around her body viewing the southwestern landscape. “Why did you parents use stone on the outside of your home? What kind of smooth stone is that made of up?”
I slowly rotate the spy glasses around the southwestern to southern landscape. “Don’t know the stone type! Yachel’s daddy helped to build our house before I was born. They’re our neighbors by luck.”
He nods viewing the southern then southeastern landscape. “O good! That explains why you know Yachel and her family.”
“Yeah! We’ve been neighbors since my birth.”
He studies the eastern landscape. “The Academy needs some fresh paint and some new wood. The trainers should chop down this entire forestland region for a new set of plank wood. The trees are so thickly dense they’re growing into each other…”
I giggle. “Thickly dense, is that a proper verb?”
He says. “The sky’s a pretty bright blue. The ocean’s pretty sparkling green. What’s beyond the forest, the sky, and the ocean of Fairyland?”
I swing to the east seeing his baby blue cape in my immediate vision, frowning. I drop the spy glasses seeing his tallness before me. The broken planks are too short for standing side by side. “The human world…”
“Really!” he studies the far distance objects. “The human world is in this direction.”
“Uh,” narrow my eyelashes at the ocean waves from the 80 feet watcher station level. I scan the sky nodding. “We face the east. Right? Yeah! We face the east. The human world is located on the eastern shores of the ocean,” nodding and grinning. Yachel and I viewed the east direction from the Academy’s watcher station with the spying glasses on my first night of my fairy sessions.
“Really!” he studies the far distance objects. “I was taught the human world lies on the western shores.”
I giggle and slide in emptiness over the opening then in front of him. I stand getting a better view of the far distance objects in the human world with my spy glasses. He says above my tiara. “I see tons and tons of colored lights.”
I gasp back stepping into his chest. “No,” wearing the spy glasses. “It can’t…,” tripping into his chest. “Ah!” We swiftly slide left falling off the broken planks down into the opening when Britton zaps his wave at the top plank. I drop my spy glasses when he cuddles me.
We slowly swing side to side mid-air from his brown wave.
He whispers. “The watcher stations are too old and dangerous for an adventure.”
I whisper. “Yeah! Let’s go and ride the unicorns for a while.”
He slowly descends us to the dirt.

142 days later.
Banquet room. 7:49 am.
I finish the last piece of warm bread with butter then Yachel walks through the archway.
She scoots into her assigned chair balancing with her hand and rock, smiling. “Bread gone! Cape straightened. Sandals on feet. Where’s Persia, the sleepy eyed fairy princess?” I giggle when she tears her bread, eating.
I wipe my chin with the patched and torn cloth napkin. “I’m ready to start and end another successful day of sessions,” finishing my milk.
She chews viewing her plate. “Another day of sessions…”
Zann enters smiling and sitting. “Good morning, Persia, Yachel! Another day of,” studying Molfalso.
I glance at Molfalso’s back muscles. He scoots into the table then waves and smiles at Zann. I seek Britton. He enters the archway going to his table of buddies slapping back muscles and whispering.

Fairy Lore. 9:26 am.
Ibbie says. “The first family of fairies started out living on the river bank then moved into the cave then occupied the tree branches building tree houses. Fairies love trees particularly oak trees. We enjoy the musky smell of the bark.”
Gable says. “I don’t enjoy the musky smell of bark not being a bird or a bear or a brownie,” chuckles with the other teens.
I’ve learned to hold my reader-chair on the first tongue sound uttered from another teen’s lips as the rest of my peers. I face the front wall of words, ignoring the words, the debate, and my peers.
I giggle fingernail write…This is day 144 of the Academy.
Yachel fingernail writes…How many more days until summertime fun?
This is an important day.
She fingernail writes…No.
Yes.
She fingernails writes…The holiday is an important day because we leave here for our homes sleeping in our beds and eating fresh and soft bread crust.
This is my important day.
She fingernail writes…Why is this your important day?
I told you before.
She fingernail writes…What did you tell me before?
I will show you afterwards.
She fingernail writes…What are you going to show me afterwards? What are you going to do, Persia?
I giggle wiping the reader-tray clean.

Gem class. 10:09 am.
I sit in the bleachers between Yachel and Britton. He touches my hand underneath my cape when I giggle.
Oviv stands in front of the bleachers in the middle. “You have been practicing your wave on objects tossing it from your rock from within to outward doing a good job. You also have played with yourself,” giggles with the students. “Yeah! Today, you are going to use you wave and hug someone another student, your unicorn or a winged horse if one is flying by. Or you can choose another wildlife creature scampering along the edge of the thick green forestland. I want your someone to fight back against your wave. I am not picky as long as it is not an ancient tree, a lonely plant bush, or a pretty delicate flower…”
Gable smiles and stands, clapping.  “A fairy battle, yeah!” the other teens chuckle.
Oviv shakes her curls. “Let us hope not today, Master Gable,” winks at him. “My iron daggers are not sharpened,” chuckles.
Gable frowns with shock, sitting. “What!?”
Yachel giggles leaning into me. “The element of iron is poison to all fairies in Fairyland.” I gasp scanning the walls for some type of nail or bolt then view her, frowning with confusion. She smiles. “It’s a joke. Oviv made a joke not a threat…”
“What!?” I gasp, again when Yachel giggles.
Oviv says fingering the door. “We will take our daily exercise outdoors today. I do not want any more injuries to the falling plaster of the ceiling or walls,” chuckles with the teens. “Please stand and follow me in two perfect lines before you select your someone,” giggles.

Outdoors.
I walk behind Yachel then stand in the meadow. The sun is bright and hot reflecting off my silk dress and cape of pink. Britton leans over my skull, saying. “Me and you. You and me. We pair up,” when I giggle, nodding.
Oviv stands in the middle of the two rows looking behind her collar bone. “I don’t see any galloping unicorns,” giggles then views the skyline. “Nope! I don’t see any winged horses flying by,” views the teens, smiling. “So ya’ll get to pair up together for this exercise since your someone has to fight back. Pair up!”
Britton dashes and cuddles me sneering at the other male teens. Stad races to Yachel cuddling her.
Zann slides to Molfalso. He grins and whispers into her face when she giggles. Molfalso jerks the cape of Walcott then whispers into his face. Walcott nods smiling then grabs Zann’s arm. They stand together.
Molfalso uses his fairy speed running into Gable. Gable flings forward from the impact when Molfalso grabs the arm. He smiles. “You and me dance the fairy tango…”
Gable swallows then frowns with worry. “I…I wanna…”
Molfalso chuckles, nodding. “Good! I wanna too,” shoves Gable towards the forestland. “Ya stand on the opposite of our pretend invisible lines forming a rectangular box around us, boy!
Gable swallows, nodding. “okay!”
Apella moseys up behind Radford at the same time with Kuelle. She snarls at Kuelle, saying. “He’s my wave partner…,” when Kuelle shoves a short wave into Apella’s chest flinging her backwards towards the building.
Kuelle laughs. “He’s my wave partner…,” when Jackzee shoves a short wave into Kuelle’s back muscles.
Jackzee: petite, blonde hair, brown eyes, dark skin. She sneers. “Radford is allowed to pick his own wave partner,” when he cuddles Jackzee. They turn towards the mentor.
Oviv exhales frowning with annoyance. “Based on equal powers Kuelle and Apella get to pair up until one of them gets exposed from my classroom. And do not get hurt either princess!” She exhales, nodding. “Excellent! Everyone has a buddy. Your someone stands on the far opposite of your like Master Molfalso and Gable. You are the leader of the first round of waves. You will gently probe around your someone’s body, first. Your wave which is connected to you needs to understand the sensitivity of your someone, first. The second wave will be a gently nudge backwards not harming your someone. The third wave will be a touch of connection to your someone, not slapping or smacking the body,” walks away from the students. “I will be standing aside inside the itchy tall weeds watching and monitoring. If you dare to attack your someone I have the power to whip your wave away from your someone being the more older wiser and powerful fairy than you can ever be as a fifth classer,” stands along the side, nodding. “Please begin!”
Molfalso shoots his crimson wave forming an index finger attached to a visual folded fist. The wave finger hovers above the skull then points and blinks downward towards Gable.
The other teens laugh when Gable frowns scanning the students. One of the nicer teen fingers the symbol over Gable’s skull. He looks up exhaling. The other teens laugh again.
Molfalso shouts. “I finished probing my someone,” twists his rock and hand re-shaping the index finger into a horizontal flattened palm. “Now time to touch my someone,” chuckles with the teens. His palm falls down over Gable when Gable screams. Gable curls upon the dry grass in a ball when the palm re-shapes into five finger stand of bent joints forming a see-through arch. The finger arch surrounds Gable blocking him from moving outside like a cage, not harming. Then the bent thumb lifts from the grass quivering side to side then gently slaps the left heel of Gable’s cowboy boot. Gable screams circling his body around on the grass then folds into a ball, without harm but full of fear and fright. The teens hoot, fingering and laughing at silly Gable.
Oviv smiles and giggles. “Very good, Master Molfalso! He has both demonstrated a wave probe and a wave touch, without harming his someone. Who’s the next daring pair? Better yet, do your own wave thing for both fun amusement and learning adventure!”
Apella twirls her rock viewing Kuelle on the opposite side near the forestland, asking. “Does the best pair get a second colored rock if we follow your directions, mentor Oviv?”
Oviv frowns, saying. “I am open to that suggestion. I do believe that Gable and Molfalso have performed more than my simple instruction in their shared pairing. I will award both a second rock of Gable and a third rock for Molfalso, being very impressed. If another pair can perform an equal or better illustration of this exercise then I will award, accordingly. Please continue!”
Apella sneers shooting her wave over Kuelle’s skull towards the forest when the wave curves back. The gold wave twirls around Kuelle in the shape of a tornado exposing parts of Kuelle inside the twisting gold. Apella lifts her hands raising the tornado then re-shapes her wave into a bat glittering in the blue sky.
Kuelle gasps watching the formation then drops to the ground when the bat swings towards her face. The bat slowly soars over Kuelle’s folded body then stops parallel to her back muscles. Apella gently drops the tip of the bat on Kuelle’s back then lifts it up into the air, giggling and smirking. She retrieves her wave back into her rock dancing side to side.
Oviv frowns. “A poor performance of fairy princess manners, Miss Apella!”
Kuelle jumps from the ground flinging her dark yellow wave zooming it passed Apella’s left cheekbone, not harming. Apella drops her mouth parking hands on her hips when the wave swings around passing Apella’s right cheekbone, too.
Apella feels the heated sizzle of the wave almost burning her hair strands.
The dark yellow wave flings around Kuelle then flies directly into Apella’s chest.
Apella freezes, gasping at the approaching wave.
The wave halts two inches from Apella then gently taps the cape.
Apella exhales stumbling backwards in shock, sobbing with tears.
Oviv frowns with annoyance. “A very poor performance of fairy princess manners, Miss Kuelle! I am very relieved that either fairy princess is harmed, since I would have been required to intersect and interact on your someone’s better behalf. Both of you have finished your required wave exercise today. You are excused for the rest of the session. Please sit underneath the oak tree! I am still required to babysit a batch of newborns,” smiles at other teens. “Do not duplicate Miss Apella or Kuelle’s performance for any reason. Please continue.”
Radford tosses his red wave at Jackzee. The wave forms a hand of bent wiggling fingers. The wiggling fingers gently probe around her body when she giggles from the humor and the warmth sensation. His wave re-shapes into a cupped hand. The hand stands behind her back cuddling Jackzee like a blanket when she giggles turning red from embarrassment. Radford smiles when the teens cheer and clap for the young couple.
Oviv smiles. “Another excellent illustration of a wave probe and touch! Master Radford and Miss Jackzee will receive a colored rock, each.”
Yachel whips her pale blue wave from her rock as it forms into a roping lasso. The lasso circles above Stad’s skull. He studies the lasso when it drops down over his body onto the grass, not touching him. He chuckles with the other teens. Yachel launches the wave wrapping around his chest, gently tightening it over his cape. She giggles then releases the lasso. Her wave sucks back into her rock when the teens cheer and clap.
Oviv smiles. “Another excellent demonstration of a wave probe and touch! Master Stad and Miss Yachel will receive each a colored rock as well.”
Britton fires his brown wave at my face when I frown back stepping from instinct. I halt eye rolling when the wave slows. The wave stops forming into an index finger with a folded fist pointing into the skyline. I frown with confusion looking up into the sky scanning the white clouds for something along with the rest of the teens. Britton chuckles at the students when Oviv giggles with Britton. I exhale smiling with embarrassment then view the brown index finger.
The finger tip soars into my belly tickling me when I giggle folding at my wrist from laughter. Britton chuckles along with the other teens.
I shoot my magenta wave into his belly tickling him when he giggles folding at his wrist.
He twists his wave into a cupped hand latching onto my chest.
I duplicated his maneuver for my fun amusement and his annoyance.
He pulls his brown wave towards him when I pull my magenta wave towards me. We fight and struggle back and forth until we’re in the middle of our invisible box touching noses. I giggle, not releasing my wave of my cupped hand over his body.
He chuckles, not withdrawing his wave, either. He says. “Even Stephen.”
I smile. “Touché,” when I release my wave from his chest. Britton grabs my wave tossing it around our heads, when I allow him to re-shape both waves.
The symbol of a heart half in brown and half in magenta float above our skulls, blinking.
The teens jump, cheer and clap.
I lean into his chest, smiling. “Even Stephen.
He whispers into my ear. “Touché!”
Oviv smiles and claps. “Now! That is a perfect illustration of a wave probe and touch. Master Britton and Miss Persia both receive a colored rock. I do believe everyone understands the rest of your someone wave exercise. Get to it!”

Teacup class. 9:51 am.
I gallop ahead of Yachel sliding into the broken chair. I zap it my hand and rock steadying it even with the flooring.
I wrap my hands around the teacup, closing my eyes.
My teacup contains a single one-twenty-fourth of fossilzed mud covering the bottom of the cup holding the tip of the rounded spoon upright.
I feel the rumble of the other teens entering the archway sliding into their broken chairs. I calm my jumbled nerve endings fully concentrating on the task.
I close my eyelashes exhaling. I smirk with happiness feeling my fairy power swell then surge towards the poor defenseless mud then pop the last of the puff explodes into the air.
I sniff the bitter smoke of gray as Mentor Faddey stands, clapping without his cup of tea.
The rest of the students open their eyelids or stare at him
Gable smiles. “Are we done for the day, sir?
Faddy claps and smiles. “Miss Persia has dissolved all of her fossilized mud into the last puff of air. Please clap and congratulation her.” The teens stand slapping my back and touching my cape when Faddy nods. He raises the black teakettle from the fiery coals motioning to me. “Come here, young fairy! You are to celebrate with the first of many ceremonies here at the Academy.”
I frown with confusion staring at the tea kettle. “Do I get another teacup from the...”
“You drink with the one you just cleansed from the mud. It’s only mud, one of earth’s natural mineral like a cup of orange juice,” he sips the teacup licking his lips. “It gives the tea a bit of kick.”
“Yuck-o!”Gable frowns when I hold a straight face.
He motions. “Come over here, young fairy! Let us share tea for the first time! I will be sharing tea with every fairy by the end of the academic year.” Faddy motions.
I exhale standing, shifting the teacup behind my back then rub my gem stone around it sanitizing the mud remnants.
Molfalso laughs, “What’da ya doing, Persia?”
“Drinking some tea with mud particles, Molfalso,” faking a smile then swings and sits inside the opposite chair of Mentor Faddey. I nod. “Then I be done with Teacup class for the rest of fifth class through summertime until next year,” giggles.
He drops his mouth studying his teacup.
I extend my newly germ free teacup when Faddey pours black tea into the cup. I blew on the hot liquid then sip a tiny slurp. I swallow the hot liquid then stand holding my teacup in the air, giggling and smiling with my victory.
The teens clap and cheer.

Library. lunchtime.
I am alone.
The walls, flooring, and ceiling are filled with black words from the reader-table.
I chew my food studying the reader-tray. “Magenta is not a color. Ugh! I know that. So tell me why it is not a color, Sir Isaac Newton?”
I fingernail write on the reader-tray…Who is Sir Isaac Newton?
The reader-tray writes in black words….Sir Isaac Newton was birthed and died the city of London in the country of London England in the year 1727. He was a physicist and mathematician.
I chew my food studying the reader-tray. “The city of London,” views the far wall of white saying to the wall and frowning. “There isn’t a city of London in Fairyland,” gasps. “He’s a human from the human world.”
I fingernail write on the reader-tray…What fairy discovered the color of magenta?
The reader-tray writes…No fairy found a color of magenta.
I gasp when the hand slaps my collar bone then I jump.
Yachel giggles. “I’m not spirit, darling! Sorry, I scared ya. What’da ya doing inside the Library? Actually why are you hiding in the library during lunchtime? Like I can come along since I’m polishing that dang rock for hours and days and nights and between my bubble bath times. And what ya been during Teacup class since ya graduated about five months, ago? No other fairy has emptied their teacup, either,” giggles.
I giggle and chew my lunch. “Did ya polish up that rock for Kaapo?”
She slides into the chair laughing. “The bestest that I can doeth to itty, being a lowly fifth class-woman,” smiles.
I exhale. “Proving the color of magenta exists to please my parents. They still don’t believe that it picked and possessed me. And I have gathered over seven magenta rocks coming from the gem cave given by various mentors. What’s wrong with them, Yachel?”
She smiles and nods. “Parents?! Can’t understand or toss ‘em out the door they own the house,” laughs.
I giggle sliding the information of Sir Isaac Newton to the next door reader-table for further study then wave my hand. “And I can prove my magenta gem stone works and exits. I am showing ya my research project.”
She frowns with worry. “Your research project from what session? Am I supposed to do that too? Wait! This is the Academy we don’t have homework assignments like in our little girl school…,” when I push my hands forward my the chair reclines down towards the tile floor gigging. Yachel yells. “Hey! What’s happening? My chair’s possessed with a spirit,” tilts backwards with her frowning with worry.
I giggle. “Naw! The chair reclines to view the ceiling for studying or research. See my cute art work!” she nods lying in the chair like a bed with me. I finger the ceiling on the right side. “This is my new landscape drawing of Fairyland. I used very basic geometric shapes for landmarks since I can’t draw or paint or sing or tap dance. Fairyland is round since the landscape is an island. The blue color is the surrounding ocean waters. I’m been scouting around the perimeter of Fairyland during the hours of Teacup class plus lunchtime on Komilly?”
“Sounds boring!”
“Yeah! I was bored for two hours without attending boring sessions or having some fun-time friends to hang around. So I developed a mission. I’m determined to prove to my parents that the color of magenta is a color. I polished enough of the gem stone to use as a recording devise. So I have been recording the landscape while using the spy glasses seeing the different landmarks of Fairyland. Once I show my parents my homemade map with my gem stone then they’ve to believe that it is a color and a learning devise…”
She fingers the ceiling. “What’s on your map other than your unknown cute geometric figures? I like the heart,” giggles Yachel.
I exhale fingering the ceiling. “Fairyland is square land with curved edges for the sand and ocean. I live in the southwest. My house is the square. Your house is next to mine sorta by a few miles of fruit trees, food crops, and unicorn patties but your house is the circle. The circle is a symbol friendship,” when Yachel bumps my elbow. I giggle. “As you go around to the south I placed the heart shape on Britton’s house. He told me that he lived in the south…”
“Britton really likes ya.”
“And I really like him too. As you go around to the south there are more damaged watcher stations almost every twenty-foot. I’ve climbed every watcher station between the southwest to south to southeast since graduating Teacup class mostly for exploration and fun and…”
“Sounds boring plus dangerous.”
“They are. Some don’t even have a balcony floor. As you continue to head east I add the shape of a star for the Academy. Now! I got really confused. Britton told me that the Fairy Fart..,” giggling with Yachel. “The Fairy Fart is located in the north. I found the Fairy mounds and the Fairy mills, the home of the brownies. I marked all those landscape with a capital letter M all over the map just as a reference from getting lost. But I can’t find the Fairy Fort anywhere when I use the spy glasses. Do ya know where the fart is located?”
“Fart, naw!”
I giggle. “Me, either. So I used my brain then accessed the real map of Fairyland,” fingers ceiling on the left side. “Now! This is my art work of the real Fairyland. The real, real map has too much stuff on it like lakes, rivers, trees, hills, houses, farms, unicorns, tunnels and other junk that I couldn’t locate in a billion years,” exhales. “Anyway my new mission is to find the Fairy Fort. On the map on the left side of the ceiling I did the same cute geometric shapes. There is the square of the land and the curve of the ocean. My house is a square and your house as a circle in the southwest. There is Britton’s house as heart in the south. I even outlined all the watcher stations as the letter U along the square landscape. The Academy is a star in the east miles from the ocean. I showed all the fairy mounds and mills too. Now! The real, real map showed the Fairy Fort in the north so I marked it with a shape of a diamond for royalty…”
“Cuteness!”
I giggle. “But I still can’t find the fort from the tall 80 foot watcher station along the extreme northeastern view with the freaking spy glasses.”
“The spy glasses are defeat-o. I bet. The Fairy Fart is huge, big, large, gigantic. No pair of fairy eyeballs can miss it, Persia,” giggles.
I gasp. “O! I didn’t think of that. I’ve been seeing but not seeing it.”
“Right, sugar!” she giggles.
I frown with puzzlement and finger the ceiling. “I found something else. The ocean water is baby blue color on the real map when I impose the real map over my art work then the ocean water flows from the ocean onto the shoreline then over the land of the Academy grounds and a little northeast. I don’t understand why. We live on an island. The tides and moon control the water. The water doesn’t flood all the landscape in the regions of the southwest, south, southeast, and northwest, every night like here at the Academy. I find that odd.”
Yachel giggles. “I find you odd actually doing research around the weather patterns, the high tides, and the flooding. Who are you, Persia?”
I giggle. “Bored out of my active mind, one! And two, bothered by my parents not believing that I possess a colored rock of magenta,” wipes the ceiling with my hands. The ceiling turns white then I sit upright both chairs. I exhale swishing my hands when the reader-table shows Sir Isaac Newton’s information. I finger the table. “The only true reference I’ve discovered about the color of magenta is that it was discovered by a human in the human world. Why would a human discover the color of magenta,” views Yachel.
She giggles and fingers the sentence on the reader-card giggling. “It tells right there, sugar. Sir Isaac Newton was not a good farmer and sent to London becoming a preacher-man,” laughs. “Only a farmer knows about rocks, caves, and dirt…”
I frown with annoyance standing from the table. I sneer at Yachel. “Time for rock inspection.”
She exhales standing.

Enchantment class. 1:10 pm
Kaapo stands at our table lifting my rock with her amber wave. “Very good, Miss Persia! You have almost sculptured all the numerous facets into a beautiful cascading array of smooth glittering stone along the sides. When you have finished…”
Apella frowns with puzzlement waving her rock from her table on the opposite side of the room. “I’m almost finished, too. When do I order my golden shell for storing my gold? I wanna get a throat choker showing off my pretty wrinkle free neckline…”
Zann laughs. “You’re thirteen years ago, Apella. We don’t have wrinkles…”
Molfalso winks at Apella. “But ya are pretty ugly for a teen maybe you’ll grow into your ears or them big monster nose holes…”
“Thank you for your personal compliments!” Kaapo frowns with annoyance back stepping from my table. She stands in front of the white wall. She exhales. “This is the fifth month of the academic year. There are four more months left. You purpose is to sculpture your rock into a gem stone. Some of the students take a very, very long time with their sculpturing process,” views Yachel. Yachel giggles slapping her hand on the chest for the nasty compliment. Kaapo views the students. “Therefore it was determined a very, very long time ago that your golden shell will be awarded in the fourth class, next academic year,” when the students boo and hiss. Kaapo shoots her amber wave across the room between the ceiling and skulls of students as the students duck for cover under the tables. “Enough! This is a rule not a democracy set by the Fairy Queen. Next year, part of your purpose is being awarded your golden shell…”
Gables frowns with confusion. “My gem stone’s almost completed, too. What am I supposed to do with a pretty gem stone other then wear it as a necklace like a girl?”
“May I address that question to Gable, Mentor Kaapo?” Molfalso chuckles.
Kaapo exhales marching to a new table. “You will continue to practice your wave and your enchantment charms during the summertime days in preparation for your fourth class. Each year the work is more difficult and more dangerous. Now! I have lectured enough. This topic is closed. I would like to see your rock, Miss Apella.”
Apella nods and smiles.

Flute class. 2:04 pm
Britton makes me outside the room holding a flute at his side. He grabs my hand when Yachel enters the classroom. She has abandoned our riding along the meadows for tooting her flute with Stad’s musical band during Flute class.
I’m not really mad since Britton has replaced Yachel for my personal enjoyment.

Watcher station.
I ride Komilly towards one of the watcher station on the northeastern side along with Britton.
He’s so happy finding his own unicorn.
I sometimes have to intersect with the mean male beast to behave without tossing Britton into the air or into the pond or into the watcher station wood.
He launches his brown wave lifting us into the balcony as we scoot around the potholes in the flooring.
I lean into the railing wearing the spy glasses. “Thanks for helping me with my mission, Britton.”
He wraps his biceps around my waist whispering into my ears. “Shore thing!”
I scan the landscape swishing the spy glasses side to side. “I still can’t see the Fairy Fort…”
“Ya can’t miss it being covered with tall vertical rows of them ugly and sharp fairy thorn trees.”
“I see the mill houses. Ya know I’ve never seen a brownie…”
“Ugly things.”
“Yachel has farm brownies…”
“Ugly things too!”
I scan the landscape. “Where is the Fairy Fort? I can’t see it or the ugly fairy thorn trees,” when he slips the spy glasses from my hands. I swing around feeling his heatness giggling. “O! I guess we’ll look for the fort later.”
He smiles. “Much later, maybe after sunset,” he kisses my lips.

Last day of the Academy
Banquet room. 8:08 am.
Each table wears a specific colored faded and patched tablecloth holding a set of excited students who are tired of both fairy sessions and wave practices. Each student chews on bread and butter with a glass of milk.
Daffodil smiles and nods on top of the platform behind a ceiling to floor curtain. The thick curtain has a dull beige background made of thousands of squares of colors like the curtain has been patched over and over again after each usage. The curtain hides the entire wall. She waves her arms for attention. “I am very happy to express that this is the last day of the Academy. Everyone has passed with a set of specific flying colors,” her pale yellow wave beams on the thirteen years old table.
The females and males turn from the color of silver into a bright red on top of their individual headpieces, first then the tablecloths, second. Daffodil scoots her wave over each table changing each tiara and halo into a new color hue.
I touch my tiara feeling the slight warmth from the color changeover, giggling and grinning at Yachel.
She touches probing her heated tiara and warming skull along with me.
Daffodil finishes her wave on the group of fifteen year old students and the twin tablecloths that change into a rich black color.
The sixteen years old students stand from the old black tables when the tablecloths disappear leaving the beaten up naked wood surface. They form a straight line on the platform starting with the shortest to the tallest students.
I frown with puzzlement. “Where are the seventeen year old like Lugina?”
“At work,” Yachel whispers.
I spread the butter on my bread. “At work, this is a session day of the Academy.”
Yachel chews, watching the students on the platform. “This is a graduation day for the students and a work day for a fairy to work in their new job performance. They’re required to leave the Academy, immediately.”
“Without a graduation ceremony or a good bye party or a hot lunch or a nice expensive gift or a wonderful something,” frowning as Daffodil stands behind the first female.
Yachel giggles. “Ya sound like a spoiled human, Persia. Watch Daffodilly do her thing!” I chew the bread.
Daffodil smiles and waves her palm gem stone above the tiara of the first female. The sculptured and polished glittering gem stone inside the female’s choker brightens into a solid wall of aqua. Then the wall rises up towards the ceiling surrounding the female in a circle.
You see only the circle of aqua.
The color touching the ceiling tiles which dropping some plaster over somebody slowly disappears descending down towards the student who is engulfed inside the circle of aqua. When the circle drops completely into the platform then disappears into the wooden platform while exploding small splinters of rotten wood and red sawdust particles, not for drama the female is presented. She wears a tiara, a gown, a cape, and a pair of sandals of aqua color with matching gem stones.
I stand with the other teens smiling, clapping and cheering. I lean into Yachel. “Does that hurt or harm her?”
“Naw.”
“Can she see us?”
“Yeah.”
“Where’da the gown and cape come from her fairy magic?”
Yachel smiles and claps. “Naw. A fairy can’t produce squat. Daffodilly can’t change a babe’s diapers, without its mama. The girl’s gem stone has the power that changed her tiara, since the gems all come from the same underground dirt wall of the continuous cave tunnels. And her fashion clothing closet brownie is standing behind the ugly patchwork curtain with a new gown, cape, and matching sandals. She just zapped them on her body during the pretty light show. This is part of the magic show at the Academy,” giggles then sips her beverage.
I nod, clapping and cheering for the rest of the sixteen years old.
Daffodil touches each tiara and halo creating an array of individual colored cylinders based on the gem stone surrounding each sixteen year old student who has advanced into the first class making the end of the academic year. Each teen will be seventeen years old during the summertime days.
After the last teen morphs into his personality color Daffodil shoves him off the stage. She raises her arms, saying. “Have a good summertime, students! We will start the new academic year in the month of August. Your parents will be landing one at a time in front of the front porch. They will signal you by gem stone. Please gather your gear waiting along the front porch. Good luck and good bye, ya’ll!”
I lean into Yachel, frowning with disappointment. “That it! No lunch. No cupcakes. No hot chocolate. We be done with the Academy.”
She giggles nods wiping the bread crumbs from her pink cape. “We be free of here enjoying the summertime days and nights,” views Stad, grinning. “See ya on the front porch and at your house, later! I’m going to say good bye to Stad,” shifts towards him.
I giggle when Britton walks to me grinning. He grabs my hand, smiling. He cuddles me dragging down the hallway in the opposite direction of the wandering teens.
I frown with puzzlement scanning the movement behind my collar bone. “Where we going, darling?”
He chuckles. “A secret place.” I face the hallway scooting over the potholes.

Watcher station closet.
He stops in front of the closet leading upstairs into the watcher station. I look to the side watching for mentors. Folks scurry around with suitcases towards the porch or suite.
“We shouldn’t take a chance launching up towards the watcher station. My mama might see…”
He opens the doors sliding me inside then closes the door. The walls are slightly glows from the bright sunlight making them dark and red from the rotten worm and wiggling worms. 
I cringe in disgust at the ugly walls when he leans into my face. He tilts my chin towards his smile. He kisses me when we emerge. I smile. “O poo! I wish I could see you this summertime days.”
Britton smiles. “Come to market! Lots of the kids hang there during the late afternoon after sleeping all morning. We can eat until we puke then go to the pond and swim then go to the trees and act like a pair of love birds,” chuckles when I giggle.
I slap his chest, smiling. “I wish. My parents are watchers. They’re free of their job performance during the summertime days. I don’t know why. I never really wondered until now. Anyways, we go to horseback riding in the meadows, boat sailing in the ocean, and camping in the forest. I guess we do the family vacation thing. I didn’t really think much about our family time togetherness until now. I have been thinking about lots of togetherness until now.”
He frowns with puzzlement. “Why didn’t ya’ll come to market, too?”
I smile. “Yachel...”
“Yachel’s involved in your family togetherness. Are you related by blood to her and her family?”
I frown with puzzlement. “No. Why do you ask?”
“You spend all your time with her this year.”
“Naw! I started out spending my time with Yachel. When my sessions became more intense I started spending time studying instead of hanging with Yachel. When I met you on our first full moon nine months ago I wanted to spend more togetherness with you instead of my sessions and Yachel,” winks and giggles.
“You still talk with her…”
“She’s my best friends,” giggles. “We’re like sisters being neighbors too.”
“You live on a farm also. I didn’t know that.”
“Naw! I live in the country with the fruit trees, the wildflower meadows, and green grazing pastures. My daddy has cows for both looking and eating,” giggles. “I like to eat ‘em more than look at ‘em.”
He frowns. “I did not know this.”
“Ya do, now. I’ll try to come to market during the summertime days. If I can persuade my parents they’re easily manipulated...,” giggles.
“You would dare to manipulate your parents.
I giggle. “I mean I will try and manage them into thinking that they need to go to the market, once, twice or more so I can see you.”
He exhales, smiling. “I hope you manage them well.”
“Me too!” my gem stone tingles on my necklace then career it feeling the warmth. “Speaking of my poor management skills, my parents are calling me for home now.”
He touches his neck clip chain viewing the blink. “I’m being buzzed too. This is our last togetherness until we meet again.”
I nod.
He kisses me.



The next e-book is Fairy Tale, Too with Persia and her fairy friends.
