Without care 
Written by Kam Carr

CHAPTER ONE
Jennifer Hopkins

“It's another sunny day here in Summerton” booms the radio presenter, with my eyes still closed I reach over and hit the snooze button. Monday already? What happened to my weekend? I toss back the cover and swung my legs out of the bed.

I stroll over to the window and sure enough the radio presenter is right, it was sunny. I could hear my crazy mother downstairs singing along to the radio. Some song about 'loving somebody'. I walk over to my wardrobe and pull back the door. It was time to get ready and prepare myself for the hell that is High School. 

After getting dressed in my usual skinny jeans and baggy sweatshirt, I finally made my way downstairs into the kitchen. My mother was sitting in her normal place at the breakfast bar, with her mirror plastering make-up on her face. Lacey, my little sister sat watching in awe. 

“Morning,” my mother smiles; not taking her eyes off the mirror whilst pouting. I have no idea why she wears that rubbish every day. She is sicking beautiful, blonde hair, flawless skin, big blue eyes and a figure that a 20 year old would be jealous of. I apparently look just like her, which I disbelieved.

She held up a lipstick as I walked over. “Here,” she held it out for me. “Why don't you wear this today?”

I roll my eyes. “No, thank you” I mumble, pushing her hand away. Everyday we had the same argument, her insisting I dressed more like her and me protesting I liked the way I dressed. 

“Come on,” she sighed, her made up over the top eyes flicking towards me. “How are you going to get a boyfriend in those baggy clothes?” I stare blankly at her with one eyebrow raised. “You should experiment,” she quietly added.

“Is that what you were doing Friday night?” 

“I was letting my hair down.”

“You’ve just met him, mom” I remind her; she shakes her head and goes back to doing her make-up. She is my mother and I love her dearly; I wish just once she would act like one. I turned my attention to Lacey and began to get her breakfast ready. 

'Letting her hair down’ – What a lame excuse, she seemed to be letting her hair down every Friday night. It didn't bother me that she wanted to have a good time, it was just she seemed to be seeing a different bloke every couple of weeks. This week it was the cop, two weeks ago it was Pete the musician and I can't even remember who she saw before that.

We had moved to Summerton just over seven months ago and it was the first place in years we had actually settled. My mother had a job as a receptionist; Lacey attended Elementary school and enjoyed it. I went to Summerton High and had actually made two decent friends. No matter how settled we were, I was always on edge. Anxious that one day someone would find us and destroy the little life we had created.
Now to top it all, she was seeing yet another man. Summerton was a little town just on the edge of the coast; it was always warm and sunny. It was a picturette American town, sometimes walking through the streets it felt like you were stuck in a time warp. Everyone knew everyone, as no one ever seemed to leave. Which meant my mother was probably the latest gossip AGAIN!

I placed a bowl of cereal in front of Lacey and took a seat take to her. We both started eating and watched my mother fanning out her hair. She stood up and smooth down her tiny black skirt, which made me cringe. Why couldn't she dress properly, she was forty and insisted on wearing those tiny nothing skirts and those tight fitting shirts.

She had every red blooded male around here lusting after her, the women obviously disliked her and she was beginning to get a reputation. It was as if she didn't care, she liked all the attention. She hadn't always been like this. I remember the time she actually baked cookies and actually got ME breakfast.

I look over at Lacey, still watching my mother as if she was the best thing since slice bread. Poor Lacey had never met the woman I had. She’d only seen her as this. Lacey was five, surely she deserved better than this. If my father was here, the second it crossed my mind my stomach turns. 

That was a stupid thing to think, he was the reason we moved around, he was the reason my mother acted the way she did. 

I’m not entirely sure what happened between my parents. I just remember being woken up in the middle of the night and being thrown in a car, going god knows where. I just knew we couldn't contact him and he couldn't find us. Still to this day she won't speak about him and I don't dare to mention him. 

“Right” my mother's voice bringing my thoughts to a stop. “Off to work. Will you be a sweetie, Jen and do the shopping tonight?” She picked her bag up from the kitchen side. “And while you're there, can you pick up my dry cleaning.”

“Yes,” I groan. 

“Thank you,” she swipes between me and Lacey placing kisses on our cheeks. Then walks towards the door, before leaving she turns and does an over dramatic bow before gliding out of the room.

Lacey laughs at our crazy mother's exit. “Mommy's funny,” she giggles, smiling from ear to ear.

“Yeah, she's a hoot” the sarcasm spilling out of my mouth. 

When I arrived at school the car park was already filled with teenagers eagerly waiting to gossip about their weekend. My mother keeps saying that this is meant to be the best time of my life, seriously? Peer pressure, the constant need of fitting in, the crushes, raging hormones and no doubt unrequient love. No, I couldn't wait to finish High School. 

I walk through the car park, not really noticing anyone and made my way over to shady part where I normally met my friends, Becks and Ali.

As always there they were both sat; Ali with a head in a book and Becks playing on her phone. As if they could sense my presence their heads looked up at me. Ali was a petite girl, long dark hair with exotic skin tone and dark eyes. Becks was on the curvy side with black hair, pale skin and sharp green eyes. 
I had made friends with them instantly. I trusted them more than I trusted my own mother. If it wasn't for them I would have remained the outsider. With them by my side, school seemed a lot easier.

“Hi,” I smiled, tucking a strand of hair behind my ear. “How was your weekend?”

“Boring” Ali groaned, closing her book. “My father made us go sailing.”

“So,” Becks began, ignoring Ali completely. “Rumour has it your mother has a new man on the go.” 

I looked down at my feet, it had got around already.  “How did you find out?” I cringed, awkwardly playing with the strap of my rucksack. 

“Ted” that must be the name of the cop. “Is a friend of my fathers.” Yep, made sense, like I said everybody knew everybody. “Apparently, Ted is very keen on your mother.”

“Tell me someone who isn't” I hissed, looking back up at my friends. I started walking towards the school building, wondering how many other people knew my mother's bedroom activities. Ali and Becks caught me up.

“I wish my Mom was like yours” Ali blurted out. I snorted and shook my head. “I do,” she insisted. 

“Your Mom seems so much fun and she has a wicked dress sense. My mother just bakes and spends all day in an apron.”

“Wanna trade?” I joked. The pair laughed at my little joke and we made our way to class. 

The morning seemed to be a blur of classes and me avoiding speaking to anyone. I had this paranoid thought that everyone was whispering behind my back, laughing about my wayward mother and the latest notch on her bedpost. If only she knew how her behaviour affected me, she was too selfish to think about anyone but herself.

It was lunch time and I entered the cafeteria. It was filled with teenagers, all divided in their own little group. The popular kids, the sporty kids, the brainy kids, the beautiful kids and then the ones that didn't seem to have a place in the school. 

I found Ali and Becks already sat eating lunch. We didn't belong to any group, which suited me fine. I had always seen myself as a leader and not a follower. Besides, who would want to be labelled? Once you left school you left it behind anyway. 

I pulled my lunch box out, opened it up and began to munch on my carrot sticks. Ali and Becks were in deep conversation and I just sat back listening, every so often adding my little bit.

A loud laughter filled the room and my eyes looked over at the popular kids' table. Of course, Chase Walker was the centre of attention. He was the leader of that little group, girls lusted after him and the boys wanted to be him. He was your classic all American boy- blonde hair, handsome, well built and the school's top football player. His family were rich too; he had the perfect life and anything he wanted at the click of his fingers.

I would be lying if I said I didn't fancy him, of course I did. After all, I am human and a girl. I quickly looked away before he noticed me staring, which sometimes he did. He would smile and I would blush, that was the only communication we had. Apart from when we were in maths together, then he would copy my answers and dazzle me with his boyish grin. 

“Ugh” Becks spat. “Would you look at her...?” Her eyes were now on that table, me and Ali followed her gaze. Chrissy Cartwright, the head cheerleader, was now talking to Chase. Her fingers running up and down his arm, her eyelashes fluttering. “Why doesn't she just put a sign around her neck? Go out with me Chase! Ugh.”

Becks hated Chrissy, apparently a few years ago, they were best friends. When Chrissy realized things were greener on the popular side, she switched over – Leaving Becks bitter and full of hatred.

I looked away again and this time in a different direction. That's when I noticed him, sitting alone in a quieter part of the hall. He was leaning back in his chair, his eyes closed.  I had never seen him before, as if he could tell, his eyes sprung open and locked on mine. 

A chill ran through my body, he was beautiful; toussal auburn hair, deep dark eyes, sculptured but angular features. He had a slender frame, but with a hint of muscle. His clothes reminded me of something an indie singer would wear, baggy jeans, a green T-shirt with an urban logo. Everything about him called out individual, one of a kind.

He frowned, pushed back his chair, grabbed his bag and stormed off. My eyes followed him out and I let out a deep breath. Who was he? My heart thumped against my chest and what was his problem? I shook my head and carried on eating my lunch. It was a small town, so I would find out sooner or later. 

“What are you doing tonight, Jen?” Ali asked.

“I have to pick up my mothers dry cleaning, do a shift at the Diner and then do some food shopping.” I made a face, and then carried on munching a carrot. Knowing my luck, I would also have to pick Lacey up from Mrs Queen; the dear old lady who lived across the road, she had taken a shine to Lacey and insisted on watching her while me and my mother worked. Then probably cook dinner and to top it all homework. 

“That' a shame” Becks pouted. “We were going to catch a film tonight. Maybe we should wait until you’re free.”

I shook my head. “You go with your plans” I gave a little smile to hide my disappointment. 

I never did average teenager things. I had a mother and a sister to take care of. 17 years old and I seemed to be the head of the household. Once again, I felt that small flame of anger towards my mother, she couldn't be completely oblivious of how much I done. Or did she not care to even notice.

The bell rang, telling us lunchtime was over. I packed my things away and followed the herd of students leaving the cafertia. Maybe if I wished hard enough life would change and I could be like other all the others. 

I don't even remember the moment she changed into the stranger she is. I am pretty sure it was sometime last year. Exactly how much fun can you have getting intoxicated and sleeping with the first person you see. I just know that I am not ending up like her, I am never getting married and I am never having children. 

I walked into Howard’s; it was our very own town supermarket. They sold everything. Mrs Howard was standing in her usual place behind the counter. Her face lighting up as I approached, she was a nice woman to speak to. However, you had to watch what you said, unless you wanted the whole town to know.

“Hi, Jen and how are you today?”

“Fine,” I lied, giving my best attempt at smiling. “I just came to get my mother's dry cleaning.” I reached into my pocket and retrieved the slip I had remembered to pick up this morning.

“Okay,” she took the slip off me. “Be back in a moment.” She disappeared into the back, leaving me alone in the large, over crammed store. The bell above the door rang and I turned, to my surprise the boy from lunch was walking in. He didn't seem to notice me and walked over to drink aisle. 

I stood on the spot for a second. It couldn't hurt to introduce myself. After all, he probably already knew about my mother. I walked quietly over to him. I've been never a confident person. I didn't normally do this. I just wanted to put a name to his beautiful face. He must have heard my footsteps as his eyes darted in my direction.

“Hey,” I said weakly.

“Hey,” he coughed, picking up something.

“Are you new?” I cringed at my poor attempt at conversation. He shrugged, putting the object in hands down and picking something else up. “My name is Jen” I added, beginning to feel a little frustrated that he was acting as if I wasn't even there.

“Look,” he spun round to face me. “I don't need a welcoming comity, okay. I am very flattered that you seem to have this need to speak to me.” His voice lowered and I was hypnotized by his eyes, they were almost black. “But don't!” He placed whatever he was holding back and stormed out of the store. 

“Here you go,” Mrs Howard had now returned with my mother’s dry cleaning. I slowly spun round and went to fetch it. “Who were you talking to?”

“I have no idea” I mumbled. “Thank you.” Without another word I walked out of the store. I began to make my way towards the Diner, my thoughts still with the dark eyed stranger with the bad attitude.

At least I knew he was new to Summerton, but why was he so hostile towards me. I know no one likes change, but there was no need to take it out on me. In fact, I was one of the few who could relate to him. It hadn't been that long ago I was the new kid in town.

I pushed through the door and the smell of fried food hit me. The place was packed with people from my school. I walked through the back, dumping my bag and the dry cleaning in the office. It was empty for a change, which meant Carl the owner, was actually doing some work.

I grabbed my apron and walked back into the Diner. I loved this place, as much as I moan about it.  I liked the vibe it had, it was bright and cheerful. I made my way over to the counter and there was Carl flipping burgers.

“Hey,” I greeted him.
“Jen” he said my name relieved. “Am I glad your here. Betty rang in sick.” I watched as he placed a burger in its basket. “Take this to table 5 for me and when you're done, collect baskets and cups.” 

I picked up the basket, turned on my heel and strolled over to table 5. I didn't even have to look where I was going as I knew this place like the back of my hand. 

“One cheeseburger and fries” I sang as I placed the basket down on the table.

“You do know it's illegal to stalk someone” my head darted up at the sound of the voice. Once again, those dark eyes were glaring at me. I felt my cheeks flush bright red. “Well, Jen” he reached for the ketchup bottle. "Have you been working here long?”

His question took me off guard and his voice didn't sound as hostile as it was in Howard’s. I wasn't entirely sure I even wanted to answer his question. I just carried on staring at him; he raised an eyebrow and placed a fry into his mouth. 

“What?” He laughed, sitting back in the booth and stretching his arm across the back. “Don't want to make polite chit chat now?”

“Not really,” I managed to say, I turned my back on him and began to clean tables. In that second I decided I was going to keep away from him. Although, he was good looking. However, he acted like a totally jackass. I had better things to do than try to make friends with someone who wasn't really interested.

Just like I had predicted I did have to pick Lacey up and I did have to cook dinner. My mother decided to come home at eight o'clock, two hours after she had finished work. By this time Lacey was in my bed and I was rushing through my homework.

She breezed into the kitchen and I could smell the alcohol on her breath. I bit down hard on my lip, to avoid saying anything I regretted in the morning. I pretended I hadn't noticed her and focused on my notebook.

Now she was drinking during the week? Could we even afford that? I could slowly see this getting out of control. Soon it would be drinking at lunch and shortly followed with as soon as she got up. 

I could feel my blood beginning to boil. Out of the corner of my eye I watched as she perched on a stool and kicked her shoes off. Every now and then she would sway and give a little giggle.

“Where have you been?” I asked.

“My boss took me for a couple of drinks,” she smiled, flicking her hair. “Did Lacey go down okay?”

“Of course,” I said, the annoyance filling my voice. Did you notice how she didn’t ask anything about me? I couldn't wait to finish high school and leave for college. Although, the thought of leaving Lacey behind with her was freighting. Gees, it wasn't even my place to look after Lacey, I wasn't her mother. I should be the one going out at night not having a worry in the world. 

She pulled a packet of cigarettes out of her purse, lit it and began to smoke. I rolled my eyes, she knew I hated her smoking as well as everything else she did. In anger, I got off my stool, took the cigarette out of her hand and threw it into the sink.

“Jen?” She sounded innocent and her mouth was open as if it shocked her. I didn't say anything. I just began to pack my books away. “What is wrong with you?”

“Me?” I laughed. “There's nothing wrong with me. Maybe you should ask yourself that question.” I shoot her a look of warning and disappeared up to my room. The nerve of that woman! How come everything was my problem? I wasn't sure how much more of this I could take and once again I was thinking about my father and what was so bad that we had to flee.

I threw my bag on the floor and dived onto my bed. I was exhausted from today and dealing with her. I closed my eyes, only to be staring back into his. He was still bugging me. Another person who thought they could treat me as if I was nothing.

I didn't have mug written on my forehead, so why did they both feel the need to make me feel weak and stupid?  I took in a deep breath and slowly let it out. I had to toughen up and stop allowing my mother to walk all over me. I had also decided I was going to have it out with the stranger and find out what his problem was. From now on, no one was going to treat like rubbish. 

CHAPTER TWO

Although in spite of my prep talk the night before, the morning was the same events as yesterday. She sat there doing her make-up while I attended to getting Lacey ready for school. During the walk to school, I had planned exactly what I was going to say to him. I had rehearsed it in my head word for word. As I entered the school grounds he was just getting out of a blue truck.

I took in a deep breath, squared out my shoulder and marched towards him. He was going to get it both barrels and he was going to learn not to mess with me, Jennifer Hopkins. As I approached, he turned to face me, a slight smile flashing across his lips and I forgot everything I was going to say.

“Well, if it isn't Jen again,” he said, still smiling. The smile never reached his dark eyes. I swallowed hard, my brain slowly turning to mush. “And what can I help you with?”

“I... I,” I coughed back the lump in my throat, he was staring at me intensely that I had a sudden urge to cry. “I want to know what your problem is.”

“If I say it's you, will you leave me alone?”

“Maybe...” my hands were beginning to shake and legs felt like jelly. Seriously, this had never happened to me before. I didn't even feel like this when I sat next to Chase in maths and I had a huge crush on him.

He tilted his head to the side, his dark hair drooping over his forehead. “Then yeah, it's you.”

His words seemed to trigger some reaction in me, my jaw clenched. “I have only been trying to be nice to you” I snapped.

He stepped a little closer towards me and I stepped back in fright. His eyes were narrow and his eyebrows almost meeting in the middle. “And I told you I didn't want It.” he looked me up and down, and then gave another half smile before walking towards school.

My heart was racing and my hands were now clammy.  My eyes still focused on him, I didn't dare to move just yet as I couldn't risk falling head first on the floor. What was wrong with him? The more he pushed me away the more I was intrigued to find out why.
A minute past and I felt stable enough to walk over to my friends. Ali once again had her nose in a book and Becks was enjoying the sunshine. I sat down next to them, still feeling a little dizzy from the not-so-worth it chat.

“I see you had the pleasure of talking with Ayden Forbes” Becks said, my head whipped in her direction with a puzzled expression on my face. She gave a little laugh. “The boy you were talking to by the truck.”

“Ayden,” I replied. “Is that his name?”

“Yep,” she pushed her sunglasses on to the top of her head. “I had the delight of meeting him yesterday in Spanish. Not much of talker is he!”

“I don't think he likes me” I admitted, although seems as Becks had the same treatment. My mind began to wonder, why would anyone have a problem with making friends? Why wouldn't my mouth work? He intimidated me and I allowed him to. I should have stuck with my first decision and just completely blanked him. He obviously wasn't going to warm to me and speaking to him was just a waste of time. At least I knew his name now, not like that made any difference, but it would stop my mind from being intrigued.

I sat down at my desk in maths, Chase was already there playing with his phone. His books were unopened and he didn't even notice as I sat down. This was my favourite class as you probably guessed. Even though he barely spoke to me, at least he was nice to me. 

Our teacher, Miss Daniels walked in and began to teach. She handed out our worksheets with a few problems that we had to work out. I instantly got to work on mine as Chase sat staring at them.

“Do you get this?” He asked, leaning towards me, I froze as I inhaled a whiff of his aftershave. Out of the corner of my eye I could see he was giving me his boyish grin, his blue eyes sparkling. I just nodded, my mouth, unable to work. “Can I copy your answers?” I gave a little laugh, this was our routine and I nodded again. “Thanks.”

He shifted his seat towards me and began to copy away. I didn't actually understand how he was getting away with this. Surely Miss Daniels would have caught on to the fact that our work was always exactly the same. I concentrated on my work again. I always made extra effort when Chase was copying mine. I didn't want him to think I was stupid.

“I'm having a party this weekend” his voice broke my concentration. This was a first. He never spoke to me about anything else but maths. For the first time I actually looked up and at him. His head was resting in one hand, his blonde hair curling around his eyes. 

“That's nice” was all I said. I was too busy looking at his mouth as he bit the top of his pencil. 

“Do you want to come?” My mouth opened and then closed. Was I dreaming? Chase Walker had invited me to a party! There had to be a catch, this never happened to me. Then it clicked...

“Oh,” I sighed. “This is some trick, right?”

He narrowed his eyes. “A trick?”

“Yeah, you invite me to some party. I show up and no ones there. Then you and your friends tell the whole school and I'm made a laughing stock.”
“No,” he smiled again, this time tapping the pencil on his lip. “I am actually having a party at my house on Saturday night. Do you wanna come?”

“Can I bring my friends?” He thought for a second and then nodded in reply. “Okay, I'll come.”

Lunch time couldn't come quick enough, I was itching to tell Ali and Becks about what was planned for our weekend. Also, this was an excuse to get away from my mother for one night. She would actually have to stay in and look after Lacey herself. I walked in to the cafeteria and over to my friends. I couldn't help the big smile on my face.

“Why are you happy?” Ali asked.

I pulled out my lunch box. “We are going to a party on Saturday” I announced.

“Who's?” Becks quickly asked. 

“Chase Walker's” I give a little dance in my chair and both their mouths drop open in shock. Ali wasn't even blinking. “Well, say something?”

“Jen,” Becks snapped. “You're my best friend and I love you, but you can't go around gate crashing people's parties.”

“We're not gate crashing. He personally invited me and my friends.” I took a bite of a carrot and my eyes wandered around the cafeteria. I didn't even mean to, but I found my eyes looking at Ayden, sat in the same place as yesterday. 

His eyes locked with mine, this time he smiled and gave a little wave. Instantly I looked back down at my lunch box, was he just been nice to me? No, I bet he was mocking me.  I don't know how to explain, but the more he pushes me away the more I want to talk to him. Does that make sense...? I no longer felt hungry and put my lunch box away.

“Oh my god, Jen” Becks voice made me jump back into reality. “Chase is looking at you.”

My eyes now turned to face the popular table, and she was right, he was staring at me and smiling. I smiled back and he mouthed, 'please come'. I just nodded and at the same time blushed, knowing my friends had just witnessed it.  What has gotten into him lately? Why am I having this strange feeling that this is just some cruel game? 

I push the thought to the back of my mind. Chase is hardly a problem, after all it's not like I am obligated to go. Then again this may be the only party I am ever invited to in my whole short teenage years.

It does feel nice for once, to actually feel as if I am settling in. Although, it’s always there. We have moved around that much its only time before we move again. If I just knew why we left in the first place I would understand things a lot better.

“I think someone likes you” Becks sings in a teasing voice. Yet once again, I turn bright red, my eyes look back at Chase and he is still smiling. If only life was that kind to me.

After school, I head straight home, Tuesday and Thursday are my days off, well from work anyway. Mrs Queen picks Lacey from school and my mother doesn't finish work till six. As I enter the house the smell of food hits me and I can hear Lacey laughing in the kitchen. This is strange. I slowly make my way towards the kitchen. I hope that Mrs Queen hasn't decided to come and cook again, she always makes a mess.

To my surprise my mother is leaning on the breakfast counter playing with Lacey. She's dressed in her tight yoga pants, a tight white vest and her red bra very visible. This is weird. I stand and watch them for a second. It was like I was playing my own little game of spot the difference, the whole scene was wrong. Firstly, why was she home? Secondly, why was she cooking and thirdly, why wasn't I telling her my mind.

“Jennifer” she finally turned and smiled at me. Jennifer? I couldn’t help but scowl at her, was this some weird dream, she had finally pushed me over the edge and made me crazy? “Why don't you go and get ready for dinner.”

It was then I noticed her eyes drift over to the far end of our kitchen/dinning room. My eyes followed and sitting at a table was a bulked up, bald headed man. Ah, now it made sense, this was all an act for the cop, who I now knew was called Ted, Beck's father's friend. 

He gave a big white smile, but the lines on his face showed it was straining for him. I narrowed my eyes, turned on my heel and headed towards my room. How pathetic is this? Why exactly was she doing this?

She's had many boyfriends, well if you could call them that, but she's never brought them home for dinner. I dumped my bag on the floor and dived onto my bed. I closed my eyes and tried to control my anger. Why couldn't she just be a Mom? Once again, my thoughts returned to my father, what was he doing? I missed him like mad. Had he met someone else, was he happy?

A single tear rolled down my cheek and I brushed it away with the back on my hand. Life wasn't fair... I wanted my old life back desperately. I missed the family trips to the ice cream parlour, I missed the visits to my grandparent’s house, and I missed my old room and friends.

I took in a deep breath and sat up. I had to go downstairs and try to save Lacey from this mess. Poor Lacey, did she even remember anything about our father?  I close my eyes and try to picture his face... I need to remember him. My heart hurts again, as I try to think back to why we left that night. What happened? As like always there is nothing, nothing to suggest the problem.

I make my way back down into the kitchen, the table is now set, for like the first time ever. She has actually excelled herself, chicken, potatoes, and vegetables. I didn't even realize she could work the oven. I take a seat opposite Lacey. Mom is sitting at the top of the table and Ted opposite her. 

The atmosphere is awkward, everyone eating in silence. My mother has a big smile on her face as if she's achieved the impossible.  I look over at Lacey, she is watching Ted in fascination and you can tell he is getting uncomfortable. Every now and then he gives her a little smile. 

“Are you mommy's friend?” Lacey blurts out. Ted nervously looks over at my mom and nods. He obviously doesn't like being put on the spot. In fact, this is very amusing. “Really? My mommy has a lot of friends!”

I choke on the mouthful I am eating and can't hold back my laughter. My mothers face has turned bright red, Ted doesn't know where to look and Lacey looks purely angelic as always. Although, this just shows how observant Lacey actually is.

“Lacey,” I smile. “It's perfectly okay for Mommy to have friends.”
“Not when they are all boys!”

“Don't you have friends that are boys?” Ted asks, even he can see the funny side now.

Her face screws up. “Ugh! No, boys are disgusting.”

“Okay” my mother sighed. I hoped that Lacey's comment had made her realize that the way she behaves is disgusting. Now my little sister had caught on surely she should know that she has to stop. “Enough with this...” Her voice almost breaking, was she actually showing emotion? As always a smile hits her deep red lips and then I knew, nothing Lacey had said had affected her. Was she numb inside? Did everything just fly over her head? 

“I'm going to a party Saturday” I announced, actually it felt good. She wasn't the only one who could go out and have fun. “Chase Walker's” I added, my eyes moving in my mother's direction and she was still smiling. 

“That's wonderful news, Jennifer” she said, why was she calling me Jennifer? “See, Ted, my beautiful Jennifer has been having a hard time fitting in. For some reason these Summerton fork have a problem liking us Hopkins women.”

I frown at her that was a blatant lie. How dare she say something like that? She knows nothing about me or school, as I never tell her anything. I could feel the steam escaping from my ears. No one likes her because, and I am not going to go round the houses, she is a slut. Always flirting with other women's husbands, picking up men at every chance she can get and throwing it in people's faces. 

I on the other hand, have two great friends and the only reason I won't introduce them to her is because she is a complete embarrassment. That and I never have any free time to socialize.

I just stare at her, with wide eyes and my mouth in a tight line. I am that angry I feel like bursting into tears. I'm her daughter and I am virtually a stranger to her. She knows absolutely nothing about me and has no interest in my life. I wish I was with my father, I wish she had disappeared on her own. 

At that moment I make a decision to stop looking out for her, stop making her life easy. I had to focus on myself. I was in need of fun and excitement. She was practically draining my life dry. I looked back at Lacey, I knew Lacey would suffer by my decisions, but I wasn't her mother. I would be there to help her with sister problems. 

I pushed back my chair in anger and stormed out of the kitchen. I could hear my mother yelling at me and I didn't care to answer her. Before I knew it, I was out of the house and walking down the road. I could do this, right! I could leave that house anytime I wanted to. Then why did I feel guilty? 

I took in a deep breath. I would go and hang out at the Diner for a while. Let myself cool down and let her fester. It was about time she dealt with that house. I hope Ted got a good look at her today and decided to run as far away from her as he could get. She didn't deserve anyone to care for her and she didn't deserve me or Lacey.

After walking for five minutes I was outside the Diner. I walked through the door and into the laughter, the brightness and warmth of the place. I ordered a soda and found an empty table. I was deep in thoughts when Betty brought my soda over to me, I even forgot to say thank you. 
Why did I have to have a mother like her? I wanted my old life back desperately, I loved living in Summerton, but it wasn't home. There was nothing familiar about it. There was nothing here for me, I couldn't spend the rest of life living in this small cramped up place. I was now more determined to go to college, maybe go back home and see my father. Well, if he was still there. 

At that precise moment I began to feel anger towards him. Why hadn't he bothered to find us? Was he glad me and Lacey had been taken away from him. Great, now I had two worthless parents, both self absorbed in their own lives and couldn't give a damn about their children.

The tears built up in my eyes and my whole body shook with rage. I and Lacey only had each other, which meant I couldn't go to college and leave her behind.

“Hi,” said a low, deep voice. I quickly brushed away my tears and looked up. To my amazement, it was Ayden standing next to the table. For once, he wasn't looking at me with hatred.

“What do you want?” I snapped, like I even needed any more grief. I picked up my soda and took a large gulp. Hoping he would take the hint and leave me alone. He did the opposite and sat down at the table. Great! Another chance for him to be cruel towards me. 

“You look like you need a friend.”

“You don't want to be my friend, remember?” 

“Yeah, about that… ” he said casually, as if it was no longer a big deal.

It was as I was corned.  I remember the way he looked at me in the store. The way his mouth was all tight and those dark eyes glaring into me. For a brief moment, he looked dangerous as if he could harm me and not feel any remorse. I shuddered just at the thought.

Now he was here, why - He wanted to be my friend? I couldn't help the little laugh that escaped my mouth. Seriously, he had to be more messed up than me. Well, if that was hardly possible?

“I know it’s funny” he added dryly. “I was out of line today.” 

My eyes flickered at him. He had his head resting in his hands and his eyes firmly on me. He no longer looked dangerous, it fact, I actually thought I saw that mist drift away from his eyes. He seemed more content, more approachable. Maybe he had realized what a Jackass he actually was.

“You just caught me off guard,” he gave a half smile. “I haven't had the warmest welcoming from the small town folk.”

That I could relate to. Mrs Howard told me that people fear newcomers to the town. They don't want the outside to interrupt the quiet of Summerton. After a few weeks I fitted in well, Carl gave me a job and I made friends with Becks and Ali.

“So,” his voice was a lot huskier now. “Is the blonde boy in maths your boyfriend?

“No!” I snorted, how anyone could think something absurd like that. Wait, maths, how did he know. 
As if he could read my mind, he answered my unspoken question.

“I sit right at the back, but you're so consumed with Chase,” he gave a weak laugh. “Chase?” he repeated. “What sort of name is that?” 

“It's a name,” I reassured. “And no, Chase is not my boyfriend. Like that has anything to do with you if he was.”

“Okay, I get your point. I’m trying really hard to apologize for my behaviour.”

“You haven't actually said sorry yet.”

He raised an eyebrow. “I was getting to that part...”

“Yeah?”

“Yes...” he smiles and I can't help but smile back. I like this new Ayden, which I shouldn't and I know I shouldn't. He was horrible to me. He made me feel like nothing as if I wasn't worthy to talk too.

“Get on with it” my voice more demanding, as I remember how he throws my attempt in my face. 
“Please,” I have no idea why I added that.

He waited for a second, his whole composure changed. I was scared again, even with a room full of people. This boy put me on edge.

“I'm sorry, Jen” I gasped and he continued. “I know I must have looked stupid. I am not used to people just wanting to be nice. And again, I'm sorry.”

My mouth opens and then closes, I get this weird feeling he is going to say 'gotcha'. His voice was sincere and I think he actually meant his words. A smile creeps upon my face and he returns it with a mesmerizing smile of his own. This time his dark onyx eyes light up and I am hypnotized by them. 

I have to pull my eyes away from him, I can feel my cheeks flaming bright red and I am chewing on my lip as I can't think of anything to say to him. He quickly stands up from the table and places his hands in his pockets.

“Well, I should be off,” he points to the door. “I'll see you at school tomorrow, Jen.” I just nod like some stupid ornament people have in their cars. He gives a quick smile and strolls out of the Diner. I take in a deep breath and my lungs burn, as subconsciously I didn’t breathe. 

Today has seriously been strange, some things good and some things not as good. I start thinking about my mother and wondering what I will find when I get home. I know I shouldn't be hard on her, at least tonight she tried. Was she trying for us or him?

I don't know and I know I shouldn't dwell on why we left my father. It's just the pain I feel for him is exhausting, and my heart feels heavy. It feels as a huge chuck of my life is missing and I don't know how to move forward.

At least I have Chase's party to look forward to and my new friendship that is developing with Ayden. Maybe life in Summerton isn't so bad, maybe it’s me that holds myself back. I blame my mother, but really, am I to blame?

After feeling I have cleared my head and reached a sort of closure. I head home, do my homework and go to bed feeling a lot more optimistic about my last few months of being 17 and in high school.
CHAPTER THREE

For the last three days my mother has been acting very weird, everyday when I get home from school or work, she has been here – cooking! She has also been asking me about my friends and how I feel I am doing in school.

The other constant thing in our house has been Ted. He's stayed over every night, and I am not actually finding him a problem. He seems to have a calming effect on my mother, and he doesn't drink, which is a good bonus.

Friday, for the first time ever, my mother stayed in. As a family which strangely includes Ted, we ordered a pizza and watched a DVD. Lacey has taken a shine to him too, and he is actually good with her. I am no longer allowed to read her a story at bedtime. Apparently, I don't do voices, and Ted does.

The night of the party fast approached, and I even allowed my mother to help me choose something to wear. Becks has been excited all week, Ali, not so much. She's not really into crowds or loud music. I have to agree with her, I am over anxious about this party.

I have this thought at the back of my head that Chase is having a joke at my expense. After a long debate with my mother, I settled on wearing black skinny jeans, a white lace blouse and my leather jacket. I straightened my hair and even allowed my mother to apply make-up. My way not hers!

The whole ride to the party in Becks car, my stomach churned in anticipation. This is the first party I have ever been to, unless you count the tea party when I was six. This is a teenage party. I am expecting drink and people getting together.

This is what scares me. I have never been kissed. I almost freak out as Becks pulls in the long drive away, which is filled with cars. As I exit the car, music pumps out of the house, and the whole atmosphere feels energetic.

“Can you actually believe we are going to this party?” Becks says, as she takes in the surroundings of the house. A big smile spreads across her face, and her eyes are wide with happiness. I feel as like I am walking towards a danger zone. Ali has remained quiet, and I know she is feeling just like me.

I don't know what to expect, will the cool kids laugh at me because I don't drink. Or will someone mention anything about my mother. I know there must be a lot she hasn't told me. Before I know it we enter the house.

The hallway is packed with people from school. As we walk past a room, I take a sneaky peak and everyone is dancing with a drink in hand. We end up walking further into the party, squeezing past people, and some actually smile at me. I can see another doorway and we have now ended up in the kitchen. It's not so crowded in here and I can hear Ali give a breath of relief.

All three of us stand there looking awkward. Becks has now lost her confident persona and her eyes are darting around.

“What are we meant to do now?” She tuts, I and Ali shrug in response.  Becks makes a face and rolls her eyes. “Great! This should be fun.”

“Hey, you came” my head turns to the kitchen doorway and there stands Chase. He's dressed in blue baggy jeans and a light blue shirt. He is smiling at me and instantly my heart flutters. His attention turns to my friends. “Becks and Ali, why don't you head into the next room. Grab yourselves a drink.”

Both my friends look at me, and I nod giving them approval. Without a word they disappear leaving me alone with him. He grabs hold of my hand and leads me out a door and outside. My mouth is dry, I have no idea what is going on. 

The garden is massive. All decked out in flower beds, water features and tiny lights that light up the large space. We walk past a pool, styled in a Greek way, the water shimmers in the moonlight and yet we keep walking through trees. I turn, and the house is further away than I expected. 

My heart is beating fast as I have no idea what is going on. Every now and then he turns and smiles, which doesn't put me at ease. Finally we stop, and I can hear running water, my eyes swipe over a lake. 

“Sorry” Chase quietly murmurs. “I should have explained where I was taking you.” 

I am speechless, this is beautiful. I sit down on the grassy bank and just stare out at the view. The lake looks like it goes on for miles. A waterfall tickles down a side of a cliff. I feel envious that he has this wonderful escape at the back of his house. I would die for something like this, I feel him sit down beside me and we sit there in silence listening to the water, the birds and taking in the fresh breeze of salt water and the great outdoors.

I have completely got over my anxiousness now, and the party seems far away. His hand takes hold of mine, and the feeling is luscious, tender and perfect. For the first time in a while, I feel calm and at ease. Chase takes his hand away from mine, stands up and walks over to a tree. My hand now feels empty, I am not sure if it was his gently gesture or the place that’s affected my mood.

He quickly returns with a rucksack and once again sits down next to me. “I brought us a few things, so we could spend a while out here.”

I can't help but smile. “You planned this?”

“Yep. Although I was a little unsure you would come or not.” He opens the rucksack and pulls out a bottle and some glasses. To my surprise it's only soda and not alcohol. “I asked Becks yesterday and she said you don't drink.”

He asked Becks and she didn't tell me, there’s a first. I doubt very much she kept that to herself. This whole thing has taken me by surprise. Looking at Chase you wouldn't think he could put so much thought into something like this. He looks like your typical jock, only thinking about sports and himself. Tonight I have seen him in a different light.

“I really want to get to know you better, Jen” his words bring a smile to my lips. “I know I should speak to you more in class, but I get nervous.” he turns his face from me and in the moonlight I swear I can see him blushing. 

I reach out and take his hand again. This is such a bold move on my part, I normally shy away from this sort of thing. His eyes move from our interlocked fingers up to my face and my breathing escalates. I want him to kiss me, desperately. 

I feel my heart pounding in my chest, my lungs gasping for breath. I feel myself moving towards him, his breath is now against my lips. My eyes fling open, and he is just smiling at me, why isn't he kissing me?

“Jen,” he sighs, his finger brushes across my cheek. “I promised Becks I wouldn't rush anything with you. She explained about you being new to all of this.”

I raise an eyebrow in confusion. Becks? A promise to Becks? I didn't realize Becks had some sort of control in my life and what I did. I am feeling a mixture of embarrassment and anger. I snatch my hand away and just glare at him.

“What exactly did Becks say?”

“She just explained you’ve never had a boyfriend before.”

“I wasn't asking you to be my boyfriend, Chase. It was just going to be a kiss!” I can't stay here a moment longer. I need to keep some pride, and I need to tell Becks to keep her mouth shut. I stand up and walk away from him. I can hear him calling my name, but I can't bear to look back. 

I'm back at the house before I know it, I race in and storm across the kitchen. I need to get out of here. I feel suffocated and not to mention stupid. It was a bad idea coming to this party. Why did I put myself out like that? 

I must have looked needy. Somehow my mother has rubbed off on me. I can see Becks in a room, holding a bottle of beer and flirting with someone from school. How could she? How could she tell my secrets and pretend nothing has happened. The bile is creeping up my throat and I want to explode. I trusted her, never again, I will never trust people so easily again. 

My eyes are filling up to the brim. There is no way I am going to cry. I carry on walking through the hall and to the front door. 

My escape is welcoming, finally I can breathe. I am never putting myself out like that again. The air is now turning colder, as I walk down the gravel driveway. I wrap my leather jacket around my body. The humiliation radiates through my body. I could see myself – eyes closed, lips puckered, and waiting for him to kiss me, only to be rejected.

As if to match my mood, the heavens open and surges down as I walk alone through the dark streets of Summerton. The party is now a distant memory, I will not get over my foolishness. I knew it was too good to be real. 

An engine growls behind me, and I hear the vehicle stop directly in my path. My eyes slowly focus and it’s a blue truck. The passenger door swings open, and I freeze on the spot.

“Get in” yells a voice, dark eyes locking with mine. “Come on,”

I enter the warmth of the truck and close the door behind me. He gives an a little nod and drives off to god knows where. My body shivers with the warmth, I am suddenly aware how heavy it was raining and how drenched I am.

I decide to focus on the music playing, the truck cabin stinks of stale tobacco, and I wonder if he is a secret smoker.

“So,” his voice cuts through the music. “Why are you walking alone in the rain?”
“Don't want to talk about it” I snarl, returning my attention back to the music. “What are you listening to?” I like the low, depressing voice it calls to me. 

The words it sings sum me up in one, 'Stranded in this spooky town '. Am I stranded? I guess yes, I have nowhere else to go and I can't turn my back on Lacey.  This town is spooky, no one ever leaves and everyone knows everyone. Nothing is a secret, which means right now, what I tried to do, everyone is talking about.

I place my hands over my face and let out a little cry.  It was just a moment of weakness, mainly on my part. I assumed, I must never assume anything again and I shell never trust another living person ever. 

“Hey” says a caring voice. I feel pressure on my leg. Through my fingers I look down and see his hand on my leg. “What happened?”

I cringe again as the memory comes flashing back, something feels like it hits my chest and I can't breath. I can feel my heart beat pounding in my ears and no matter how I try to regain my breathing it doesn’t help. 

“Okay” I heard his voice, but it sounded distorted. A hand rubbed my back softly and I focused on the touch. Slowly I began to come back to reality my breathing more even and aware the truck had now stopped moving. I looked up at him curiously, his dark eyes staring down at me. 

“It was just an anxiety attack.”

“Oh,” I murmur, feeling slightly embarrassed. My chest still hurts and I was still soaking wet. 

“Where do you live?” 

I couldn't reply. I was stunned by this caring behaviour. He wasn't like this the first time I introduced myself, so what was up with the dramatic change of personality.

“On other thoughts” he began, tilting his head as he eyed up my drench clothes. “You shouldn't go home in this state. You're pale, cold and you need a change of clothes.” 

He started up the truck and drove off. I know I should been asking questions or demanding he took me home. Truth be told, I would much rather stay with him, than have to explain everything to my mother.

I closed my eyes as I rested my head back on to the seat and listened to the music once again. This time the voice was singing about crawling. I didn't understand what the words meant, but at least the voice was making me forget.

After a little while the truck comes to a halt, I look out the window to see a little run down house. A few windows are boarded up, a little porch with a swing and the paint looks like it is falling off. 

“It’s not much, but its home” he shrugs and climbs out of the truck. Before I realize the passenger door is open, and his hand is reaching out towards me. “Come,” when I refuse to take his hand, he gives a throaty laugh. His hands reach around my waist and he lifts me out of the truck. 

“Do you think you can walk?” He asks as soon as my feet hit solid ground, I just nod. “Are you going to talk at all?” Out of habit I nod again. “Good.” He turns round and heads towards the house with me following behind.

We enter the house, and he begins to switch lights on. The inside matches the outside, a shabby sofa is on one side of the room, an old fashion TV set is on the other, and a card table with two chairs is placed against the wall. The wall paper is beige and peeling off the wall. It hardly screams home to me, and I feel sorry for him.

“Take a seat” he points to the sofa. “I'll go find you something to wear.” 

He disappears into the darkness, and I remain standing, my eyes swooping across the room again. I can't hear voices of anyone else, which is strange. Surely his parents should be home or another relative. 

I can only see his school bag dumped next to the table. There are no pictures or anything that suggests a family lives here. Is he alone? My heart breaks for him. Surely there is no way someone would allow their 17 year old to fend for themselves?

“Hey” his voice fills the room. “I have a few things which are all going to be too big, but at least you'll be warm.” He hands me a pile of clothes. “Bathroom is just in here” he opens a door to his left. I once again nod and take the short steps to the bathroom. 

“I'll make you a hot drink” his dark eyes meet mine. “Then you will tell me what happened. I'm your friend, Jen. You can trust me.”

I don't reply and enter the bathroom. His words actually bring a smile to my face, he is my friend now? I thought he had a problem with me and me being nice to him. Now I've seen his home, I can understand why he wouldn't want to get close to someone. 

I quickly get out of my wet clothes and change into the sweats and t-shirt he has kindly lent me. The sweats have to be rolled up as they are too long and the t-shirt almost hits my knees. I step out of the bathroom and he is sat on the sofa drinking from a cup. I am suddenly overcome with anxiety again. He wants me to admit what a stupid thing I did back at the party.

I sit down on the opposite side of the sofa, my fingers locked together in my lap and my lip gripped in between my teeth. 

Trust that was the word he used. I have this strange feeling that I can absolutely, hand over heart, trust him. Tonight he has shown me a kinder side, and I wonder how many other people have seen him like this.

Out of the corner of my eye, I take a sneak peek at his angular profile. His dark hair, when in the light, has a red tint. His expression is soft and friendly. Still, I know nothing about him. Why is he here? Why alone? And why did he come to my need? Was it a coincidence or was it intentional?

“What happened?” His tone is flat.

I cough and for the first time in a while I find my voice. “I did something stupid!”

His whole body turns to me and he gives a little smile. “What did you do?”

I turn my head away from him, I can't look him in the eye as I confess, and it’s too embarrassing. 
He will laugh, that I'm certain about. God, if it was anyone but me, I would laugh too. Then Monday hits me, what will happen at school? Does anyone else know? I place my head in my hands and let out a weak cry.

“Hey,” his hand is on my shoulder. I like it when he touches me, the pain almost disappears for a second. “You can tell me.”

I remove my hands and sit up straight. “I tried to kiss Chase Walker!”

He waits a second before he replies. “Tried? Exactly how does that work?”

I look at him and roll my eyes. He is seriously going to drag this out. “As in I leaned in, eyes closed and he did nothing.” I let out a sigh and shiver in remembrance. 

“Is that all?” he laughs. “The way you were acting I thought someone had died.

“It did, my pride”

“Or your ego”

“Excuse me?”

“I get it, poor old Jen never gets rejected...”

My jaw drops in shock.  I knew his kindness wouldn't last long. How dare he see me in that way, he knows nothing about me? He just stares at me without blinking. I’m going to have to tell him my secret, just to clear my name. I don't like him thinking of me like that. Once again Jennifer Hopkins is eager to please. 

“Just to let you know, I've never kissed a man” I hiss, my eyes moving away from him. 

“What? Never!” I can hear the shock in his voice, but I don't dare look at him again. I shake my head, I have lost my voice. “Oh,” he swallows loudly. “Well, I guess I should be saying sorry.”

“Mmm” I shrug, its getting a big of habit him saying sorry. I look around the living room again and decide its time to get this conversation away from me. “Are your parents working?” It’s the first thing I can think of asking. I can see him flinch a little and his mouth twists to one side. 

“I have no idea” he laughs. This catches my attention. I spin my body round to face him. His hands grip the cup, and he is staring into it.

I tuck my feet under me and get comfy as I want him to open up to me and I won't let this rest. “What do you mean?”

“I don't know what they’re up to?”

“You mean you live alone?”

“Yes.”

I take a longer look at his profile, and I have this weird sense he maybe older than me. He's frowning. The lines around his eyes and forehead are deep.” How old are you?” The words just leave my lips.
“Eighteen” he confidently replies. He looks over at me and smiles, a big hearty smile that sends my pulse racing. “You think it’s strange for someone to live alone?” He raises an eyebrow and turns to face me. “We can't all have a happy home like you.”

“I don't have a happy home” I snap back. “I only live with my mother and baby sister. We came to Summerton seven months ago.”

His smugness drifts away and now I smile. “I didn't know.”

“No, of course you didn't. You just keep assuming you know things about me.”

He takes in a shape inhale of breath. “I know, I know” he sighs. “I am really sorry I keep doing that.”

“And sorry you keep having to say sorry?” I joke.

“Yes” he says firmly. For half a minute our eyes lock, and not one of us turns away. I am suddenly overcome with affection for him. He lives alone, doesn't seem to get on with people and has looked after me during my little drama.

He jumps to his feet, almost spilling his coffee. What did he manage to read my mind? He now looks flushed as he debates to weather put the cup down or take it with him. This puts me on an edge, I am pretty sure I didn't say my thoughts out loud. He decides to put the cup down and walks over to the card table and sits down in a chair.

That's not good. Why he putting distance between us? Just when I think I have him figured out, he does a whole 360 degree turn on me. I decide to get back to the conversation we were having before he had to say sorry again!

“How come you live alone?”

“My grandmother died and left this house” he looks around the room. “My parents didn't want it and I didn't want to live with them. So...” he casually shrugs. “I thought why not get out now, and I came here.”

“I see. Where are you from?”

“Seattle.”

My jaw drops open, oh my god! “Me too” I say happily, finally I have met someone who has the same connection as me. I am too happy about this and I can't stop smiling. This feels too good to be real. I miss home like mad, and now there is someone in Summerton that might actually understand me.

“Wow” he smiles back. “Would you look at that?” He jumps up again. “I think I should be getting you home.” I just nod in reply. “I didn't think we would have so much in common.”

The second the word common leaves his lips, I feel my stomach flip. I like him, really like him, and I am going to do everything in my power to make him my best friend.

CHAPTER FOUR

After spending the whole of Sunday reliving my hour or so with Ayden, it’s finally Monday. My mother is still acting weird. Today she insisted on taking Lacey too school with Ted. Of course Lacey jumped at the chance of riding in a police cruiser. I on the other hand declined, I couldn't think of anything more embarrassing.

Ayden was waiting for me as I walked on to the school grounds. He was leaning against his truck, hands in his jean pockets and looking like your typical bad boy. I swallowed hard to compose myself before walking in his direction. He smiled at me, and I had to look away, well to see if anyone was watching.

When I say anyone, I actually mean Chase. I couldn't see him anywhere and to my surprise no one was staring, pointing or laughing at me.

“Jen” he politely greets me, with a curtious nod. “And how are you feeling?”

“Good” I nod back. “And you?”

We both slowly walk towards the school's entrance. “Good. What did you do yesterday?”

I give him the brief highlights, homework, teaching my mother to use the washing machine. Saving Ted from Lacey and red lipstick, then a short shift at the Diner. Before I realize we are standing outside our maths classroom. The dread floods through my body as I remember who I sit next beside. I’m not ready to talk to him or listen to any apology or lame excuse he has for rejecting me.

“Do you mind if I sit next to you?” I ask Ayden.

“Of course you can” he smiles down at me and walks into the classroom with me following behind. 

I don't look at Chase and walk right to the back. As I sit down, I make the mistake of looking at him. His eyes are narrowed and his eyebrow arched. He's eyes move from me to Ayden and his expression is confused. I give a little smile which he doesn't return. He turns back around and doesn't bother looking at me again. Maybe he is just pissed that he has to do the work himself today.

I pull out my books, and the lesson begins. I get lost in school, just following my time table and not really bothering talking to anyone. I have managed to avoid Becks, I know lunch is now upon me, and I will have no choice but to talk to her.

So far no one has mentioned my actions at the party. I guess Chase hasn't said anything. Which is making me feel rather guilty for refusing to sit next to him at maths?  I make my way to the cafeteria and look around the room. To my surprise Ayden is sat with Becks and Ali, they are both laughing at something he is saying. 

I slowly walk over, and he turns to look at me, I raise an eyebrow and he shrugs at my unspoken question. I pull out a chair and sit down, Becks is doing her flirting smile and look. Her big eyes focused on Ayden as her target. I have this wave of jealously hit me and then anger as I remember that she has been telling my secrets. 

“Where did you get to Saturday?” Ali asks her voice full of concern. 

My eyes abruptly turn to face her, but out of the corner of my eye I am still watching Becks. I know how full on she can be, and it seems that Ayden is falling for her charm. My stomach swirls, and I want to grab him and march him away from her. He hasn't even said anything to me, was I just a way of him getting close to Becks? Most probably, look at her. Any man would prefer her over me. I finally let out a deflated sigh, if he wants her what can I do?

“I went home” I finally answer Ali's question. “I was feeling ill...”

“Jen,” a voice says behind me. 

Ali's eyes shoot up, and a big goofy smile spreads across her face. Even Ayden and Becks flirting has come to a halt. I turn in my chair to see who has muted the table. Chase is standing behind me; his blonde floppy, dressed in baggy jeans and the school's football t-shirt. His blue eyes sparkling at me, I catch my breath and any anguish I felt about Becks hitting on Ayden is gone.

“Yes,” I cough.

“I was wondering if you would join me for lunch” he hand gestures to a free table. My first reaction is to look over at Ayden. He just shrugs and turns his attention back to Becks. Guess that's my answer.

“Okay” I weakly smile getting up from my chair and following him over to the table. I can feel eyes burning into me. This is a weird occurrence in the cafeteria. People don't normal sit with others outside their groups. I almost want to shout, “Its just lunch!” but I remain quiet. High school sometimes feels like an alternate universe.

I sit down, and Chase takes a seat next to me. Without warning his hand grabs mine and once again I feel that heat I felt on Saturday. Now I am too scared to even look or talk to him. 

“I just wanted to explain about Saturday night” his eyes are locked on our intertwined hands. “I did want to kiss you badly, but I just want to do this right. I don't want to be forceful or look like a complete dick!”

His choice of words makes me laughs, I am now relaxing in his presence, and my eyes look up at his face. He is slightly blushing, and all my insides melt. His blue eyes lock with mine and he gives a breath taking smile.

“Can we try again?” I nod. “Good. A group of us are heading to the beach on Saturday, and I want you to come. Will you?”

“The beach?” I play with the word. The idea of going to a beach fills me with dread. The beach involves swimwear, which means HE will see me in swimwear. Seriously, I can't refuse. I take in a deep breathe. “Yes.”

A massive smile grows across his face and his hand tightens on mine. “Great, I promise you will love it, Jen.” He quickly looks around, then leans over and kisses me sweetly on the cheek. “I'll talk to you later.” He kisses my cheek again, gets up and walks off towards the exit door. I can't stop my eyes from following, before he leaves he turns and waves.

I feel giddy and so happy. After spending all that time thinking he would tell everyone and cause me harm, I now know he isn't like that. A huge weight has left my shoulders, and I can't stop smiling. Saturday at the beach with him is sounding better by the second, even if it does involve me wearing a swim suit.

School is over for the day, and I make my way home. I still haven't spoken to Becks, even though it has all worked in my favour. I'm still angry that she thinks she has the right to tell everyone my secrets.

“Jen,” I look up and see Ayden leaning against his truck. Oh, now he finally talks to me! I'm surprise Becks isn't following him like a stray dog.  My legs defy me and I end up walking in his direction. I let out a groan of annoyance as I watch the smug expression swipe across his face. 

“What?” I mutter, by fingers playing with the strap of my rucksack. He refuses to answer and I stare blankly at him. I am beginning to get annoyed. “What do you want, Ayden?”

He stands up straight and towers over me. “I thought you could help me with the maths homework.”

“And why would I do that?”

“Because we're friends and that's what friends do.”

“I'm pretty sure Becks would be more than willing to help you with homework.” My voice hisses her name, she is meant to be my friend or vice versa, I'm not sure. It’s just since lunch time I can't bare to look or speak to her. That's really bad, considering how nice she has been to me since I moved here. At first I thought I was mad because she told my secrets but now... I don't know.

He snorts. “Becks and maths?” He tilts his head to the side and rolls his eyes. “Seriously? Come, we will go to your place.”

“Can I refuse?” I dryly reply, waking round to the other side of the truck.

“No!” He smiles and gets in - Looks like we’re doing homework at my house. Great, he is going to meet my mother. Oh lords have mercy on my soul!

We are lost in our maths homework. He doesn't need my help which I knew all along. Maybe he didn't want to go home and be lonely. My mother is playing her favourite role at the moment, bringing us cookies and soda. She keeps lingering much longer than she should and she is putting me on edge.

At least she is covered up today and she keeps calling me 'honey'. She never calls me honey. Seriously, this woman is beginning to make me dizzy with all these mood changes. I know it’s all an act, why can't she just be herself. Maybe I should do some research, maybe she has a personality disorder.

“Are you Jen's boyfriend?” Lacey is now sat at the table.

“Lacey!” My face is bright red and my jaw almost hits the table. I can't believe how embarrassing my little sister is. Okay, it was funny when she did it to my mother, but not to me. Why has she got this fascination with boyfriends all of a sudden?

“Jen, relax” Ayden laughs, he turns all his attention to Lacey. “Yes, Lacey, I am Jen's boyfriend. I am a boy and she is my friend.”

“Dur!” Lacey rolls her eyes. “I know what boyfriend means.” She sits back in her chair and crosses her arms. “My friend Sally says her big sister has a boyfriend and they kiss a lot.”

“We don't kiss” I quickly add. “That's a different sort of boyfriend.”
“Yeah, Jen saves that for Chase.”

“You kissed Chase?” It’s now my mother's voice talking and she sounds too happy. I glare over at Ayden, who is suddenly absorbed in his homework.

“No, mother, I didn't” I forcefully say.  Great, now I can't concentrate on my homework. I let out a deflated sigh and I notice Ayden trying to hide a smile. He's laughing at me and I have a great idea on how to wipe that smile off his face.

“Although,” I begin. “I might kiss him this Saturday at the beach.” My mother starts jumping on the spot in with excitement. Ayden has dropped his pen, eyes wide and mouth open. Lacey is pretending to be sick. I stand up in triumph. “Oh well, looks like homework can wait. I have work!”

The next few hours are spent at the Diner I actually have a spring in my step. The vision of Ayden's shocked face is something I can't stop laughing at. I sing along to the juke box as I collect baskets and glasses.  I help Carl clean up and then its time to head home. 

I know my mother is going to go crazy with excitement the minute I walk through the door.  No doubt she is going to insist helping me out with bathing suits and tips on kissing boys.  I have this weird feeling she has waited my whole life for this. She will probably see it as passing on her wisdom.

“So, the beach this Saturday with Chase.” I look up and Ayden is sitting on our porch step. 

“Yep” I smile. “What are you still doing here?”

He shrugs and gets to his feet. “Your mother insisted I had dinner with her and Ted.” He stands right in front of me, his eyes not looking anywhere but at me. I feel slightly small as he towers over me, my heart races and his scent invades my senses. Our eyes are locked and unintentionally I feel myself licking my bottom lip. What? Now I want him to kiss me? I close my eyes and break that connection. Just like I told Lacey, we are friends that don't kiss. Besides, he has a thing for Becks.

“I'll see you at school tomorrow” my eyes fling open and now he is next to his truck. I am still panting, what is wrong with me? I give a little wave and race into my house. I must never respond to him like that again. It was a stupid thought, but why did my body act that way? Why do I get jealous when I think of him with Becks? Maybe I have inherited my mother’s crazy gene after all.

CHAPTER FIVE

Saturday arrives, and I am a bundle of nerves. I can't even manage to eat breakfast. My hands shake as I pack a bag ready for the beach. I look up at the clock and I have exactly five minutes before Chase picks me up. 

I adjust the straps on my yellow sundress and place a strand of hair behind my ears. Now I think maybe I should change into trousers. I shake my head, the reason I choose the dress was to wear my swimsuit underneath. That is still making me cringe. Chase is going to see me in a two piece. I know my body is okay, it’s just some times I wish I was little curvier like my mother.

The doorbell rings and before I get a chance to get there I can hear my mothers voice. “Well, hello, Chase. Jen has told me so much about you.”

I rush to the door and glare at her. Chase is stood smiling at my mother in his normal outstanding way. My mother is smiling back and fluttering her eyelashes. Gross! I push her out of the way. I quickly hurry my goodbyes and leave. I grab Chase's arm and pull him away from my mother. 

“Bye Honey” she calls behind me. What is with all this honey business?

“She seems nice” he says as we walk towards his shiny silver convertible BMW. The car screams wealth and I take an instant dislike to it. “Is your mother always that friendly?” He asks as he opens the passenger door for me. Is he trying to be funny? I don't answer and get into the car. My whole body sinks into leather seat.

Now we are alone in the car I once again feel nervous. I watch him climb in and start up the engine. My eyes take him in, his blonde hair isn't gelled today and he is dressed in shorts and a baggy T-shirt. Typical surfer, the white T-shirt brings out his golden sun kissed skin. I swallow hard as his eyes drift over to me.

“You look pretty today, Jen.” His pushes that loose strand of hair behind my ear. My cheeks flush bright red and I squirm in the seat. How am I going to get through a whole day with him? I take in a deep breath and just smile. 

The beach is filled when we get there, a few faces I recognize from school. People sunbathing, some surfing, a group have got a barbeque going and I also notice most people have a drink in their hands. I get out of the car and follow Chase, when his friends see him they all cheer. However, their eyes look at me. I guess they’re probably trying to figure out what I am doing here. 

“Hey” it's Chrissy Cartwright that races to us. She is smiling at me and it looks guinine. I can't help but look at the tiny two pieces she is wearing. She looks amazing and now there is no way I am taking off my dress with her around.

Without warning she pulls me into a hug and I am taken back.  “I’m really glad Chase invited you.” she says as she pulls away. “He has been driving us nuts.”

I look over at Chase and he’s flushed bright red. He grabs hold of my hand and pulls me away from the friendly Chrissy. I know I am smiling. He’s been driving his friend’s nuts...How? Does he talk about me? I feel the flutter of butterflies in the pit of my stomach. We come to a halt and Chase sits down pulling me with him.

“I'm sorry about Chrissy” he smiles and his thumb brushes the palm of my hand. “She has been begging me to ask you out. She knows I really like you.”

“Its okay” I smile, my voice is very breathy. He slowly turns to face me and my eyes lock on his lips. I quickly turn away, there is no way I am messing up this time. I have managed to of gotten a second chance and Chase likes me. Wow!

“Jen,” his finger brushes along my cheek and my head turns in his direction. He is closer now, I can smell his scent and my heart beats fast. I swear if he doesn't kiss me now I am going to combust. 

“May I?” I nod, my breathing slowly getting heavier. 

He leans forward and softly brushes his lips against mine. I close my eyes and welcome the sensations. His lips are soft, his hand moves up in my hair and I swear I let out a little moan as he steals another kiss. Without warning he is gone and I want to grab him and pull him back. I slowly open my eyes and he is smiling back at me.
“Wow” he lets out a little air from his mouth. “Amazing” he kisses me on the cheek and jumps up. 
“You wanna go for a swim?”

Eugh! Just when everything was going well, he has to bring up the swimsuit subject. I look around the beach and it seems everyone is wearing swimsuits. No one else seems to care, so why do I? 
My eyes wonder a little more and then it feels like something has hit me hard in the chest.

My jaw drops open and I can't stop blinking. What is he doing here? Becks is sat right beside him looking fab in her swimsuit. All of a sudden I feel competitive knowing I would look much better. As if he can sense me, he looks over and waves. He has that smug look on his face. I wave back and get to my feet. I don't what he is playing at, but if you can't beat them, join them.

I take in a deep breath and pull my dress over my head revealing my black binki. I look over at Chase, his eyes are wide and he is just staring at me. He must like what he sees. I then turn and look at Ayden. He shrugs his shoulders and mouths, 'nice'. What an arrogant bastard! Becks rolls her eyes and lays back down. 

I bet no one even invited them here.  I am not going to allow them to ruin my day or my date with Chase. I have dreamt about this for the last few months. I walk over to Chase and for some reason I wrap my arms around his neck. He instantly pulls me against his body and his lips find mine again. 

Right in the middle of the beach we start kissing. I can hear a few people cheering and then Chrissy yells “Finally!”

As I pull away, I feel embarrassed but slightly proud of my bold move. Chase is grinning from ear to ear. He looks like he has won the lottery or something. I turn on my heel and walk towards the sea, my hips swaying from side to side. For some unknown reason I look over my shoulder and Ayden is staring at me. His eyes narrowed his mouth tight and all my insides melt. Was he the reason I just did that?

After mine and Chase's swim we join his friends. He won't leave my side and his hand is permanently locked with mine. He keeps asking me if I am okay and running his hands through my hair. His friends are actually okay. Becks always made out they were a bunch of stuck up snobs, but they have been very welcoming to me.

“So Jen,” Chrissy smiles sitting down next to me. She has now covered up her amazing body with a t-shirt and shorts. “Who are you taking to the dance?”

The dance. I hadn't even thought about it. This is the first time I have spent time in one place long enough to actually go to a dance. Its girls ask boys dance. My eyes look over at Chase and he leans towards me.

“Yes, I would love to go with you.” 

I swear my heart just slammed against my chest, I feel as if I am living in my own private movie. His lips brush against my cheek and without thinking my free hand moves up into his hair and it feels amazing. I am finally feeling and doing all the things I have read about in romance novels. We can't stop looking at one another. It’s as if we are trapped in a spell.

“Alright, that's enough” says a voice. It’s Becks, standing over me with her hands on her hips and tapping her foot. “If you would excuse Jen, I want a word with my friend.” Before I can protest she is pulling me up and dragging me away from paradise. 
“What are you playing at?” She asks as we move further away from the group.

“Excuse me?” I stop and pull my arm out of her grip. This is the first time we have spoken in a week.

“You! Parading around in swimsuits and throwing yourself at Chase. This isn't you, Jen. You’re making yourself look easy. In fact, you’re reminding me of your mother.”

“Becks!” I yell, looking mortified. I can't believe she just said that, I am nothing like my mother. I finally feel as if I fit in here and she has to destroy it with her bitter jealousy. She's always wanted to be one of Chase's group. That's it! That's why she said all that stuff to Chase. She was trying to make me look stupid.

“I can't believe you just said that” I scowl. “You know how much I like Chase.”

“I also know how much Ayden likes you!”

“Ayden, what has he got to do with it?”

She shakes her head and shrugs. “Forget I even mentioned him.”

“No! Tell me what you meant.” I should have known Ayden had to be behind this. “What do you mean he likes me? You’re with him.”

Becks laughs and begins to walk away. “You’re in denial, Jennifer. Open your eyes, take a look around.” She turns her back on me and walks back in Ayden's direction.

Now I am seriously confused, what did any of that mean? Ayden likes me and I like Chase. Why would she been mean like that? I haven't done anything wrong and I don't think my behaviour was out of line. I’m just having fun. No, she is jealous. I have spent two years wanting to fit in somewhere, wanting a normal high school experience. I finally have that, my mother is settling down, my sister is happy and I have a life.

She is just pissed that it isn't her, that's all. Well as far as I’m concerned, she and Ayden are welcomed to each other. I have to cut them out and stop being friends with them. There is only six months left of high school and I am going enjoy every moment of it. For the first time in my life and I am looking after number one and to hell with everyone else.

***

Chase has been ringing and texting me constantly. Tonight my mother is going out with Ted and Chase is coming over. This is the first time we are actually spending time alone and I feel a wave of excitement wash over me.

I have avoided Ayden and Becks. Although I do feel as if I have been abandoning Ali. I like Ali, she is such a great friend. I also enjoy spending lunch with Chase and his friends. Maybe next week I could invite her to have lunch with us and bring her over to the dark side. That's what Becks described Chase's group once. 

I apply a little more lip gloss just as my mother enters my room. She actually looks classy in a back cocktail dress. Ted is taking her out for a meal to celebrate their one month anniversary. I can't believe she has actually stayed with one person that long.
“We will be off in a few minutes” she smiles, taking a seat on my bed. “Wow, you look beautiful, honey.”

I have to admit I do, it’s as if overnight dresses and make-up have become my best friends. I think it was the beach that gave me more confident. I actually like the way I look at the moment and Chrissy has been giving me a lot of tips on hair and make-up. I feel like a whole new person, and I am actually looking forward to shopping with Chrissy at the weekend. I am going to buy my first ever dance dress. Everything feels new and exciting.

“I love that shade of eye shadow” she points to my smoky eyes. “On serious matter” she sits up straight and her voice sounds more authorizing. “Sex!” My eyes widen and I feel the heat in my face.

Is she seriously going to have this talk to with me? I shouldn't complain. I have waited and prayed for months she would turn back into my mother. 

“What about it?” I sigh, as I put my things away. I am just playing along as I don't want to hurt her feelings. I like her like this and I am really happy Ted came along when he did. He has been a breath of fresh air for her. I can't even think of her being that selfish, uncaring person again.

“I'm not going to explain ins and outs as I think you already know about babies and protection. However, I do want you to know that it is completely up to you. Don't let him put pressure on you and insists he wears something.”

I move over to my mum and I actually hug her. I haven't hugged in over a year. I feel my eyes welling up. I have missed her and its times like this I think about my father. I wonder what he would of thought about Chase. Would he of had the father talk with him?

“Thank you” I kiss her on the cheek. “Chase is a nice boy and won't rush me into anything.”

My mother raises a perfect eyebrow and gives me the 'yeah right' look. “All boys seem nice to start with. They have one thing on their mind and before you know it, you're pregnant, playing house and they are lying to you.”

I stand up straight and take a good look at her. She is staring a head and blinking back tears. Her last words play in my head... 'They are lying to you.” What did she mean? I can't let this lie. 

“Did Dad lie to you?”

She gives a little laugh and shakes her head. “They all lie, honey. It’s in their DNA.”

“Does Ted lie to you?”

“No” she says with a huge smile on her face. “Ted is in a different league.” She slowly stands up and places a hand on my shoulder. “Just keep one step ahead.” 

I watch as she walks out and my thoughts are confused. Is that why we left my father? Did he lie to her? I try to think back to before we left and once again it’s blank. I have this undying urge to question her further, find out exactly why we are in Summerton. She looked so sad as she thought about him. Is there a chance she still loves him? Did she want to leave him? I guess I will never know as I never want to see her pained expression again.

Chase arrived ten minutes after my mother left with Ted. My mother has excelled herself, she has thought of everything; movies, pizza, popcorn and soda. I am feeling very nervous as me and Chase take our places on the sofa. I can't bear to make eye contact with him, I stare down at my hands and we sit in silence.

“I like your dress, Jen” his voice is shaky and I wonder if he is nervous too. He sits back on the sofa, reaches out for my hand and pulls me towards him. Now I can't help but look up at his beautiful face.

“There’s no need to be nervous around me” his voice is low and his eyes softly look down at me. 

My heart thumps, blood rushes through my veins and I want nothing more than to kiss his soft moist lips. My hand moves up his chest, he flinches under my touch and my hand moves round to back of his neck. Our lips meet and a fire erupts inside of me. I love the way his fingers gently play in my hair and I love the way he smells. 

I pull away, breathing heavily. I would love nothing more than to spend the next through hours kissing him, but my mother has made an effort. I jump up and grab the DVDs off the side. I spin round to face him and he is smiling at me, which melts my hand. How can anyone look that cute? I quickly gather myself and carry on with what I was doing.

“We have 21 Jump Street or” I raise an eyebrow at my mother's choice. “Magic Mike.” should have guessed she would pick them. She has a huge thing for Channing Tatum at the moment. Tell the truth both movies don't appeal to me.

Chase holds out his hand and I place the DVDs down. I make my way back to him gracefully, my hips swaying and place my hand in his. He pulls on my arm and before I know it, I am laying on the sofa underneath him. I look up into his blue eyes and I feel something I have never felt before. I like the weight of his body pressed against mine. There is a new desire for him and I feel myself licking my lip.

“Let’s not watch movies” he is almost growling as his lips crash on to mine. I gasp at the shock and his tongue enters my mouth. My hands grip hold of his shoulders and I feel myself falling deeper into his kiss. My own tongue moving against his and I swear he groans in my mouth. 

I need more, my hand moves up the back of his shirt. I feel his back flex under my touch, his own hand reaches for my thigh and takes a firm grip. Our kiss becomes hungrier and I still need more. Even though we’re pressed together tightly, I feel there is still a barrier between us.

Without warning Chase sits up and runs his hands through his hair. I stare up at him blinking, wondering what made him stop. He looks back down at me and smiles.

“Sorry” he whispers. “I just want to take this slow and if we carry on...” He lets a little air out of his mouth. “I don't think I will be able to stop and I don't want you to think that is all your worth.”

I can't help the grin on my face as I sit up and adjust my dress. I wrap my arms around his neck and hug him hard. “That's sweet of you, Chase.” At least one of us has some self discipline. I am still trying to gain my breath back and my mind is racing with new thoughts and feelings.

For the rest of the night we watch TV and innocently kiss and hug. Something has switched on inside me and kissing doesn't seem enough. Surely I am not ready to go further, mind wise no, body wise yes. That night I dream of bodies’ moulded together, heat and Chase. I swear once during my dream....  Ayden.

CHAPTER SIX

The week that followed was amazing. I enjoyed everyday of my life. Chase would pick me up everyday for school and was the most caring boyfriend a girl would want. My mother brought me the most gorgeous prom dress. Becks still had a problem with me and Ayden barely said a word to me. Ali was having her own romance with a boy called Travis from her French class.

I thought I was walking on cloud nine, with my first dance on Friday and my 18th on Monday, I had tons to look forward to. I skipped in the cafeteria on Wednesday, Chase wasn't at school today. He was playing an away game in another town. I scanned the room and looked at my old friends and then at my new ones.

I pang of sadness flooded through me, I really did miss them. They were all laughing at something a red haired boy was saying, my guessing that was Travis. As Ali was fluttering her eyelashes and had a dreamy look on her face. Ayden looked up and our eyes meet. That familiar chill ran down my spine as he gave a little smile and then turned back to talking. 

Why did I now feel guilty? I had turned into one of those girls who put boyfriends before their friends. In fact, everything in my life now surrounded around Chase. I had to make amends. I had to give both set of friend’s attention. I took in a deep breath, straightened out my shoulders and strolled over. No one looked at me as I sat down at the table.

“Hey” I said weakly.

“Jen,” Ali beamed. “Hi. Haven't met Travis yet, have you?” I gave Travis a little smile and then looked round the table. Becks was scowling as she looked down at her phone and Ayden was staring intensely at me.

I now felt small and unwanted. This was all my own doing. I had ignored my friends and this was my punishment. I could feel the tears welling up in my eyes and I kept blinking to hold back. I looked down at my hands locked together in my lap. Maybe I didn't belong in this group or maybe I never fitted in.

“So, what you been up to Jen?” A chair is pulled out beside me and I can smell Ayden's scent. I look out of the corner of my eye and he has taken the bold move to sit next to me. Relief rushes through me, does this mean he doesn't hate me?

“Not much” I mutter. “You?”

He lazily lounges back in the chair and drapes one of his arms over the back on mine. “Not much either” he laughs. “Are you going to the dance?”

“Yes.”

“With Chase?”

“Yes.”

There's a loud bang and we all look over at Becks. “Why are you sat with us, Jen?” She says with annoyance. “What? No Chase to hang off from today.”
My jaw drops open, but I should have expected this. It’s unlike Becks to not say what she is feeling. I nervously bite down on my lip and bow my head in shame.

“Ah, are we meant to feel sorry for you?”

“Becks!” Ayden hisses, with a hint of anger to his voice. “Enough!”

“No!” She yells, her fist hitting the table again. “What has happened to you, Jennifer? Ever since you’ve been with Chase, you’ve forgotten about us. I don't even recognize you anymore. Everything about you has changed. You’re turning into a Chrissy clone!”

“That's not fair, Becks” I reply. “And I admit I shouldn't have forgotten about you and I am sorry.”

“Sorry?” Becks snorts. “I'm just sorry I wasted my time becoming your friend. I should have left you as the lonely new girl.” She points a finger at me, as if she is trying to get the whole cafeteria to look who she is yelling at. “If I'd known what an utter bitch you are.”

I push back in my chair and storm out of the room. I can't believe she just called me a bitch that was out of line. Yes I have been an awful friend, but I am not a bitch. So what if I have decided to change the way I look. It just means I have more confidence, that's a good thing.

I push open a door and step outside, my throat is sore from trying to hold in my sobs, my eyesight blurry from tears.

I stand still and take in a big lungful of air. Why was she mean like that and in front of everyone? Is it jealousy or am I really a bitch? The tears stream down my face. A few people walk past me and raise an eyebrow. Great, not I am a pathetic cry baby. I wish Chase was here and I wish I had never gone over to that table.

“Jen,” says a soft voice. I turn round and there is Ayden. Before I know what I am doing, I crush 
into him and cry against his chest. His strong arms wrap round me and holds me firmly while I cry uncontrollably. “Sshh,” he breaths against my ear. “Let’s get you out of here.”

We sit in his truck in silence, the tears have dried up now and I feel embarrassed that he saw me cry. I dabbed my eyes and wonder what a mess I must look like. My mind keeps playing what Becks said to me and it makes me wonder if Ayden thinks the same.

“Music?” he asks, I don't reply and he switches on the radio. “You shouldn't listen to Becks.”

 I look over at him, his head is resting against his seat and he is listening to the music. His eyes are closed and his dark hair frames his face. I take that moment to drink him in, he looks relaxed and at peace with everything. Maybe he doesn't think what Becks think.

“What do you think?”

“About what?”

“What Becks said, do you think she is right?” I can't help but feel nervous, out of all my friends, I know for a fact what he thinks will bother me more. 

He opens his eyes and turns his whole body towards me, a smile dances on his lips. “No,” I return his smile with full of relief. “I think you're just a girl who has discovered herself.” His hand swipes towards my dress. “You look amazing and you are full of confidence.”

I reach out for his hand and give it a friendly squeeze. “Thank you,”

“For what?”

“This is the second time you have come to my rescue” I laugh, looking into his dark eyes. I can't believe that I use to be intimidated by them. Now I could stare into them all day. Ayden is the first to break away from our stare and hand holding.

Both of his hands run through his hair and I get the feeling he is edgy. His mood instantly changes and he abruptly switches off the radio.

“We should head back to class” he rushes at me, as he opens the door. 

I take that as a hint he is now bored of me or wants to be alone. I just nod and get out of the truck. I make my way back to school with Ayden following behind. I still feel horrible. Beck's words have cut deep.

“How about we hang out tonight” Ayden asks.

“Sure” I smile, Chase won't be back till late and it beats sitting alone digging through memories.

“Good” he smiles. “Meet you here after school.” Before I can reply is running towards his next class. At least I have one friend left, but I really need to find a way to make things with Becks right. I can't lose her over a boy, even if that boy is Chase Walker.

Just like Ayden said he is waiting for me after school. I smile at the sight of him leaning against the wall, hands in pockets and staring at the door. The second he sees me a massive smile grows across his face. You can't help but notice how good looking he is. At that thought my cheeks flush and I begin to think about the heated dreams I have had recently.

I suck in a breath and try to regain myself as I walk over to him. “Hey” I say quietly. He begins to walk towards his truck and I follow. Exactly what is wrong with me? I think Ayden is good looking; he's caring and always treats me nicely. So, why am I not with him? We have an attraction. I can feel the electricity between us. Maybe I value his friendship more, and then on the other hand, I have lusted after Chase since I moved here.

I shake my head to get rid of my thoughts, I am just being stupid. No, I don't want to be with Ayden. However, it would make my life easier if I saw someone in my group. Becks wouldn't feel like I was abandoning her. 

“What do you want to do?” Ayden asks, as we both climb into his truck. “Want to go to the Diner?”

“No” I quickly respond. “It’s my day off and if I go there, Carl will probably make me work.”

“My place?”

“Sure. After all we have that homework to finish.”

“Cool,” he groans as he starts up his truck. “Homework!”

The second I walked into Ayden's little house the same feelings began. It looks unkempt, lonely and sad. How could he live alone like this? There wasn't even a photo of anyone. I began to wonder what his parents are like. Why did he insist of coming here and being alone? My heart bleeds a little for him.

“I guess we should get you something to eat as you missed lunch.” 

Ayden's voice pulls me from my thoughts, he points to the kitchen and I follow. My eyes moved around the large open space, the kitchen seemed different from the living room. It was bright, large and airy. As some would say, 'the heart of the home.' I made my way over to a large wooden table and sat down. My eyes followed Ayden as he moved around the kitchen making food.

I couldn't imagine not living without my mother, even though she can sometimes be a thorn in my side. She was getting better. She was covering herself up and sticking to one man. Ted had tamed the wild animal within her. At least Lacey had someone to look upon as a father figure and maybe now I could actually think about going away to college. Even though I knew the dead lines were almost coming to an end.

I let out a deep sigh, my life was horrible. When one bit got into place another area seemed to become muddled. What was I going to do about Becks? I know she probably hated me. After all I'd done exactly the same as Chrissy had done to her. At the end of the day, couldn't I just be friends with everyone. These groups or titles didn't actually mean anything. Ali didn't seem to mind, so why was Becks taking this personally.

“Deep in thought again?” Ayden placed a plate down in front of me. I shook my head, what I was thinking wasn't even worth it. “Well, eat!” He commanded, pushing my sandwich towards me.

“Don't tell me you live off sandwiches?” I joked, picking it up and taking a bite. It was actually really good, which surprised me.

“No,” he smiled. “I can cook. Although, I pretty much eat at the Diner.”

“Seriously?” I joke; he gives a deep throat laugh and carries on eating. We sit there in silence and it feels comfortable. When I am with Chase, I am always trying to think of things to say or he talks non-stop about his sports. 

“You excited about the dance?”

I can't help but smile. “Yes. This is the first dance I've ever been to.”

“I'm pleased for you, Jen.” His voice sounds warm and I genuinely believe he is happy for me. “You deserve good things to happen to you after what you've been through.”

The smile drops of my face and I stare at him dumb stricken. “What do you mean by 'What I've been through'?”

He looks like he's been slapped in the face, runs his hands through his hair and swallows hard. “Sorry. I am just assuming things again. After all, you only live with your mother and I just assumed something bad happened between your parents.”

“Oh” I reply, feeling slightly taken back. No one here has asked about my family or asked why we came here. Even I don't know why, it just shows Ayden is very observant and in tune with other people. I think I like him more now, its then I realize I am staring into his dark eyes, losing myself in the dark honey brown and breathing heavily. The corner of his mouth lifts and grows into a little smirk, yet, I don't look away.

“I like your eyes” I confess without thinking.

“Thank you,” he begins fluttering his eyelashes as to make a joke out of what I just said. I couldn't help the pathetic girly giggle that escaped from my mouth. “Are you going to the dance?”

He screws his face up. “Yep” he almost cringes as he answers.

“With Becks?”

“Jen,” he sighs. “Let’s make this clear, right now.” 

His hands rest on the table palm down and he leans back in his chair. His eyes stay focused on me and I can feel the heat rising up through my body. I don't know why I react this way every time he looks at me. 

“There is nothing going on between me and Becks. Becks is a very nice girl, but I have no desire in taking anything further than going to the dance with her.” A little air escapes his lips and his expression has turned serious, his brow almost meeting in the middle. “I was actually hoping you would have asked me...” his voice trails off.

My hand automatically reaches out and rests on top of his. His skin is so warm and soft, electric shoots through my entire body. His whole body stiffens by my touch and his eyes have widened and he isn't blinking. Without warn he pushes his chair back and jumps up, clearing up the plates.

“We should get started on homework” he says, his voice abrupt and he is avoiding all eye contact with me. 

I fold my arms, my hand still tingling from touching him. My eyes follow as he cleans up, why did he always do this? The minute our friendship had deepened, he would pull away from me. For the rest of time I was at his, we sat in silence doing homework. Even when he drove me home, he just grunted in my direction. Although, he did say bye as I climbed out of his truck. Then he hastily drove off.  

I lay on my bed staring up at the ceiling. Ayden was still playing on my mind. I know I should have been thinking about my boyfriend. For some insane reason Ayden was all I could fantasize about, my heart raced as I imagined kissing him. Those dark eyes filled with lust and desire for me. His warm soft hands caressing my naked body. I couldn't stop the moan of disappointment leaving my mouth. I did want him, in spite of myself saying he was only my friend, I did want more.

That's when Chase popped into my head and the dance. The dance -- that Ayden had wanted me to ask him too. What was I going to do about Chase? It was unfair to lead him astray, especially when Ayden was making my feel like this.

 I knew what I had to do, after the dance I would have to break up with Chase. I wouldn't explain exactly why, there was no need for him to know that I was in love with Ayden.

I gasped and sat up, my eyes blinking and my whole body shaking. In love? Did I just say to myself I loved Ayden? How was that even possible, yeah I got jealous when he was talking to Becks. When I am near him my whole body reacts in a weird way, which I don't even understand. He sends my heart racing, my breathing crazy and I loved when his strong arms embraced me. 

I let out a deep breath, was that love? Yes, I believe it is. Oh god, I do, I love Ayden. I want to be near him all the time. I flopped back down on my bed and reached over for my phone. I had to hear his voice. I couldn't wait for tomorrow. I opened my contacts and clicked on Ayden's number. Before I could back out I pressed call, I had no idea what I was going to say.

It rang and on the second ring he answered. “Jen, what's up?” I couldn't get my mouth to work, after a second he spoke again. “Oh Jen, your not doing one of those heavy breathing calls on me, are you?”

“NO!” I yelled in disgust, before his throaty laugh rang through my ear. “I just wanted to make sure you were okay. You seemed a little out of sorts with me.”

“I know” he sighed. “I don't know why I acted like that. I'm sorry, Jen. So, is that the only reason you called me.”

“I have also been thinking about breaking up with Chase.” The second it left my lips, I hit my forehead with my hand and cringed. Why did I tell him that?

“And why would that be?” He sounded amused.

I bite down hard on my lip as I tried to think up a believable answer. I couldn’t just blurt out what I had discovered. I couldn't tell him that, unless I wanted him to leave my life for good. When I touched his hand, he looked like I had burnt him and avoided me for the rest of the evening. I couldn't let him block me out again. 

“I'm just not ready for a serious relationship” I lied.

“I see, you want to sow your wild oats.”

I laughed, “Isn't that expression for men?”

“I guess. When you going to tell him?”

“After the dance.”

“I see,” he paused for a minute and I listened to his even breathing. It was soothing and slightly comforting. I wished he was with me, I wished I could see his expression and look into those dark eyes. My stomach flipped. 

“Jen,” he breathed my name. “You okay? You've gone quiet and your breathing heavily again.”

“I'm fine” I quickly replied. “I should go and let you get on. I'll speak to you tomorrow.”

“Yeah, okay. Night.”

“Night” I sighed while ending the call. I stared at my phone and slowly closed my eyes. Hearing his voice had now made me more restless. There was no way I was going to be able to sleep tonight. It felt like forever till I would see him again. That night I did sleep and all my dreams were about Ayden, not surprised!
CHAPTER SEVEN

I look at my reflection in the mirror. The excitement I felt when I brought this dress has now gone far away. Even the idea of my first dance didn't bring me much joy. I would have to spend the whole evening watching Ayden dance with Becks. While a man, who I felt nothing for, held me. I blinked back my tears. My mother had spent time and effort getting my make-up perfect.

Everything was perfect; my purple off the shoulder prom dress looked amazing. My blonde hair in soft waves, cascading down to my shoulders. The diamond pendant my mother insisted I wore, a present and the only thing here from my father.

My stomach swirled with nausea as the doorbell rang, Chase was here. It was time, tonight after the dance I was breaking up with him. I had rehearsed the speech in my head for days.

I grabbed my purple clutch bag and headed downstairs. Chase was standing in the hallway chatting to Ted. The guilt him me hard, he looked amazing in his black suit, white shirt and a tie that matched the colour of my dress. 

His blue eyes turned in my direction and he gave me his heart stopping smile. Although, now it didn't affect me. Not one tiny bit. “You look beautiful, Jen.” I stepped off the last step and walked towards him.

“You too” I smiled, trying to keep myself together. “We should be going.”

Chase took hold of my hand, and I instantly took my hand away. He looked confused, almost hurt. I couldn't bare him looking like that, so I reached out for his hand. I muttered sorry and he seemed to accept it.

The school hall was decorated in the school colours, with balloons, banners and everyone had made a big effort in dressing up. A DJ was playing all the latest chart music, while students got their groove on. I couldn't enjoy myself. I found my eyes looking around searching for Ayden.

I could tell Chase was beginning to get annoyed with me. Every now and again he would tut or let out a loud sigh. I actually didn't care when I finally saw Ayden.

He looked different dressed in a suit, he looked older and his dark hair was gelled back enhancing his angular face. My head went light and I couldn't bring my eyes away from him. Chase looked at me and then followed my gaze.

“I see” he spat and walked away from me. Even that didn't stop me from looking at Ayden. I know I should have followed Chase, but I didn't care where he went. In fact, I was almost relieved to be away from him.

My feet began moving before I realize and it wasn't long before I had made my way over to Ayden. The second he saw me, he gave a smile which I returned.

“Hey, Jen” he said, his attention turning away from Becks, who looked like she wanted to kill me. “Wow, you look” he shook his head. “Wow!”

“And you clean up well” I joked, brushing a finger along the sleeve of his jacket. 

“Oh please,” I hear Becks groan, both our heads turn in her direction. Her face is all screwed up and her eyes are sending daggers my way. I have to admit she looks rather stunning in her black, classy gown. She suddenly begins to smile, not a nice smile, but that bitchy smug smile. “I see your date is dancing with Chrissy” she laughs and points a black painted nail in Chase's direction.

“I don't think it actually bothers her” Ayden laughs, giving a little nudge.

“Come” Becks orders, grabbing Ayden by the arm. “I didn't ask you here in order to stand around talking with the enemy.”

I watched as she leads him away to the dance floor. My eyes look back at Chrissy, grinding herself against my date. Ayden was right, I don't care. In fact, I think she is doing me a favour. I wander over to an empty table and sit down. 

I laugh at the sight of Ayden dancing. He has no sense of rhythm and is keeping Becks at arms length. I wonder what it would have been like if I had asked him to the dance. I take in a deep breath as let I my mind drift off; the feeling of his body pressed up to mine. His strong arms gripping hold of me and his nose nuzzled in my hair. I get goose bumps just imagining.

“Jen” I wake up from my day dreaming to see Ali and Travis now sat the table. Their hands locked together. “Why are you not dancing?”

“I'm not in the mood” I lie, what I want to do is steal Becks date. However, I am not going to admit that information.  “Are you having a good time?”

“Yes,” Ali's eyes go dreamy and she looks over at Travis. Who also looks just as loved up as Ali? I am happy for her. Ali is such a nice person and she deserves someone who treats her right. “If you need anyone to dance with Travis is your man.”

“I'm okay, really. You keep hold of him.”

“I intend too” with that the pair up and leave. 

For the next half an hour I watch everyone else enjoying themselves. I'm got even that bummed that I have spent my first dance alone. I have enjoyed watching, although some of the dancing should have been classed as x-rated.  The music comes to a halt and everyone is told to make their way to in front of the stage.

As I walk over I pass Chase, he doesn't speak and turns his back on me. Another friend lost that’s two so far. I go and stand next to Ayden who is pleased to see me. Our headmaster gets up on stage and starts addressing everyone.

“Now it's the time to crown our king and queen of the Summerton High Senior's backwards dance.” Everyone cheers, whistles and claps. “Our Queen is...”

The lights cut out and everyone goes silent for a while. Then whispering begins as people start to feel uneasy in the dark. Without warning the lights go back on and suddenly a few people start screaming and pointing. I look in the direction, on the far side of the room are two men holding guns. My heart starts to race and the fear floods through me.

“Listen!” Yells one of the gunmen. “No one is going to get hurt. We are looking for someone...”

A hand grips hold of my wrist, I jump in shock to find Ayden standing right beside. “Follow me” he whispers. “Don't ask any questions and do as I say.” I nod, as we slowly back away from the crowd and to the nearest fire exit. The second we get outside, Ayden yells run and we do till we reach the truck.

Once in the cabin, panic hits me. We have left everyone inside with those men, who have guns. I reach for the door handle. I need to go back, I need to make sure everyone is okay and to find out whom they were looking for.

“No!” Ayden yells, pulling me back. 

“I need to go back, Ayden. My friends are in there.”

“They will okay, those men won't hurt them” his voice has a cold edge to it. “They won't find what they’re looking for and will leave.”

He drives out of the parking lot, not once looking in my direction. He takes one hand off the stirring wheel and reaches for his phone on the dashboard. With one hand, he dials a number and brings it up to his ear. 

“Yes… She’s safe with me. I'll call you.” He hangs up and throws the phone down.

What was all that about? Seeing those men with guns didn't even bother him. He still looks calm and in control. My heart is still racing and the fear won't leave me. My hands shake and I can't do anything but burst into tears. Ali and Travis, are they okay? 

“Jen,” Ayden' hand rests on my leg. “It's okay.”

“No, it’s not okay” I yell through my tears. “Those men have guns!”

“I know. But you're safe and that is all that matters.”

“What about Ali and Travis?”

“Nothing will happen to them.”

“How do you know that?” Then it clicks. “Do you know who those men were looking for?” He quickly glances at me and nods his head. “Who?”

“You! They were looking for you.”

I swear my heart just stop beating, I fall back into the seat as my mouth drops open. Me? Men with guns were looking for me? Why? I am now shaky uncontrollably, my mouth is dry and my head feels as if it is going to explode.

The truck stops and I don't even attempt to move. I can't, my whole body is in shock. Ayden opens the passenger door and picks me up. I don't even notice where we are, nothing will register apart from people with guns want me. My head rests on his shoulder and I begin to shiver. The crying is everlasting and I am scared beyond recognition. 

I feel Ayden lower me down on to something and a blanket is wrapped round me. I look up at his face. There isn't any sign of emotion. Why would he know who they were looking for? I want to ask, but I can't find the words. 
He sits down next to me and wraps an arm round my shoulders, pulling me closer towards him. I close my eyes and rest my head on his shoulder. “I know you must be in shock, Jennifer. You are safe with me.” Everything goes black, as my body finally gives up and shuts down.

***
My eyelids feel heavy and it takes a while before they will open. When I do the light hurts my eyes and I have no idea where I am. I try to take in my surroundings. Then it sinks in, I'm at Ayden's because two men with guns were looking for me. I scream and sit up bolt right, I can't breath and my head is starting to spin.

“Jen!” Ayden rushes to my side and sits down next to me. “Its okay” he softly says, his fingers grazing my arm in some aid to calm me down. Its okay! Why does he keep saying that? Last night I never asked him anything. 

I turn to look at him. “Why were they looking for me?” He sits back a little and rubs his brow. “Why would men with guns be looking for me?”

He lets out a deep sigh. “Because of your father” he takes hold of my hand and looks directly into my eyes. “There is so much you don't know about him or me.” He pauses, tilts his head and closes his eyes. “I'm not a student, Jen. I am an undercover SWAT officer. I'm on an undercover assignment to keep you protected.”

I open my mouth and then quickly close it again. Swat officer to protect me? It feels as if I have walked into some weird twilight zone. I squeeze my eyes shut. This has to be a dream. Any minute now I will wake up in my room listening to my mother singing along to the radio. My mom? Lacey? I quickly open my eyes and Ayden is still there.

“I know none of this makes sense to you.”

“Really,” I shrug, pulling my hand out of his grip. “Why would my father send men with guns to find me? And what about Lacey?”

The idea of her getting hurt sends me cold. I brush away the tears with the back of my hand, my eyes are sore and I winch in pain. Why would my father want to hurt me, it makes no sense. He was always a loving and kind man. My heart splits in half as I think about all those special moments I spent with him; he taught me to ride my bike, the way he kissed my knee when I fell off, the stories he would make up about me being a princess.

He loved me and I have no doubt about that. I remember the tears in his eyes when he came home from the hospital to announce Lacey had been born. He gave me everything I ever wanted. There was no way he would want to hurt me. Unless...

I take in a sharp breath. “Is he in trouble?” Ayden just nods and finally my heart cracks in two. My father is in trouble and he is all alone. “Will you please explain everything?” My voice is actually calm, but whole body is immersed with fear.

“Your father has been taking bribes to get his clients cleared from jail. Although, one case back fired, big time.” Ayden gets up from the sofa and walks over to a draw, he pulls outs a folder and walks back towards me. “Mario Lopez,” he hiss's the name. 

He sits back next to me and pulls out a photo of a man I don't know. Just from the picture you can tell he's a bad guy. His Latino features are hard, his bold head and the tattoo of a gun on his neck. His eyes are cold and menacing. I wouldn't want to meet him for real.

“What did he do?”

Ayden turns the picture over, but that image is imprinted on my brain. I will never forget that face for the rest of my life.

“He is a leader of a notorious gang in Seattle. He was arrested for murder and drug supplying. He turned to your father to handle his case. Mario paid your father over 100,000 dollars. He was pretty sure your father would set him free.”

“And?”

“Well, the prosecution had a few tricks up their sleeves. No matter how hard your father tried, the evidence was stacked up high against Mario and it was unbreakable. Mario was found guilty with a life sentence.”

“This doesn't explain why my father would come for me?”

“Mario wants his money back. Your father doesn't have. However, your mother does.” Ayden pauses and looks at me. “When she found out what your father was doing she threatened to report him. He stopped her and convinced her everything was fine.”

“She didn't believe him, did she?” I quietly say, as I remembered the conversation I'd had with her. Her words play in my head. ‘They all lie, honey. It’s in their DNA'. At least I now knew what she meant by it.

“No, she left with you, Lacey and wiped out your fathers bank account.” He locked his hands together and placed them into his lap. “Everywhere she went, your father somehow found you. It was only weeks ago your mother started receiving the threats again. This time instead of leaving she contacted the police.”

“And you’re here to protect me, why?”

“In the treats it was you who your father intended to kidnap unless your mother returned the money.”

“Where is the money? Why doesn't she just give it back?”

“It’s now evidence, your father was committing Freud. He is now under investigation, but he is good. There is no paper trail.”

“So, how long will you be protecting me?”

“As long as needs must.”

For the first time since yesterday I took a good look at him. He was now a stranger, and to think I thought I was in love with him. He had lied to me and I felt foolish. Poor Chase, I had treated him badly. Poor Becks, she had fallen for Ayden too and it was down to me and my stupid family. We had brought him here.

“How old are you?” I asked that feeling I had about him being older had to be true now. 
“Twenty-two” he confessed.

“And your real name?”

“Ayden” he smiled. “That much is true. The house isn't my grandmothers, it’s rented. Yes, I am from Seattle and yes, I do still count you as a friend.” 

His last words shocked me, friend? How could we possibly be friends? This whole time he has been paid to hang out with me. Wait...

“Who's protecting my mother and Lacey?”

Ayden suddenly looks sheepish and stares down at his hands. “That would be Ted.”

“Ted?” My voice is high pitch. “He's with my mother! Does she know?” 

Ayden just simply nods and once again I feel stupid, of course she knew. Out of everyone, I was the one kept in the dark. I place my hands over my face and let out a squeal of frustration. My father isn't who I believed he was. My friend, who I thought I was in love with, is some undercover spy. My mother kept everything from me. She could have confided in me and explained everything. How can I carry on living here? Those men, no doubt, will be back. 

I only have one thing on my mind and that is to see my father. I need to see him and let him explain everything to me. I also have to kick his ass for doing this to my family. How could he of been selfish like this. I have been ripped away from everything I know because he is a criminal.

I burst into tears again. I am now living in fear. The only thing I had to worry about yesterday was Chase.

“Hey,” Ayden says, soothingly. He wraps his arm around my shoulder and pulls me into him. It’s weird in spite of everything. I still get that warm glow from him touching me. “There is no need to cry.”

“There is every reason to cry” I sob; I pull my hands away from my face and look up at him. “I need to see my father.”

His expression hardens. “No! Seriously, not going to happen.” His grip on me tightens, and the muscle in his jaw twitches. “He's too dangerous. There is no predicting what he will do. He is desperate for that money.”

“So I just stay here and wait to be kidnapped?” I throw my hands up in annoyance. “You know you can't be with me every second of the day.”

He gives a little smirk. “I've done a pretty good job so far.” He raises an eyebrow as if this is some sort of contest, but I stare blankly at him. “Jennifer, think about it, everywhere you've been in the last few weeks, I've shown up.”

I begin to think about it. Has he? The first time I saw him was at school, the store and work. He was at the beach and he was the one who picked me up from Chase's party. My mouth opens and then closes. I am speechless, he has been everywhere with me. 

This still doesn't change the fact that I want to see my father. I have a right. I need him to tell me himself, it’s the least he owes me. I can't sit around waiting for something to happen. He has to be told to stop. My mother obviously isn't putting this right, so it is down to me.

I push back the blanket and stand up. “I need to go, Ayden” my voice is authorizing and I have found some hidden strength I never knew existed. “I need to go and speak to my father.”

Ayden jumps to his feet. “No! Exactly what good would come from that?”

“I can tell him to turn himself in. I can tell him what hell we have been through. I can hear him, in his own words, explain what he did.” Once again, there’s that tugging feeling in my heart and I let out a deep breath. “My father is a good man and I know he would never hurt me. Like you said, he is desperate and he is alone.”

Ayden bows his head and places his hands in his pockets. “You know he's going to end up in jail, right?”

“I know” my voice is weak now.

“And you know if we do go, we may not be able to find him. Your father is in hiding and he seems to be rather good at it.”

For the first time since last night I smile. “Does that mean I can go?”

“I'll have to clear it first. This may just work.” His head springs up and those dark eyes glare at me. “The second I feel something is wrong or you're in danger, we leave.” I can't help running over to him and wrapping my arms around his neck. “Don't get too carried away just yet. We have to clear this with your mother and Ted.”
CHAPTER EIGHT

“Over my dead body!” My mother screams, her fist slamming into the table. “No way in hell, Jennifer Hopkins. There is no way you are going to see that monster.”

I let out a defeated sigh. “Please” I beg, I look over to Ayden for support but he decides to look the other way. “I need to do this. Nothing will happen to me, I'll have Ayden with me.”

“What about school?”

“I'll go to summer school if I don't graduate. Even Ayden thought this would help.” Everyone's eyes turn to Ayden whose eyes remain firmly in the other direction. “If I can persuade him to give himself up, then you're free. We all are.”

“She has a point” Ted adds, suddenly I like Ted more. “If your ex gives himself in and confesses then you won't have to live in fear any longer.” His hand reaches for my mothers. “It’s worth a shot. And you can trust Ayden. He won't let anything happen to Jen.”

“Come on, Mom” I smile. “Isn't it about time we settled down?”

“Do you have anything to say Ayden?” My mother asks.

“Nope” his tone is crisp. I kick him under the table, which makes him curse under his breath. His eyes turn to me and I raise an eyebrow. He should be fighting in my corner, instead of sitting there all moody and silent.
He rolls his eyes and shrugs. “I agree with Ted. Your ex turning himself in would be a relief and you would be safe.” A big smile grows across my face. “And Jen will be safe with me. I am trained to deal with all situations. I know how to shot and fight. Plus, she won't be leaving my sight.”

“Well...”

My mother runs her hands through her blonde hair and lets out a deep breath. “What am I meant to say?” 

Her hands run down her face, which actually is free from make-up. She looks tired. Her eyes are red and slightly puffy. For the first time I can actually see the real her, the woman I remember so clearly. She isn't putting on an act, she isn't faking this, and this is real. This is how I love her. My heart swells with love for her. She risked everything to keep me and Lacey safe.

I now feel guilty for being selfish, I need to see my father and I believe I can put all this right. I know I'm not a super hero, I do feel like I could save the day. After all it’s worth a try, not for me or my mother, but for Lacey. She deserves to feel settled. She deserves at least an attempt at a real life. 

“Okay” she shrugs. “One week” she points at me and then Ayden. “If anything happens to my baby, I am holding you responsible.”

“I wouldn't expect it any other way” Ayden confidently replies as he stands up from the table. “I'll be back in half an hour and we will go.” He doesn't even look at me as he leaves the kitchen. 

I close my eyes and let out a little sigh, in spite of what he said him still being my friend. It no longer feels that way to me. He is a stranger and now I have insisted on spending time alone with him for one whole week.

I push the thought to the back of my mind, this isn't about me. This is for my father, to persuade him to do the right thing. I will just have to endure whatever is thrown at me and tough it out.

I race to my room and begin to pack for my week away. I shouldn't feel this excited, but the thought of going home and seeing where I grew up is thrilling. I have made a mental list of where to look for my father. He will be there. I am not allowing any negativity get in my way. I am a girl on a mission. 

I grab my bag from my wardrobe and start throwing clothes in. I gather up my iPod, books and anything thing else that will keep my mind occupied during the long drive. Next thing is all my toiletries. There is a knock on my door and Ted strolls in. My mouth drops open, he never comes to talk to me. In fact, he has never even been in my room before. 

He places an envelope down on my bed and I frown at him. “Money” he nods and places his hands in his pockets. “I take it Ayden told you who I am.”

“Yes,” I look at the envelope and then back at Ted, he seems to look awkward and twitchy. “I really don't need you to give me money, Ted.”

“I insist” he smiles. “I plan on marrying your mother one day. So, I want to take care of what is hers.”

I feel a little taken back. “You want to marry my mother?” Ted never speaks to me and now he is telling me his hidden secrets. I should be flattered that he wants to share. “What about your job? I thought you were here to protect her and Lacey.”

Ted lets out a little sigh, takes a few steps and sits down on the edge of my bed. “At first, yes, it was about the job.” He looks down at his locked hands. “I just fell in love with your mother and vice versa.” He quickly looks up and locks eyes with me. I see it then, how much he does love my mother. “I will do anything for her, you and Lacey. I want to be part of this family, if you will allow me, Jen.”

I open my mouth and quickly close it again. Has he just asked for my blessing? I think about what he has just said and it does sound like it. A massive smile grows on my face, I see his shoulders relax and he returns my smile. There is only one thing left to, I walk over and give him a hug.

“I would love you to join our family, Ted” I sing, I pull away and see his face alight with happiness. “You make my mother happy and I wouldn't want anyone else to take care of her.” 

“What is going on here?” My mother is stood in the doorway. 

“Me and Ted were just talking about you” I wink at Ted and turn my attention back to my mother. I am itching to tell her, but I don't want to spoil the surprise. I feel at ease knowing that while I'm away my mother and Lacey will be taken care of.

“I see” a little smirk hits her lips, I bet she was stood at the door listening. “Ayden is downstairs waiting for you.” She winces and strolls over to me, her hands gripping my shoulders. “You will be careful, won't you?”

“Of course.”

“And you stay with Ayden” she orders. “It’s a shame you won't be here to celebrate your birthday. I have waited forever for you to reach eighteen.”

“Mom,” I smile, pulling her into my arms. “We can celebrate when I get home. In fact, we will have tons of reasons to celebrate.”

“I hope so” she sighs, pulling away from me. “You better get going. I'll miss you, Jen.”

“I'll only be gone a week” I laugh, grabbing my bag and heading out of my room. Just like my mother said, Ayden is waiting down in the hall. The minute I see him I freeze on the spot.

Wow, he looks completely different. He's dressed in a shirt and jeans, his hair is styled to perfection He no longer looks like that dark and moody teenager. Every inch of him sings confidence, control and not to be mess with. He turns to look at me and gives a little smile as if he can read my mind.

I like this Ayden more. At least he still has those dark mesmerizing eyes, there was no way he could fake them.

“Are you ready?” He raises an eyebrow and my mouth has gone dry. I just nod and walk towards him. “We are doing the silent, nodding thing again?” Once again I just nod. He gives a little laugh and takes my bag from me. “This way” and walks out the front door.

Without thinking I follow him outside and stare at his car. Yes, a car and not his blue truck. The black SUV matches the new Ayden. I watch as he throws my bag in the back and walks around to the passengers’ side. I am overcome with nerves, it’s not because I am going to see my Dad. I have to spend a long time driving with a compete stranger.

“Jen,” Ayden sighs, rolling his eyes. “I am still me.” I raise an eyebrow at him. “Will you just get in the car or shall we forget the whole thing?”

“No!” I yell back. I take in a deep breath, he's right, he's still Ayden. Just without the ripped jeans, urban T-shirts and roughed up hair. I swallow the lump in my throat, walk over and get in the car. It doesn't smell like the truck. There isn't that stale tobacco smell, unless this is a rental. 

Ayden gets into the drivers seat and turns to look at me. I feel little under his glare; at least some things haven't changed. My body still reacts the same towards him. His hand lands on my leg and I stiffen under his touch.

“You need to relax” he huskily says. “I want you to be comfortable around me. Nothing has changed just because you know I'm a SWAT officer.” I nod in reply and shuffle in my seat.  He tuts and takes his hand off me. My leg now wanting his touch back. “Music?”

I listen to that low depressing voice and try to gather my wits. I concentrate on the voice singing about 'using somebody'. I know it’s going to take us at least two days to drive to Seattle and I can't remain silent the whole way there. I need to get over my nerves. Why am I acting this way in his presence?

Maybe it’s because deep down I feel betrayed – that has to be it. He has spent weeks following me around, making out we were friends, listening to my problems. While all a long the whole time he was being paid to do it. 

Our friendship wasn't real! It was his access to me. Although to start with he was really rude to me. I replay when I met him in Howard’s store, that cold person, who refused to acknowledge my existence. I have to admit if he wasn't a SWAT officer, he would make a great Actor. The thought makes me laugh out loud.

“What's funny?” He asks, as he starts up the car and drives away from my house.

“You!”

“Why am I funny?” His eyes are focused on the road.
“Ever been to acting school?” I watch as he frowns. “Its just you had me very convinced that you were a teenager. If I recall, you were actually quiet cold towards me.”

“Well,” he shrugs. “You know the saying. Treat 'em mean, keep 'em keen.”

I can't help laughing at him and he laughs with me. I suddenly feel at ease with him. I relax back in my seat and watch the sleepy town of Summerton go by. I know I should be nervous, but I can't wait to see my dad. I know he will be pleased to see me and I know he will listen to me. I am finally I am getting away from Summerton and stepping out into the real world.  I close my eyes and listen to the music. This trip seems to be fun and I can't wait to get home.

***

“Jen” a voice says. I feel someone running their fingers through my hair. My eyes slowly open and Ayden is staring down at me. The car has stopped moving and I don't recognise where we are. I blink up at him and a massive smile grows across his face.

“Where are we?” I yawn, stretching my arms up. 

“I thought we would stay here tonight” he holds up a key and my eyes look straight a head at the hotel. “Come on, sleepy head” he sings, as he ruffles up my already messy hair. 

I smooth out my hair and climb out of the car. We make our way towards the hotel's entrance. Ayden has my bag thrown over his shoulder as if it weighs nothing. With his free hand, he grabs mine and leads me across the grand foray. The floor is a white marble and all the fixtures are gold.

I and my family always used to stay in places like this on our holidays. My father would insist on it, he didn't think it was a holiday unless you were in luxury. I can't help but notice a few women looking at Ayden as we walk past. He is oblivious to it, my jealous demon is raring its ugly head. I don't want them looking at him. He's mine. No one would ever love him as much as I do.

We halt at the lifts and he turns to face me. I can feel my cheeks turning bright red just under his gaze. I let out a deep breath, what is wrong with me? A few hours back I was scared of him and now I am having strange thoughts about being in love with him. I am going to put it all down to trauma, it has to be. The lift opens and we both step inside, I remove my hand from his and stand on the opposite side.

“Something you want to tell me?” His voice is crisp and smooth. The doors close and the space feels suffocating and I begin to feel anxious. I shake my head, stare straight a head and avoid looking at him anymore. He tuts and lets out a deep sigh. “This is going to be one boring trip if you aren't even speaking to me.”

The lift pinged and came to a stop. He turned to look at me raised an eyebrow. “Your have to speak to me at some point.” He stepped out and spun round to face me. “We're sharing a room!” He gives a dazzling smile and walks off.

My jaw almost hit the ground and I rushed after him. Sharing a room? What in the hell... “Ayden!” I call after him. He just casually carries on walking while I run behind. He stops outside a door and I almost run straight into him. “We can't share a room!”

“Yes. We. Can!” He says forcefully, each word harsh and his eyes narrowing at me. “I told your mother you wouldn't leave my sight.”

I watch as he opens the door and steps into the room. To my delight there are two separate single beds. Relief is an understatement. He drops the bag on the floor, walks over to the bed and flops down on to it. His dark eyes stare over at me still stood in the doorway. He leans up on his elbows and gives that side smile.

“You can come in,” he laughs. He shakes his head and rolls his eyes. “What is your problem with me?”

“I... umm... Don't have a problem with you” I lie, closing the door and slowly walking over to the other bed.

I can't bear to look at him. He does weird things to me. He makes me feel things I can't explain. In spite of everything, even though it freaked me out, I am happy to be sharing a room with him. I am crazy, because of everything I have learnt about him seems to of made the attraction more appealing. Now, I am just a stupid high school kid with a crush. As before, we were the same. He was like me. Now he is out of my league.

“Jen,” he says my name softly and his voice still gives me goose bumps. “I know everything has come as shock. You really do know me. I am still the same guy who you did homework with.”

“Yes, but now your a older man with a job and I am just a stupid kid” I hiss, I look over at him. He looks angry, his dark eyes are narrowed again and his mouth tight.

“You're not a kid and I am only a few years older than you.” He runs his hands through his hair and lies back down. “Fuck!” His fist hits the bed. “I knew this trip would be a bad idea.” He turns his head to face me and lets out a deep breath. “You know I like you, right?” I just shrug. He quickly sits up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed. “I mean like you, like you.”

“What does that even mean?” I huff, folding my arms across my chest. Our eyes lock and I just stare at him, unwilling to look away. 

Then it clicks, my mouth goes dry and I begin to blink rapidly. He likes me! My heart thumps against my chest, my breathing is uncontrollable. I swear if I stood up, I would end up face first on the floor. I have waited weeks to hear those words, to believe my dreams would become reality. This has somehow shocked my system

When I finally do look at him, his expression is soft and he is slightly frowning. I swallow the lump in my throat and wish I didn't look at him. I would love to leap over and crush myself against his body. That's not me and I certainly couldn't do that to him. The silence between us is creating a tension, yet, I can only think about kissing him.  I wonder what it would feel like to run my fingers through his hair, taste him and be held in his arms.

My cheeks flush bright red and I’m almost squirming where I am sat. I am beginning to feel giddy and I know I am smiling. Then Becks comes into my head and the smile vanishes. He likes me and she is the same age as me. Well, she was 18 during our last school break. Could he? Would he?  

I feel the colour drain from my face, the idea of him with her makes my stomach sink and the bile creeps up my throat. Maybe he does like me, but it doesn't matter. He isn't the same person he was a few days ago. He is too old for me and he has a career which he is dedicated to.

After this trip I will have to work doubly hard to graduate High School. As now I know my mother and Lacey are being taken care of, college is now my future.

“We should eat” my voice sounds cold. His eyes look at the floor and his shoulders slouch as if he has been defeated. 

“Jen,” he breaths my name and closes his eyes. I love the way my name sounds on his lips. His eyes slowly open and once again I am locked in his hypnotic gaze. “You're right, we should eat.” His whole body language changes. He's in control again. He’s that confident man who I met over a month ago. He quickly stands and runs a hand through his hair. “Then we should make a list of all the places we should look for your father.”

And just like that, the moment is forgotten and we are back to the reason we are on this trip. That I must remember and stop my heart ruling my head. This isn't about me, this is to find my father and help him. If that is so, why do I suddenly feel my heart break in two?

Ayden orders from room service as I sit on the bed with a pen and paper. So far, I have listed six places I can think where my father would most likely go. My auntie Mel’s, my grandmothers, his office, the golf club, the fancy bar he would enjoy Friday drinks and finally, my old family home. Although these places seem too obvious. If he's a criminal hiding away, I doubt he would even be seen in any of these.

I let out a defeated sigh. This isn't going to be as simple as I first thought.

I feel the bed move as Ayden sits down besides me. He picks up my list and begins to read. “Can you think of anywhere else?” He avoids looking at me again.

“No,” I mutter, biting down on the end of the pen. 

“How about friends of his?” 

I try to think about who my father socialized with. There were a few, mainly partners in his law firm. I remember my mother groaning on and on about how she hated having them and their wives over for dinner parties. Although, I would always get a new dress, so I didn't mind. I let out a deep sigh, we were the perfect family and now it had turned out like this. My mother and father apart. 
My whole childhood had actually been a lie, a lie my father had hidden pretty well up till now. 

“Just a few partners in his law firm” I mumble, feeling the sadness slice through me.

“Write them, down” he hands my list back to me. “Also, any other family members you can think about.”

“He was an only child!”

“Well, there must be more” I can hear the irritation in his voice.

I slam the list down. “I'm sorry. I don't know any of his connections in the criminal world!”

“I'm glad you don't” he hisses. “Maybe we should...” A knock at the door stops him mid-sentence. I am relieved for the distraction really. When he's close to me I find it hard to concentrate on anything.

I watch as he strolls over to the door, opens it and pushes a silver cart into the room.  My appetite has managed to of evaporated and that sick feeling has again taken its place.

Ayden wheels the cart and places it before me. “Come on” his voice now a lot calmer. “Eat and then we should call it a night.” Once again he sits next to me and I make sure my eyes focus on the food before me. I am little taken back as he has ordered my favourite, which is weird as I never told him pasta dishes did it for me.

Reluctantly I pick up a fork and tuck in. We eat in silence. The awkward tension is thick in the room. How did it get to this? I always found Ayden easy to talk too. My heart sinks and I put my fork down. I can't manage to eat anymore. A shower and bed sound perfect now.

“Oh Jen,” he shakes his head. “You must eat.”

I want to throw something at him. I wish he would stop telling me what I should do. I have a feeling that this wasn't such a good idea now. I need some alone time, I stand up, grab my wash bag and head to the bathroom – slamming the door behind me. Finally alone, I feel I can breath. I slump back against the door and fall to my knees.  If on cue my tears fall again, for my father, for what my mother went through and for my love for Ayden. 

During my shower I make a decision just to get over it. I need to be strong and can’t afford any distractions. Ayden will never be the person I thought he was. My love for him is based on a lie. He is just here to do his job and I am just here to find my father.

I lie down on my bed and switch the TV on. Ayden is laid on his bed reading something. I am going to try my hardest to remain civil and speak my mind. Communication is an important factor on this trip and I need to stop my stupid nodding responses.

Then why do I find myself looking at him every now and then. God, I can be so pathetic! Maybe during this trip I could get to know him all over again. 

“Feeling better?” His words stop my thoughts and I turn in his direction. He is lounging on his bed, his hands resting behind his head and his eyes locked on mine.

“Yes, thank you” I quietly reply, I force a smile on my face which he returns. Wow, my heart almost leaps out of my chest. He is handsome and he still has a weird affect on my body and mind. He moves off his bed and kneels down before me. His dark eyes draw me in and his hand gently resting on top of mine.

I can feel my eyebrows raising a little, this is new? Every time I even attempted physical contact with him, he would jump a mile. A little smile is dancing across his mouth and I have a funny feeling he is up to something.

“So,” his voice is full of amusement. “A few more minutes and you will be 18.” My eyes dart at the clock and its 23.58pm. I gasp. I didn't even realize that it was that late.

With a fingertip he moves a strand of wet hair from my forehead, the smile disappears on his face and he leans in a little closer. His scent fills my senses and my eyes focus on his mouth. 

“Happy birthday, Jen.”

His lips brush against mine, a soft butterfly kiss and it feels amazing. I want to grip my fingers in his hair and push my tongue into mouth. Before I can react, he stands up, walks over to his bed and lays back down, switching the lamp and TV off.

I stare up into the darkness, my lips tingle and my body feels numb. That was unlike him, then I remember the words he said earlier today, 'You know I like you, right. I mean like you, like you.' I now know what he means and my heart skips a beat. He likes me, the way I like him. I fall asleep that night with a smile on my face.

***
After a quick breakfast and no mention of the kiss, we are back on the road. Another eight hours of driving and we will be in Seattle. Ayden seems really happy this morning, I think I prefer him like this. It beats getting ordered around and getting your head snapped off.

“When we reach Seattle, how do you want to celebrate your birthday?” He looks over, grins and then looks back at the road.

Celebrate, I hadn't even thought of it. I guess I can't let the day go by without doing something.
“I thought we could stay at my place tonight, maybe hang out with some of my friends.”

“Your place?” I asked, stunned.

“Yes,” he laughs. “It just makes sense. Saves wasting money on hotels. Besides, I haven't seen my friends in a while and I think they would like you.”

“Do your friends know about your work?”

“No,” his voice hardens and his grip of the stirring wheel tightens that his knuckles turn white. “They know I am S.W.A.T officer, they don't know I am working undercover.” He lets out a deep breath. “This has got me thinking about you...”

“ME?” I yell surprised. “What about me?”

He gives a low throaty laugh, which send goose bumps all over my body and his lips slightly twitch. “They're going to ask questions about you and the most obvious answer is you're my girlfriend.”

My heart slams against my chest, his girlfriend... he wants me to pretend I am his girlfriend. Exactly what would that entail? My head feels giddy and I'm sure I am smiling too big. Wait! He said pretend as well in the sentence. It would be a cover up, to keep his job secret. The smile slowly drops. Once again this is about his work and not me. I can be so stupid sometimes, putting too much meaning into things that are simply very straight forward.

I slowly nod. “Yep, sounds like a good cover up story” I say, trying to make it sound like it isn't a big deal. My eyes look back out the window, although pretending doesn't sound that bad. There maybe some good points in it. I am dying for him to kiss me again. Maybe I could have my own fun, after all it’s my birthday and doesn't the birthday girl always get her own way. Oh yeah, let the game begin.

For the next hours of the drive I busy myself with listening to music, binging on chocolate and making Ayden play eye spy, which he is awful at, but had me in fits of laughter. The outline of Seattle’s tall buildings can be seen in the distance and I feel suddenly at home.

Ayden goes in the opposite direction and 20 minutes later we are parked outside some building complex. He cuts the engine and turns to me.

“Home sweet home” he sings, hand gesturing to the pure white building.

“Do you live alone?” It finally hits me. I am getting an insight to his actual real life. The one he lived before he started to pretend he was a high school student. This is him. Maybe I will get to discover who he actually is and see him in his true colours.

“No. I have a room mate, Tucker. He's a SWAT officer too, although he isn't undercover. You'll like him, he's funny.” He opens the door and turns to me before he gets out. “You ok with pretending to be my girlfriend?”

I want to scream 'YES', it’s all I have been thinking about. I just nod and get out of the car. I smooth out my sundress and check my reflection in the rear-view mirror. I do look like I have been sat in a car for hours. I comb my fingers through my hair and add a little lip-gloss to my lips.

I doubt very much that we can pull it off me being Ayden's girlfriend. I see look like a stupid innocent kid, which I would hoped changed the second I hit 18. 

Ayden walks round the car and grabs hold of my hand. “We have to make it believable” he laughs, leading me off towards his building. As we begin to walk closer, the butterflies begin to flutter in the pit of my stomach. This is actually really exciting; we enter the hallway and stop outside the first door we get to.

“I have no idea what state this place will be in. Please, bear with me while I kick Tuckers ass.” He gives a dazzling smile, which warms his dark eyes. The door opens Ayden moves out of the way and hand gestures for me to enter. 

My eyes swoop around the small space, a sofa is on one wall opposite a massive flat screen TV. A little kitchen is on the other side. It’s not much to look at, but it has a different atmosphere than his place in Summerton. This feels like a home, its light, colourful and I feel instantly relaxed.

“Come on” his voice is light. “I'll show you your quarters, my lady.” He grabs hold of my hand and drags me down a hallway. “Bathroom” he points to a door. “And this is my room.” He opens the door and we step in.

It’s just like the rest of the house, there is just a double bed and a bedside cabinet. I look over on the far wall and notice a pin broad. I walk closer. It’s full of pictures of people. In the corner is a picture of a pretty woman, my eyes are drawn to her big chocolate coloured eyes. There is no doubt about it, she is Ayden's mother.

“Is she?” I ask. I can feel him behind me and when his hands wrap round my waist I want to explode. I like him being this close, I inhale and his scent invades all my senses. The memory of last nights kiss fills my mind. 

“Yes, that's my mother” he softly says against my hair, his grip of my waist tightens. “You smell amazing, Jen.” One of his hands moves my hair away from my neck. He lowers his lips and kisses the base of my neck. My legs turn to jelly and my head swoons. His lips carry on brushing against my skin and it tingles. I close my eyes and get lost in the sensation.

A door opens and then slams. “AYDEN!” Yells a voice.

He moves away from me. “That's Tucker, come and meet him.” I feel cold the second he moves away from me and leaves the room. My heart is racing and my skin feels flushed. Chase never made my body react that way. What is going on?

I make my way out of his room and head into the living area. Ayden is leaning against the kitchen side talking while his friend is filling up the fridge with beer. 

His friend looks up and directly in my direction. He's taller than Ayden with shaven hair. He’s very broad which shows he must have some fitness addiction. As he is so broad his head looks rather small compared to the rest of his body. The thought pinhead comes to mind, I bite down on my lip to stop myself from laughing out loud.

“This must be Jennifer” he says, he has a strong Texas accent. 

“Jen” I correct, still staring at his little head. 

“Well, Jen” he closes the fridge door and walks over to me. “Very pleased to meet you.” His big chunky arms wrap round me and I am crushed against his body. I feel like am going to break with the focus he is holding me.

“Okay” Ayden laughs, pulling me out of Tucker's steel grip. He places his arm around my shoulder. “You will have to excuse Tucker. He can be a little too friendly sometimes.”

“Only when it comes down to pretty ladies” Tucker beams and then winks at me. “I can be a little too friendly.”

“Enough” Ayden said sternly, I know my cheeks are bright red from Tucker's words. I actually like him, he was forward but not in a cringy way. “Did you get everything I asked for?”

Tucker rolled his eyes and crossed his arms across his large chest. “Yes, what did you want all this stuff for?”

Ayden looked down at me and gave me that smile, the one that made my head spin. “We are having a party.”

“A party?” I choked out the words. “Are you sure that’s a good idea.”

“Hey” Tucker laughs. “He wants a party, give him a party. He is normally the one going to bed early every night. Its about time Ayden let his hair down.” He turned his attention back to Ayden. “What is this party for?”

“Its Jen's birthday today” he announced, his hand moved from around my shoulder to my waist and he moved his body closer to mine. “She's 21.”

I closed my eyes and immersed myself in the feeling of being this close to Ayden. I was waiting for Tucker to burst out laughing. There was no way it was believable that I was 21....

CHAPTER NINE
Ayden Forbes

I look at my reflection in the mirror and can barely make eye contact with myself. Everything is happening too fast and I feel out of control. I close my eyes, take in a deep breath and count to ten slowly. I hate feeling like this, but its HER. Since the first day I saw her, she’s all I can think about.

I take my work seriously, but this is going over the top. I thought it would easy. I would keep my distance and be ready for anything. Then I warmed to her and feelings overlapped with work. I have this intense need to protect her from everyone. She is shy, naive and young.

Young, yes. Too young for me! This is all going to get messy and she is going to get hurt. I'll hurt her. I should have walked away when I had the chance, but I don't want to. My career relies on this job, after this I know I will get some promotion. 

There's a light tapping at the door. “Ayden” it’s her sweet voice, its like golden droplets to my ears. She is beautiful, the way her gold hair catches the sunlight. Her pink lips are soft and tempting. Her big blue eyes that I can stare into consenting losing myself. Everything about her invites me in and captivates me. 

I no longer have the strength to fight her off anymore, last night I gave up my last resistance. After tasting her lips, I want more and I want her. I feel complete with her. I feel like I have a purpose but when all is said and done, this is still my job. 

“Ayden” she calls out again.

“Coming” I open my eyes and head out of the bathroom, finding her leaning against the wall. She is dressed in jeans and a pink shirt. She also looks amazing in anything she wears. Her golden hair is in loose waves resting on her shoulders. My body instantly reacts just looking at her, and I gravitate towards her.

“Are you excited?”

She turns up her nose and her mouth twists in the corners. “I'm not exactly sure all your other friends are going to believe I am 21.” Her shoulders slope and her blue eyes blink up at me. “I still look like a child, Ayden.”

My jaw clenches and I push her up against the wall. My hips blocking her from going anywhere else. “Stop!” I growl, my hand slowly moving up the length of her body and I feel her shiver under my touch. My hand moves to the back of her neck and I tug her hair to bring her head up to look at me. “You're an adult now. A beautiful young woman who can do anything you want to do.” I slowly lower my lips and capture hers. 

“Ugh!” Says a voice behind me. “If you think I'm putting up with that all night, you're mistaken.”

I pull away and lazily smile down at Jen. Her cheeks are flushed and she is breathing heavily. There is so much more I want to do with her. I must control myself and keep my head focused on my job. I turn round and come face to face with Tucker. 

“You really have bad timing, mate” I laugh.

“I know” he gives a little grin and pats me on the back. “So, birthday girl what is your poison for tonight?”

“U mm... Poison?” Jen squeaks, she looks really confused. “What is that?”

“He's asking what you drink” I laugh. “Jen doesn't drink.” I point my finger at Tucker, who now has a devious grin on his face. “Don't get any funny ideas.”

He holds his hands up in surrender. “Would I do a thing like that? Come on, birthday girl, I think we have some soda.” He grabs her by the arm and leads her back into the living room. 

Its then when she's gone I let a deep breath. I lean against the wall and rest my head back. It’s dangerous to be that close to her. My mind works independently from my body. At least Tucker is buying the whole story of her being my girlfriend. Not like it’s hard to fool him anyway.

He's my best friend. We met at school and just ended up sharing a place together. He is the complete opposite of me. He likes women too much, every weekend he seeks them out and sleeps with them. 

I've had a few girlfriends. The whole one night stand thing seems like a waste of time. What's the point of having sex if you feel nothing for the other person? That's why I have to watch myself with Jen. She maybe an adult now, but I am not taking away her innocence. I am only assuming she is a virgin. I start to think of that loser Chase. I hope she hasn't been there.
I hear a door open and close, there is a big cheer and music starts to play. Its party time, god I hate these things. I just wanted to celebrate Jen's birthday. Her life is a reason to celebrate. Sadly her father doesn't think so. I remember that night with those men and those guns.

I knew the treats were coming, I didn't think they would become reality that quickly. I was hoping we would get more time together. I was enjoying pretending to be a teenager again. I didn't exactly have the best experience during my high school years.

I knew it wouldn't last long, that the real world would make an appearance. That's why I need to indulge in our week together, as after this, I don't know if I will ever see her again.

I push myself away from the wall and walk towards the living area. I smile, making sure my mask is in place and my eyes fall upon her. She is stood next to Tucker talking to a few more of my friends. They are all smiling and Jen looks at ease. I take that moment and briefly think about us having a future together. I know its not possible, destiny has other plans.

I walk up behind her, place my hands around her waist and just enjoy being close to her. I won't allow myself to think about this stuff again. Well, not for a few days anyway. I am going to have fun and I am going to pretend she’s mine. I’ll allow myself to live in a little bubble for a few days and then I will get back to the job I am being paid to do. I don't like it, but I have no choice. Sometimes you just have to deal with the bad and good.

“Ayden” I look over a short dark haired man. “Where ya' been?”

Its Doug, I don't really class him as a friend. He annoys me too much, but I couldn't invite all the other guys and leave him out. Standing next to him is his wife Natalie. She is just annoying as he is and she has a thing for me. Given a chance she is all over me and I have to remind her about her husband, who she only married because of his money. He's a trust fund baby and loves to tell you about it.

“I’ve been away working” I place a kiss on the top of Jen's head. Its then I notice Natalie sending daggers Jen's way and I find it amusing. “How are you both?”

“We're good” Doug snorts. Oh, there must be trouble in paradise.

“And you Natalie?”

She gives a little flirtatious smile and pushes her overly large enhanced breast out to capture my attention. I feel like crawling under a table. She flutters her eyelashes and huskily says. “I’m better now for seeing you.”

“Great” I say, disgust clearly in my voice. “Both of you, this is Jen, my girlfriend. If you'll excuse us.” I grip hold of Jen's hand and walk off into the kitchen. “I'm sorry about that” I smile, stopping at my fridge.

“Who was that woman?” She says, leaning against the work unit.

“Natalie” I grunt, taking a can of soda from the fridge and closing the door with my foot. “She can be a little overbearing.”

“Ah,” she smiles. “She has a thing for you.”

I offer the can of soda in my hands and she takes it. “Yes a thing it is and a thing it remains.”

“I don't know much about you” she takes a sip of her soda. “I mean you know everything about me. Plus, stuff I didn't know.” She frowns slightly and takes another sip of her drink.

“What would you like to know” I playfully nudge her. “I'm practically an open book. I would also prefer if you asked me and not Tucker. He has a very vivid imagination.”

She places her can down on the side and turns to face. “Okay” she nods. “I want to know everything about your childhood, your parents and also the nitty gritty juicy bits!”

I raise my eyebrow and tilt my head to the side. “I have no nitty gritty juicy bits.”

“Seriously? You're telling me you have never done anything risqué in your life.”

“Oh,” I roll my eyes. “You want to know about past girlfriends.” I scoop down to her eye level. “I'm not a kiss and tell type of guy, Jen.” I reach out and place a strand of hair behind her ear. “As you will find out.”

Her mouth opens and then closes. “I...er...Wasn't...” she coughs and bites down on her lips. I enjoy making her speechless.

I stand back up and laugh. “I'm teasing. I will tell you whatever you want.”

She playfully hits me in the chest. “You're mean! So, tell me about these girlfriends.”

“Not here” I head gesture to the balcony doors. “Let’s go outside.” We make our way through my guest and head outside into fresh air. Jen settles down in one chair and me in another. We both look out on to the Seattle landscape and I suddenly feel at peace and at home. 

“Feels good to be back, doesn't it” Jen says, her eyes still looking out at Lake Union. The sun is setting and glimmers over the water. I rest my head back and feel relaxed for a moment. As from tomorrow we will be getting to work, searching out her father.

Her eyes move away and she turns her whole body to face me. “You were going to tell me about these girlfriends?”

I let out a little laugh. “You really want to know about this stuff, don't you?”

“Yup, as it’s my birthday...”

I open my eyes. “Okay, okay” I sit up and turn to face her. “What do you want to know?”

“Who was your first girlfriend?”

“Lara Thompson,” I begin. “We met in the library I use to study in during high school. I was 16. We dated for a few months and she went off with some college guy. Then there was Alison, Jodie, Caroline and finally Lizzie.” 

“Wow” she looks surprised. “You've had five girlfriends. I feel pathetic now, I've only ever dated Chase and that only lasted a few weeks.” 

I sit back in my seat. “I don't understand why you dumped him. Becks said you had a huge crush on him. Why did you end things?”

She turns her head in the other direction and I notice the side of her cheek turn red. She shrugs casually. “I told you, I wasn't ready for a relationship.” 

There is an edge to her voice that makes me believe she isn't being truthful. I get up out of my seat and kneel down in front of her, my hands taking grip of hers. Our eyes lock and I watch as she swallows hard.

“That's not the reason, Jen. You can trust me...”

She pulls her hands out of my grip. “What's the point? Not like it even matters now anyway.” She stands up and walks over to the balcony. “Everything has changed since then.” She grabs hold of the railing, bows her head and her shoulders move. “Everything I thought I knew was just a lie” she sobs.

I get up off the floor, go and stand behind her. I want to reach out – hug her, but I feel my touch will be unwanted. “Nothing has changed...”

She spins round, tears streaming down her cheeks and her face like thunder. “You've changed, Ayden. I keep trying to push it from my mind, but you’re not that moody boy I thought I was falling for.” She lets out a deep breath and brushes the tears away from her face. “I broke up with Chase as I wanted to be with you. How stupid was I?”

It takes me a second to take in her words. She was falling for me? That I didn't see coming, I thought she always saw me as a friend. I thought I was pushing my lucky with touching and kissing her. I never thought for a single minute she felt the same as me. I can feel myself smiling and move closer towards her.

She holds her hands up and pushes against my chest. “Ayden,” she softly speaks, her saying my name sends heat through my body.

“Just listen” I hiss, gripping both her wrists and pulling her arms away. “I like you too, Jen. I have already confessed that. I haven't changed and I am fed up with repeating myself.”

“But...”

“Shh” I move closer towards her and she takes a step back, now trapped between me and railings. My hand rest on either side of her body and I take in her scent. I look deep into her eyes and lower my head down, our lips only a centimetre apart.

“May I?” I whisper, she slowly nods and then I kiss her. Slow and soft at first, she opens her mouth and my tongue dips inside against hers. Her hands move up my chest and lock around my neck. In that moment I am alive with desire, I wrap my arms around her waist and press her body up against mine. The kiss deepens and I crave her more that anything in my whole life. As the thought crosses my mind, I know I have to back away from her. I pull away from her, panting and heart thumping against my chest.

I have never kissed anyone like that in my life. I have never felt like this from one kiss. I look at her swollen lips, moist and she brings her hand up to touch them. Are hers tingling like mine? I think I am addicted to her. What have I done? Why have allowed my body to rule my head? 
I stand up straight, smooth back my hair and then place my hands in my pockets. I have to do something to restrain myself from grabbing hold of her again. The music inside has got louder and its then I remember the flat is full of people. Maybe it would be safer inside around others, as I can't trust myself being alone with her.

“We should head back inside” I mumble, still staring at the door.

“You’re doing it again!” She yells behind him, still I don't turn to look at her. “Fine!” She storms past me and inside. I want to run after her and confess all my doubts and concerns. I just can't do that, that's not me and I find it easier to shut down.

I'll give her a while and she should calm down. I’ll let her think I’m an inconsiderate bastard for now. It might help put some distance between us.  After all we aren't here on holiday. I'm here to do a job, a job I take pride in and a job which will secure my future.

I restore myself and enter the party that is in full swing. People are dancing, laughing and drinking too much. I look round the room and there is no sign of Jen. She has probably gone off to bed. I need to catch up with a few friends anyway. Space right now is good.

Half an hour later I am standing with a few friends when I hear yelling. It instantly captures my attention to the other side of the room. There is a roar of cheer and people start clapping. I make my way through the crowd and spot Jen.

She is standing on top of a table, arms in the air and swaying her hips. She looks flushed and intoxicated as her legs look unstable. Someone has given her alcohol. I am going to kill that person. It’s when she reaches to undo her shirt buttons that my protective side takes action.

“Jennifer!” I yell over the music, she looks at me, laughs and carries on. “Get down off there now!”

“No” She yells back and carries on dancing. Everyone is still watching and cheering her on.

“Get off that damn table or I swear I will…”

She stops dancing, looks at me and places her hands on her hips. “You’ll do what?” She raises an eyebrow. She is trying to provoke me. She reaches inside her pocket and pulls out her phone. “Here you go. Ring my Mom and tell her what I’m doing.” She throws the phone in my direction. “Knock yourself out!” Her words are slurred and she begins to dance again.

The phone lands at my feet, now she has really pissed me off.  I push the person in front of me, grab hold of her legs and fling her over my shoulder. She starts punch my back with her fists and I lead her towards her room. Everyone groans in disappointment, like I care. They shouldn’t take pleasure in her drunken state. If they want to see that, go to a strip club or something. 

I kick the bed room door open and then slam it shut with my foot. I finally place her on her feet, her legs almost buckle and I catch her by the elbow. I am really angry at her. I can’t believe she would disrespect herself like this. 

“Go to bed, Jen” it’s all I can say, as I know once I start I won’t stop. 

“You are not my father!” she spits, her little face is all screwed up and her hands are still in fists. “I was having fun, something I never get to do and you have to come along and spoil it.”

“FUN?” I yell. “Stripping on a table, is that your idea of fun? I see it as cheap and sluttish. You are not one of those girls. Now get into bed and sleep it off.”

I don’t want to get into this argument. I turn on my heel and leave the room. The party has now finished and it’s only Tucker alone on the sofa. He looks up at me and head gestures for me to join him. Its then I notice a bottle of whiskey and two glasses on the coffee table. I slump down in my seat and let out a little groan.

“Who gave her the alcohol?” are the first words to leave my lips.

“No one” Tucker replies, as he fills two glasses. “There was a tray of shots and she downed three, one after the other.”

He hands me a drink and I down it without thinking. The cool liquid burns my throat as it goes down, making me remember that I hate alcohol. It is a deadly drug, which one can get addicted to without thinking. I slam my glass down, lean forward and bury my head in my hands. What have I gotten myself into?

I must have been the reason she behaved that way tonight. She has been through so much the last couple of days and I have made everything worse.

I just can’t help myself when I am in her presence. I tried really hard to make her hate me. Each time she just kept coming back and that night when I saw her drenched in the rain. I let out a deep breath. No other woman has made me feel this way before. 

“I know this is none of my business” Tucker’s voice stops my thoughts in their tracks. “I just have this weird feeling there is something more going on.”

I lift my head and smile in his direction. Guess he isn’t as stupid as I thought he was. I know I can 
Confide in him as we’re in the same profession. I sit back on the sofa and wait a moment before I can confess all.

“She’s a client” I begin. “We have come to Seattle to search out her father.”

“She isn’t your girlfriend?” I shake my head. “But you two are very close and she is obviously smitten with you.”

“I know” I cry out, running my fingers through my hair. “And I have been encouraging her. I have acted very unprofessionally and crossed the line.”

“Then again” I watch as a smile hits his lips. “You’re just as smitten with her as well.” He gives a little laugh and downs the rest of his drink. “I’ve never seen you react that way before. You just swooped in there like a knight in shining armour.” I laugh at his remark. “Anyway” he pats my shoulder and stands up. “I need to sleep. I have a long shift at work tomorrow.” He begins to walk away, then turns and looks at me. “Don’t be too hard on her.” He heads to his bedroom, leaving me alone.

I pull my shirt over head and throw it down to the floor. I grab the cushions, resting them against the arm of the sofa. I lay down, grabbing the throw over and placing it over me. I close my eyes and wait for sleep to invade my body. What’s the point? My mind is still resisting any attempt of drifting off.

I no longer know what to do? Should I give up and hand the case over to someone else? 
No that I can’t do. I am committed to this job and I never give up on anything. I hear foot steps coming down the hall. No doubt it’s Tucker, wanting another heart to heart. I haven’t got the energy left in me. Tomorrow is going to be a long day, finding her father is going to take a lot of work. 

“Ayden,” whispers a voice. I feel her approach the sofa, I tilt my head up and she is stood beside me, wearing nothing but a t-shirt of mine. “I’m sorry” she mumbles.

What ever self discipline I thought I had goes out the window. I grab her hand and pull her down, so the length of her body is lying on top of mine. My arm wraps around her and I bury my head in the crook of her neck. I feel her tears against my chest and I hug her tighter.

“I shouldn’t have done what I did” she sobs. “I just wanted to forget for a little bit.  I’m worried about seeing my dad and I am worried about you.”

“Me?” I say softly into her hair. “Don’t worry about me.”

“You were really angry at me. I know what I did was stupid and childish. I just enjoyed being free for the first time. I didn’t have to think about mum, Lacey or my father.” She lets out a dragging breath and swallows back her tears. “Do you hate me?”

“Impossible. I could never hate you. Let’s get some sleep. We have a lot of searching to start tomorrow.”

“Okay” she whispers. “Are we okay?”

I brush my lips against her forehead. “Yes, we are more than okay. Close your eyes.” And that’s how I slept all night. Jen in my arms and funnily enough it was the best sleep I think I’ve had in a long while. 

CHAPTER TEN

We don’t speak about last nights stripping on the table top. In fact I think she is very embarrassed about the whole incident. Over breakfast I noticed Tucker was staring at me with raised eyebrows. I need to have a word with him. I can tell he is concerned that I am getting too involved. This can be damaging to a case. I need to reassure him that everything is in perfect control and I am compliable to do this job.

We have decided to check out her old home. It’s a pretty obvious place to look, which means he won’t be there. He is untraceable. We have spent months trying to track him down. This is a long shot. There’s even been talk that he has flied the country. I am hoping in Jen’s case that is not the case and he has just gone underground.

We pull up outside a pretty house in the suburbs. It’s exactly how I pictured it to be. Houses with white picket fences and colourful gardens. Outside each house is an expensive car. The whole place screams of money; Men with well paid jobs and the poor women playing the desperate housewife. I cut the engine and sit back in my seat. Jen is staring at the house in front of her.

“Its weird, I feel like this was a life time ago.” She points to a swing in the middle of a perfect luscious green lawn. “I would spend hours pushing Lacey on that. She would scream for me to push her higher.”

“I wished I had a younger brother or sister” I smile as her blue eyes turn to me. 

“What are your parents like?

“My mother walked out when I was ten” I begin. “My father turned to drink and forgot I even existed.” She places a hand on my knee and I can see the pity in her eyes. “I left home as soon as I could and I’ve never looked back.”

“So you really are alone” she says slowly. I turn to look at her in wonder. “Its just I felt sorry for you in Summerton. You lived all alone and there was no sign of a family. I couldn’t imagine not having my mother or Lacey.”

I shrug my shoulders casually. “You learn to deal with what is dealt to you. Besides, I have Tucker and you.”

The second I say that I want to hit myself in the forehead. I won’t have her in my life much longer. What a stupid thing to say?  I look at her beautiful face, she is smiling and her blue eyes sparkle with happiness.

I know I’m giving her false hope, for the moment I won’t burst her bubble. When this is over, we will both go back to our normal lives and move on. I’ll just play along for the moment.

My thoughts stop when I see Jen quickly turn her head towards the front door. A woman with long blonde hair is stood watching us. Her eyes are narrowed and her arms are folded across her chest. She doesn’t look happy. I notice Jen doesn’t seem be bothered about this woman, in fact she is smiling. 

She opens the door, jumps out and runs towards her. I watch as she flings her arms around the woman’s neck and the woman hugs her back. 

As I get out the car the woman is now smiling and holding Jen at arms length studying her? “Oh my god, Jennifer” her voice is almost high pitch. “What are you doing here? Does your mother know you’re here?”

“I’m here to see my father and yes she does know.” Jen looks over at me. “This is my friend, Ayden and he’s helping me. Ayden, this is my aunty Melanie Anderson. She’s my mom’s sister.”

‘Great to meet you Mrs Anderson” I give her most charming smile and hold out my hand.

“Great to meet you too, Ayden. It’s actually Miss” she shakes my hand. “I’ve never gotten round to the whole marriage thing yet.” She stands back and hand gestures. “Why don’t you both come in? I bet you have a thousand questions you want to ask.” She raises an eyebrow in Jen’s direction. “I take it your mother has explained what happened?”

“Yes” Jen replies, the smile drops off her face and she begins to look confused. “Why are you here, Aunt Mel?”

“I’ll explain everything inside, sweetie.” We both follow her inside and through into a very stylist expensive kitchen. Jen settles down at the breakfast bar while Melanie prepares the drinks. I take my place next to Jen, but never take my eyes of Melanie. I don’t know there is something about her that has put me on guard. 

Melanie places a three glasses of lemonade down and sits opposite me and Jen. “I’ve been staying here for the last year” she begins. “Your father wasn’t dealing very well with your mother leaving. In fact, you could stay he suffered a break down.”

“That wasn’t my mothers fault” Jen snaps, picking up her drink and taking a sip. “She had to leave him. He lied to her.”

“She stole all his money. He even had to sell his business just to keep the house.”

“Yes, but you do know why she left him, don’t you Melanie” I say, my voice a little icy. I don’t like this Melanie. There is something behind her reason for being here. After all this was her sister’s home.  She looks like Jen’s mom, but an older version. This makes me think maybe Jen’s dad has her here as some sort of substitute. 

“Of course I do” she smiles sweetly in Jen’s direction. I know behind that smile is some sinister motive. “What ever your mother has said about your father is beyond the truth. Everything he did was for her, Lacey and you. Things did get out of control and he messed up.”

“Where is he?” Jen abruptly asks.

“He’s away for a while.”

“How long?”

“I am not sure” she shrugs. She places her glass down and looks down at her watch. “Is that the time? I really should be heading off out.” She stands up from the breakfast bar and begins to clean away the glasses. “You should both come over for dinner tonight.”

“Can’t you tell me where my father is?” Jen says sadly.

“I would if I knew where he was, sweetie.” She walks over to Jen and places an arm round her shoulder. “Come over tonight and we can catch up.” She looks over at me. “You too, Ayden.”

We climb into the car and I can’t shift that nagging feeling that Melanie wasn’t telling the truth about something. Jen is silent as we drive off, her eyes focused on the road ahead. 

“Are you okay?”

“I think so” she sighs, she turns in her seat to face me. “It was just… I think I just assumed he would be there. I thought I would walk into that house and nothing would have changed.”

“Have you always seen a lot of your Aunt Mel?”

“Yeah, she’s always been around.” She pauses and tilts her head to the side. “In fact I can’t remember a time she wasn’t around. Do you think she knows more than she is letting on?”

I pull the car into a car park and cut the engine. “I know she does. That was obvious, what I didn’t get is why she is living in your father’s house. It just seems strange,”

“I thought that too. If Lacey had left her husband, I wouldn’t bother with him ever again.” She stops talking and looks at me, she seems shocked. “Do you think…” her eyes dart from side to side. “That they're together? As in together together?”
I nod my head. “Sort of makes sense.”

“If that is the case… she does know where he is” anger fills her voice. “Why would she lie to me?”

“Because I think she’s covering something up. Her body language gave her way.”

“We need to go back there tonight. We need her to tell us and if she doesn’t then we just search that house for clues.”

I throw my head back and laugh. “Clues? What are you detective Hopkins now?”

She playfully hits me in the arm. “Yeah and you’re my side kick. Come, let’s get some lunch and discuss our plan.” 

For the rest of the day we chill out back at the flat. Jen calls a few people, but no one has heard or seen her father in a while. I feel as if we have hit a brick wall. I know Melanie has all the answers.

I sit down on the sofa as she hangs up another call. This is all beginning to get a little too much for her. I wrap an arm round her shoulder, her head rests against my chest and she lets out a deflated sigh. 

“How can someone disappear like this?” She curls into me and I hold her tighter. “We’re not going to find him, are we?”

“I don’t know… Leave Mel to me. I’m pretty sure by the end of the night we will have at least one lead.” I feel her smile against my chest. I’m going to stand by my word. Tonight Melanie is going to tell me something.  That I am going to make sure of.

The front door opens and then closes. “Honey, I’m home” Tucker calls out. Jen gives a little chuckle and moves out of my grip. Tucker slumps down in one of the chairs. “So, what have you two been doing today?” He wiggles his eyebrows in a suggestive manner and I immediately give him a dirty look.

“I think I’m going to have a little lay down” Jen stands up and leaves the room.

The second I hear the bedroom door, I pick up a cushion and throw it at Tucker. He ducks and it flies over his head. “Why did you do that?”

“What?” he looks all innocent. “I was only messing. What, you can’t take a joke anymore?”

“Just don’t do it again” I warn. 

“Alright” he smiles. “What you love birds up to tonight?”

“Tucker,” I say sternly. He just shrugs and sits back in his chair. “We are actually going to have dinner with Jen’s Aunt.”

“Ah” Tucker smiles. “Meeting the family already? Sounds pretty serious.”

“It is serious. Do you still have that connection?”

“What connection?”
“From the data base agency? I need someone checked out.”

Tucker sits up and lets out a groan. “Ayden, you’re talking about that woman April.”

“Yeah and? Can you do this background check for me or what?”

“It means I have to take her out. I haven’t spoken to her in a year and you know how obsessive she got the last time.” He lets out a deep breath and rubs his brow. “She practically walked me down the aisle.”

“I wouldn’t ask if I was desperate…” I beg, my eyes pleading with him. “Please, Tuck, you know I would never ask if it wasn’t important.”

He rolls his eyes and pulls his phone out of his pocket. “Fine, but you’re paying. When do you want this info?”

“A.S.A.P” I grab a piece of paper and a pen and quickly write down Melanie’s name and address. “I want to know everything you can find out about her.” I hand it over, just as Tucker starts talking on the phone.

I am hoping Tucker can find that missing link and I’ll have something to confirm my suspensions about sweet aunty Mel.

***
Jen sits at the table, she looks nervous and uncomfortable. Melanie is fussing around preparing food. She has been welcoming towards us. I have a strange feeling it’s just an act. I lean over and place a hand over Jen’s.

“You need to relax” I whisper, she looks up and bites down on her lip. “If you want I’ll ask all the questions.”

“No, I need to do this” she sighs.

“What are you kids whispering about” Melanie jokes as she places food down on the table. Jen looks up at her all wide eyes. “I’m joking. I made your favourite. Pot roast.” She takes her place at the head of the table. “Tuck in before it gets cold.”

Both I and Jen recluntly begin to help ourselves to food. We all eat in silence. I might not like the woman but she sure can cook. I look up at Jen and she is just moving food around her plate. This can’t go on and I am desperate for answers. I sit up straight and turn my attention to Melanie.

“You said you’ve been here a year?”

“Yeah. Jen’s dad was in a bad state and needed someone to help out.” She puts her fork down and looks over at Jen. “You really have to understand how upsetting it was when your mother left him. He wouldn’t leave the house and he would drink...”

“And you came to his rescue” Jen snaps, slamming her fork down. “What exactly are you doing here?”

“I told you. I am here because your father needs me.”

“You said he has gone away. Obviously without you.” Jen lets out a deep breath. “Shouldn’t you be on my mother’s side? After all she is the victim in all of this. He lied to her and he committed Freud. You do know that, right?”

Melanie shifts in her chair and reaches for her glass of water. “Of course I do.” She takes a big gulp and swallows loudly. “You have no idea how demanding your mother is. She wanted the best of everything and he had to pay for it somehow.”

“Not by being a criminal. Are you with my father? Are you and him an item?” Melanie doesn’t answer. She just looks down at the table. “I knew it! So you lied, your not just here as a friend and you do know where he is.”

“Jennifer, please don’t be angry with me…”

“Of course I’m angry.” She throws her hands up in the air. “He has been threatening my mother. He sent men with guns to come and get me.”

“And why would your father do something as crazy like that” she narrows her eyes. “He loves you and he would never do anything like that. I think your mother has been telling you lies and I feel for her, of course I do.” She points her finger in Jen’s direction. “Let’s get one thing very clear. Your mother treated your father like dirt. She was never happy and constantly cheated on him.”

Out of nowhere a door opens and slams shut. Both I and Jen turn to look at Melanie, who now looks just as shocked as we are. She pushes back her chair and storms out of the room. That’s when the shouting begins.

“What are you doing here?” we hear Mel yell, it’s the other voice that makes Jen stand up and charge out of the room. I closely follow behind, eager to see who has caused this reaction from them. 

A tall slim man with grey hair is standing in a doorway, his skin tanned and wrinkled, it looks like he hasn’t shaved in awhile. He looks tired and his clothes are all creased up.  The minute he sees Jen, he takes a step back shaking his head. A hand covers his mouth and he lets out a painful cry.
With a shaking hand he points at Jen and turns to look at Melanie.

“What is she doing here…? This wasn’t…”

Melanie walks up to him and places her hands on his shoulders. We can’t see her facial expression as her back is towards us. I can tell she is mouthing something to him.

Before I have a chance to do anything Jen comes running up to Mel and pushes her out of the way -Almost sending her flying through a wall. She begins to push her father until he is forced up against a wall. Her fists start punching his chest and she is crying uncontrollably.

“You’re a liar. You’re spineless. How could you? How could you?” she yells at him, over and over again. It’s as if she uses all her strength up and collapses on the floor in a hemp.

Her father looks down at her. He is breathing heavily, but it’s his expression that captures me the most. He looks shocked with a hint of confusion. He should be on his knees hugging his daughter – comforting her, reassuring her everything would be okay.

My heart breaks for her, I drop next to her side and hug her. Her head falls against my chest and the tears continue to fall. I look up at him and meet his gaze.

“I don’t know what to say” he mumbles, running his hand down his face. “I don’t know what to say.” He staggers through a doorway, not bothering to even speak to his daughter. At least we have found the arsehole.

My grip of Jen tightens and I slowly help her to stand up. The tears are calming down; I can feel her shaking with anger.

“You lied to me, Mel” she sobs. I guide her to the front door. She needs to get out of here and gather herself before she does anything stupid. “I’ll be back tomorrow” she yells over my shoulder. “And you make sure that waste of space is here!”

***
The rest of the night Jen stays in my bedroom. I’m beginning to worry about her; maybe coming here wasn’t a good idea.  I lie back on the sofa and close my eyes. I really need to sleep but my mind won’t settle.

I would have loved nothing more than to of punched that man his face. He was cold towards Jen and what did Mel stop him from saying. Something wasn’t quite right with them; there was more than they were letting on.

“What are you still doing up?” Tucker says. I open my eyes and he is standing next to the sofa, holding something in his hand. “Here” he throws it in my direction and it lands on my chest. “You’re in luck. She is actually getting married and gave me the info to get rid of me. “

“Lucky escape then” I laugh sitting up.

“Tell me about it” he grunts, he turns to leave but stops in the doorway. “Look, I don’t know the exact details but if you need my help with anything…” I slowly look up at him, his big goofy face is serious and I just nod in response.  “Well, night.”

“Night” I call after him. I pick up the envelope and just stare down at it. I have a feeling that what ever is inside this is bad. I sit up and rip it open. I scan through the paperwork, basic information; her age, height, address.

I dismiss that and turn to her previous offences. Everything seems to be in order. She’s only been arrested once for shop lifting. Then jackpot, it’s an article about the Lopez case and now everything finally makes sense.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
Jen

I can’t sleep and wiggle around in the bed. Every time I close my eyes my father haunts me. He looked like a complete stranger, there was nothing there of the man I remember. I punch the mattress in rage, blinking up at the dark ceiling.

I feel sick, mainly because I’m missing home and mainly because my father looked at me like I was nothing. I feel so lonely, either though I know Ayden is in other room. Tonight I just really want to be on my own.

I sit up in bed and reach over to the bedside cabinet for my phone. I really want to hear a friendly voice and search through my contacts. There’s only really one person worth taking to and that’s Ali. 
I hit the call button and place the phone against my ear.

I’ve been meaning to speak to her ever since leaving her at the dance with those gunmen. I guess nothing happened, but I would like to make sure. I patiently wait and finally she answers. 

“Hello,” her voice is a little groggy; I guess I have woken her up.

“Hey,” I try to keep my voice as normal as possible. Even though I actually feel like breaking down into tears.

“Jen!” She screeches. “Oh my god Jen, where are you? Are you okay? What’s going on?”

I give a little laugh at her endless questions. “Ali, calm down. Everything is okay, I’m fine. I’ll be back in a few days. Tell me what I’ve been missing out on?” I get comfortable and wait to hear all the latest gossip.

“Well,” she sighs. “Chase has been telling the whole senior year he dumped you.”

I roll my eyes. He must have a sore ego. I don’t really mind, if he wants to go around telling lies then he can knock himself out. She never mentioned anything about the dance, should I bring it up? I bite down on my lip. I would like to know that everyone is safe. I swallow hard and finally ask my question.

“What happened at the dance?’

“Oh yeah,” Ali shrieks. “The men with guns – What happened to you?” 

“I went out the emergency exit. Well, Ayden dragged me out of there. Did anyone get hurt?”

“No. No one knows who they were looking for. After five minutes they left. Security at school is now over the top. But yeah, it was very scary.” She lets out a deep breath. “Ayden’s left.”

“He’s left?” I try to sound surprised.

“Yeah. No one has seen him since the dance. Gossip around the town is that the men were for him. Becks is depressed, she thought her and Ayden were getting serious. But I knew he only had a thing for you.”

Her words bring a little smile to my lips. I do feel bad that I can’t tell her the whole truth. No one knows about Ayden and why he was really in Summerton. Once again my mind drifts back to my father and I feel uneasy again. 

I shake my head and try to concentrate on my conversation with Ali. I need something uplifting.
“How are things with Travis?”

She lets out a little girly giggle. “Very well” she coos down the phone. “I introduced him to my family on Sunday and my dad was actually nice to him.”

“Did your dad talk about his boat?”

“Of course” she snorts. “Why have you gone away?” She asks unexceptionally. 
How do I answer, what shell I answer with? I think quickly just as there is a tap on the door and 
Ayden enters. “Jen, who are you talking to?”

“Who’s that?” Ali yells surprised down the phone.

I look over at Ayden and give him a little smile which he returns. “It’s my cousin” I lie. “I’m just staying with family in Seattle. I’ll be back in a few days. We can talk then, bye Ali.”

“Okay” she sighs disappointedly. “I’m really missing you. Becks is driving mad with her endless talk of Ayden. You better make sure you come back…”

“I will” I insist, just as soon as everything is sorted with my dad. I don’t say that out loud and feel guilty that I have lied to my friend. “Bye Ali” I don’t wait for her to reply and end the call. I stare down at my phone. I still don’t feel any better.

“Who were you talking to?”

“Ali” I sadly reply. I want to cry now, I am fed up with crying. I seem to be feeling every emotion possible. Why does my life have to be this messy? I begin to think about my father again. I don’t know why he acted so shocked when he saw me. This is my home, technically. Surely I can come and go when I like.

Ayden sits down next to me and places his arm around my shoulder. I feel we are getting too close, but I enjoy being held by him. I am safe with him and I trust him immensely. I rest my head against his chest and take in his scent. 

“I’ve found something out” he says into my hair.

“And what’s that?”

He pulls away and I turn to face him. His brow is knotted together and he avoids eye contact with him. “It’s Mel,”

“What about Mel?”

He shakes his head and I know it’s not good. “She’s in a relationship with Mario Lopez.”

“What?” I scream in shock. “She’s with my father, isn’t she?”

“I don’t think so” Ayden replies. “I think she’s there to keep an eye on him and is waiting for Mario’s money.”

“Which she won’t get” I add, as I stare down at my hands.

“No. We need to get your father on his own and talk to him. We need to know how long Mel has been in the picture and what her involvement is.”

“Great” I roll my eyes. “That isn’t going to happen. If she’s there to watch him she isn’t going to let him out of her sight.” I throw my hands up in frustration. “This isn’t going to work, is it? We’re not going to get him to hand himself in.”

“I don’t know” he shrugs, his voice a little edgy. “We need to come up with another plan.”
“It’s a waste of time.”

His dark eyes glare at me and slowly narrow. “Don’t say that” he hisses, his voice sends shivers down my spine. “We will do what we came here to do. I promise.” His facial expression softens and he slowly leans towards to me. “You can trust me.” With that his lips brush my cheek, he stands up and walks towards the door. “Get some sleep. We have a busy day tomorrow.” He steps out of the room and closes the door.

I fling myself back on the bed and stare up at the dark ceiling. My cheek tingles from where he has just kissed and my blood is pumping through my veins. I know deep down nothing will happen between us. Firstly, he is too old for me and secondly, after this is over he will leave. This is just his job.

I close my eyes and try to sleep. All I can see is Ayden’s face and those dark eyes which make me feel small and weak.

I think I am slowly becoming crazy. Everything goes from one extreme to another. Just a month ago my only problem was my mother and dealing with her unacceptable behaviour. Now I know that was probably her way of dealing with this stress and I under more why she never told me anything.

Finally sleep takes its grip of me, I have vivid dreams all about horrible looking bad men, dark eyes and guns.

***
Morning comes too quickly, as soon as my eyes open reality hits me straight away.  I climb out of bed and walk into the living room. Ayden is already up and sat at the table going through some paper work. I take in his profile and my stomach flips. I begin to wonder what will happen after we accomplish our plan. The pain hurts too much to even consider never seeing him again.

“Morning” he smiles, looking up from what he is doing. “I thought I would take you out for breakfast today.”

“What about trying to talk to my father?”

“We have plenty of time to do that” he adds.

“Morning folks” Tucker greets us as he strolls into the living room dressed ready for work. “Did we all sleep well?” He heads over to the kitchen and begins to make himself a coffee. I begin to feel awkward standing so decide to sit at the table with Ayden.

Its then I notice a picture of my aunt standing beside that Marco man. His arms are wrapped around her and she is smiling. I know that smile; I get the same smile when I am with Ayden.

“You okay, Jen” Ayden asks, noticing my eyes are fixated on that one piece of paper. He quickly grabs it and flips it over. “Don’t worry, we will sort this out.”

We sit in a little café just a few minutes from Ayden’s place. I look down at my waffles covered in syrup. I remember having this exact same breakfast when I was younger. It was a highlight of weekend. Every Saturday my father would take me out and I would drench my food in golden syrup and it always remained a secret just between him and me. 

I grab my fork and begin to push the food around my plate. It’s funny how a little memory can make you feel bad. I always enjoyed being a daddy’s girl. How your dreams and hope can be dashed so quickly. He is no longer that man I was brought up to believe he was. There was never anything decent about him, how could there be? He was good at lying just like my Aunty.

How could she do this to my mother? How could she do this to me? She should be on our side not some low-life murderer. I really need to see my father and I really think it would be better if I did it alone. I know there is no way Ayden is going to allow that.

I look up from my plate and over to him. He’s reading a newspaper while sipping his coffee. I take in his perfect face, dark eyes and focus on his lips. I remember how soft and how right they feel on mine.

I bet he will be gone soon- Someone else who will leave me. My heart breaks a little at the thought of never seeing him again.

He will have to go soon, won’t he? After all this his job and I doubt he would give it all up for me. In fact I wouldn’t want him to give it up for me.

“What are you thinking about?” He asks, stopping my thoughts in their tracks.

My cheeks flush as I realize I haven’t taken my eyes off him. Really, how can I? He’s perfect and I have deep feelings for him. I can’t have him, I will never have him. He’s too old for me, he deserves more than me.

“My father” I lie, stabbing a waffle with my fork. “He would bring me to a place like this when I was younger.” He puts his coffee down and gives me all his attention. I carry on talking just so I no longer have to think about a life without Ayden. “We would order a big stack of waffles and drench them in syrup – Which my mum hated me to have.” I give a little laugh. “It was always our little secret, but I think she knew.”

“Must be nice having nice memories?” His voice is off beat and he looks down at the table. “I don’t remember ever doing anything with my father. I had a grandmother, but after she died I was pretty much alone.”

My hand instantly reaches out for his and with his free hand he places it over mine. My eyes look at our intertwined hands. I love the way it feels. He looks back at me and smiles. “We should really come up with a plan.”

“I know” I say off key as that fear soars through my body. “I just don’t think I will be able to speak with him without getting angry.”

“You need to block it out” he gives my hand a little squeeze. “It’s a basic lesson I had to learn through training.”

“Have you ever had a young client before?”

“Yes,” he stops what he is saying and swallows hard. His dark eyes look over at me, making me squirm in my seat. I feel the goose bumps popping up over my bare arms and my stomach flips over. “I’ve never gotten attached before.”

Attached meaning joined, combined and together. We will never be together, will we? I blink back my tears. I need some space. I pull my hand out of his grip and stand up. “I need the bathroom” I lie, turning and walking through to the back.

Once inside the small confinements of the toilet I take in deep breaths. My heart is pounding through my chest and my whole body is feeling on edge. I try to drag in another breath, but my chest hurts too much. I dash over to the sink and switch on the cold water. Quickly I splash the water over my face hoping for relief, but nothing happens.

I close my eyes and concentrate on breathing. It slowly begins to work and my body begins to feel stable again.

I have no idea what I am going to do. The more I think about everything, the more the doubts creep in. I feel betrayed by my whole entire family. My mother- for keeping this from me. 
My father- for destroying my childhood and Mel for stabbing my mother in the back.

I quickly open my eyes as an idea creeps into my head. That’s it; I need to get my father away from Mel somehow. I need to rescue him. A plan comes together in my mind and a little smile hits my lips. Yes, that’s it.

Although I can’t get Ayden involved, my father won’t speak if he knows all about Ayden. I have to do this alone and prove to everyone I’m no longer a stupid kid. I’m 18, an adult in the eyes of the law.

I leave the bathroom, feeling more upbeat and positive about the whole situation. I look over at the table and see Ayden talking to some woman. I freeze on the spot and just watch the scene being played out before me. The woman is tall, thin and looks nothing but glamorous. Her skinny jeans and heels enhance her long legs. The silk cami top leaves nothing to the imagination and her long dark hair rests neatly on her over exposed chest.

I watch as she freely touches Ayden’s arm and flutters her eyelashes at him. Ayden looks like he wants to run away, his arms are folded over his chest and sits away from her. I take another look at the woman. Oh my god, its Natalie, the woman from the party. He looks behind him and at me, his eyes pleading for help. What should I do? It has to be something bold, something that tells this woman he is off the market.

She touches him again which surges jealously through me. I don’t like other women touching him. I smile back at him; I know exactly what I am going to do. The one thing I have wanted to do since we’ve met and now I have the perfect reason.

He raises an eyebrow as if to say ‘help me, now!’ I smile back, pull back my shoulders and take in a deep breath. With confidence I strut towards him. I can’t believe I am about to do this, but it will be fun to see the look on her face afterwards.

I stop when I reach Ayden; his dark eyes look up at me. Completely ignoring that we are in a room full of people, I straddled his lap and sit down. My arms creep up his chest and wrap round his neck. One hand buries it’s self into his hair and the other cups his face. I lean forward, pressing my body against his.

“I missed you” I say, my voice breathy and needy. He doesn’t say anything as his own arms lock around my waist. I place my lips on his, at first he freezes and I feel his fingers dig into my hips. I kiss him again, slowly tracing his bottom lip with my tongue. His mouth opens and his own tongue touches mine.

Without even thinking I fall into his kiss. My fingers tug in his hair and I hear a raspy groan escape his mouth. I kiss him with need; everything I want to say to him is in that kiss. He kisses back with force and as just much need. We completely get lost in one another; the whole world is blocked out. He pushes me closer to him until there is no space.

“Um... Hmmm” Someone coughs.

The spell is broken and my eyelids flicker open. I slowly pull away much to my disappointed. Ayden opens his eyes and looks up at me, a wicked grin plastered over his face. The whole room erupts into cheering and clapping. ‘I what a side order of that’ – One person yells. My cheeks flush bright red and I have to hold in a giggle. I slowly look up at Natalie, who is scowling and doesn’t look too pleased.

“Hey,” I smile sweetly.

“Natalie,” Ayden says, looking up at Natalie too. “You remember my girlfriend, don’t you?”
She narrows her eyes at me and then looks back at Ayden as if butter wouldn’t melt in her mouth. 

“Of course I do. Jen” she hisses my name. “It’s nice to see you again.” I roll my eyes at her falseness, nothing will bring me down. My lips still tingle from his kiss and its taking all my strength not to do it again.

“You too” I smile back.

“Well, Natalie” Ayden begins, he moves his leg and I take that as my cue to get back up. His arms grip hold of me and I remain where I am... this I could get use to. Without even thinking I lean over and kiss his cheek. A smile forms on his wonderful mouth and his eyes shine a little. “You must have things to do and we have breakfast to finish.”

“Yes... I’ll see you both around.”

“Not if we see you first” I say without batting an eyelash. She gives me another dirty, turns on her heel and struts out of the restaurant.

“I should be thanking you” Ayden says; bring my attention back to him. He is smiling, a beautiful smile that enhances his beautiful face. I can’t help but smile back as my fingertips play in his hair. How many times have I wished to do this? His hair is really soft and glides through my fingertips.

“You’re welcome” I grin down at him.

He looks around and I copy, a few people are looking at us. I guess they’re wondering if there will be getting a repeat performance. I really hope so, not even my first kiss can live up to that.

Poor Chase. I wonder how he’s doing. I’m not even mad that he’s told a pack of lies to everyone. I think I deserve it. Maybe after everything is sorted out, I will sit down and have a good chat with him.

Ayden places a strand of loose hair behind my ear. “Are you going to finish your breakfast?”

“No,” I sigh slowly getting to my feet. Reality has hit me again and I now need to focus on making my plan work. Somehow I need to get to my fathers without Ayden. “I’m not hungry anymore.”

“You haven’t really eaten anything since we left Summerton. Your mother is going to kill me if you waste away.”

“I won’t tell if you don’t?”

“Deal?” he smiles also standing up. “I’ll get the check. Stay here.” He firmly orders as he points to the table. I watch as he heads towards the counter. This is my chance and my only chance. I grab my bag off the table and quickly look over at Ayden. He is still waiting to be served with his back towards me.

I only have one minute to get away from him. I race through the door which is opened to my relief and run as fast as I can down a busy high street, weaving in and out the crowds. I keep running and running. My father’s house isn’t that fair away and I know a few shortcuts. Once I feel there is no way Ayden will catch up I slow down to a walk.

I begin to feel bad that I have been forced to do this. Ayden has been amazing in all of this and I can’t thank him enough for being here with me. This is something I must do alone, after all this is my family. I’ll have it out with my dad and make him see sense. Then we can both go to the police and tell them all about Mel.

I begin to think about the kiss with Ayden. How come I am now realizing that maybe it was a goodbye kiss. After today we may never see each other again. This makes me sad, but I know this is just a job to him.

I turn down alley way that will lead towards my dad’s house. The adrenaline is now pumping through my veins and I have no doubts that this won’t work. Out of nowhere I feel a pair of hands grab my shoulders. I scream but it’s muffled when a hand is placed across my mouth. I try to free myself, but who ever is holding me is too strong.

“Blind fold her” says a voice behind me. I try to move again, but there is no way I can. Something black covers my eyes, I am lifted off my feet and carried to the unknown. 

What have I done and where am I going? I ask myself as I am plonked down somewhere cold and hard. Something slams and then slams again, before long I can feel myself moving. The tears begin to pour and fear spreads through. Am I going to die? God no, I don’t want to die. I should have never left Ayden. Why did I think I could do this alone? I want to go home; I wish I had never come here. 

The thought of never seeing my mum or Lacey again makes my sobs harder. My whole body is shaking and I want to be sick. I am stupid- just a stupid kid who should of kept my nose out. Why did I think I could play the superhero and fix everything? I know I am going to die. This is it; this is my fate…Goodbye world.

CHAPTER TWEVLE
Ayden

As I wait to be served I replay the kiss I’ve just shared with Jen. Who would have known that she could kiss like that? My heart beats faster and I can feel the blood soaring through my body. I just wish it had been somewhere private and hadn’t been for show. I take in a deep breath to try and restore myself.

I’ve decided that I want to be with her, my feelings for Jen are beginning to grow and I can no longer resist them. Okay, there is a little age difference but not that much. I just can’t give her up. Between her and my career, it’s her I want. I have never loved anyone and I have never had anyone who cared about me. Except my grandmother, buts she’s no longer here.

God I miss her, she was kind and would do anything for me. She knew what useless parents I had and tried everything she could to make my life happier. It’s finally my turn and I pay for our breakfast. I can’t help smiling when I turn round expecting to see her waiting at the table.

My happy mood instantly disperses as I find just an empty seat. I begin to look around the whole restaurant, frantically trying to spot her… nothing. Panic begins to stir from deep within the pit of my stomach. The anxiety begins to make my heart pound against my chest. 

I push past people to escape outside, my eyes scanning up and down the street. No sign… I decide to run in the direction to my place. Why would she go off like that? The panic begins to get worse and images begin to race through my mind. I start to think about those men with guns who came looking for her. Shit, I really need to report this. I slow down to a walk and grab my phone from my pocket.

I dial the commander’s office; I am dead and if something does happen to her, I’ll be out of a job. That’s not all; if anything happens to her I’ll blame myself. I should have insisted she came with me and never let her out of my sight. Fuck, this is all messed up. 

The Chiefs booming voice hits me hard. “Forbes? How’s the operation going?”

I cringe at his words, referring to Jen as an operation. She is much more than that to me now. Way too much more.  Please let her be there, please I chant in my head.

“Sir, the operation has had a minor hiccup” I try to keep my voice firm. I know he will be able to sense the panic.

“What’s happened?”

“Jennifer Hopkins...” I pause and take in a deep breath. “Well… She’s...”

“Forbes! Quit going around the houses and spit it out boy.”

“She’s disappeared. We were having breakfast, I went to pay and when I turned round she was gone.” My voice breaks on the last word and I have to blink back tears. What is wrong with me? I have taken this case to heart. No not the case, Jen. I have fallen madly head over heels for her and it is unprofessional.

That’s why she went missing today because I wasn’t focused on the main aim of this job- keeping her safe.

“SHIT!” He yells down the phone. I stop outside my apartment building. I’m ready to listen to my telling off. I deserve everything he says to me. I know I am finished now and I really don’t care. I just want my Jen safe and sound.

“This is a big problem, Forbes. Are you still in Summerton?”

I close my eyes and rest up against a wall. “No,” I quietly reply. “We’re in Seattle. After the gun men came I confessed everything to her. We’re here looking for her father.”
“For crying out loud… Do you understand what a risk you have taken? That poor girl could be anywhere now. You know how desperation Mario Lopez is for that money and we don’t even have a clear understanding of what her father’s involvement is.”

“I know…”

“Well if you knew why did you do such a crazy thing? Right, we need to move fast. I’m going to send a few men out and try to see if we can find anything. I’ll also call the IT and see if we can’t trace the tracker on her phone. You, search everywhere you think she would go.” He pauses and I can hear his teeth grind. “I’m warning you, Forbes. If this all goes pear shape you can bet your ass you’ll be out of a job.”

“Yes sir,” I weakly reply. “You have no idea how bad I feel.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah” his voice is sharp. “Just find her!” He hangs up and I bring the phone away from my ear. 

I feel numb and my body is unwilling to move. I need to know that she is safe inside. I wipe away a tear that rolls down my cheek. I never thought I would feel this way about anyone. After watching the train wreck of my parents marriage and watching my father slip into a dark depression. I told myself I would never love anyone. I would never end up the mess he did. I’ve barely started my career and already fallen for someone.

I can’t stand here feeling sorry for myself. I charge towards my apartment. Please let her be here. I want to enter my home and see her beautiful face. Then I will confess everything I feel for her. Get her father and take her home safely. I barge through my front door and start calling out her name. Frantically I search each room only to discover she isn’t there.

I make my way back to the living room and collapse on the sofa. All my fears are made real. She’s gone. I place my head in my hands and close my eyes tight. This is bringing back dark memories that I thought I had erased. That afternoon when I came home from school to find my mother gone and him sat in the corner completely out of his face. A pain hits my chest as I recall the first beating he gave me. After all it had to be my fault she left. Anyone in their right mind would prefer to leave a child rather than a raging alcoholic. In her case she left both.

“What’s with all the noise” Tucker says entering the living room. I look up at him all sleepy and rubbing his eyes.

“Jen’s gone missing.” I jump to my feet. I’ve had enough of dealing with my dark demons. I need to get out there and I need Tucker for back up. “Get dressed.”

“Why?” He yawns. “I’ve just finished a twelve hour shift.”

“I don’t care” I yell, disappearing to my room and reappearing a few seconds later with my gun in hand. “We need to go to her father’s house. That’s where Mario’s bitch lives.”

Tucker raises his hands in defeat. “Ok, but why would you think she is there? Didn’t you say she was from this area? Maybe she is visiting friends?”

I spin round to face him, anger and panic pulsating through my body. “You don’t get it, do you? These people are desperate for this money. They have already sent men with guns. We have no idea what they will do next.”
Tucker tilts his head and looks at me for a second. My heart is beating fast and my breathing is erratic. “You’ve got it bad” he whispers before heading back to his room.
I try to calm myself down but nothing helps. He returns a few minutes later, tucking his gun in the back of his jeans. “Come on, let’s find your girl and get you that happy ending.”

I roll my eyes as I follow him out. “All I want is her to be safe.”

He quickly looks over his shoulder. “Yeah, it’s all about the job.”

I grab hold of his shoulder, spinning him round to face me. “Look, stop going on. Jen could be in great danger and yes I’m concerned. If something happens it will be down to me.”

The smug grin drops from his face and his eyes burn into me. “Ayden, I’ve known you for years. You’re like a brother to me. So, don’t go putting on this macho shit with me. I know you love her and we will find her.”

“Love is a little strong” I mumble looking down at my feet. He is right through.

“Whatever” he strolls out of our building and heads straight to the car. “Have you tried calling her?”

I freeze on the spot. “No!”

Tucker turns to face me again and rolls his eyes. “Did you call anyone?”

“Yeah.”

“Who.”

“The chief” I cringe.

“Great, you’re really not with it, are you?” He grabs my keys off me. “I’ll drive… I don’t fancy getting into an accident and dying today.” He opens the car door and I get in. “You should try ringing her” he says, slamming the door behind me. I pull my phone out of my pocket and if on cue it begins to ring.

“Is that the chief?” Tucker asks as he sorts the driver’s seat out.

“Nope, its worse.” I really don’t want to answer, but I know she will be worried like hell. I hit the answer button. “Hello, Ms Hopkins.”

“You’ve lost my daughter!” She shouts down the phone. I look over at Tucker who is just staring at me. “I’ve tried calling her but there is no answer. It just keeps going to voicemail.” At least there’s my answer to ringing Jen. “I trusted you, Ayden. You’re meant to be protecting her. I should have never of let her go with you. Say something Ayden!” Her voice is frantic and I hear her sobs.

Once again I feel bad. She’s right, I’m meant to be protecting Jen. I let everything get too relaxed and I didn’t keep my eye on the ball. I swallow back the lump in my own throat. “I don’t know what to say, Ms Hopkins. I’m sorry and I promise you, we are looking for her now.”

“That isn’t good enough,” she sighs and begins to cry harder. “How did you lose her?”

I bow my head. I don’t like hearing her misery which has been brought on by me. “We were having breakfast and I went to pay. When I turned round she was just gone.”

“Oh Jennifer” she sobs. “I want her back, Ayden.”

“I know and I will do everything I can to find her.” I nod to Tucker and he starts up the car. “The first place I am going to check is her dads. I have already called the chief and he’s getting extra men to search. He’ll also be tracing the tracking device in her phone.”

“I don’t know what I will do if…”

“There are no ifs!” I cut her off. “We will find her and by the end of this, everything will be over. You’ll be able to have a decent life without looking over your shoulders. Trust me, Ms Hopkins.”

“I do… Its them I don’t trust.”

“Good bye, I’ll keep you updated.”

“Yes, of course. Good bye, Ayden” with that she finally ends the call. I turn my head and watch as Seattle goes by. “Next the next turn right and head on to the freeway” I instruct not once looking at him.

“Who was that?”

“Jen’s mother. She can’t get hold of her and is beginning to panic.” I rub my brow. A headache is beginning to come on. No doubt from all the stress. I’m getting a strange idea that Jen wondered off on purpose. But why, she can’t be that stupid? 

“Are you sure she hasn’t just gone to meet friends?”

“No!” I yell. “She would have told me or picked up the phone. I know exactly what she planned to do.  She went off to talk to her father. She’ll be at his, I know it.”

“And what if she isn’t?

I shake my head and carry on staring out of the window. “We find her and pray we get there in time.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Jen

“What are you doing?” Says a voice. “You promised not to hurt my girls.”

“Oh shut up” yells another. “I’m not going to hurt her.”

I slowly open my eyes to find my dad and Melanie looking down at me. I try to move, but my hands are bounded together. I try to move my legs but they also are tied together around my ankles. I lay quietly just blinking up at them, wondering where I am and what I am doing here. My head feels a little foggy and my whole body feels heavy.

My mind turns to thoughts of Ayden and how stupid I have been. “Dad,” I try to say, but my mouth is dry and throat is sore, not to mention how much my eyes sting.

“Sweetie, I’m here” he softly says, his hand smoothing out my hair. He looks over at Melanie, who is just grinning down at me. “She needs water and will you untie her.”

She thinks for a moment and leans closer towards me. “Are you going to do anything stupid, Jennifer? I’m warning you it wouldn’t be in your best interest if you did.” I shake my head, eager to be untied and to stand up. “Okay, you have been warned.” She unties me, taking her time which only adds to my need to be free.

Once I’m free, I sit up and rub my wrists, which now have red burn marks on them. My father walks over with a glass of water and I quickly take a massive gulp. It hurts to swallow and the pain in my chest makes me choke.

“It’s okay” my father says, sitting down next to me and wrapping his arm around my shoulder. “Its okay, this will be over soon. I promise… I’m so sorry.” I rest my head on his shoulder and for the first time in years enjoy embracing him.

“Well isn’t this touching” Melanie’s voice disrupts the precious moment I am sharing with my father and reality hits home. I’ve been kidnapped, obviously by Mel. I was grabbed off the street and taken here, to god knows where.

“Why are you doing this?” I ask, finally looking her in the eye. I’m not going to be scared of her. I will not show my fear and let her win. She is taking great amusement in all of this. And what for… In order to get her drug dealing murdering boyfriend’s money. I guess the last joke is on her, as the money is gone. I’m pretty sure they are looking for me and I will just have to remain calm and in control until they do. 

“You know” she quickly replies, I can actually see the greed in her eyes. Her whole composure is cold and hard. She’s changed, or maybe she has always been like this and clearly tricked me into believing she was the greatest aunt ever.

Why has it all come down to this? Why was I so stupid? I never think… I just do what I want and believe what I want. I think back to when I would be angry at my mother for the way she behaved. She wasn’t out of line; it was her way of dealing with the mess she had left at home. I wish I was with her now. I miss Lacey and mother like crazy. Once again Jen knew best and I talked everyone into bringing me here.

I make sure I keep eye contact with her, if I show her fear she will be in her element. “The money?”

My dad’s head whips round in my direction. “You know?”

“Yes.”

He bows his head down in what I can only explain is shame. At least it shows he has a conscience and not an evil person like Melanie. He waits a second before he speaks. “I have no words to explain my behaviour, Jen. Please believe me I never intended to destroy our family.” He reaches out and takes my hand. It’s that moment I realize how much I have exactly missed him. 

“I really love this dear diary moment, but I didn’t bring her here for a heart to heart.” My eyes look over at Mel who is standing in front of us.

“What are you planning to do?” I ask. I think I am beyond feeling fear now. She has a plan and I feel as if I’m going to be used as bait for whatever she wants.
A miraculous smile creeps across her lips. “I want to you to contact your mother.” She pulls out her phone. “You tell her to give me back my money or something will happen to you!” 

That lump rises in my throat again and I quickly look back at my father. “Why would you want to hurt me?”

“Because she’s jealous” my father quickly says, his arm rests across my shoulders in an attempt to protect me. “She always has been.”

“Jealous!” Melanie snorts. 

My father slowly stands up. He looks so thin and distressed. He has aged at least ten years in such a short amount of time. His hair is thinning and turning slightly grey. His face is hollow and the dark bags under his eyes make his face look even paler.

“Yes, jealous” he walks towards her. “You never could accept that I chose my wife over you. You hated the fact she had everything you wanted. The big house, a devoted husband and beautiful children.”

“Devoted husband?” She laughs. “You are nothing but a joke.”

“Face it” he says moving closer towards her. “She has always been better than you…”

Melanie’s hand slams into my father’s face, he remains still on the spot as if it didn’t affect him at all. “Shut up!” she screams. “You are a foolish man. You should be thankful that I’ve let your precious wife and children live.” She looks over at me. “How was your dance?”

“You sent them?” My voice almost nothing.

“Sent who?”

“Men with guns…” 

My fathers jaw drops open and his eyes wide. “How could you do that?”

“Because that bitch has my money” she yells as she storms over to me. She grabs a fist full of my hair pulling me to get up. I scream out in pain, it feels as if it is being ripped out of my head. Tears fill my eyes. “Call your mother” she snarls. “And don’t do anything stupid.”

I look over at my father. “Please Mel” I start begging. “Why are you doing this? You’re hurting me.” Her grip tightens and I am dragged by my hair to the other end of the room. 

“Because I can” she says, throwing me down on to a chair and finally letting go of my hair. She slams her phone down on a table in front of me. “You ring her and demand my money. You tell her if the money isn’t returned by tonight, she can say goodbye to her precious baby.”

“Mel,” I choke out between my sobs.  

"Stop your blabbing" Mel yells at me. I swallow back my words, what is going to happen when she finds the money has gone. My eyes look over at the phone lying on the table. A great relief hits me when I see it’s my phone. Freedom is in sight.
She gives a little laugh as her fingers run through my hair and she leans closer towards me. "Nice thought, Jennifer. You'll find I have removed your boyfriend’s number."
I don't know what to say, but just stare at the phone. There is no escape and she isn't going to give up. My eyes slowly look over at my father, who has sat back down and placed his head in his hands. Is he a victim too? All this time has Mel been pulling the strings? So many answers are needed and I doubt I will ever get to hear them.
"Let’s do this the easy way, shell we?" Mel's cold voice pulls me out of my thoughts. She pushes the phone in my direction. "Ring her!" I still can't move. "Do it!"
I pick up the phone and dial my mother’s phone number. I just stare up at Mel as the phone begins to ring. Instantly my mother answers.
"JEN! Jen, where are you? Why did you disappear? Are you okay? Speak to me sweetie."
My mouth has gone dry and I can't think of a single thing to say especially with Mel standing right behind me. She places a hand on my shoulder and gives it a squeeze.
"Mom" I begin, the tears are beginning to start again. This could be the last time I ever speak to her. "They want the money back."
"Who?" She shrieks down the phone. A pain in my head is beginning to pulsate and I want to be sick. This is my entire fault. I practically walked into Mel’s trap.
"Auntie Melanie and she said if she doesn't then..." My voice breaks and I can't say the words. I hear my mother scream and Mel walks in front of me smiling. She must have heard the blood curdling scream too.
"Jennifer...” says a stern voice.”It’s Ted. Now listen to me... Put Mel on the phone." His voice turns to a whisper. "I'll keep her talking and we will track where you are. Just stay strong, we're coming and no one is going to hurt you."
I should feel relief, but I don't. "She wants to speak to you" I mumble, holding out the phone. She quickly takes it. I have a funny feeling she was expecting this. I push back the chair, stand up and run straight over to my father. I collapse in his arms, crying and shaking.
I watch as she paces up and down clutching my phone to her ear. “So sis, how are you? Who is this?” She yells stopping in her track. “Ted? Okay, Ted… You tell my darling sister that I want that money. I will meet you half way and when you drop the money, I’ll return precious Jennifer.” A sly smile curls across her lips and her eyes meet mine. “Do you want to risk it? I’ll meet you tomorrow lunch time… Yep, I know where that is.” She walks over to me and my father, my father holding me tighter. “Be there or something will happen to Jen.” She ends the call and places the phone in back pocket.

I don’t think I have ever hated someone so much. I don’t even understand why any of this taking place. She runs a hand through her blonde hair and lets out a deep breath. “Well, looks like I have to get ready for a road trip.” She turns on her heel and walks towards a door. “I’ll be back in an hour and don’t try anything stupid. Two men are on the other side of this door and will do what ever it takes to stop you running.” She gives a little laugh and disappears out of the door. I hear a lock click and for the first time I can breathe.

I’m not comfortable being locked in a room, but without her here I feel relieved. My eyes wonder around the room. That’s when I notice a makeshift bed on a floor, a suitcase full of clothes and a couple of tatty books on a bedside cabinet.

“Is this where you’ve been staying?”

“Yes,” My father sighs. “When the police came looking for me, Mel suggested I stayed here. At the time I didn’t know about her involvement and thought she was helping me.”

Something clicks in my head and I jump to my feet. My eyes glaring down at him, I am filled with anger. “Why did you do it?”

He bows his head. “Because I’m a foolish stupid man. The first case I took on was easy. The money offered to me helped us buy the house. From then on it began to snowball out of control. More people came to me and business began to boom. I was greedy…” He pauses to catch his breath and with one of his hands he wipes his eyes.
“How did you get involved with this Mario man?”

He looks up at me shocked. “How do you know so much about this?”

“Answer my question first!”

“Okay,” he quickly replies. “He requested me when he was arrested. He had heard about all the cases I had won and how I won them. He offered me a lot of money and I was pretty sure I could win. My ego was huge at this point, I thought…” he shakes his head and gives a laugh. “I thought I was invincible.” 

“Then what happened?” I sit back down next to him as I begin to feel weary again.

“Your mother began to get suspicious about all the money I was making and slowly began to piece everything together. She would scream at me to stop, but I thought I knew better. Mario transferred the money the day before the hearing. I always insisted I had the money up front.” He places his head in his hands. “That was the day your mother left with you girls. Everything seemed so normal, I didn’t have a clue she had wiped out the bank account…”

“You lost the case, didn’t you?”

“Yep, no matter what I did nothing was getting the man out of jail. I knew I had to give back the money and raced straight to the bank. It was gone, I went home and you were all gone.” I watched as he breaks down in front of me. “My whole world fell apart and I started drinking heavily. I had lost my family and I owed Mario Lopez over 100,000 dollars.”

“How does Mel fit into this?”

“She dropped by one day while I was in the middle of drinking binge. I ended up confiding in her. She said she would help me and just stuck around.  Things began to get worse… The police began to investigate my firm and discovered my secret. Mel said I had to go into hiding.”

I rub my brow. “How did you find out Mel is involved with Mario?”

He gives a little chuckle. “There’s one thing about Mel I know. She never does anything for nothing. During my time with your mother she let me know how much she despised me. I did my own research and found the link. I confronted her and have been here ever since.”

“Why does she want the money so much?”

“Who knows” he casually says.

I look around the room again… My mind fills with more questions. “Why don’t you just go to the police and tell them everything.”

“Believe me I want too… I can’t rid of Mel...” He stops talking and just stares at me. “Will you answer my question now?”

I think about what he asked me. Am I allowed to tell him about Ayden, I think he has a right to know? I suck in a deep breath and tilt my head to the side. All those times I wanted to be near and speak to my dad. I never thought this was how the moment would occur. 

“Ayden” I say, just saying his name fills me with hope. “He’s an undercover swat officer. He was assigned to watch me because of threats Mom was getting. He finally told me everything and I persuaded him to bring me here to find you.”

“Why did you want to find me?”

“I thought it was you behind all the threats. Me, mom and Lacey have been moving around for two years. We’ve finally settled and I want to have stable life. I thought if I came here and spoke you, everything would finally end.”

His hand reaches over and grabs mine. “I would never hurt you, Jennifer. I’m really sorry that I caused all this and I promise once we get out of here. I will be heading straight to the station and giving myself up.”

“Talking about this place…” I smile, feeling comforted about his words. “Where exactly are we?”

A little smile plays on his lips. “Home sweet home.”

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Ayden

I lean against my car bonnet and stare at the house in front of me. I had put all my faith in her being here, but nothing. The house is empty, all the doors and windows are locked. I run a hand through my hair and try to let out a breath. It’s beginning to get difficult to breathe, my heart is racing and I am on the edge of breaking down.

She’s gone, a voice in my head constantly says. Tucker comes running from behind the house and up to me. “Nope, nothing behind there” he says, taking a seat next to me. “Where do you want to try now?”

My mind goes blank. “I have no idea” I sigh. Even though we have spent almost the last month together, I don’t really know anything about her. I don’t know her favourite book, colour or TV show. Is it possible to fall in love with someone without knowing all that information? My heart bleeds a little and the guilt creeps over me.  I should of never had of gotten close to her. There was something that couldn’t keep me away. The first moment I saw her beautiful face in that careen, I was hooked. The more I avoided her, the more I wanted her. 

My mind thinks back to the kiss we shared in front of Natalie – was that real? Did she feel that intense wanting that I did? I close my eyes and cringe at my next thought. Will I ever get to find out? No, I mustn’t think like this. I am going to find her and I am going back sure all those bastards get what they deserve. Each one of them is going to suffer and rot in prison for threatening a sweet young woman.

“Do you think she just headed to a mall?”

My eyes fling open and I look over at Tucker. He is now puffing on a cigarette staring at the house. A beautiful house, that is full of Jen’s child hood memories. “No,” I grunt. “I doubt she slipped off to go shopping.”

“Hey,” he growls. “Don’t start on me. I’m here….” He points his cigarette at me. “And I’m trying to help. I am thinking logically. After all she isn’t 21.”

“Says who?”

He gives a little chuckle and pushes himself off the bonnet of my car. He stands in front of me, smiling. “Don’t insult me, Forbes” he takes another drag of his cigarette and drops the butt on to the floor. “I knew when you said it the other day you returned. You can see she’s a high school kid.”

I jump to my feet and come face to face with him. “She isn’t a kid” I hiss through my teeth and both my fist clench. I have never wanted to hit someone so much. “And you know nothing about anything.”

He holds his hands up and takes a step back. “Whoa, chill! I wasn’t saying anything bad. I can see how much you care about her and I am willing to do what ever it takes to help you.” He takes a pause and runs a finger across his broad nose. “Let’s think about it from a professional’s point of view….”

My hand slowly unclenches and I can see the logic in what he is saying. Jen blinds me, my feelings for her take over everything else. He is right, its time to get professional. I give a little nod.

“See,” Tuckers hand pats my back. “You know I’m right.”

“I won’t admit it though” I smile back at him.

“Come” he walks round to the driver’s side of my car. “We’re check out all the top hang out points. She could have met up with old friends.”

Just as I am about to the car my phone begins to vibrate in my pocket. I quickly pull it out and press the answer the button. “”Forbes,” I say sternly.

“Forbes, we’ve managed to track Jen’s whereabouts. Her phone was used at 2367 Spring Avenue. We have sent armed men. It’s going to take at least another ten minutes. Get there now” the chief booms down the phone. My mouth drops open in shock and my eyes look back towards the house. “Forbes!” He yells again.

“It’s okay, chief. We’re already there…” I end the call, placing my phone back in my pocket. I run back to the house.

“Ayden!” Tucker yells after me.

I turn back to him and place a finger over my lips. Then head gesture for him to follow me. He rolls his eyes and slams the car door. It feels like forever till he finally gets to me.

“Keep your voice down” I warn.

“Why?” He looks confused. “We have already looked around here. It’s empty…” I stop listening to him and head back round to the back of the house.  I walk towards the sliding doors, but just as I thought they are locked. How can she be here if there is no sign? I bow my head and place my hands in my pockets. Maybe we are too late, maybe she’s been moved on. “Fuck!” I hiss, kicking a stone next to my foot. 

I have spent all my life being an underachiever. Nothing has ever worked out they way I have wanted it to. I even thought at one point I would fail my training and end up working in a burger joint. I thought this job would show everyone what I was capable of, once again I have messed it up. Why did I bring her here? One reason, I wanted to spend time alone with her. I followed my heart instead of my head. I will never be doing that again. Love is a mugs game and I don’t intend to be getting stuck in that trap again.

“Hey, Ayden” Tucker calls out. I look up to see him squatting on the other side of the house. He’s smiling, a big 100 watt smile. “I’ve found something…” I walk towards him and look down at what he is pointing at. It’s some wooden hatch buried into the ground. “Do you know what it is?”

“No,” I groan, I am beginning to feel tired and my mind is doesn’t want to thinking. I need to call the chief and tell him I can’t do this. 

Tucker jumps to his feet and wipes dirt off his hands. “It’s a door, stupid” he shakes his head and gives me a little push. “This means these guys have a basement. All these fancy houses do...” He pauses and scratches his head. “We just gotta think how to get in…”

“FREEZE” says a voice. “Put your hands in the air and turn round!”

A wicked grin hits Tuckers face and he winks. “I think my question was answered.” He raises his hands in the air and we both turn to look at whose talking to us.

It’s a smallest man; he wouldn’t stand at chance with me and Tucker. He looks as if he’s been dragged through a hedge backwards. His dark hair is overgrown and so his beard. His eyes are a deep brown and there’s a scar just above his lip. I’ve seen him before, he works for Mario Lopez. 

“What are you doing?” His voice is slightly high pitch and his Spanish accent makes it hard to understand what he is saying. My eyes focus on the gun he is holding up at us. Obviously he’s not that smart either. Its broad daylight in a suburban area and he’s waving a gun.

I take control of the situation. “We’ve come to repair the leak.”

“Leak? We have no leak.”

“Course you do” Tucker says casually. “Your neighbours have water creeping up through their drains. We’ve checked it all out and the problem must be here.” The man looks slightly confused. “You see,” Tucker brings his hands down and places them in his pockets. “All these old houses water pipes are connected. There must be a blockage in your basement.”

The man’s eyebrows shoot up. “Basement!” he slowly brings his gun down. “We don’t have no basement.”

Tucker hilts his head to the side and gives another smile. “Look man,” he begins to walk over to the man, who seems a little preoccupied with something. “If we don’t get in there and sort this problem out. The whole house will be flooded and I doubt your insurance will pay out.”

I laugh quietly to myself, he’s good. The poor man is looking more and more confused and is slowly letting his guard down. 

Tucker continues to move towards him. “Do you know if they found out you were offered help and refused. God,” he tuts. “You could be in seriously trouble. I wouldn’t want insurance Freud on my conscience.”

“Freud” the man says in an anxious tone.
“Look man” Tucker throws his hands in the air. “I haven’t got time for this shit. All I want to do is check out your basement and get out of this place. I’m a very busy man…”

Before the little man can answer, Tuckers hand grips hold of the man’s wrist, twisting his arm behind his back. Tucker uses all his weigh to push the man to the ground. I hear a slight crack as the man’s arm breaks, making him scream out in pain and dropping the gun. “Go!” Tucker yells, as he pressing his knee in the man’s back to keep him firmly on the ground.

I race past them, knowing Tucker is safe on his own. Running back towards the front of the house, the front door is open and I step inside. I pull my gun out from its hoist from beneath my t-shirt and slowly begin to search each room. Nothing, each one is empty. Something clicks in my head.

That day when we visited Mel and Jen’s father returned there was a door closing. It sounded too light to be a front door. The sound came from within in the house somewhere. I back track into the hall, the same hall we found him in.

My eyes look around and fall on the stairs, a door. I walk towards it and try to open it, but it’s locked. This has to be the way to the basement and there is only one way to open it. I stand back, raise my foot and boot it in.

CHAPTER FIFTHTEEN
Jen

“If you’re in your home why don’t you just leave?” I say for like the billionth time.  I just don’t understand him. I’ve always known my father to be a fighter. For crying out loud he’s a lawyer, standing up in front strangers demanding they see things from his point of view. Right now, he looks lost and defeated. This is his home and he allows Mel to keep him a prisoner in it. 

“Please” he voice needy. “Stop going on….”

I jump to my feet and once again start pacing up and down. I hate in here, I hate being closed in. I can hear movement above me.  No doubt Mel is doing that on purpose. Probably trying to scare me even further. I’m not scared anymore; I just want to go home, that’s why I am staying strong. I have faith in Ayden that he will find me and take me back to Lacey and my mom.

What will happen to my father? I never thought about him. I hope he keeps his word and hands himself in and I hope Mel gets what she deserves. My father was tricked into all of this and she was the one pulling the strings. She planned everything and for what?

“Why does Mel hate you so much?” I finally ask, stopping in my tracks and turning towards him. 
He gives a little snort and shakes his head. “Its just seems a little drastic that someone would go to all this length if she simply disapproved of you being with Mom.”

“I must say” he smiles, closing his book and putting it down. “You have a very sharp and inquisitive mind, Jennifer.”

“Enlighten me then” I groan, folding my arms across my chest and glaring at him. “I’m not a child, I am pretty I will understand.”

“Of course you’re not a child anymore” he sighs as he rubs in between his eyebrows. His mouth turns down at the side and sadness fills his eyes. “It was your eighteenth a few days ago. My little girl eighteen already. Soon you’re graduate and then your be off to college. You should be at home, having fun.” He pauses. “Because of me you’re stuck here. I have been a pointless father.”

“You’re not pointless” I say as I walk over to him. “You had you’re head turned by money. You thought you were providing for your family and I guess I understand that.” I sit down beside him and grab hold of his hand. “I just want to know what’s happened between you and Mel.”

His thumb brushes along my knuckles. “I dated Mel for a while during high school. Not because I liked her, but because I wanted to get to know your mother” he smiles fondly as he remembers. “Your mother was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen. Her hair would shine in the sun and her smile would light up a room. Every guy at school had a thing for her and she never noticed me until I started dating Mel.”

“I see,” I smile at him. “And Mel has had a grudge ever since.”

He shrugs his shoulders. “I thought she had gotten over it. Although, she’s had her moments when she would show her hatred towards me. She was forever telling your mother I was a waste of space. I guess in the end she was right.”

Crash!

I and my father just stare at each other as something crashes again. His arms reach out and he pulls me into him, protecting me in his arms. My heart begins to race, is this it? Is this how I’m going to die? Is it a horrible thought that I would rather be in my mothers arms at my last moment? The crashing and thudding stops. Footsteps begin walking towards us. I close my eyes tight; I don’t want to see the face of the man/woman who kills me.

“Jen,” says a caring voice. All fear leaves me instantly at the sound of that voice and I finally let out a deep breath. I feel strong arms lift me up and wrap tightly around me. He’s here, the voice inside sings. He’s here. I wrap my arms around his neck and fall into him. His heavenly scent awakening all my senses.

“Open your eyes” he whispers into my ear as he pulls away, holding me at arms length. My eyes slowly open and take in the sight of him. His face is full of concern and his dark eyes taking me in. 

My heart swells, god I love him. I’ve never felt this way in my whole life. I need him and I will be what ever he wants me to be. One of his hands lets go of me and he cups my chin. A soft smile spreads across his lips. 

“You’re perfect” he breathes, leaning in and kisses me sweetly on the forehead.

“Who are you?” My father abruptly says, banishing my perfect moment with the man I love.

I pull away from Ayden and look over at my father. His brow knotted together with confusion. “This is Ayden I told you about.” He quickly relaxes and stands up walking towards us. He holds out his hand to Ayden. Now it’s Ayden who looks confused. “I told my father how you looked out for me. He’s promised he will turn himself in once we get out.”

“You have no idea how thankful I am to you, Ayden. My girls mean everything to me. You must trust me I had no idea about the threats. I never meant for things to get this much out of control.”

Ayden looks down at my father’s hand. “You’ll excuse me if I am not touched by your speech” his voice cold and hostile. His eyes have darkened again, reminding me of the first time I spoke to him in the store. “We need to get outta here and we need to do it fast.” He grabs hold of me and we charge towards the door.

Once again there are footsteps and we freeze in the doorway. I breathe a sigh of relief when I realize it’s only Tucker. His face is covered in blood and he isn’t alone. Mel is behind him, a gun pressed against his back. No, this can’t be happening. Poor Tucker’s face is a mess, his lip is swelling up and the cut on his forehead looks serious and painful.

Mel looks as if she is enjoying the whole thing.

“Leave him alone” I scream at Mel.

“Not a chance, sweetie” She pushes Tucker and he falls to the ground. Her gun now points in our direction. Ayden pushes me behind him, protecting me from that monster. “I really don’t understand why you’re all making a big deal about this.”

“Just let Jen go and we will sort things out” Ayden barks at her. 

“I did have things sorted out!” Her eyes going crazy and she starts waving the gun. “Why does no one ever take me seriously?” She screams as she points the gun at Tucker and without even thinking she pulls the trigger.

Everything goes in slow motion as I watch the bullet hit Tucker in the back. His face as he screams, but no sound emerges. He just slumps stomach first to the ground and blood pools all around him. I want to be sick and my legs give way. I fall to the ground and I can’t take my eyes off his still body. This is my entire fault. I’ve killed a wonderful man who had so much going for him.

“Drop your weapon!” Yells a voice, more footsteps descend down the stairs. Men dressed all in black fill the room and surround Mel, guns pointing straight at her. Her eyes met mine and that smile has dropped off her face.

“I hope you rot and burn in hell” I hiss at her as they hang cuff her and drag her away. 

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Ayden
He’s gone…. My best friend. The man I thought of as a brother. Gone just like that. She showed no remorse. Just pointed the gun and shot him. I sit quietly in the hospital waiting room as Jen gets checked out. However, I’m not alone long as I hear heels clicking on the floor.

“Ayden” says a voice.

I look up to see Jen’s mother staring down at me. Her voice full of hatred and her eyes burning into me. How can she be so ungrateful? Her daughter is safe, her ex husband and sister are locked up. Her life can return to normal. She can move on and enjoy it, unlike poor Tucker.  

“Jen wants to see you.”

I quickly stand up and walk towards the room. I need to see her, I need her comfort me. Why is it everyone I care for leaves in the end? First my mother, then grandmother, my father and now Tucker. Jen is all I have left and I refuse to let her go.

A hand grabs hold of my elbow and I turn to look at Jen’s mother. “This is the last time you will see my daughter, do you understand?” My jaw drops open and I just stare at her. “She’s going to go on and forget about this. She doesn’t need a reminder of what happened.”

“Why?” I gasp, feeling as if something has hit me in the chest. “Why would you be this cruel?”

“Cruel?” she repeats as she throws my hand down by my side. “I am protecting her. I don’t know what has happened between you two, but it ends today. If you care for my daughter, you won’t punish her.” She folds her arms across her chest. “You tell her what you need to, but you make sure this is last time you speak.”

“Ms Hopkins...” I protest.

She holds her hand up which makes me stop. “Like I said, if you care for her your let her go.”

Her words hit me hard and I simply nod. I turn on my heel and walk towards Jen’s room. I want to break down now. I open the door and look at Jen just lying on the bed. Her blue eyes meet mine and my heart thumps against my chest. This is it…. My first love. I begin to replay all those moments we have shared in my head. 

Her mother is right and I have always known that it couldn’t go any further. I swallow back the lump in my throat and walk towards her bedside.

“Oh Ayden” she cries, standing up and wrapping her arms around my neck. “Please tell me Tucker is okay.”

I hold her tight against me and just shake my head. Her whole body sags against mine and I hold her closer. I inhale her sweet scent, knowing it will be the last time. Its official, everyone I care about is gone. Her words hit me… “Its just I felt sorry for you in Summerton. You lived all alone and there was no sign of a family.” What is they say, that lies can become reality? 

I will be alone now, with just my job to keep me company. It hurts hugging her and I pull away. Her blue eyes looking up at me in wonder. I can see it written across her face, she thinks I’m the hero. I’m not. I’m about to break her heart and walk away.

“Jen,” I sigh, I can’t help it. My forefinger and thump take hold of her chin. “I need to go and sort a few things out. The station needs a report and I need to make a few calls.”

“You’re coming back, right?”

“Yes,” I lie. “I’ll be back…” I don’t why I do it. Maybe I’m just a sucker for punishment. I lean down and press my lips firmly on hers. Those lips I will remember forever. They’re softness, the way they feel perfect against mine.

“I love you” she moans, as her fingers grip in my hair and she her tongue glides across my bottom lip. “Never leave me, Ayden. Never leave me.”

I slowly pulling away and just simply nod. “I promise” I give her another kiss on the forehead and quickly restore myself. “Be good and do what they say. I’ll be back in a while.” I turn on my heel and leave the room. I was hired to protect her, shame, because the only person she needed protection from was me. 

CHAPTER SEVENTEETH
Jen

“It’s another glorious morning in Summerton” booms the radio presenter. I lean over and hit the snooze button. I don’t care if it’s glorious, I don’t want to get out of this bed. I roll over and just stare up at the ceiling. I can hear my mother, Ted and Libby all downstairs talking and laughing. How can they pretend everything is normal?

A man is dead, my father is in prison and Ayden has gone. My heart breaks a little more. He promised me in that hospital that he would stay with me. That was nearly a month ago and not one word from him. What did I expect? After all it was because of me his best friend was killed.

There’s a tap on my door and I sit up. My mother enters already for work. She’s changed so much, the tight clothes and make-up is gone. There’s a permanent smile on her face and its all down to Ted.

I should be happy for her, but there’s a dark cloud hovering over me and I can’t get rid of it. I just seem to go through the day without noticing anything. The whole time my mind plays Tucker getting shot and bleeding to death in front of me. A shiver runs down my spine and I have to blink back tears.

“Sweetie,” my mother says, bringing me back to the present. “You’re going to be late for school.”

“What’s the point?” I shrug. 

She frowns at me. “Jen, it’s been a whole month now and this behaviour has to stop. It’s your senior year and you have four weeks left. It’s about time you pulled your self together and stopped this now.”

I narrow my eyes at her. “A man died!”

“I know” she sighs, her eyes looking down at the floor. “You have someone downstairs waiting for you. Get dressed and hurry up.” She walks out of my room. I quickly get out of bed and sort myself out.

The whole time I walk down the stairs my heart is racing and I just keep thinking what if it’s Ayden. What if he’s come back for me? A smile is plastered on my face and I imagine being reunited with him. I race into the kitchen only to find Chase sitting at the kitchen table. What is he doing here? 

“Hi” he says as I stand in the doorway. I just stare at him, wishing he would change into Ayden. I miss looking into his dark eyes and feeling something I have never experienced before. 

Chase runs a hand through his blonde hair and slowly stands up. “Your mother called me and said you needed a friend.”

I place my rucksack on the kitchen counter and pretend to get my things ready. “I have friends” I mutter. I feel him come up behind me and place his hand on my shoulder. I move quickly out of his reach. There would have been a time I would of combusted on the spot from this. How many times did I dream about him turning up at my house? That was a long time ago… Now all I want is Ayden. 

“Please” his voice is almost a whisper. “I feel really bad.”

I spin round to face him. “You feel bad? You have the perfect life, Chase. Mr popular who gets what ever he wants. Top football player, all those girls lusting over you. Please enlighten me how you feel bad?”

He places his hands in his pockets and bows his head. “I feel bad because I should have fought harder for you. I should have been there. I would have talked you out of going to Seattle or even had gone with you.”

“It’s too late, isn’t it” I snap. “And besides, I dumped you. That was all before I knew what Ayden was.” I pause and that pain hits me in the chest. I try to breathe. I try really hard, but my lungs don’t feel like they can work. My head goes dizzy and I feel my legs collapse underneath me. Before I hit the floor, strong arms catch me.

“Jen,” I look up and see Chase’s blue eyes staring down at me. “I don’t want to fight with you. Let me be your friend, let me take care of you.” He moves a stand of hair off my forehead. 

“I’m not worthy of your friendship” I say, moving out of his grip and sitting down on the floor. That pain is back, but this time I can breathe. I looked down at my hands. The tears are building up in my eyes. How many more times am I going to cry? 

“I killed a man, Chase.” The words getting stuck in my throat. He needs to know what a horrible person I am. 

He moves closer towards me and grabs hold of my hand. “You didn’t kill him. It wasn’t your hand that held that gun.” His fingers rub over my knuckles and it actually feels comforting. I can’t bring myself to look at him. The tears are streaming down my cheeks and all I want to do is crumple up into a little ball and disappear.

“He died doing his job. He was there to protect you and he did. That guy is a hero and would hate to think your blaming yourself. He knew the risks of his job, so it wasn’t your fault.”

“And Ayden?”

I feel him tense up. “Ayden is a fool. I know you dumped me for him, so don’t expect me to say anything nice about him.” he takes in a deep breath and slowly lets it out. “I care for you, Jen. I always have and now I’m going to be here for you. You won’t be able to get rid of me again.”

He lets go of my hand and cups my face. I am now forced to look at him and I want to believe his words. I really do, I want to feel human again. With the pad of his thumb he wipes away my falling tear.

“Will you let me be your friend?”  I don’t know what to say. “We need to get your life back on track. We need to find Jen again.”

Find Jen again? I’m not sure who she is anymore. Where would I begin? I should at least try. I’m 18 and have so much time ahead of me. Ayden is probably out living his life, after all I was simply a job and I knew he would leave me once it was over. I replay Chase’s words in my head. He’s right and I know he is right. 

I lean over and wrap my arms around his neck and cry into his chest. He embraces me back and we sit in my kitchen hugging. It is time to move on and I will with the help from Chase. I just don’t know how long it will take.
***
I knew it was going to be difficult and I’m getting there. I climb out of Chase’s car and wait for him. Chase has been amazing and I never thought I would be this happy. We’re not officially dating, but I am very tempted. I do occasionally think of Ayden, but the thoughts are getting fewer and fewer. 

He grabs hold of my hand and leads me towards the school building. “Prom this weekend” he smiles down at me. I can’t help but smile back at him. He is beautiful and for some reason cares about me. I know I’m not in love with him, he doesn’t make my heart race and I don’t get giddy around him. But he makes me happy. Life is finally worth living.

“Yep,”

“Who you going with?” He stops walking and spins me around to face him. His arms wrap around my waist and he pulls me closer to him. I love it when he does this. I feel protected and safe. His head leans down and he kisses my cheek.

“I don’t know” I say breathlessly. For some reason he hasn’t kissed me properly. I’m not desperate to be kissed. I remember those great kisses we shared once watching DVD’s. 

“Oh please” says a voice. I look over to see Becks standing there, her face full of disgust and her arms folded across her chest. “We all know she’s going with you, Chase.” She walks over and pulls me from Chase’s embrace. “If you don’t mind, I need to talk to my friend about prom dresses.”

She leads me away. I can’t help but look over my shoulder and give Chase a little wave. Something behind him catches my attention, a blue truck. Ayden? I quickly dismiss the idea and turn back round. 

“It seems you and Chase are getting close.” 

“I like him” I shrug, trying not to give too much away. Becks smiles at me and shakes her head. I’m really happy we made up. She confessed that she was slightly jealous. She’d had a thing for Ayden and didn’t like the fact he was always hanging around with me. Now she knows why, she feels a little stupid. We were all fooled, but that was the intention. Ayden wasn’t real. He was a character that was made up to keep me protected.

“Are you going to the dance with Chase?”

“You know I am” I laugh as we head into the busy high school hall. Everywhere there is banners about graduation, year books and prom. I feel slightly sad that my high school experience is almost over. Relieved that I will get an actual summer without moving around or looking after Lacey.

Ted has changed my mother and he finally got down on one knee and proposed. She has gone wedding crazy and won’t shut up about it. Lacey is actually calling Ted dad. I don’t mind, but she has forgotten about her true father. He is currently in prison awaiting trail. He rings me and I write to him. I am slowly running out of things to say and that makes me sad.

I don’t hate him anymore as I know he wasn’t behind all the threats and he didn’t want to hurt us. Everyone has moved on and I actually like living in Summerton now.

“Hey,” Ali says as we stop by our lockers. “What are we talking about?”

“Prom” Becks groans, as she begins to put books into her locker.

“Are you not happy about Prom?”

“Not really” Becks sighs. “Its just you have Chase and Ali is with Travis. I think I’ll be going solo to the most important event of my life.”

I link my arm with Becks and lead her towards our first class. “Look to make you feel better I’ll go with you.”

Becks looks shocked at me. “You can’t, what about Chase?”

“He won’t mind” I smile. “We can all go together. It will be fun. Besides, I think Chase would be happy to have a girl on each arm.”

Becks stops and looks at me. She doesn’t look very convinced. “He only wants you on his arm, Jen. Have you not noticed the way he looks at you?”

“I know, but we’re just friends.”

“Ayden isn’t coming back” she mutters as she walks into class. I stand frozen on the spot, was that some sort of jib at me. I know he’s not coming back. He broke his promise to me and funnily enough I always knew he would.

I storm after her. “What’s that meant to mean?”

She sits down and opens up her books. I take my chair next to her and wait for her reply. “That it’s you holding back. Chase likes you and he wants to be more than your friend. So me going to Prom with you guys is stupid. He wants you, only you.”

“He’s my friend” I protest.

“He wants to be your boyfriend” her voice is stern. “So, forget about Ayden.”

I can’t say anymore as our teacher enters the room. Am I holding back because of Ayden? Could there be a slight chance that I haven’t totally got over him. If so, why can everyone else see it and not me? Becks is right... I need to give Chase the chance he wants. After all he has helped me get through my depression. 

After school I wait beside Chase’s car. The second he sees me he practically runs over. For the first time in forever I actually feel a true emotion. His arms wrap round me and he lifts me in the air. I give a squeal and wrap my arms around his neck. Then that’s when I see it again… The truck is sat outside the school gate and someone is inside watching me. I blink and when I look again it’s gone. Am I finally going crazy?

Chase puts me back on the ground and stares down at me concerned. “Are you okay? You’ve gone really pale.”

“I’m fine,” I lie.  I quickly restore myself, but the moment is gone. I step out of his arms and look down at the floor. “Actually I’m feeling a little sick. Would you take me home?”

“Sure” he says, I can tell he isn’t too pleased. 
We drive to my house in perfect silence. God, what is wrong with me? I see a blue truck and I freak out. I know Ayden isn’t coming back. I really need to forget about him and move on. I take in a deep breath and slowly look over at Chase. Why can’t I feel like I did before? Look at him, he’s smart, kind, beautiful and has really looked after me. He stuck by his word, more than Ayden has done.

I do need to give him a chance. Becks was right today with what she said. My hand reaches over and I place it on his knee.

He pulls up outside my house and places his hand on top of mine. “Everything okay now?”

“Yes,” I smile. “I don’t know what came over me and I am sorry if I hurt you.”

He turns his whole body towards me. “Never be sorry. You’ve been through a lot and I know you’re not completely over it.” He leans forward and places his lips against my forehead. Once again… nothing; No stomach flips, no increased heart beat. Is there something wrong with me? He moves back and his blue eyes just watch me.

“I was thinking about prom” I blurt out, trying to change the conversation. I look out of the car window. “Do you want to go with me and Becks?”

“You and Becks.” He laughs. “Why would I want to go with Becks?”

I roll my eyes and turn back to look at him. “She hasn’t got a date and I really don’t want her to go alone.” I pout a little. “Please, you will be doing me a huge favour and my friend will be very happy.”

He tilts his head to the side and thinks for a second. “Okay, but I only dance with you.”

Happiness fills me and I lean over crushing my body against his. “Thank you” I sing. “You’re the best, Chase.” I actually mean the words, he is the best. The greatest friend a girl could have.

I watch as Chase pulls away from my house and drives down the road. I skip up the porch and into my house. Everything seems to be perfect. I’m going to prom and going to graduate. I have lovely friends and I have finally settled in Summerton. My mother is happy and Lacey has a bright future. A few months ago this didn’t even seem possible. 

I walk through the hall and into the kitchen. I call out but no one seems to be in. Home alone. I grab a glass of water and head up to my bedroom. Even though school’s almost finished they are still piling on the homework. I get to my room and step inside.

I freeze and the glass of water slips out of my hand and smashing to the floor. My jaw drops open and all I do is stare at my bed.

“Jen,” he softly says, sitting looking straight at me with those dark eyes. I rapidly blink, have I finally gone over the edge. He slowly stands up and walks over to me. Still I can’t find any words to say. This has to be some crazy mind game. There is no way this possibly real, the times I have spent wishing he was here. 

He reaches out and brushes a loose strand of hair away from my forehead. His dark eyes softly looking down at me. “Say something…” As always I just nod, he has some strong hold over me which makes it impossible to speak. “See some things don’t change” he laughs.
“How… how did you get in here?” It’s the only thing I can think of asking. My mind has gone blank. 

“Ted” he quickly replies. He pulls out Ted’s keys and with his free hand grabs one of mine. Instantly my body reacts as if an electric current has just flown through my body. My stomach flips over as if it’s doing cartwheels and my heart thuds against my chest. I have missed this; I have missed having this reaction towards another person.

He places the keys in the palm of my hand. “He said it was okay to wait for you.” He takes a step back and walks over to my bedroom window.  I watch as he rests his head against the window and just stares out.

Finally my brain syncs into gear and question flow through my head. That anger kicks in and I want to know why he broke the promise.

“Why are you back?” I say forcefully, making him look at me and then back out of the window. 
“Ayden, I want to know

“You already know the answer to that question.”

“Me?”

“Of course.”

Something explodes inside me and my hands turn to fists. “I don’t want you back” I yell, he finally turns to look at me. His dark eyes narrow and his mouth is in a tight line. For the first time ever in his presence I am not intimidated, that hold he had over me has gone.

He lied to me, he promised he wouldn’t leave and he did. He thinks he can just show up and everything will be as before. No way. I’ve changed. I have a life and once I graduate I am leaving Summerton to have a whole new life. I have a future and I don’t see him in it.

That’s a lie.

I begin to think of how I would cry myself to sleep reliving what happened in Seattle. Where was he? Where was he when I really needed him? Poor Chase, I treat him like dirt and he is the one who helped me. He has got me back on track and deserves so much more. Still, all I want is Ayden. From the very first moment we met, my dreams have been filled with him. 

I confessed that I loved him and he just walked off without care for me. He’s back and he’s here, says the voice in my head. No! I won’t listen. Everything is perfect, okay not exactly perfect but it will do. He doesn’t have the right to be here and I don’t want him here. I feel as if I am splitting apart. 

“Why did you leave me?” The words leave my mouth without a thought.

“I didn’t want too” he calmly says as he approaches me. He reaches out to touch me again and this time I let him. I’ve never had the energy to fight him off before. I like being touched by him. He is and will probably always be what I want.

“You have to believe me” he softly says. “Your mother thought it would be in your best interest if I walked away from you. I know I should have fought harder, but Tucker had just…” His voice breaks and looks down at the floor.

Tucker, I haven’t thought about him in weeks. His body lying on that cold floor. His face the exact moment he died. And why did he die? Because of my foolish self. I wanted to play the superhero and it backed fire. I’ve only been in Ayden’s presence for a few moments already I feel as if I have been dragged back there. I should hate my mother for sending Ayden away, but truthfully she did the best thing.

I pull out of Ayden’s embrace and step back. “You should leave….”

He stands straight pulling his shoulders back. His dark eyes ice over and his mouth tightens. “I will be leaving soon” he hisses, his expression not giving anything away. “But not without you!” and I know he means it.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Jen

I think he must have got the hint as I haven’t seen him anywhere. I haven’t told anyone I have seen him, they might think I have actually lost my mind. Even now it doesn’t feel real, did I see him or was it my imagination. Who knows? I am not allowing him to spoil my most important event of my life- Prom. I have everything planned to perfection. Becks has some how gotten a date which means Chase is all mine.

She won’t say who it is, but I am guessing it the mysterious person who has kept her busy the last couple of days. I don’t understand why she is being so candid about it all. She won’t even tell us what dress she is wearing.

I finish applying my lip gloss and take a look in the mirror. My first thought is… ‘I wish Ayden was here’. What a stupid thought. I don’t need Ayden, he’s in the past. Chase has kept all his promises and I know he cares for me. That should be enough, right. Why do I still feel as that hole in my chest is still there?

I shake my head to get rid of my absurd thoughts and pretend I never had them. I look at my reflection and give the biggest grin ever. I look good in my off the shoulder long black dress. It oozes confidence and I look pretty hot. I want to make Chase hungry for me. Tonight is the night I am going to suggest we go steady. 

I want to commit to him, I know he will make the perfect boyfriend and this time I want him for keeps. I am going to move on and start living. My bedroom door opens and Lacey appears all dressed for bed.

“Wow” she grins. “You look like a Princess. MOMMY!” She yells. My mother now appears at the door. Lacey grabs hold of her hand and drags her into my room. “Look at Jen. She’s so pretty, mommy.”

“She does look beautiful” my mother cries, racing towards me and wrapping her arms around me. She pulls away and wipes a tear from her cheek. Wow, she really is dramatic. “I am so proud of you, baby.” She smiles fondly at me. I almost feel like crying with her. “You have the best time.”

“Chase is here” Ted yells from the stairs.

I take in a deep breath. This is it, I am going to my senior prom and I’m going to make Chase mine. I give my mother another hug before making my grand entrance. My eyes lock at Chase waiting for me. He’s dressed in a black tux, his blonde hair yelled back. This moment reminds of Titanic; the moment Jack waits for Rose at the bottom of the grand staircase.

I take my finally step to meet him and he gives that boyish smile. “You look amazing…”

The school gym is all ready packed when we arrive. Everyone looks amazing and I can’t stop smiling as Chase leads me through the crowd on to the dance floor. I quickly scan the floor and see Ali dancing with Travis. I give her a quick wave, but tonight I am going to keep all my attention on Chase. He’s important to me now, he’s what I want.

I do look for Becks, but there is no sign of her. Maybe she was bluffing about having a date. I feel bad for her now- she’s missing her senior prom. I look back at Chase who is stunning and wrap my arms around his neck. We begin to sway to the music and I rest my head on his shoulder.

“Do you know how happy I am right now” he whispers in my ear. 

“Me too” I smile up at him. “That’s why…”

I’m cut off, when I notice people whispering and pointing to the entrance. A crowd is forming, god no! Not again. Anxiety begins to fill me and I freeze on the spot. My eyes firmly lock on that entrance waiting for them to reappear.

The crowd slowly separates and two people casually walk in arm in arm. My first reaction is to run over there and smack him in the face. The second is to run over and claim what is actually mine. 

Chase looks at me and then at Ayden, linked arm in arm with Becks. He looks like a film star, a beautiful, elegant and my heart breaks. No wondered she wouldn’t tell us who she had as a date. 

“Did you know he was back?” Chase says to me making me look back at him. I give a little nod. “That son of a bitch!” His fist clenches and he storms over to them. I scream for him to stop, but it’s too late. His fist smashes into Ayden’s face taking him by surprise. A few of Chase’s friend race over and pull him back.

“How dare you come back” Chase yells, the music has now halted and everyone is watching the show. “Do you know what you did to her…? And you just show up thinking you could take here away from me again.”

Ayden wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, blood drenching his white shirt. His face is like stone and I know he wants to hit Chase back. He lunges forward with his fist high in the air.

“Don’t do it” I call out making him halt mid-motion. His eyes finally fall upon and he stares at me intensely. Once again I feel small under his gaze. That feeling swirls around my body and feel gravitated to him. I want his arms around me and I want to be with him. Maybe I am crazy!

I slowly begin to walk towards. “You’re get in big trouble if you hit him.”

He drops his arm and begins to walk towards me, meeting me half way. “You’re beautiful” he smiles as he’s eyes rake over my body. His hands grip my waist and I don’t bother to move. This is what I want. This is what I’ve dreamed about.  “Jen,” he whispers my name and pulls me into him. His head rests in the crook of my neck and I feel giddy. “I’ve missed you so much. I’m sorry, so sorry.”
I pull away and tilt my head up. His lips are only inches away from mine. “Ayden,” I croak. I can feel the tears building up in my eyes. Its intense, it always has been with him. 

“Shh” he breathes. “Don’t say anything…” With that he silences me with a kiss so heavenly that every muscle in my body bursts into flames. He’s back… The man I love most in the world is back and he’s mine. There is no way I am giving him up again… From now on I’m living my life without a care for no body else but him. My dark and dangerous stranger.


The end







