



CURSED 
(Volume 1)
Sherrod M. Wall












Copyright
Copyright © 2014 Sherrod M. Wall
All Rights Reserved
Published by Hellebore Publishing
First Edition February 2015



This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher, except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual places and/or events is purely coincidental.

Table of Contents
Introduction
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
Chapter 64
Chapter 65
Chapter 66
Chapter 67
Chapter 68
Chapter 69
Introduction: Cahokia, Illinois 1718
"I didn't know they were going to fight back! They said they were preparing to leave! I mourn our brothers and sisters just like you. It will be on my conscience forever. Why have you done this? Why?" Morning Star Cloud's screeches reverberated in the open, night air. 
Thick rope tied to two trees adjacent to her bound her wrists. Her futile struggles had peeled skin from her wrists and forearms. The heat of the bonfire made her raw arms feel like they were burning themselves.
Her tribe's head priestess, a thin, decrepit woman, had branded her a traitor. Morning Star knew that was true at least: the French interlopers would have been driven from their homeland without causalities if not for her warning.
The woman's leather robes and long gray hair whipped in the wind. She stood right in front of the bonfire like the heat did not bother her. She withdrew an obsidian dagger from a sheath at her side and raised it high above her.
The priestess plunged the dagger into herself: boring a hole in her heart.
Morning Star thought it was over. The teenager had witnessed a ritual from where she was bound, a ritual she could never forget: masochism escalating to human sacrifice. Her friend that had betrayed her had been a virgin until a few minutes earlier. Now she was dead, just one of many offerings piled up behind where the dying priestess stood.
Though, she didn't look like she was dying. 
She walked forward, blood glistening on her grin. She stood above Morning Star and removed the knife. Blood spilled all over naked Morning Star. Her blood thickened and darkened, becoming sticky and black. A stench that overpowered the dead bodies filled the air. The wind stopped blowing. Insects of the night quieted. Everything was still.
The priestess coughed for air and fell to the ground next to Morning Star.
Morning Star's hands, slick with blood, slid easily from the ropes that bound her, and she fled.
"She will find you?" the priestess gasped. "You are hers now, forever."



Chapter 1: Narrators and Stalkers: Edmond, Oklahoma 2013

Zarah Cloud did not consider Ms. Herd's AP English class to be very unique, which disappointed her. Her syllabus included the same "classic" novels she read last year. The room itself was decorated in posters depicting scenes from those very books. It was like they transposed her Pre-AP English class from the year before, room and all, to her new school. 
It wasn't that Zarah hated them. She felt quite the opposite in fact. She would remember their plots and their characters the rest of her life. She just wanted, no, desperately needed, something more. She thought about the 43,000 works of fiction that had been published the year before, books that deserved to be read just as much as "The Great Gatsby" and the thousands of characters that deserved to find readers, readers like her, who were waiting to experience something different and spectacular. 
Where was the engaging, dynamic curriculum speakers had boasted during her freshman orientation? Not in English apparently.
However, there was one thing in English that intrigued her, a boy: Eric.
Zarah never saw him interact with anyone in class or in their school's halls, not even teachers. He was just as disinterested as her, which made her believe he enjoyed being an outcast.
What kept her on the sidelines instead of pursuing a friendship was his disturbing, active imagination: moments he carried on boisterous conversations with himself. It wouldn't have surprised her if over the years school born monotony had slowly and inevitably driven him mad. She could easily relate. Eric definitely brought spontaneity to Ms. Herd's dull lectures.
He was messed with constantly: his unkempt, picked curly hair and his weight made him an easy target for the typical bully.
For some reason she knew beneath Eric's afro and couch potato pudginess, he was anything but the usual. In a room full of tired novels, he was an untold story.
 Ms. Herd tried to reform him with threats, yelling and office referrals. After a month she flat gave up. She banished him to a desk in the corner of the room and only sighed when his antics derailed her thoughts.
Zarah wondered what he whispered about to the empty space next to him: why he smiled, laughed and could generally not control his excitement. His round, tan face was always flushed from his constant outbursts and curls from his brown afro seemed permanently glued to his large sweaty forehead. 
It had been a typical period. 
Zarah had just finished her short essay prompt: 'Nick Carraway: Reliable or Regrettable Narrator?', when she realized she had not heard a word out of Eric. 
She brushed her long, black bangs aside, turned to steal a glance and was surprised to see his striking, dark brown eyes fixated on her.
She jumped, startled by his stare and quickly faked a stretch to hide her discomfort.   
"What a creepo," she whispered.
She re-read her essay so she could turn it in and move on with her life, but knowing Eric's eyes were on her made it impossible to concentrate. Chills shook her to her core. Her trembling drew eyes of students sitting next to her. She took a deep breath and let her anxiety pass.
 A few minutes later, she brought her work to her teacher's desk.
Ms. Herd smiled at her.
"Are you going to work on your dance costume sketches?" she asked.
"Yes ma'am, if that's alright."
"Let me know when you've finished them. They're very interesting so far."
 "Thank you ma'am," Zarah grinned before she could stop herself. Her dark brown skin always accentuated her oversized teeth. She hid them with a hand and turned to walk back to her seat.
She stopped when she saw Eric.
 No sound escaped his mouth. It only smiled, and his brown eyes still stared at her.
She mouthed a "what" at him on the way to her seat.
He looked down at his desk like something had gotten his attention, nodded at the empty space and grinned. Zarah could not keep eye contact with him when he looked back.
At least it was almost lunch time.
 She sat back down and cued up her 90's alternative playlist on her red IPhone.
It chose "Linger" by the Cranberries.
Ms. Herd let all the "A" students listen to music while they did their class work. Zarah was the only one who had earned that privilege, but it was not because her classmates were idiotic. In Zarah's eyes they were merely ignorant, and her teacher was tough. From what Zarah had been told, Ms. Herd's class would be one of the hardest she would ever take at Myrtle High. It had not lived up to its reputation as of yet, but it was only September.
She removed two apple red chopsticks from her bag, easily manipulated her nearly waist length black hair into a bun and placed her huge, white noise-canceling headphones on her head. They were the most expensive thing she owned, but their cost wasn't what made them valuable. The signatures written by influential alternative artists in a spectrum of colors upon them made them irreplaceable.
 Most of the autographs represented live shows she had been to herself. Some she had not been able to attend. She had been too young. Luckily her best friend, Cadence, had an older sister with similar music taste. She had been old enough to attend the concerts and nice enough to try to get autographs she wanted. Signatures from Matthew Bellamy of Muse and her favorite robots, the duo known as Daft Punk, would complete her.
 Music helped her get through awkward things, tough times, and inspired her when she felt especially bored. It was one of the few things reminding her of life's amazing potential: that it was worth living. At that moment it helped her forget Eric's interest in her but only for a short time.
Chapter 2: Mashed Potato Revelation
Zarah stared at her pepperoni pizza like it was going to reveal something taboo. Pizza hadn't reached out to her before but, maybe it would. Maybe, the tiny pepperonis would shift and form a word, a word that would explain Eric's sudden fascination with her. She tried to imagine the meat sliding along the greasy surface of the cheese so she could smile. One smile would make her forget Eric's penetrating brown eyes long enough for her to take bite.
"So Eric is quieter than usual today," Zarah said to her friends.
Talking about him made her feel better.
She took a bite of her pizza, and red-sauce spurted all over her white Beatles shirt.
"Nice one!" her best friend, Cadence, offered with a smile. "That's why I stick with the salad. No grease, no mess, no tears over ruining a favorite outfit."
Cadence gestured to her hot pink dress with large tie dye colored sun flowers on it.
Zarah dampened a napkin with her water bottle and dabbed the black "B" of the large The Beatles logo.
"Your shirt needed some color anyway. Matches your red jeans now."
"Why am I friends with you again?" Zarah asked.
"Because like the ketchup, I add color to your black and white life Zarah."
"I like color," she said, while she dabbed. "I just prefer, black, white and shades of red for clothes. I don't make fun of your fashion choices."
"What's wrong with my fashion sense?" Cadence asked.
"It's just too much. Too colorful. Too busy. It's overwhelming."
"Well, maybe that's who I am. Colorful."
"Too much. Overwhelming," her friend Tim said and barely shielded his huge glasses from Cadence's slap. He laughed and choked on his mouthful of ham and cheese sandwich. "He's been pretty normal in Math and History," Tim said.  
"I think he's creepier when he's quiet," Cadence said. "I didn't want to freak you out, so I didn't say anything, but I've seen him staring at you before. He's crushin on you I bet. Time to finally get a boyfriend. I'll help you out. Some make-up, a little blonde to that black mop of yours and after we erase your Jack White fashion sense from your head, he'll fall right into your arms."
 "If blonde and dolled up is his type, I'll be sure to send him your way," Zarah said. "And, I like Jack White's fashion. It's simple, yet unique."
"Whatever," Cadence rolled her blue eyes. "And no thanks. These blonde curls bounce for no man, including Eric. Unless I want them to."
"Cadence, you can bounce those curls for me anytime you want," Tim said.
"If I wanted to, I would have already."
"Well, personally I like my girls to have more than 50 pounds on them," Tim said.
"Girls? What girls?" she laughed.
"I've had plenty of girlfriends."
"Internet girlfriends," Cadence teased. "I-girlies don't count boy wonder."
Zarah sighed, pulled her IPhone from her pocket and her headphones from her bag.
"What do you have on that thing these days?" Tim asked.
"A lot of 90s, some classics."
Cadence snatched it. "Michael Jackson, U2, Queen, Nirvana... Madonna?"
Zarah took it back and plugged her headphones into it.
"Isn't she dead? Put some Gaga and Bieber on there. Seriously. Maybe a little Perry?"
Zarah ignored her and cued up "Heart Shaped Box". 
Cadence shook her head at her and went back to the previous subject. She loved picking on Tim. Zarah wondered when they would get over each other and date. Her music sailed her away from their bickering. She took a bite of her pizza and people watched.
Many students sat at long, red tables organized throughout the cafeteria. A few were still in line waiting for their lunches. She saw Eric among them and almost choked. 
"I didn't know Eric had the same lunch period as us," she said.
Cadence giggled.
"Well, now you two will have the opportunity to get to know each other! Every. Single. Day?"
Zarah glared at her.
"He's lookin at you?" Cadence said with a smile.
Zarah thought she was joking, but when she looked back at him, their eyes met. Her body shuddered like it had in English class.
"I can't even look at him! He gives me the creeps. And now I can't eat, again."
"Here he comes!"
Zarah rummaged through her backpack like she was searching intently until he walked by.
"It's all clear. All clear," Cadence said in her ear.
"You are so annoying," Zarah said.
Cadence smiled: her perfect teeth shone beneath her nearly invisible braces.
Zarah watched as he walked by the table where all the "Super Black Dragonheads" sat, a gang of 11th grade bullies that had all taken karate together since they were in diapers.
Their "leader" Bill, a tall, gangly kid with a shaved head took notice of Eric, stood and threw one of his personal deep-dish pizzas at him.
Eric winced when hot red-sauce soaked through his oversized black t-shirt instantly. Eric pulled the pizza from the back of his shirt and gave him a heated look.
"You gonna do something?" Bill asked.
He bounced back in forth in a fighting stance and jump front kicked Eric's food tray with a triumphant, nasally "Hi-ya!"
Eric's lunch splattered all over him. He wiped mashed potatoes and gravy from his blushing face and clenched his fists.
Usually he stayed silent and still until bullies walked away, or face down on the floor until they stopped beating him or compliant until a teacher decided to get involved.
"Guys," Zarah said and pointed at the scene. 
She noticed uncharacteristic courage in his eyes. He stood with his head held high despite his food saturated clothes and face. Something was about to happen.
Her friends stopped bantering to watch.
"Touch me again. I dare you!" Eric shouted. 
Billy sauntered up to him, and though Billy stood two heads taller, Eric did not flinch. 
Billy shoved a fist into his stomach and used Eric's face to mop the food mess on the floor while he coughed for air. Billy pressed Eric's face into the food until he stopped squirming.
"I felt his fat ripple when I hit him!" 
Billy and his gang laughed.
"Now be a good piggy and eat up your slop."
Eric stood up with a hand on his stomach. Billy saw some teachers had taken notice and turned to leave the scene. 
Eric looked at his shoulder and mouthed something. Teachers and students lost interest as did Cadence and Tim. Everyone moved on like the fight hadn't happened.
Eric smiled and nodded to his shoulder.
Billy fell over like someone had tackled him. His friends rushed out of their seats to him. 
One by one their lunch trays flew from the table and splattered them with food. Billy's baggy hoodie unzipped itself. His pants and shirt stretched and ripped as if pulled by unseen hands, and his hoodie tied itself to the t-shirt and jeans. The line of torn clothes captured the lot of them and held them fast.
Eric laughed and pointed. One by one, kids noticed Billy and his struggling friends. Teachers glanced over in surprise like they had not seen any of it and dashed to the scene.
Zarah gaped.
"Did you guys see?"
"See what?"
They followed her gaze and laughed.
"What happened?" Cadence asked.
"He... never mind."
They wouldn't believe her, but her curiosity was peaked. She grabbed some napkins.
"Guys. It's not funny. Creepy or not he doesn't deserve it. No one does."
She walked to Eric and squatted next to him.
"Hey I uh... brought some napkins."
A rush of air that smelled like bubble gum nearly knocked her over. Heat radiated from something next to her, but she could not see who or what it came from. She felt her heart bludgeon her from the inside as if it was trying to escape the situation with or without her.
Eric's eyes widened. He shook his head, and the smell left her along with the warmth.
"Thanks," he said.
He reached for the pool of mashed potatoes. She saw large webbed footprints, like a giant frog had stepped in it. Eric wore shoes and all of Billy's friends wore shoes. Who had left the webbed footprints? And why was Eric concerned about cleaning them up before cleaning himself up?
Eric saw the questions on her face as he blotted at the potatoes.
"Can I have more napkins?"
She did not hear him. What had she seen exactly?
"Zarah?"
"Huh? Sorry. Are you ok? Are you hurt?"
"No. Can I get more napkins?"
"Sure."
She left to get more, and when she came back he was gone. She went back to her table, perplexed.
"He's gone. I went to get more napkins, and he ran."
"Why do you care about the pig so much all of a sudden?" Cadence asked.
"A little extra weight is much more attractive than a big ego, Cadence."
"Sorry..." Cadence muttered. She collected her tray and bag and left to go sit with the popular crowd.
"She's just trying to fit in," Tim said. "Why are you being so hard on her?"
"She's just not the girl I've known since first grade anymore, and you've changed too if you think bullying is cool."
"About that, did you see what happened?" Tim asked.
Zarah dismissed him and changed the subject if he tried to bring the fight up again. He wouldn't believe her. She could hardly believe it herself. Eric knew something though. She would make him spill it before the day was done. She had to know what was really going on.
"I need to meet with my teacher before class," she said, left the lunchroom and waited at her classroom's door for Eric to show up. 
"Anyone seen Eric?" Ms. Herd asked before she closed the door. She sighed, closed and locked the door and began her lecture. 
Zarah pulled her binder from her backpack. A note was taped to it:
Zarah,
Thanks for caring. It meant a lot that you came to make sure I was okay. I just wanted to tell you that you are not crazy. I have an invisible friend. Her name is Zip. You should have seen her victory dance after she slayed those black dragons! Anyway? don't tell anyone. We will talk soon.
Eric
She knew Eric had meant to make her feel better, but his letter had only made things worse. How did he get that letter on her binder without her knowing? She wished he had said she was crazy. It all would have made more sense if she were crazy.
	
Chapter 3: When in Doubt Febreeze it
After dance class, Zarah sat on a bench outside the studio and waited for her mom, Jet Cloud, to pick her up. Something was wrong. Or at least, she felt like something was. She usually didn't worry so much about things, or did she? For some reason, she couldn't put her mind to what her stress stemmed from. Despite the prospect of being chosen to choreograph the company's upcoming Halloween performance, she felt as mundane and drab as the white and gray asphalt of the parking lot around her. Trying to pinpoint the reason of her depression just made her think about how low she felt. Cool air made her shiver in her red leotard, but she didn't really care. Her white hoodie and shorts didn't really retain heat well.
She felt bored and unfulfilled. Now that she admitted that to herself, she realized she had felt that way for quite some time.
She didn't even feel like listening to music, and that truly unnerved her. Music and dance were her center, yet that evening she felt like her life and the things most precious to her meant a little less than they had before. The most vital pieces of her were hemorrhaging. Gatsby came to mind. Perhaps Gatsby was a character worth reading about after all. He had everything and everyone, but the one person he didn't have made him feel like nothing mattered. Now, she too had a seemingly unquenchable thirst inside her, but for what?
Jet pulled up, but Zarah had not seen or heard the car. Usually she heard the baby blue Charger long before it made it to the parking lot.
"Hi, sweetie!"
Zarah jumped and looked up to see Jet's beaming smile, white against her dark brown complexion. Zarah wished she had her mom's confidence. At times, Zarah thought it was the one gene she hadn't passed down to her. People always mistook Zarah for the sister Jet never had. Everyone always asked her mother if she had been named after Joan Jett, but she had been born with a full head of lustrous black hair. It was longer than Zarah's, stretching past her waist when she let it down. She had her mom's long body too, although Zarah hoped she was done growing. Standing at 5'11", Zarah did not want any more of herself to manage. 
"What's wrong? Class not go well?" Jet asked as they pulled out of the parking lot.
Zarah stared out the window at nothing in particular: she let the world blur by without her. 
"No, it went fine Mom. Weird stuff happened at school today. I can't wrap my mind around it. Everything just feels wrong right now."
They came to a stoplight, and Jet turned around to face her.
"Did some boy mess with you?"
"No, everything is okay, but everything feels like it's not. I don't know. I feel empty, I guess."
Though Jet placed a hand on her knee and squeezed, Zarah continued to stare out of the window. Her reflection against the blue sky made it look like a gargantuan, ghostly version of her spectated from above.
"You're going through a lot of changes right now honey. Hormones will make you feel off."
Zarah shook her head and looked into Jet's concerned brown eyes.
"I don't think it's that Mom. Let me try to explain what happened."
"Go right ahead."
The light turned green, and they drove on.
"At lunch this guy was harassed. Eric. I've talked about him before. I went to see if he was ok and well? now I know a secret about him. Something he doesn't want anyone to know. I don't really know what to do about it."
"I remember you mentioning him. He's the weird kid with the afro? Is he doing drugs? Is he? gay?"
"No, Mom. Nothing like that," Zarah laughed. "He's not a bad kid. I thought he was really strange until I learned about what was going on, and now he makes sense to me, but for some reason I don't feel like I make sense now."
"Hmm. Do you like him?" Jet smirked.
"What? As a friend. He's just intriguing I guess."
"Mmhm. Intreeeguing," Jet said with a grin.
"Mom!" 
Zarah blushed.
"It's not that big of a deal," Jet laughed. "I think what you need to do is try to remember who you are. Share yourself with Eric. Maybe your friendship with him will help you find whatever you think you are missing?"
"Thanks Mom. I think I feel a little better."
"I love you honey. Just be careful ok?"
"Mom?"
Jet smiled.
When they got home Zarah sank into her nightly rituals, trying to stay as busy as possible with homework, vocal exercises and dance routines. She exhausted herself, took a shower and went to bed.
She stared at her poster of Thom Yorke belting into a microphone from her bed and put her red ear buds in her ear to listen to her Radiohead playlist. She chose "2+2=5" as the first song to play, thinking it fitting considering nothing made sense to her except that which made no sense: that Eric had an invisible friend after all.
Thoughts of invisible creatures kept her up, and the longer she stayed up the more vulnerable she felt. Usually she felt very safe and comfortable in her room. When she was surrounded by her favorite artists and beneath her soft white sheets and poofy red comforter it was hard not to be.  
A draft that smelled awful filled her nose every few minutes: like the time she spilled milk in her closet and forgot to clean it up for a month. She checked her window: it was closed and locked. She sniffed around her room, smelled nothing abnormal but sprayed Febreeze anyway. An hour later, she felt the draft against her face again. She opened her eyes and thought she saw her door open in the dim light.
For some reason she felt like someone or something was watching her. Any of her mock cherry wood furniture could have obscured it, but she could not work up the courage to investigate.
Around 5am, she finally slept.
Her alarm rang at seven. She reached over and tried to hit the snooze button, but the large round metal alarm clock clattered to the ground. She rolled out of bed, picked up the red white and blue clock and almost threw it against the wall. When she saw The Beatles' faces beneath the glass of the clock, she felt less frustrated. She smacked the snooze button and set it back on her night stand.  
At 7:10 it went off again. She grunted in frustration and switched the alarm off. She prepared for school in a sleepy haze.
She managed to down a cup of coffee before her mom dressed to take her to school, and by the time she got there the caffeine had bolstered her anxiety ten-fold. At least she wouldn't face plant on her desk. 

Chapter 4: Jumping at Shadows
Zarah hadn't paid attention to her teachers all day. She rushed through her class work and drew pictures of what she thought Eric's friend Zip could look like during downtime.
It had to be something mischievous. An invisible girl maybe? No, it had webbed feet. Maybe a cross between a girl and an amphibian like the creature from the black lagoon or something like a mermaid or a naiad. Or maybe, it could change shape and play tricks on the mind, like an imp or a satyr or a leprechaun. She liked the merfolk idea the most. It was the most demure, normal and perhaps the most logical of her possibilities.
She could not believe she had even considered the possibility that it existed, and now she categorized it among mythological creatures? Thinking about it made her feel a little better though, and that was all that mattered.
The bell chimed, and she gathered her stuff. She had to get her textbook for English, and she wanted to beat Eric to the door so she could talk to him. She opened her locker, but could not find her book. She thought she smelled that disgusting odor from her bedroom again and dug around in her locker to make sure there weren't any hidden rotting things. She put her backpack down and saw the book next to it.
"Weird. I guess it fell?"
She bent to pick it up, but it moved away.
"Stop it," she whispered. She didn't know if her whispers were for herself or someone else. 
She was just tired, she told herself. Her head was playing tricks on her, and it was definitely not anything or anyone.
She grabbed her book and smiled. Invisible creature, person-things were not going to get the best of her.
She put it under her arm, slung her backpack over her shoulder and walked down the hall. Halfway to class her book flew from her grip and thumped against the back of a girl's head.
"Are you alright? Sorry. I'm so sorry."
"Watch it," The girl hissed. Zarah saw her pick the book up and thought the girl was handing it to her until she prepared to pitch it. Zarah shielded herself with her arms and braced for impact.
She heard the book fall at her feet and the girl's sigh.
"You're not worth my time. Don't let BS like this happen again or it'll come right back at ya."
She was nearly Zarah's height and displayed her curves proudly, too proudly in Zarah's opinion. Her stomach's fat poked out of the bottom of her spaghetti strap shirt. She had to have been held back a couple years because Zarah rarely saw any girls as tall as her. Zarah wanted to tell her to watch how much makeup she put on and to take it easy with the hairspray.
"Yeah. Sorry," she said instead.
She bent down to pick up her book. It was gone again. She caught sight of it rolling on its side along the wall. It wasn't her imagination. Either the book was moving on its own or something invisible pulled it.
Somehow no one noticed. It followed one of her classmates into English. She ran after it and found it under her desk. She bent down to get it and smelled bubble gum again.
"Uh. You ok?" Eric asked.
Startled, she banged her head on her desk trying to stand.
"Ow. No. Was that you screwing with me just then in the hall?"
"What?"
"Eric don't mess with me. Your... friend moved my book, threw it at some girl's head, nearly knocked her out and rolled it in here.
Eric sighed and cupped his hands, whispering to someone or something next to him.
"Uh. She said she didn't. But she sees who did."
"What?"
"She said it's over there!"
The door opened. Zarah thought she saw a shadow pass through it before it closed. She ran to the door and glanced out but saw nothing odd, only straggling students. The bell rang, and Ms. Herd told her to take her seat.
As Ms. Herd explained the agenda for the day, a balled up piece of paper bounced off Zarah's back. She turned and took a breath to snap at Eric.
"Read it," he whispered.
Zip said she saw something that looked like an octopus, some kind of shadow. She said she has been watching it all day and that it's stalking you.
He nodded at her and looked concerned.
She took a pen and wrote:
Don't screw with me.
She erased it. He had no reason to lie, and she knew no one could explain what happened last night or in the hall except Eric and Zip: if Zip existed.
She wrote a new note:
Last night something kept me awake? I thought it was some nasty air from outside or the septic tank or something else, but I think something was breathing on me. Did anything happen like that when you met Zip?
She waited until Ms. Herd wasn't looking and threw the balled up piece of paper at Eric. He wasn't paying attention, and it hit his face.
Some students snickered, and Ms. Herd turned to see what was going on.
The kids quieted, and she continued her lesson.
Zarah smiled at Eric and mouthed a sorry.
He smiled back, shook his head and read the letter.
Zarah heard paper crinkle beneath her desk and knew her letter had landed. She picked it up, waited for her chance and read it.
No. The first time I saw Zip was in a dream in second grade. I dreamed about her for a week or so, and then one day I woke up and she was sleeping on my chest. I thought I was still dreaming. We've been compadres since. Zip says the thing isn't like her. That it's some kind of evil. She's afraid of it, but she's been trying to keep it away from you all day. She's been checking on you, making sure it keeps its distance. She had to pee, and while she was outside it messed with you in the hall.
What should I do? Zarah wrote and rolled it back to him.
"Zarah what do you think about Gatsby?" Ms. Herd said loudly.
Zarah gave a weak laugh.
"He's actually been on my mind lately. He's materialistic on the surface, but beneath he is as scared as any of us. He needs something he can't have and tries to fill that hole with anything and everything he can."
"Well spoken, but what are you two talking to each other about?" Ms. Herd asked.
"Nothing ma'am."
"Perhaps you want me to share your note with the class?"
"No ma'am."
"Then pay attention."
"Yes ma'am."
Zarah couldn't have cared less about lectures and literature. She was in danger, and she was being forced to place her safety in the hands of Eric: a boy, a boy she barely knew at that and his invisible pet. It had been at least ten minutes since Eric's last note, and while she knew he was waiting for the opportune time, her fear made her want to run into the hall screaming, but she didn't. She took slow, deep breaths and waited for Eric to roll the letter back to her and reassure her that he and Zip were going to do everything possible to keep the shadow away from her.
She felt the letter against her foot and smiled. 
Zip says she will help you for as long as she can, but she can't stray too far from me or she'll get lost and may not find me again. She'll only be able to protect you here at school. She thinks if you keep lights on at home and listen to loud music you might be able to keep it away. That's all we've got right now. I know you don't think so, but it's cool you have an invisible animal following you around. I thought I had the only one. Wish it was awesome like Zip, but I guess not everyone can be as awesome as the two of us.
"Zarah."
She jumped. Ms. Herd was right in front of her face.
"Yes ma'am."
"I warned you both. Now you both will have a chance to finish your imperative discussion on the way to the office."
"The office?"
"This isn't a cave, so my voice shouldn't echo. Be on your way."
"Ma'am I apologize?"
"I said be on your way Zarah."
Zarah got up and went to the door.
"Take your things. I doubt the principal will be done with you by the time this period is over. You'll have to get the test review from someone in class, and if you aren't able to get a copy don't come running to me for it. That goes for you too, Eric. I warned you both."
"Yes ma'am."
Zarah tried not to cry, gathered her belongings and left the room. The door hit Eric, who was right behind her. 
"Ow! Wait up!"
Zarah's glare made Eric cringe.
"This is the first time I have ever been to the office. Ever. And it's because of you."
Zarah pushed the metal door at the end of the hall open and did not hold it for Eric, who barely scooted through before it clanged shut.
He dashed after her to catch up, and his heavy footfalls clapped against the white and gray checkered tiles of the school's main hall. Its white brick walls stretched fifty feet high. Natural light poured in through the ceiling's skylights. The spacious crescent hall was the school's atrium: built that way to prevent student traffic.
"Hold on. I was just trying to help you. It's not cool you're blaming all of this on me."
His deep voice echoed throughout the open hall.
"I know it's not your fault, but it makes me feel better. Sorry."
"It's fine. I remember my first visit to the office. It was the first day I brought Zip to school. Man she tore the room up! She ran around, flung papers and books everywhere, got some girl's hair slimed. I cracked up. Didn't even know what to do. The teacher didn't either. She knew I couldn't have caused all the mayhem, but she sent me to the office anyway."
"That's nice," Zarah said. "Look? we can hang out before class and at lunch, but during English please don't get me in trouble. It's my favorite class because I get to listen to music while I work, and now I don't know when I'm going to get that privilege back. Especially if I don't do well on that test."
"It's just "The Great Gatsby"," Eric said. "I'll help you study. We'll get some cliff notes or something and quiz ourselves."
"Ok," Zarah said not noticing she had just agreed to hang out with Eric outside of school. "If my parents don't ground me for the rest of my life."
 "They won't. Just blame it on me when the principal asks what happened. She'll believe you."
"I don't want you to be in more trouble though."
"You know how often I'm sent to the office. It's all good. I don't even care. Really."
He took a pick from his back pocket and worked on his fro.
"Alright. Thanks."
"Yeah. So, it sucks your creature isn't friendly."
He checked himself in a glass window and smiled.
"Zip doesn't ever play tricks on you? I'm so crazy to even be considering this is all real. I'm going to end up institutionalized," she whined.
"You're not crazy," Eric said. "Sometimes she does. But, she doesn't keep me from sleeping if she knows I'm tired. She likes to take care of me. She's wanted to go after people that bullied me before, but I haven't let her til now."
"Yeah I don't think you'll have to worry about bullies again this year. You single-handedly broke up a gang."
"True. I guess that's why everyone that usually messes with me has been staying clear like I stink or something."
"You do kind of stink."
Eric sniffed his armpits. 
"Forgot deodorant today."
"Lovely."
"Sorry. Not used to lady friends."
Zarah felt upset still, but for some reason hanging out with Eric made her feel safer. They walked past the large glass windows preceding the door to the office. 
"Well we're here. How does this work?"
"I'll lead my dear. Been here a few times."
Zarah sighed.
"Don't call me your dear, please."
Eric smiled and held the glass door for her.
The secretary frowned from behind the front desk when she saw Eric enter.
"You just can't seem to escape us can you Mr. Gonzalez."
"No ma'am, why would I? I get to see you every day."
"Flattering me will not help you," she couldn't help but crack a smile. "I'll tell Mrs. Tran you're here. Can I help you with anything Zarah?"
"I was sent here with him."
"Oh. Well you can go back to class now. He knows the routine from here I'm sure."
"No I mean? Ms. Herd sent me here for disciplining as well."
"Disciplining?" she laughed. "You surprise me Zarah, but I suppose everyone slips up. Eric will show you where to sit and wait."
"Thank you."
Eric and Zarah sat on a metal bench outside Mrs. Tran's office while the secretary phoned her.
"Act like you're mad at me," Eric said. "That way it will be more believable. Say I pissed you off when I threw love notes at you and you were writing back, telling me to stop and that's how you got in trouble."
"But?"
"Ms. Herd didn't read what we were writing, and she didn't let you explain anything. Maybe you'll have a chance at that review if you have the principal talk to her about it."
"Alright."
"Now act mad when she gets off the phone."
"Ok."
The secretary hung up the phone.
"She'll see you momentarily."
"Zarah, I'm so sorry," Eric held his arms up, palms facing Zarah as if he were trying to back away from an enraged beast.
"Shut up Eric!" she yelled. "I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you! Now I'm going to be grounded. I won't get to go to the McCartney concert next month and who knows what else," she growled at him.
 "If I knew McCartney was in jeopardy I wouldn't have messed with you. I swear."
Zarah tried to look menacing but only forced Eric to choke down a laugh when she furrowed her face.
"Both of you settle down," the secretary said. "Or I'll add detention to whatever the principal decides on. Sit there and be quiet."
"Sorry. I'm just so angry," Zarah huffed.
"I said sorry," Eric said and acted like he was coughing so he wouldn't laugh and ruin the charade.
The secretary raised a finger to her lips.
"Save it for Mrs. Tran."
Eric winked at her and gave her a thumbs up. 
Zarah shook her head and let herself smile. Eric might have been strange, but there wasn't anything creepy about him. He actually looked kind of cute once she got over his hair being larger than his head. She looked at his face. He had a nice profile. His brown skin was lighter than hers. He had a very smooth face and a nice curve to his nose. 
Eric looked up at her and smiled. His cheek bones stuck out a little, stretching his smile across his whole face: the most joyful smile she had ever seen. 
He tackled Zarah, and simultaneously something struck the large, double paned window with the force of sledgehammer, shattering it into jagged pieces that rained down where Eric and Zarah had sat. The secretary screamed, and Ms. Tran peeked from her office door.
"What was that!" she yelled.
"Don't worry," Eric said. "Zip is after it. Are you okay?"
Zarah shook and broke down into tears.
The principal and the secretary went outside, came back in and called campus security. It didn't matter whether Zip was chasing it away or not. Zarah had never felt so threatened in her life, and she felt like nothing could protect her. She scooted away from Eric and wrapped her arms around her knees, crying into them. 

Chapter 5: Alt Rock is Mightier Than the Sword
Zarah cranked up Placebo and made sure all the lights were on in her room and in the hall. Still, she could not focus on her homework. After the family conference regarding her office visit, her parents decided she would stay in her room for the evening as punishment which was a relief. She had expected her parents to seize the opportunity and go back on their promise to let her start driving with their supervision soon. Driving meant freedom or the first step towards it. She wanted to know what it felt like to just get in her car and roll the windows down and drive. She didn't need a destination, just the drive itself: her, the road and her music.
She picked up the white and red, cast iron model of a 67' Mustang: a Shelby GT 500. Her dad had built it for her and she had painted it. She knew it wouldn't be her first car, but a girl could dream. 
All the invisible animal drama was distracting her. She wished she had never given Eric napkins. Sometimes you have to let the food fall where it falls. It had not been her problem. She should have left it to Eric. Still, she knew it would not have happened any other way. Eric had needed someone, and she stepped up. While she wished things were less complicated, she felt like she had found a sincere friend.
She knew how she could feel better: she sat on her bed to call him. They had exchanged numbers after the office incident, so she could call and talk to him if she felt scared and adamantly told him that was the only reason she needed it. 
She traced the face of the red cameos that were on each of her bed posts. The Victorian bed frame along with her bed set was part of her Christmas present the year before. The intricately carved red cameos about the size of her palm superimposed each bed post a few inches above where her mattress sat on the frame and made it to die for.
She couldn't help but grin when Eric's picture came up on her phone after she pressed the call button.
She had asked to take a picture of him for his phone profile. He stood there emotionless until she counted to three, placed his hands on his hair like he was caressing something soft and delicately beautiful, gave his best rock star grimace and stuck his tongue out.
"Can I speak to Eric please?" She asked as she got beneath her covers and sank into her pillow.
"Zarah?"
"Yeah. Hey."
"How's it going? Any paranormal activity?" Eric chuckled.
"No. Why is that funny?"
"It's a movie."
"You've seen that?"
"Yeah Dad lets me watch freaky stuff like that. It's scary sure, but I have Zip."
"Well no. Nothing has happened. I have all the lights on and I'm listening to music as loud as my parents will let me."
"I can hear it. Placebo? Awesome. What other bands do you like?"
"A lot of 90's. A lot of classic stuff."
"Any metal?"
"Uh. Nah. I like Stabbing Westward sometimes. I have to be in the mood though." 
"You're pretty awesome. Just thought I'd say that so you would know."
"Uh. Thanks."
"Should I not say stuff like that?"
"I'm just freaked out."
"Well, nothing has happened right?"
"Yeah."
"Just keep doin what you're doin then. Should work out fine. Zip wants to say hey to you. Not that you can hear her. Just say hi to her."
"Um, ok? Now?"
"Count to five then say hey."
"Um? hey Zip."
She heard static. A few seconds later Eric came back.
"Hey. Did you hear her say anything?"
"Just static."
"Yeah. I've tried to record her, and I've tried to get her to talk to people before. You know to prove she exists. But, apparently only my ears can pick her up."
The lights in Zarah's room wavered and static simultaneously distorted her music and Eric's voice.
"Eric, I think it's coming."
"How do you know?"
"My lights are turning on and off and static is messing with my music and the phone."
Static built up and masked his response. She ended the call. Her lights stopped flashing, and her music cleared.
"Maybe it was just because of Zip."
She felt better after talking with him, calm enough to study for her Bio test. After half an hour, she closed her book and wrote an entry in her diary. She heard a rap on her door followed by her dad clearing his throat. She wished he would stop smoking.
"Zarah?" His low voice echoed in the hall outside.
Zarah turned her music down, and he squeezed his stout, brawny frame through the door. His large, calloused hands were black with his day's work. His personal essence of sweat, car garage aroma and cigarettes filled her room. He designed cars for several major brands and built his own on the side.
"Hey Dad."
"Is there a reason all the lights are on?"
"No. Sorry."
"Well, it's time for you to go to bed."
"Can I keep my music on? I've had trouble sleeping."
"If it will help," her dad said. "Just don't turn it up too loud. We're about to go to bed too. Have to be at work early to prepare for my business trip."
"Ok. Dad I'm sorry about today."
"It's not that big of a deal," he said. "Your mom said he got you in trouble. I know you think mischief is a waste of time. Why were you talking with that troublemaker anyway?"
"He's not that bad. He needed a friend."
"Well maybe you'll be able to influence him. Pull him back from the dark side."
"This isn't Star Wars Dad, and he's far from dark. He's just not used to behaving."
"Does he do any drugs?" 
It was impossible to take her dad seriously when he tried to be stern. His slightly bearded baby face always made her smile.
"No," she chuckled.
"How do you know?"
"I just know Dad. He's not like that."
"Alright. I just love you."
"I love you too."
"Just be good ok?"
She hugged him despite his need for a shower.
"I always am. Have a good night Dad."
"You too honey. See you after school tomorrow. We'll go out and do something before I have to leave. Just think about where you want to go while you're at school."
"Sounds fun. G'night."
"Good night."
He closed her door behind him.
Zarah took a shower and dressed herself for bed. She decided on her black cozy pjs that had white music notes all over them. She turned her music up a bit, made sure the lights were on and tucked herself in. 
Feedback rang from her speakers at 3 a.m., startling her from sleep. Lights flickered in her room and in the hall. The hall light popped and went out. 
She smelled it: the sewage aroma. 
Ignoring the ringing and buzzing, she turned her music up louder and pushed her door closed. She turned away, her door's handle jigged, and it flew open against her before she could step back. The blow left her breathless. 
She looked up and saw a dark figure just outside her room's light. She squinted at it and could see a shadow moving along the ceiling, floor and walls, completely visible even in the dim light: darker than darkness, blacker than black. Floorboards creaked slightly from an invisible weight as it moved from her room to the end of the hall. The shadows resembled wavering tentacles. When they reached the hall's end and the top of the stairs, they combined in the air like black ink, resembling a floating tattoo of a sun before it gradually faded.
She gasped, closed her door and pinched herself. She had to be dreaming.
A sound, like a giant tuning fork had been struck, vibrated the house. Her door flew off one of its hinges, and the house alarm sounded.
Seconds later it turned off, and her parents were around her, holding her while she sobbed.
"Did you see anything?" Her dad asked. "My ears are still ringing..." he remarked.
"No," Zarah said.
"She's shaking," Jet said. "Ask her about it later honey. She's terrified."
"Are you sure?" Her dad asked. "All the doors are open downstairs. The kitchen is a mess. Some doors up here were ripped right off their hinges. I don't know how one person could have done this. Had to have been a group."
"I saw a shadow in the hall," Zarah said. "That's all. Then the alarm went off."
"How did the door break?" He asked.
"I don't know."
"What is that nasty smell?" Jet asked.
"Something is backed up," her dad said. "I'll have a plumber on it tomorrow morning first thing. Are you going to be okay Zarah?"
"I feel like something is watching me right now."
"It's okay honey," Jet said.
Wrong, Zarah thought. It was still there, watching her. She knew it. 
Jet tucked her back in, gave her a kiss on her forehead and left the room.
Zarah would not let herself pass out. If she slipped a little, she pinched herself, but eventually sleep wrapped his arms around her and pulled her under.
She woke in darkness. 
Her eyes adjusted, and she recognized her room. She tried the white fender lamp on her cherry wood side table, but it wouldn't turn on. She heard creaking floorboards in the hall and crept to her door. She reached an arm out and tried to turn the hall light on. Something wet and cold wrapped around her wrist. Escaping was futile. It held her tightly.
She screamed, her door flew open, and she saw something in the darkness, heard breathing and smelled its familiar stink. The long black tentacle wrapped around her wrist belonged to her stalker.
Tentacles darted for her and drew her closer. She felt its hot, putrid breath on her face. The overpowering smell made her dizzy. The thing twisted her around, and its breath tickled her between her shoulder blades. It nuzzled her, and she heard it sigh like a mother embracing her long lost daughter.
"Please," Zarah said. "Please don't hurt me."
It growled, and she felt rivulets of warm saliva slide down her back.
A tentacle gagged her before she could scream.
It nuzzled her once more. Sharp pain jabbed her back and flooded her like an injection of boiling water.
Then, she woke. 
She heard U2 and knew it had been a dream. She felt weak, cold, sweaty and parched.
"Mom?" Her voice was a coarse whisper. 
She felt her legs give out, and her consciousness wavered. On her way to the floor, she swiped at the volume knob on her stereo and heard Bono's voice in her ears before blacking out. 
"Bullet the blue sky?" he sang. "Bullet the blue sky."

Chapter 6: Back-Scratch Fever
Her music woke her parents. Zarah stirred at her mom's touch.
"She has a fever," she told Zarah's dad. "Talk to her. I'm going to get a thermometer and brew some of mom's tea."
"Grandma?" Zarah said. "Call Grandma."
"It's ok honey. It's all going to be okay," her dad said and stroked her head.
"Grandma will help?" Zarah said and coughed.
"She's so pale," her mother said when she got back. She popped the thermometer in her mouth.
"She said we need to call Rose," her dad said.
"Well I'm brewing Grandma's special tea now honey," her mother said. "It will help break your fever."
"It's like in Grandma's stories mom. Living shadows. Living shadows."
"There's nothing in the shadows sweetie," her dad said.
"Go get her tea before it burns babe," Jet said.
"Ok," her dad galloped downstairs.
"Honey, Grandma's stories are just stories. I told her to not fill your head with such things. You're too young for her ridiculous Native American ghost myths."
"But, they're real mom."
"Zarah. They are not. We had a break in. That's all."
"Here's the tea," her dad said.
"Drink this Zarah," Jet said.
Her grandmother's tea was a special recipe handed down over generations and made from herbs her grandmother grew herself. It was slightly sweet and cooled her throat and sinuses.
"Mom," she said in between a gulp. "We have to call Grandma."
Zarah inhaled the steam and let it fill her lungs. She felt a little better already.
"You can try tomorrow," Jet said with a sigh. "She is ignoring my calls again."
"Ok," Zarah finished the tea.
"Rest now Zarah," Jet said. "I love you."
"Mom, stay with me tonight please. It'll help me fall asleep, so I can feel better. I don't want to miss school tomorrow."
"You don't want to miss school?" Jet laughed. "Any other time you would have wanted to stay home if you sneezed wrong."
"Please, Mom."
"Alright. I'll lay with you until morning. If you have a fever you're staying."
"Fine. I love you."
"I love you too dear. I'm sorry you're not feeling good."
Zarah scratched her back furiously.
"Have an itch honey?"
"Yeah."
"Well stop scratching. Let me look."
Jet lifted the back of her shirt and turned a light on.
"Zarah you're scratching your skin off! You must have done it in your sleep? It's going to get infected. We'll have the doctor look at it. Between the rash and the fever you need to take a day off."
"Alright mom. Let's talk about it tomorrow. I'm really tired."
They curled up beneath her blankets.
Zarah fell asleep in her mom's arms.
Jet shook her head and smiled as she held her daughter. Her dad pecked Zarah on the forehead and gave his wife a lingering kiss.
"Good night honey. Sorry you're having to sleep in this tiny bed."
"It's not a big deal. I just hope she's ok. Do me a favor and leave a message for her doctor so they can try to fit us in tomorrow morning."
"I will. Let me know how the appointment goes," her dad said as he closed the door.
Jet thought she smelled something strange but assured herself that she would take care of it the next day.

Chapter 7: Waking Nightmares
Jet woke at 8 a.m. and called their doctor to confirm their appointment. She let Zarah sleep for as long as she could before waking her up for breakfast.
Zarah felt like she hadn't slept for days. Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion. For some reason she could not remember if she had dreamed the night before. Her mom had to support her so she could make it to the car.
Jet let her stay in her pjs to keep her back from being irritated too much. She wore her white dance hoodie over it though. Despite it and the heat on in the car, she felt cold inside. 
"Mom? my back itches."
"I know honey. You've been telling me all morning. I'm sorry the cortisone didn't help. Maybe the doctor can prescribe you something stronger. You're sure you don't remember anything biting you?"
Zarah shook her head.
"I don't think so mom. But I don't really remember very much from last night."
"Ok."
They pulled into the parking lot, and Jet came to her door to help her out.
"I think I can walk now mom. Sorry, I just feel so tired."
"It's ok honey. I hate seeing you like this."
"I'll feel better in a few days I'm sure. You're acting like I've never gotten sick before. Can I go to dance later?"
"You've never been this sick before. And no. I don't think dance is in the cards today. We'll see how you're feeling tomorrow."
"Ok. Be sure to tell them I won't be there. We are supposed to start choreographing soon." 
Zarah sighed and sat in the waiting room while her mom checked them in. Zarah tried to remember what had happened the night before. Eric talked to her but about what? Why couldn't she remember anything?
Her back itched.
"Stop scratching Zarah," Jet said.
"It's hard mom. I think something did bite me last night."
Zarah remembered talking to Eric about the shadow following her, and the break in came back to her.
"Mom, did Dad find out anything about who broke into the house last night?"
Jet sighed.
"No. The police should be investigating the house now. I didn't want you to have to see them there."
"Why not?"
"I thought it would scare you."
"Not much scares me Mom. Well, this terrible string tribute of 'Stairway to Heaven' they have on in here is pretty terrifying."
Jet gave a laugh and shook her head. 
"Ok. Well maybe I didn't want to have to deal with them. It scares me a little."
Zarah remembered her dreams and the living shadow. She wished Eric were there with her. At least she had her Mom. It seemed to leave her alone whenever she was with someone else. All she needed to do was make sure she was never alone.
"Zarah Cloud?"
"That's us Zarah. Let's go," Jet patted her shoulder.
A nurse took her height and weight, and they went into an examination room.
"So tell me about what's bothering you," the nurse said.
Zarah didn't reply.
"Um? sorry she's really tired," her mom said.
"Is that normal for her?"
"No. She hasn't been sleeping well. She also has some kind of rash on her back."
"Any fever?"
"Yes. It was high last night. She hasn't had one today though." 
"Alright. The doctor will be here shortly."
"Thanks a lot."
"Are you ok Zarah?" Jet asked.
"Sorry mom. Just tired."
"You can lay down right there if you want."
Zarah climbed up on the cushy examination table and tried to relax.
"I'm going to go to the bathroom. Stay here and try to relax ok?"
Jet left the room. When the Zarah heard the door click, the lights flickered. An amorphous black shape blotted out the white ceiling. She did not notice. Then, she smelled it. 
She opened her eyes wide and tried to get up. Something yanked her down. 
"Let me go! Let me go!" she cried out.
The black blot sprouted tendrils of shadow that resembled tentacles. They stretched from the ceiling to the walls and slinked along the floor up the examination table and onto Zarah. 
Cold stroked her arms and legs, and she felt her fighting spirit leave her.
The door opened and the lights came back on. Jet rushed to her.
"What happened?"
Zarah wanted to cry but was so enfeebled she could only sputter and let tears drip from her eyes. Jet held her.
The doctor came in seconds later, examined her bloodshot brown eyes and listened to her rapidly beating heart.
"Is she on any illegal drugs?" he asked.
"No! Of course not!" Her mom snapped.
"Jet, you've been trusting me with your family's health for a long time. I'm not trying to offend you. I'm only asking to get a feel for the situation. It looks like she is calming down. Zarah?"
"I'm? sorry. It came for me. I'm so scared."
"It? What are you talking about dear?" The doctor asked. "Explain to me what has been happening."
"Last night something attacked me? It bit my back. It burns and itches. It came for me when Mom left. I'm not crazy. Look at my back."
The doctor lifted her shirt and examined the bite.
"This is really inflamed. It looks like a spider bite there at the center. But, it is affecting her like a jellyfish sting. Does it look worse today than it did last night?"
"It looked like an insect bite before we left this morning, so yes. It looks terrible," her mom said. "Is she going to be ok?"
"She doesn't have a fever right now, but I'm going to prescribe some antibiotics and something to treat this bite. You both need to keep an eye on it. If it gets any worse than this go to the ER immediately."
"Ok. Thank you," Jet said.
"Is Zarah getting enough rest?"
"No. I'm not," Zarah said. "Not sleeping well."
"Your delusions might be caused by sleep deprivation," he said. "I can prescribe some Benadryl too. Maybe that will help. If it doesn't, we will go from there."
"Thank you so much," Jet said.
"No problem at all. I'll call in the prescriptions. They'll be ready when you two get there. Take care, Zarah. Hopefully I won't see you for a little while right?"
Zarah nodded.
"Thank you."
"No problem sweetie. You both try to have a good day now."
They left the doctor's office, picked up her prescriptions and began the drive home. "Stairway to Heaven" came on the radio.
"This should make you feel better, Zarah," Jet said with a smile and turned the song up.
At first the song only reminded her of her doctor's visit and the night's events. She felt anxiety tremble within her. Jet noticed her shaking and rubbed her shoulder as she drove.
"It'll be okay honey," she said.
Zarah nodded and took deep breaths, letting Robert Plant's croon ease her mind away from her troubles.
"Are you hungry Zarah?" Jet asked when they pulled into their garage. "Hold on your Dad is calling. Hello?"
Zarah walked into the house and laid her head on the cool, blue marble kitchen counter. It soothed some of her head pains. She remembered they had an icepack in the freezer and went to collect it when her mom came in.
"What do you mean no one broke in Paul," Jet said. "That's crazy. None of us could have done any of those things. Why would we want to damage our own property? Let me talk to Zarah and see what she remembers. Ok. Love you too. Bye."
Jet sighed and sat next to Zarah on a stool.
"Zarah do you remember what happened last night? You were the only one that was awake."
"Mom I already told you what happened," Zarah said.
"Take that pack off your head and look at me when you talk so I can hear you. So something came for you. Did that same something cause all of this damage?"
"Yes. I mean. I'm assuming. I don't know what else could have caused it."
"Did you see him? Or her? Did they come through your window? You said it was pitch black. Did they blindfold you? Did you see them before they did?"
"Mom. It wasn't a person!" Zarah's voice went up an octave and echoed in the open kitchen. "I don't know how to describe it. Every time I try to remember, my words slip away?" she paused and frustration creased her face.
Jet just shook her head.
"I know everyone thinks I'm insane. I don't know what else to say. I wish I could tell you a story that sounds real, of a group of people breaking in, blindfolding me and ransacking our house. But I can't. Maybe you should stop trying to believe what you want to believe and listen to what I'm saying, Mom."
"Zarah?" Her mom sat next to her on one of the high wooden bar stools. "I know you've been through a lot but I wish you would lose the attitude."
"Mom. Nothing is missing. If people had broken into our house they would have stolen something."
"People have done more idiotic things I'm sure."
"That is true mom," Zarah said. "But, people did not do this."
"Alright. Go up to your room and lay down until dinner please. You need to get some rest if you're planning on going to school tomorrow."
"Can I just lay on the couch while you cook mom?"
"Sure."
Zarah was afraid but too exhausted to show it. She just wanted to rest, just for a little while. She grabbed a throw blanket and a pillow and lay on the pale leather couch in the living room. She pulled out her IPhone, turned her Air playlist on and let herself drift to sleep. Hours later she opened her groggy eyes to her mom's smiling face.
"Did you sleep well?"
"I guess so. Head hurts though."
Zarah realized that it hadn't attacked her. With her headphones on her head she had been able to rest. She smiled and hugged her mom.
"What was that for?"
"Thank you for taking care of me and not locking me away in an asylum somewhere."
Her Mom let out a short laugh, snorted and covered her face. Her and Zarah laughed at each other.
"Now, why would I ever do that?"
She smiled at her daughter and gave her a quick hug.
"You have to admit I sound crazy."
"Ok. Maybe a little. Are you ready to eat?"
"Starving. Smells great mom."
Zarah took her antibiotic and Benadryl after she finished eating, moved her headphones and IPhone to her bed and took a shower.
After, she turned her lights off, got in bed and put her headphones back on. A few minutes later, she slept soundly.
She opened her eyes, stared at the ceiling and wondered if she was dreaming. Her headphones were silent. Either she was dreaming or her IPhone had died. 
She tried to move, but could not. She tried to call for her mom but could not. Slowly, her body sat up, removed her headphones and set them aside. 
She wanted to scream so badly so her mom could come and see she was telling the truth. Her face tingled as her lips stretched slowly into a smile by themselves. Then she screamed, and she did not stop screaming until her mom came into the room.
"Zarah, what happened? Your fever is back. I'll get something for you."
"It was here mom. It was here. Please don't leave me alone."
"Ok, honey. Can you walk? You're trembling again."
They walked downstairs, and Jet gave her some over the counter fever reducer. She held her the rest of the night, but Zarah did not let herself go to sleep. As exhausted as she was, her fear proved greater and quaked inside her despite her mom's comforting. 

Chapter 8: Extra Ketchup Please
That morning Jet considered keeping her home, but Zarah's rash had improved and did not itch. She had no fever and no other symptoms to speak of. Zarah was glad for it. School meant she would be around people all day. The chance of an attack would be lower that way. 
Zarah trudged through her day in a fog of sleep deprivation. Eric did not talk to her in English. They made had made an agreement before class to speak at lunch time to avoid another scene. She did turn and smile at him from time to time though.
Class ended, and she made her way to the cafeteria. 
"I'll see you there," he said and gave her a hug. "Zip needs to go to the bathroom."
Zarah smiled and was thankful he had remembered deodorant. She approved of his red and white Red Hot Chili Peppers shirt and thought he looked nice but did not tell him.
"Ok, see you there."
Zarah purchased her food and sat at her normal table.
She stared at her food. Her friends tried to talk to her and make her feel better, but without Eric there her fear escalated. She was hungry but could not motivate herself to eat. 
"You need to grow up Zar," Cadence said. "I was afraid of the dark when I was like 5. Then I realized the things I could do in the dark?"
"Cadence shut up. I don't want to hear about your boy adventures."
"Suit yourself. Do you really only have red and white in your closet?" 
"You know what's in my closet Cadence, please. Now is not the time."
"Actually its been a few months, and you know how my memory is. How many pairs of red jeans do you have now? Do you have red shorts? Red capris?"
"Cadence."
"Red skirts."
Zarah sighed.
Cadence laughed.
 "Red panties?"
"One more word Cadence and I will squirt my five packets of ketchup all over your flashy, fifty dollar mall shirt."
"Eric!" Zarah yelled when she saw him searching for a place to sit. He saw her, and she smiled and waved him over.
"That's the first time I've seen you smile today," Tim said.
"No, it's not," Zarah started to argue but realized he was right. Seeing Eric made her feel happier and safer than with her friends she had known for years.
"Cadence scoot please," Zarah said.
"Excuse me?"
"Scoot over, so I can sit by Eric please."
Cadence moved over and narrowed her large blue eyes at Eric as he plopped down.
"Thanks for the invite," he said.
"This is Cadence, and my friend Tim," Zarah said.
"Hey Cadence and friend Tim," Eric said.
Cadence rolled her eyes.
"Hey," Tim said.
"How's your day been?" Eric asked.
"Crappy," Zarah said.
"Ask her why Eric," Cadence said. "So she can whine to you about her night terrors and her boogie man paranoia."
Zarah opened a ketchup package.
"I told her she's a baby."
Zarah opened another.
"Maybe she'll listen to her boy."
"Her? boy?" Eric asked.
Zarah opened two packages at once.
"Yeah. Or maybe it's just the hair," Cadence scrunched her blonde hair in her hands and held it up. "Do you want to be my friend now Zarah? I think my hair is about as high as his now."
Zarah opened the last package.
"Nothing to say?"
Zarah picked the ketchup packets up and walked down the long table.
"Where are you going Zarah?"
She made her way around the rectangular table, walked up to Cadence and squirted the ketchup on her face, her hair, her shirt, down her shirt and threw the empty packages at her.
Cadence blushed, redder than the ketchup/tear mixture sliding down her cheeks. She reached for napkins with shaking hands.
"Let's go Eric, Zarah said. "Good luck on your test Tim."
"Uh yeah. Thanks," Tim said.
Eric sat, stunned.
"Eric!" Zarah said. "Let's go."
"Uh. Later guys," Eric stood and followed Zarah to another table.
"Sit in front of me please Eric. I don't want her to see me crying."
"Ok. What happened?"
"The night before last it was there. It kept me up all night and then got in my dreams. I dreamed it attacked me. It looked like some kind of octopus. It trapped me in its tentacles and bit my back. After, I woke up I was really sick. I feel ok now. But I'm freaked out. I am so freaked out. Mom wants to schedule an appointment with the school psych, but I don't think he can help. I don't know who can help. I just? don't know Eric." 
He held one of her hands in his large sweaty ones. If it had been any other boy Zarah would have ran to the bathroom to wash her hands immediately, but for some reason she didn't mind.
"I'm trying to help. So is Zip. I said we care and we do."
"Thanks. Thank you."
"So you can talk to us. We'll do whatever we can."
"Well. My grandma might be able to help. My parents have treated me like I'm crazy though, and I don't want her to act the same so I haven't called."
"Does she know about invisible animals like Zip?"
"Something like that. She used to tell me stories about our ancestors. They had friends like Zip and fought against evil animals like the one that won't leave me alone. We're descended from a Native American tribe supposedly."
"You don't know for sure?"
"Well the tribe is all but extinct. No one knows what happened to them."
"Oh. That is so awesome. Do you think you're related to them?"
"Yeah. It's weird, Mom kept her last name when she married Dad because she is so proud of her heritage and passed it down to me, but she says Grandma's stories will do nothing but hurt me. It just makes me feel like she's afraid of something and doesn't want me to know about whatever it is. But, I know Grandma will be up front with me if I'm honest."
"Well go with your feeling. That's all I do."
"I promised Mom I would talk to this counselor."
"Do that and then tell your mom you need to call your grandmother. If she won't let you, do it anyway. You have her number in your IPhone right?
"Yeah."
"Then do what you have to do."
"I will. Thanks Eric," she squeezed his hands. "I gotta go. I'm gonna be late for class."
"Ok. There's a pep rally today? Want to ditch your class and sit by me?"
"Yeah. Yeah sure. I'll look for you."
"Sounds good. Have a good class."
"Ok. I'll try."
She smiled at him and took an apple with her. Suddenly she felt like eating, and the apple was the most delicious thing she had ever bitten into. 

Chapter 9: Rally of Pep
Eric strutted down the school halls toward the gym for the pep rally. He had been waiting for this moment since school started: his first date with Zarah. At least he considered it a date. He hoped that by the end of the pep rally she would look at it like that too. But, there would be no date if he couldn't find her. Zip gave a soft coo in his ear, letting Eric know that she saw Zarah.
He waited for his teacher to look away and dashed over to her line without being seen or heard.
"Where's Eric?!" His teacher cried out from down the hall over the clamor of conversation.
Eric snickered while his teacher continued to look for him frantically.
Zarah heard his laugh, turned and jumped when she saw him.
"It's ok," he chuckled.
"How did you do that?"
"Well, Zip helped a little."
She shook her head.
"Like she did in the cafeteria?"
"You're a smart cookie."
"I know. Thanks. They'll find you over here eventually."
"I couldn't care less. I knew you wouldn't ditch, so I'll take one for the team. I know you don't like getting in trouble."
"Who said we were a team?" she asked. 
"Your red cheeks are doing all the talking for you."
She managed a smile as they walked up the bleachers to sit.
"So why aren't you singing or dancing at this one?"
She blushed again.
"You like to watch me?"
"Yeah. You have a great voice too."
"Thanks."
"You're too modest. You out perform nearly every girl in your company, even the older girls, and you sing better than everyone in choir."
She smiled.
"I work pretty hard." 
"I bet."
"And I'm not performing because we have football or something coming up. Cheerleaders and band get the spotlight today."
"Would you come see me if I played? Eric asked. "I've thought about it."
"Yeah!" she said. "I mean, yeah. Of course."
Eric smiled. 
"Hey, do you have your IPhone?"
"Hey," she said, trying to mimic Eric's low voice. "Do you have your pick?"
Eric shook his head and laughed.
"I'm not sure how I should take that."
She ran her open palms over his round afro like it was a fragile glass globe.
"I've become quite taken by it, actually. It flirts with me when you're not looking. Did you know that?"
Eric laughed.
"So, as much as I love talking about my awesome hair? I was wanting to get to know you a bit."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah. Why don't you cue up your favorite song on it and let me listen with you?"
"I? didn't bring my buds."
"It's cool. Zip will make sure no one sees us." 
"Ok, well there are too many to pick just one. That's why I have a Favs playlist."
"Well, let's hear it then."
She slid them on her head and flipped one of the speakers around so he could lean up against it and listen. She had felt weird about the notion at first, but the warmth of his face next to hers made her feel giddy and anxious inside, like the first time she waited in line to ride a roller coaster, listening to the screams as the car zipped along the tracks, wondering if it would thrill her or terrify her when it was her turn.
They listened to "Cochise" by Audioslave, and Zip made sure no one could see Eric or the fact that they were listening to music.
"They're in my backpack, girl. You know where they are."
"Huh?" Zarah asked.
"Oh, she wanted to know where the nail polish was."
"She paints her nails?"
"Kind of," Eric said. "Most of the time she can't grab the brush to paint herself, and when she finally manages to, it just passes through her feet. Sometimes she's more spirit than animal I guess. But, yeah. She actually has human hands and nails on her webbed feet too. And she can change their color to match whatever shade she likes if she concentrates hard enough. Somehow she always manages to keep gum in her mouth though? it's her favorite thing ever."
Zarah stared at him and wondered why a guy as cool as him wanted to hang out with her. He was so unique and had so much power, yet he was genuinely humble and caring. He was a really great guy. What could she say to impress him like that? Nothing. She sat in silence. Eric wondered why she was being so quiet and hoped she didn't think he was weird. 
"It's so cool you like them," he said after a couple of minutes, pointing at the headphones.
"Chris Cornell is amazing," she said. "This song pays homage to the Apache chief, Cochise. It reminds me of my heritage. That there's something special about me."
Eric laughed, and Zarah thought he was making fun of her at first. Eric saw the anger in her eyes and knew he had to explain himself.
"Zarah you are special. Some people need things like music, movies, books or other stuff to fit into a group, you know? But, you don't need those things to be special. You are the kind of person stories and songs are written about."
Her flush of anger reddened and she felt something she could not express: delight unlike any she'd felt before. She felt faint. Zarah placed her hand by Eric on the bench, to steady herself. He grasped it.
It surprised her and shocked her out of her swoon. She pulled away instinctively. He started to apologize, but before he could Zarah grabbed his hand and pretended to watch the cheerleaders.
"So we are a team then?"
"Shh. I'm trying to watch."
"Oh. Sorry."

Chapter 10: The Zarah Ate my Homework
Zarah unbearably missed Eric: his smile, his poof of hair and his way of talking down her fear and just him in general. Of course there was no reason for her to feel emotional. She had just seen him at the pep rally. She tried to cope with it. She had been with him only moments ago after all, but her need only escalated while her mom drove her to dance class. It left her hot and breathless, even in her white leotard and red shorts. 
What if he didn't really like her? 
What if he was only trying to use her?
What if he was lying about everything and was just trying to make her look like a fool?
Zarah shook her head. Eric cared about her. There was no way he would be so hateful.
"You haven't said a word to me since you got in the car Zarah."
She tried to take deep breaths to slough off her anxiety.
"Zarah?"
"Oh. Sorry mom. I didn't hear you."
"Are you sure you're ok? You look a little pale. It's ok to miss one class every once in a while. Do you want to just head home? I won't be long at my hair appointment."
"Nah. I shouldn't miss class. They're depending on me for choreography."
"I know. I just worry about you. If you're feeling sick let me know. I'll take you back to Dr. Braum's."
"Yeah. I'll let you know."
They pulled into the dance studio's parking lot. Jet stopped at a stop sign and Zarah got out of the car. 
Jet rolled down the passenger side window.
"Love you too!"
Zarah didn't hear her.
Despite dance being one of the only things that ever improved her moods, it did not dry the tears in her eyes or soothe her that evening.
Usually she would lose herself in the music and the choreography, but that afternoon she lost dance. It all felt rigid, emotionless, and disconnected, like she was a puppet: dancing for someone else, for their agenda.
After half an hour she wondered why she was there. She went to the locker room to change in the middle of a routine.
 Her teacher was distracted with a struggling student and did not notice, but if she had, Zarah wouldn't have cared.
She saw bags that belonged to girls she didn't like, no despised. She hated them all she decided, dumped the contents of their book bags into the showers and left their books and homework to soak.
It made her smile. Her anxiety and depression flaked away like dead skin, leaving something raw and new to breathe, something she was unfamiliar with: malice.
She gathered her things, left and called Jet.
"Hey Mom, class is over. Can you come get me early?"
"Uh, well my hair is going to be at least another 45 minutes Zarah. How did you get out so early? Usually you're out late."
"Whatever, Mom. I'll walk."
"That's like twenty minutes or more Zarah."
"I know. Thanks for the reminder. See you later."
"Are you ok?"
Zarah glared at the phone and hung up.
"Never better."
She glimpsed herself in a car window and decided it was time for changes. There was a drug store in the shopping center. She would start there. 
Zarah picked out different boxes of hair dyes, some shears and some make up. Then she took some time to decide on a diversion. 
She walked over to the sodas, checked for any eyes, saw none and tipped over an end-cap of 24 packs. She hummed "Changes" by David Bowie and walked away before employees came from all ends of the store to see what happened.
While they were dealing with the mess she wrapped up the packs of dye, make up and shears in her hoodie and left.
She could not wait to get her prizes home.
Her lip felt wet. She wiped it with the back of her hand. 
Sticky, black snot. 
It didn't alarm her though. In fact, the more she looked at it the more it looked clear instead of black. She didn't think of it again and smiled broadly the whole way home.

Chapter 11: Split Ends
Zarah didn't care if her mom knew, so there was no reason for her to wait for her to go to bed. She went to the bathroom and displayed her loot proudly on the counter.
She heard Jet ten minutes later while she researched funky hair styles on her IMac.
"Zarah I'm home!"
"Joy," Zarah muttered.
"Zarah?" Jet knocked and came in just as Zarah snipped the first huge chunk out of her hair. 
The strands split in the air and floated to the floor, never to be a part of Zarah again. Both Zarah and her mother had never cut more than a few inches off their hair at a time. It was like watching Zarah amputate a limb.
"What in the... Zarah! Your hair!"
"It's just that Mom, my hair. I'm following guidelines and this picture. I think it will be ok."
"Are you mad I couldn't pick you up?"
"No."
"Did something happen at school today?"
"No, the sequel: The No-ing."
"Did that boy say something to hurt your feelings?"
"No part three: I Still No."
"Okay enough sarcasm. What is going on!"
"Just sick of myself I guess Mom," Zarah said as she snipped off more hair. Jet cringed.
"What are you planning on doing with those dyes?" She asked.
"Well, usually hair dye goes in your hair mom."
"Zarah. That is not happening."
Zarah smiled and looked into Jet's eyes before cutting another foot of her black, glossy hair off of her head.
Jet looked at the pile of hair and sniffed.
"Gonna cry Mom?"
Jet shook her head and left the room.
Zarah smiled wider and wiped clear snot from her nose with her sleeve: in reality it was tar black. She did vocal exercises while she cut her hair. She snipped the right side down to a little more than an inch and left longer sections on the rest of her head.
When her hair was to her liking she separated it so she could dye it.
She decided on black hair with vibrant red pieces and a smattering of platinum. While she waited for pieces of it to finish, she wrote in her diary.
Dear Diary,
After reading all my other entries I have decided that I was lame. It is time for me to eradicate all traces of weakness. I love people too much. Love is what makes me weak.
When she wrote that line her lip trembled, and she felt her eyes tear up. She slapped herself, smiled and wiped her nose. She continued writing.
The only person I will ever truly love is myself. I deserve it. Love made me vulnerable. Love was what was making me sad. Now I will make people love me. And when they do I will use them. Instead of love making me give to others, I will use love to make others give to me. I love me. I love me so much.
She felt her lip tremble again as she read over her entry, but a grin soon played over her face. 
The pile of hair on the ground looked like the remains of an animal. In a way, it was. It represented the weak side of herself. Better to be the wolf than to be slaughtered like a sheep. 
"I'm killing myself, but it's not suicide?" she sang.
Her cell phone rang. It was Cadence.
"Yes?"
"Um. Hey. So the ketchup came out. You got me pretty good though.
Zarah frowned.
"Aw. Thought it added a little more color to you."
"So... what are you up to?"
"Cutting my hair off. Dying what's left. Watchin Mom cry."
Zarah giggled.
"What? Zarah do you have some kind of problem?"
"No. Everything is great Cadence."
"The only reason why I am even talking to you is because your mom asked me to Zarah, and I'm starting to regret even calling."
Zarah let out a short laugh.
"So hang up?"
"I will!"
"No. You won't."
"What makes you think I won't?"
"Because? I'm going to."
Zarah smiled, hung up her phone and scratched her itchy back. She took a shower, dried herself off and looked at her hair in the mirror. 
The spiky updo possibilities were endless. The red and platinum matched her red and white bathroom walls: red squares of tile accented by tiles with white autographed sheets of paper covered with a sheen of resin, protecting the paper and holding them to each tile. Each artist's autograph held memories for her, but she knew the memory of recreating herself would be much more nostalgic than any concert experience she could ever have.
She covered her naked body with a towel and considered make up options. She heard her door open and knew it was her mom. It brought another wide smile to her face.
"Did Cadence make you feel..." Jet sighed when she saw her hair.
"Better? No. Because I feel great as it is Mom."
"Ok. Ok, Zarah."
"Mom, if I need help I will ask for it."
"Ok. I... I like your hair."
"Don't patronize me."
"No. I really do."
"Whatever Mom."
She saw Jet shudder as she fought the urge to weep. She left Zarah alone.
Zarah giggled. She had never felt so happy.
She decided there was one person that was worthy of her friendship: Eric. She called him.
"Hello?"
"Hey there handsome."
"Um. Zarah?"
"Yes sir. How are you this eve?"
"This eve has been goin just fine? hang on Zip is trying to tell me something. What girl? What?"
"Is? something wrong?" Zarah asked.
"Um. No. Not at all."
"Well, I want to see you tomorrow morning first thing in the cafeteria okay? Meet me at the front around 7:30?"
"Zip be quiet!"
"What's she saying to you," Zarah growled.
"Um. Nothing. She's just excited at night. Frogs are nocturnal after all. Yeah I'll see you then. Bye."
He hung up.
Zarah smiled. Eric and Zip were afraid of her now, good. Everyone should fear her a little. She fell asleep contemplating how she could fulfill that wish.
Zarah's vision dimmed like something gradually sucked all the light of the world away, leaving only darkness. She could not move. Something smelled revolting. It was there with her.
"Leave me alone!" she yelled.
"Quiet," a soft female voice said. "You do not need to worry. You are special. So very special to me."
"What the hell do you want with me?"
"You and I are meant for fantastic things," she breathed. "Things beyond your imagination."
"Then why are you treating me like this? It makes me feel like you want to hurt me."
It laughed. Warm, foul saliva drizzled onto Zarah's face.
"Zarah, dearest Zarah. It is because I do want to hurt you."
Zarah struggled and screamed. 
She woke drenched in sweat and fear, but her terror quickly subsided.
Darkness comforted her, and the dank aroma around her felt almost motherly. She smiled at her name being whispered in her ear as she drifted back to sleep.

Chapter 12: ...And I'm Feelin Good
Zarah wailed as she rummaged through her clothes the next morning. She hurled them around the room, stomped on them and would have burned them if she had, had the time. But, she didn't. She had to get ready for school, and she had nothing to wear. Well, nothing she wanted to wear anyway.
"Zarah what happened! Is everything ok?" Jet had a hard time looking at her without tearing up.
Zarah smiled at her mom's unkempt hair and appearance. Obviously she had been up crying all night.
"I hate my clothes."
Zarah continued to tear things off of hangers and out of drawers.
Her mother didn't know how to respond.
"Maybe you can wear something of mine?" Jet suggested.
"I want to wear black today. Except for my shoes. I want them to be red."
"Well you have all shades of red shoes... Let me see what I have."
"Ok. I'm going to work on my make up."
Jet stopped in the doorway.
"Your... make up?"
"Yep."
"Is there a boy you're trying to impress?"
"No."
"Because you really shouldn't have to try that hard. You're wonderful as you are Zarah."
"This isn't about boys Mom. Could care less about them. Especially Eric."
"Eric?"
Zarah scratched her bite.
"You should stop messing with that... It looks like it did the first day you had it! Are you running a fever?"
Jet tried to touch her forehead. Zarah smacked her hand away and almost knocked her off her feet, startling her mother with her strength and agility. Jet rubbed the red mark on her hand left by Zarah's slap. She sat in the corner by Zarah's door and stared at her in disbelief.
"No Mom. Can you back off so I can finish this? Have to start walking soon."
Jet stood up, red faced and breathed in and out in an attempt to maintain her patience.
"Why would you need to walk?"
"I want to take the bus today."
"Zarah, you know we can talk about anything."
"Mom. I need those clothes."
Jet sighed and left the room.
When she came back Zarah looked unrecognizable, like she was going to a far away kingdom of necromancers and vampires to become their beloved empress. Her hair was pieced in spiky portions all over her head, except for her bangs which framed one side of her face.
"I? found this skirt," Jet said, taken aback.
"Cool, thanks. I can wear it with this black top I guess. I'll need to get some clothes after school, so I'll be back late."
"You're going to wear an undershirt with that I hope? that neck dips really low. You don't want me to come along with you? How are you going to buy the clothes?"
"I'll figure it all out Mom."
Zarah finished dressing and folded up her skirt several inches, exposing her brown, long, lithe legs. 
"There."
"Definitely a different look for you."
Zarah smiled at Jet's stunned expression.
"See ya Mom."
Zarah collected her things and left Jet with tears in her eyes. She couldn't wait to see everyone else's reaction. She prayed that Jet was going to call her dad and get him as angry as possible. In fact, she knew it was going to happen. Her mother would find her words within the hour, but Zarah would be deaf to them. She put her headphones on and chose her Muse playlist. 
"It's a new dawn... it's a new day... it's a new life for me..." she sang.
When Zarah stepped on the bus everyone stopped talking to stare at her.
She had hoped for the attention. She took her time, swaying her hips to her Muse song and enjoyed every prying eye on her. Pride swelled within her, warmed her and gave her confidence she had never felt in her life: a sense of identity she could only describe as enlightenment. She finally felt like she had become "Zarah". This is who she had been trying to find her whole life, and now she would never let herself go.
She walked to the very back of the bus and stared at the girls who usually sat there until they moved. She sat, stretched out and felt comfortable but anxious for more attention.
She couldn't wait to get to school.

Chapter 13: Black is the New White
Eric waited for Zarah in the cafeteria and saw her before she saw him. Her new look completely enamored him, and he did not want to stop checking her out. Zip chirped in his ear twice to get his attention.
"What do you mean it's not her," he whispered.
He watched her walk and smile and knew whoever this was, it was not his friend.
He ducked under the table until she passed by and left the cafeteria.
"Ok Zip. What are you so afraid of?"
Zip let out a low mournful cry.
"It's the thing? The one that's following her?"
Zip nuzzled him.
"It looks like it's a part of her? Can you do anything to help?"
"Eric!"
Zip cooed a warning, urging him to walk faster.
"Eric, wait up!"
Eric stopped. 
"Hey."
"Heya," she said and gave him a tender hug.
As she held him he felt uneasy. He smelled something awful that made him gag: rotting animal sprinkled with bad egg. Anxiety augmented into fear: terror unlike any he had experienced before.
"Shaking from excitement?"
"Mmhm," he said, holding back his vomit and trying to back out of her embrace. She only held him tighter.
He swallowed, on the brink of throwing up, and just as he thought he couldn't stand it any longer, the smell was gone. 
"So you look... interesting today," he said with a trembling voice.
"Good or bad? I missed you."
"Yeah. I missed you too."
Zarah smiled and hummed softly in his ear.
"So I have to head to homeroom Zarah, but I'll see you in English."
Eric tried to smile, but could not shake the sick feeling Zarah had instilled. 
"Is something wrong?"
"No, no. Just have to go. I'll see you later."
"Ok."
Zarah watched Eric walk away and wanted to cry, but she couldn't. She could just smile and adjust her bra. She walked back into the cafeteria to find someone else to flirt with.
A group of Juniors whistled at her. She strutted over to their table and let them talk about how hot she was and smiled while one guy played with her hair. 
"Mind if I sit?" she asked and dropped herself onto one's lap. 
He stroked her supple legs. Inside she felt completely disgusted, but the feeling soon disappeared and glee replaced it.
Excitement like she had never known palpitated within her. She ginned and looked around. Girls had taken notice. She could tell by their jealous, bewildered faces. She gave them all a sly smile, letting them know she was confident, letting them know the attention was all hers. She hoped the boy's girlfriends were watching. She hoped for anger and chaos.

Chapter 14: Marking Territory
The rest of the day was exhilarating. She loved to flirt, and she loved guys: she loved the attention. As she walked down the hall towards English, a group of girls stood in her path and shoved her against a locker.
"Saw you this morning hanging out with my guy," one said.
"Yeah, and mine said you were funny in his class," another said.
"Sounds like you two should figure that out. Wearing less make up and hotter clothes might help."
One held her up against the gray metal lockers.
"If you want your guys to stay your guys, release me. Because I can tell you if I had actually tried to seduce them they would be my guys now. Both of them."
The girls laughed at her, and the one who held her balled up a fist. Zarah gripped her wrist as her blow fell, twisted it and pushed her up against the lockers, leaving a dent.
She marveled at her new strength and reveled in the girl's sobs.
"Remember what I said."
Zarah let her fingertips slide against the other girl's arms as she passed by them.
"Bye girls."
She gave the girl against the lockers a victorious grin, strolled into the nearby bathroom, sat on the toilet and peed.
Someone stomped into the bathroom.
"Where are you!" the girl yelled.
Zarah smiled as she wiggled back into her jeans.
"Here!" she called and opened the door for her.
She charged Zarah. 
Zarah turned, stepped aside and angled the girl. Her momentum sent her head splashing into the toilet. She submerged the girl in the yellowed water until she felt satisfied.
She pulled the girl up by her soaked brown hair and waited for her to cough up the mix of urine and water. They stared at each other.
"I won't be seeing you again, will I?"
"No."
Zarah smiled.
The girl's friends were watching and gave way for her on her way to the sinks.
Zarah washed her hands thoroughly.
"Girls, always remember to wash your hands well after dealing with trash."
 She dried them with the air drier and left the bathroom for class.

Chapter 15: Guilty, no Plea
Eric had been dreading English all day and now he sat in his spot waiting: waiting for whatever was coming.
He saw a drenched girl stumble out of the bathroom. Zarah followed shortly after and watched her walk away with a virulent grin on her face.
Eric wished he was as invisible as Zip.
Zarah came in.
He felt her hands on his shoulders. His heart pounded harder than it ever had in its life. He wanted to run as fast as he could to the office and just stay there for the rest of the day, but he knew if he did Zarah would just come after him. He looked for Zip: she was cowering in the far corner of the room, trembling as much as he was.
"Hey Eric," she said.
"Oh. Hi."
"What, you don't like my rubs?"
"No no. Feels nice. Class is about to start. We can write notes if you want."
"I was thinking I'd pull up next to ya," she said.
"Uh."
Zarah grabbed her desk and moved it with ease next to Eric's.
"Do you work out or something?"
Zarah laughed and went into a coughing fit.
"You alright? You have some black stuff dribbling out of your mouth."
"So Eric... did you miss me?" Zarah said and took a small black cloth from her backpack and wiped her mouth.
"Guess you're feeling better? No nightmares?" Eric asked and tried to imagine Zarah was not caressing him with her eyes.
He felt her nails lightly scratch his back. Even though the gesture was coming from her, and it felt good, he gripped his desk as if a black hole was about to open above him.
"No? had great dreams? about you."
"Zarah. Class has started," Ms. Herd said.
"Oh, thanks for the reminder."
Ms. Herd raised an eyebrow.
"Feeling snippy today?"
"Quite possibly."
Ms. Herd shook her head and began her lesson.
The discussion was over some novel. Zarah didn't really care about it. 
"So what do we think about this character?" Ms. Herd scanned the classroom. "Chris."
Chris was giggling with his friends about something and didn't hear her.
"Chris," she said louder.
"Uh. Yes ma'am."
"Hey," Zarah whispered to Eric.
"Hey?"
"Didn't he make fun of you a few weeks ago?"
"I'd say most of the people here have. One way or another."
"Chris what do you think about this character?" Ms. Herd asked again.
"Uh? I didn't do the reading ma'am."
"Big surprise there," Zarah interjected. "When was the last time you read a book?"
"I? uh?" he said, his face turned red.
"Zarah, that is enough," Ms. Herd said.
"Probably since before the 360 was released right? And that's the reason why both your thumbs have larger muscles than your arms?"
Chris covered his head with his hands.
"Zarah, enough," Ms. Herd said.
Zarah quieted for five minutes. Chris was called to the board to diagram a sentence.
"Watch this."
She sharpened the point of her pencil with a tight, wide grimace of a grin and somehow broke the end off like she was snapping off a piece of a twix bar. She licked her lips hungrily. Eric thought he saw a tear fall from her eye before she used tape to secure the small spear on Chris' seat. 
"No Zarah!" Eric whispered.
Eric heard her teeth grind and her jaw pop as her smile extended a little further, crossing the threshold of normal into the unnatural.
Eric stood up to get the pencil. Zarah made a grab for him, missed his arm and snatched a handful of shirt up instead. She pulled. 
He yanked free, fell forward, and pierced his right palm on the pencil when he tried to catch himself. 
Zarah ran to him, and took up his hand with a concerned look on her face. When his blood fell upon her, she smiled again and let her tongue taste it, watching Eric all the while with wide, ravenous eyes.
Eric snatched his hand away. When his frightened eyes met Zarah's, she came back for just a moment and noticed all eyes were on her.
"To the office," her teacher said, emphasizing each word.
"What if I refuse, Ms. Heffer?"
Ms. Herd's face flushed and Zarah smiled. Ms. Herd crossed her arms over her portly body.
"I, I," her teacher shuddered. She took a deep breath. "I've heard enough out of you today!"
"I think I can speak for all of us Ms. Herd when I say we have heard enough out you. Seriously."
"Out!"
She picked up the room's phone and dialed.
"I have Zarah Cloud coming to see you. She will explain her uninhibited, extreme behavior to you when she arrives. No. I am not fine!"
Zarah laughed.
"Get the hell out of my classroom!"
"Fine. I'm going. Sorry about your hand Eric."
He waved with it as she was leaving and saw it didn't have a scratch on it. Only a little blood remained.
"How did you do that?" Zarah gaped.
Ms. Herd threw her bag out, and Zarah caught it easily, slinging it over her back.
Zarah skipped down the hall and had a smile on her face even though tears fell from her eyes. 
Zarah happened to see Cadence through the tall, paned glass wall that separated the main atrium from the library. She was in trouble already so what did it matter? She took a minute to make sure her makeup wasn't running and went inside.
Cadence was sitting at one of the many large round wooden tables reading a book. Zarah crept up behind her.
"Haa!!!" She yelled.
Cadence jumped out of her seat.
"Zarah! Get away from me. What the hell are you doing in here."
"Got a mouth on your today huh?" Zarah teased.
"I don't want to talk to you."
Zarah plopped down on the table and took Cadence's book from her, a Twilight graphic novel.
"Isn't this a little under our reading level?"
Cadence snatched it back.
"Leave me alone. Your hair looks like crap by the way. Goes with the rest of you now."
Zarah glowered at her, bent down and stared at Cadence, inches from her face.
Cadence's ears popped. A sound like metal vibrating near her ears could be heard throughout the library. Other students and the librarian looked around anxiously as the sound intensified. The high glass wall separating the library and the school's atrium wobbled. Cadence ran out of the library, and the sound ceased. 
Zarah blinked and dabbed at the black snot running from her nose. She looked inside the cover to see if the graphic novel was checked out to Cadence. It was and was due in a couple days. She went around the corner of a bookshelf where no one could see her, ripped the pages out and took the cover with her when she left. She threw it in a trash can on the way to the office. 
Why had Cadence made her so angry? She was insignificant: she shouldn't feel any emotion towards her but indifference.
She scratched her bite and walked into the office.
"Can I help you?" The secretary said. Her eyes grew enormous when she recognized Zarah. "What in the name of J.C. have you done to yourself Zarah?"
"I'm just growing up I guess."
"Sit down there. What took you so long to get here from class?"
"I had to make a pit stop."
"I see. Ms. Tran should be with you shortly."
The principal opened the door.
"Come in Zarah."
Zarah grinned. She skipped into her office, sank into the chair in front of her desk and spun around in it.
"Zarah this can go one of two ways. You can take this meeting seriously, or I can throw you out now."
Zarah stopped spinning.
"So you have something you want to tell me?" Zarah asked.
Ms. Tran sat down at her desk.
"It's more of something that I want to ask you. A girl came to me today and said you soaked her face in your urine for almost a minute. Is that true?"
"Yes. Did she also tell you that she and her friends threatened me?"
"No. She didn't, but I believe you. She is known for activity like that. But you aren't Zarah. You could have drowned her. You would have ended up in JUV. Is that what you want?"
Zarah smiled.
"I only did what I felt was right." 
"You've undergone some kind of metamorphosis it seems. I've never seen you this malicious or belligerent." 
"Sure, you can call it that. Fitting actually. Popped out of my cocoon."
"Is this? new Zarah going to be a permanent change?"
"If I can help it ma'am; this will be only the start."
"I see. I called your mother. She told me that you've been going through some hard times at home. She said she felt like counseling would help you. I'm going to put you on academic probation and set up a schedule with our counselor for you."
"That isn't going to work. I have no interest in such things."
"Well if you do not express interest in improving your behavior, I will not express any interest in keeping you at this school."
"Well, there are other schools."
"You're right there are. I'll give your mother a call and explain the situation to her. I'll give you both seven days to come to a decision. If I don't hear from either of you by that time you will be expelled."
"Well, are we done here?"
The principal frowned.
"You may leave."
Zarah stood.
"Wait outside my office. I am going to call your mother to come and pick you up."
"Don't bother, I'll take the bus."
"Fine. I'll get security to escort you to detention. You will spend the rest of the day there."
"That won't be necessary."
"It will. You have been more than a problem today. Downright devilish. Good day."
The principal slammed the door.
Part of Zarah wanted to cry and wanted to apologize, but most of her enjoyed the principal's anger and the prospect of her mother's disappointment.

Chapter 16: Curtain Call
On the bus Zarah helped the bullies bully until that was boring, and then she bullied the bullies.
By the middle of the bus ride everyone feared her. They left several seats open around her and cowered: too afraid to even whisper about her. At that point Zarah decided it was time to break the silence with a performance.
She put her headphones on and stood up and sang: "Like a Virgin" until the bus driver was so annoyed that she physically removed her from the bus.
It was fine. She wanted to walk anyway. She checked her hair and clothes in the windows of a parked car. She noticed some of her hair had fallen down. She messed with it a bit but couldn't get it to look the same, sighed and continued her walk. She needed something to do, someone to mess with, but there was no one. Sadness overtook her minutes after.
Jet was sitting on their porch with her hands on her face sobbing. That made her feel better, much better.
"Hi Mom!"
"Zarah."
"Yep."
"Sit down."
"Ok."
Jet had been crying nearly all day. She hadn't changed out of her pjs from the night before. Her face was red and swollen, especially under her eyes. Zarah only smiled broader.
"Your behavior today was unacceptable."
"Yes. But, it was such fun," Zarah said. "Never been more liberated in my life."
"Is this something that is going to continue then?"
"You betcha. I intend to have as much fun as possible."
"Alright. Well you can expect to be in military school in a few days."
"What?"
"I cannot tolerate this. It is hard enough with your father gone most of the days out of the year. He agrees with me. And, he won't talk to you. He is furious. I have never heard him so angry."
Tears came from Zarah's smiling eyes.
"How exciting."
"Well. Get inside. You're grounded until you leave."
"Mom.... I don't want to leave."
"Zarah..."
"No. I'll be better. I promise Mom."
Zarah went to a coughing fit and spit up a glob of black.
"Oh my god. Zarah."
She felt Zarah's forehead.
"I need to take your temp, now."
"No!"
Zarah tried to run. Jet managed to grab her and pull her inside.
"Zarah what is your problem! Why didn't you tell me you were having a relapse!" 
"I'm fine. Let me go!"
"No you're not. Settle down!"
Zarah threw up and curled up on the floor.
Jet scooped her up and laid her on the couch.
"Bbblanket," she said through chattering teeth.
She brought a blanket and a thermometer.
"Almost 105...stay here. You need ibuprofen. Now."
That was the last thing Zarah heard before she blacked out.
Zarah woke up on the couch. Jet sat next to her.
"Hey you."
"Hey Mom."
"Your fever broke. Feeling ok?"
"Yeah much better, Mom. About earlier. I'm sorry. I'll do the counseling or whatever."
"I was hoping you'd change your mind. I'll call the principal in the morning."
"I should apologize to her... she was so pissed."
Zarah cupped her face in her hands and shook her head.
"I'd give it a few weeks," she held one of Zarah's hands. "Do your sessions and then apologize. I think she has you set up every other day for a month."
Zarah sighed.
"My head hurts mom."
"Just relax. Don't move too much. You threw up something nasty earlier."
Zarah scratched her back.
"Does your bite still itch?"
"Yeah. Yeah it does."
"Ok. Well I'll give you some allergy meds and some cortisone. If your fever goes back up like that with that Ibuprofen in your system we're going to the hospital."
"I'm tired mom."
"Ok. Need some help to your room?"
"No. Going to sleep here tonight."
"Ok. I'll be right back."
Zarah smiled. She thought she heard her name. She opened her eyes and sat up. The living room was dark. 
"Mom?"
"Zarah. Please come back to me."
Zarah opened her eyes and saw a dark form leaning over the couch watching her. It leaned closer until it was by her cheek.
She screamed.
Jet rushed back into the room.
"What is that smell!" she said.
She held Zarah tightly.
"It'll be alright."
Zarah clung to her and couldn't stop crying.
She could feel its breath and could see it in the 65 inch flat-screen in front of the couch. It looked like the dark figure of a voluptuous woman. Tendrils wavered all around her form. Zarah could not tell if they were tentacles or hair. Some of them stroked her, chilling her skin.
She buried her face in Jet's embrace.
"It's here Mom."
She blinked. It vanished, but the cold remained.
 "It's ok," her mom said.
"No. It's still here."

Chapter 17: Familiar Faces
Zarah opened her eyes. She was in a small, lit room, but she could not find any lights. It was as if the glass walls themselves produced light. Glass stretched above her and around, separating her from darkness. She walked up to the glass, and when her face neared it she saw the monster. She jumped back. So did it. She walked forward slowly, so she could see her tormenter for the first time.
Its enormous, smooth black face came back into view. Tentacles writhed around its head constantly. It had lidless, black bulbous eyes, but other than that the face looked feminine. Its nose looked familiar as did her lips. 
Zarah realized they were hers. 
They were her mom's. 
She was sure that if she had seen her grandmother recently they would look similar to hers too. She opened her mouth to see if it would mimic her to compare their teeth.
When the black lips parted, she saw a large beak beneath it open as well, revealing a maw of shark's teeth. Red pincers extended from its throat and clacked furiously, white curved stingers were on their ends, dripping with some kind of black venom.
Its breath fogged the glass. 
They stared at each other for what felt like hours.

Chapter 18: Repression
Zarah woke in the morning in a sweat and knew it was still there, still a part of her, but for some reason it held back and waited for the opportune time to strike again. 
After stripping her bed, she took her clothes to her hamper in her bathroom. She opened the door and saw herself in the mirror: a mess of disheveled tri-colored hair and smeared make-up. It looked like black and blue blood was spilling from her eyes and neck. She looked away and felt her lip tremble. She looked back at her reflection, and her sadness sputtered out of her. She let herself cry for five minutes and then showered, scrubbing the make up off her face and neck. She dried her hair and looked at her work.
"The hair isn't too bad I guess?" she said.
She tried to comb it over to hide the shorter, platinum side but couldn't make it look right. So she gave up, got some product and made a side hawk, dousing it with hair spray to hold it.
She dressed and then went downstairs to see her mom: she could smell breakfast cooking.
Jet was standing over their white stove cooking eggs, bacon and pancakes.
"Good morning Mom," Zarah cracked, and tried to clear her throat.
Jet yelped, dropped her spatula and clipped her skillet's handle with her head when she stood back up, spilling half-cooked pancakes all over the tile.
"Oh Mom? I'm sorry. I'll get a towel to help clean it up."
Zarah ran to the laundry room to get a cloth and found Jet standing behind her when she turned around.
Jet hugged her close and squeezed her like she hadn't seen her in forever.
"Mom. I love you too. Is everything okay?"
"It is now honey. You seem so much better today. Your counselor had told me it would take a little while for you to come back, and I'm so glad you did."
"What do you mean Mom? I've been here the whole time?"
"Zarah, this month has been so hard for us. You've been suspended several times, we almost sent you to military school."
"I remember that. That was yesterday. I threw up all over the place."
"That was over three weeks ago Zarah. You've been seeing a counselor at school and our doctor prescribed you some stronger meds to help with your sleeping problems. They said if you got good sleep for a little while maybe everything would improve. I'm so happy to see you."
"It's been almost a month... What?" Zarah asked. "I need to sit down Mom. I feel really dizzy."
Zarah fell into Jet's arms, and she carried her to the couch.
"Zarah are you okay?"
"Yeah. I just? I just can't stand up right now. I feel like jello."
"Do you need to stay home?"
"No. It's early. I feel a little better now. I'm going to just eat breakfast and drink something. Then you can take me. Even if I'm late, I want to go."
"Okay honey. I'm sorry that I can't stop smiling. It's just so good to have you back."
Zarah smiled back at her mom.
"It's good to feel like myself again."
"I'm going to make your breakfast for you and then call your Dad okay?"
"Dad's still gone?"
"Yeah. Well, I guess technically he came home for a few days and then left again, but it feels like he's been gone awhile."
Jet cleaned up the pancake mess in the kitchen and started cooking, humming songs while she did. 
"Mom, why don't I remember time passing by like it did?"
"The counselor and your doctor suggested that you might repress and to expect it. I don't want to freak you out, but you were a different person."
"So? I have multiple personality disorder?"
"Maybe. I don't want to say that for sure. But, that might be why you don't remember. But, honestly Zarah if what we've been doing has brought you out of it, we're just going to keep moving forward. Thank you, God. I needed some hope," Jet said while she plated Zarah's breakfast.
Zarah closed her eyes and tried to breathe in and out slowly, trying to calm herself down before she screamed. How had this happened to her? Why couldn't she remember the last month of her life? Was Eric mad at her?
"Eric," she said out loud. "I need to call him."
"He's been calling to check on you. I haven't met him yet but he seems like a nice boy. Cares about you a lot."
Zarah blushed. Her mom giggled at her, came over and hugged her.
"It's nothing to be embarrassed about. In fact I've been urging him to see you in the mornings. You don't remember seeing him?"
Zarah shook her head.
"Well, just go to school today and give him a big hug. Just use this opportunity to start over. I think that's what we all need to do. If you can do it, I can too. And I'm sure your Dad and Eric will be on board. But, try to make amends with Cadence too. She's checked on you a few times even though I know she's really upset."
"Oh my god. You're right? I'll see her today. We need to go Mom," Zarah said and finished her breakfast.
"You're not going to put make up on or anything?"
Zarah glared at Jet.
"Okay, okay. Let's go." 

Chapter 19: Topsy Turvy
Even though Zip warned him, pleaded with him, and now struck him repeatedly with her small infant-like hands, Eric waited for Zarah. Eric didn't even know what he was hanging on to. Calling it hope was way too optimistic. They were delusions, and he was sick of them. Zip knew like he did that today wouldn't be different than any other day. 
Zarah would come inside, wave at him, or smile or wink and then flirt with older guys. He would see her bully people or hear about some mischief she was involved in up until English, and then she would massage his shoulders and try to sit by him until Ms. Herd sent her to the office.
He saw her come through the school door and felt his heart jump. Zip made a gurgling sound that was the human equivalent of a sigh and shook her head.
She saw him almost immediately and smiled.
He could see plainly that a part of her had returned: a large piece of Zarah that he had not seen for nearly a month. 
"Hey. You look a little better today."
"I feel a little better."
"Well good. We missed you."
"I wanted to say sorry for everything. I don't know how to make it all better. Want a hug?"
"A hug is a good start I think. Missed those."
Zarah laughed and gave him a big hug, looked into his eyes and kissed his cheek.
"Um."
"Thought you deserved a little more than a hug."
He felt his face get hot and dizziness overtook him, he felt weak and nearly fell on top of her.
"You okay?"
"Yeah. Yeah sorry. I'm just really happy to see you."
Zarah looked downward.
"I don't know what's going on with me Eric, but I feel like I lost a little bit of myself every day until today."
"I felt that way too."
"Well. I promise it will change."
"That's good enough for me. Hey, if you want to keep wearing those skirts and stuff its cool with me though..."
"You're such a boy..." she shook her head at him and tried not to smile.
Zarah tried to keep her promise, but choir had been a nightmare, and for the first time she considered quitting. It just hadn't felt the same. No amount of practice or patience would bring her voice back after letting it go for so long.
She thought about what she had done to her company. Had she done anything worse during her black-out weeks? Was it even worth it to go back?
She almost wished she could black-out again and leave all her questions behind. Life had been so much simpler.
School itself felt meaningless, and Zarah weighed the pros and cons of dropping out and getting a GED and maybe taking a break before sending out college applications.
In English, she found out Ms. Herd had separated her from Eric and everyone else. She had a desk in the corner, just like Eric. Life felt like a race course, and she was running in circles for everyone but herself. All she wanted to do was get back home and take some time out to cry.
Then, it was lunchtime.
The lunch line seemed endless that day and the food looked bland. Zarah felt like something meaty, but all they had was slightly burnt hamburger, and it did not look appetizing.
"So... gonna order something?" A volunteer senior server asked. She looked sweaty and uncomfortable in her apron and hairnet.
"Yeah. Can I have a cheeseburger please?" Zarah asked.
"Sure."
She reached down to get a burger from a warming tray.
"No!" Zarah said more forcefully than she has expected to.
The senior raised an eyebrow.
"Changed your mind."
"No. I want a fresh burger. Not an overcooked lukewarm piece of crap. Okay?"
"I don't think I can help you."
"You don't even get paid. You're not a real employee. All I want is a decent lunch. Is that going to be a problem?"
The senior looked angry.
"Listen cockatiel," the girl said. "You can either order something now or starve. I don't care. But if you talk to me like that again, I'm going to get you in trouble."
Zarah grabbed the girl and nearly pulled her over the counter. She looked afraid. Zarah smiled.
"I'll ask them to make a fresh one."
"Great," Zarah let her go. "Half a pound. Medium rare."
"What?"
"Half a pound. Medium Rare."
"Ok. Ok."
When she saw the juicy burger saliva dribbled down her chin. She didn't even notice. She grabbed the burger, took a bite and savored the tender meat's juices.
"Thank you. Enjoy your meal," the server offered.
She dumped her fries, mac and cheese and fruit into the trash along with the bun and veggies.
She finished the patty before she got to her table and sucked on her fingers.
"What are you doing over here," Cadence said.
"Thought I'd hang out with you?"
"Well think again. You've been nothing but bitchy for weeks. Walking by me in the hall like I don't exist, not to mention the ketchup and everything else. I'm hanging out with my friends Zarah. Seems to me the only reason I was close to you was because I felt like you needed serious help. But, that is not my responsibility."
"You want some mustard to go with that ketchup?"
"You wouldn't."
Zarah wanted to, but she resisted. She threw a closed packet at her friend and walked away.
"Enjoy your lunch," she called.
Cadence threw the packet back and missed.
She felt happier when she looked back and saw Cadence's flushed face and her friends laughing at her.
She caught sight of Eric in line and walked towards him. She felt a hand on her wrist.
"Zarah, right?"
It was the petite girl that belonged to the goth clique. In Zarah's opinion it was the most exclusive group in school.
Her pale face made her blue eyes electric. Zarah had never seen eyes so blue in her life.
"Yes. Hi."
"I'm Serena. I wanted to say thank you. That bully you broke like a wild horse awhile ago used to bother me incessantly, but no more."
She wore a black and red skirt and a black spaghetti strap with a white and red mesh cardigan over it.  Her fishtail braid had a chi-bi Venom hair tie on it. It looked like he was using webbing to shimmy up her braid. 
"I was just standing up for myself."
"Well you stood up for me too and I appreciate that," Serena gave her a tender hug, and lightly scraped her long black nails down her neck. "You're welcome to hang out with us sometime. My friends have a different lunch period than me, but they respect you as much as I do."
She held Zarah's hands and smiled at her.
Zarah blushed and nodded.
"Your hair is cool by the way," she ran her hands through it once. "See you around Zarah."
"Bye."
Zarah's skin felt hot. She had enjoyed Serena's attention, it was nice to be appreciated and wanted.
She looked around for Eric. He wasn't in line, and he wasn't sitting anywhere. Serena was smiling at her while eating some spaghetti, but she had wanted to sit with Eric and actually spend some time with him.
She sighed and went to sit with Serena. At least she wouldn't be alone.
Serena tried to get to know her and asked her about her interests. Even though they seemed to have a lot in common, Zarah could not stay interested in the conversation.
She thought about Eric and how she missed him, and how he probably wanted nothing to do with her now. It was all just so embarrassing.
Zarah looked at the bully and saw her trembling, picking at her food and looking like she could cry at any moment.
Serena followed her interest with her eyes.
"As far as I know she hasn't messed with anyone since your encounter with her."
"I... think I'm going to apologize to her."
"She deserved it Zarah. Her wickedness came back to haunt her."
"She just looks so sad."
"Well if it will make you feel better, go ahead."
Zarah walked over to her, and as she neared she could see her eyes sagged with sleeplessness, and her hair was matted.
"Hey," Zarah said. The girl smelled like she hadn't had a real shower in a week.
The girl glanced up and jumped back.
"Stay away from me!"
"No it's ok. I'm just saying sorry."
"No. I... I don't care just stay away. I promised I wouldn't mess with anyone anymore, and I haven't ok? So please just stay away from me, and stay out of my dreams."
"Your what?"
"My dreams. Stay out! I'm so tired. Just, just leave me alone."
"Ok. I'm sorry..."
The girl seemed like she was zoning out. Zarah wondered what she meant. The situation seemed all too familiar to hers, and she could not stop thinking that their encounter had caused this girl to somehow become cursed too. Cursed: that was a good way to describe what she was. She was starting to accept it.
"What's wrong?" Serena asked when Zarah came back.
"I miss someone. I think he hates me now."
"Why? Because you're expressing who you are? How old are you? 16? 17?"
"I'm a freshman."
"Oh. I thought you were older. My mistake. I'm almost 16."
"Yeah you seem older. Or maybe, more mature."
"Well thanks. Anyway don't feel like you should please other people. Just please yourself," she reached for her hand. "You're cool. You should just stay that way."
"I intend to. I just like him a lot."
"I understand. I'm sure he's not the only person that likes you or could like you though."
"Yeah I know... listen I'm gonna try to find him but, it was good meeting you. I'll see you around I'm sure."
"Yeah! For sure. Say hey when you see us and hangout sometime maybe?"
"Ok. Bye."
"See ya!"
Zarah looked back at the bully and realized the only dream she could recall had happened weeks ago. After that her memory seemed completely blank.
Zarah spent the rest of the day in a haze, wondering about everything she could wonder about: Eric avoiding her, what had changed her so drastically, why she had lost almost a month of her life, the bully and again why Eric was avoiding her.
Her preoccupations earned her a black eye from catching a ball with her face during a dodgeball match in PE. Later, they caused her to hesitate during dance class. When she tried to catch up she kicked her partner in the stomach, making her throw up all over the studio floor. She apologized, said she was exhausted and left for home. 
Apparently she had made a lot of headway with her choreography in her blackout months, but she couldn't remember it herself. The Halloween recital was just around the corner. She would have to practice.
It would be about twenty minutes of running, but she knew she would have the stamina, especially with music playing. She chose a Daft Punk playlist and let the pulsing rhythm lift her feet off the ground and propel her legs forward. She didn't notice she was out of breath until she was at the entrance to her subdivision. She walked the rest of the way and stumbled through the door.
"Home already? Did you run here?"
Zarah put her hands on the back of her head and lifted her chin up. She took deep breaths.
"I guess that's a yes," Jet said. "I'll get you some water."
Zarah gulped down half of the bottle.
"Did you get any calls today?" Zarah breathed and wiped her mouth with the bottom of her shirt. 
"From Eric?" Jet smiled. "No. Did the counselor get in touch with you?"
"Not today." 
Zarah looked at the wood floor of the foyer.
"You remember our agreement right? To see the counselor when he's available?"
"Yeah, Mom. I remember."
"Why the attitude?"
"They're emotions mom. I just lost a month of my life and everything is turned on end. Can we hash this out later? I think I'm going to take a nap."
She walked to the stairs.
"Ok. Dinner will be ready in a few hours."
Zarah closed her eyes tightly and rolled them beneath her eye lids. She was starved.
"You haven't started dinner yet? It won't be ready until after six now."
"Don't try me Zarah. Go upstairs and chill out. Maybe call your grandma. She decided to return your calls today."
"Too little, too late," Zarah muttered.
"What?"
"Nothing."
"Any fever today?"
Zarah didn't answer. She didn't care if she was still sick. She didn't care if her mom and dad hated who she was. Like Serena had said, why should she hold herself back and hide?

Chapter 20: My Monster and Me
Zarah's Mom knocked on her daughter's door, entered and found Zarah asleep.
She checked her fever. Zarah felt warm, but she did not want to wake her. The stink of raw fish struck her nostrils and made her dizzy. She held her nose tightly, but it did not matter. The smell was just as penetrating as if it consciously squeezed through the small spaces between her fingers and into her nose: like it wanted to be sensed.
"She needs a shower... disgusting."
She shook her head and left her daughter sleeping soundly.
Zarah dreamed about taking a walk. 
Cars passed straight through her body leaving her unharmed and undeterred. She walked for almost an hour until she got to the house she was looking for. She passed through the door and ascended stairs to a room and went inside.
She found the bully sleeping there. She walked over to her bed and stood over it. The girl trembled, cried out, opened her eyes and saw her. 
Immediately she jumped up and ran out of the room. Zarah wondered why she was afraid and then felt an urge to chase her. 
She walked towards the door and stopped when she saw the reflection of her naked body in her vanity mirror. She was not herself. 
Her pitch black skin was smooth like a salamander's. It terrified her at first, but only at first. She grinned and saw glinting rows of large, shark-like teeth. Her nails lengthened into claws. She looked out the window and saw the girl running down the street. 
She crashed through the girl's window, littering her yard with a shower of splintered glass and wood. 
Zarah chased her on all fours with tremendous speed that made her heart leap in her chest every time she violently threw herself forward.
The girl heard her coming and screamed right before Zarah pounced on top of her and pinned her down with her clawed hands. She girl squirmed beneath her.
"Please? please leave me alone. I won't hurt anyone again please. I don't want dreams like this anymore."
Zarah let her saliva drizzle on the girl's face.
Zarah's eyes vibrated from the girl's intense screams. Her vision blurred as she leaned down to silence her with her jaw.
Zarah woke and remembered her dream. She cried not only because the curse was still very much a part of her but because she had enjoyed the girls' fear. She had adored every moment of her terror as much as the curse did.
She decided if the counselor didn't see her by the end of the week she would have to find one outside of school. She had to take some kind of action before she completely lost herself again. Urges constantly weighed on her, things that turned her stomach but excited her at the same time. Mischief was not enough anymore. She wanted to hurt people and see their faces contort as pain and fear coursed through them. A warmth filled her body and made her dizzy. She assumed the excitement was the curse's and not hers, but what if she was slowly and inevitably changing herself? What could she do to stop it?
Instead of entering school that morning, she sat outside. She looked up and met the eyes of the bully. The girl looked exhausted. People bumped into her, and she barely mouthed apologies.
Zarah felt guilty and walked up to her with every intention of comforting her as best she could.
Instead, she instinctively grasped the girl's backpack and pulled her to the ground. The girl saw Zarah and tried to scramble away. Zarah blinked and realized what she had done.
"I'm..."
The girl ran.
"Sorry."
"Nice work," Serena said from behind her and placed her arm around Zarah's shoulders.
Her friends nodded in silent appreciation.
"Come sit with us Zarah," Serena said. "Hang."
Zarah saw Eric in the crowd. He turned away when their eyes met.
"Eric!" she called.
He ignored her.
Serena and her friends were impressed with Zarah's music taste and her snarky sense of humor. She enjoyed their company, but kept glancing at Eric who sat in the upper corner of the bleachers with the hood of his black and white Beatles hoodie over his face.
She would make him talk to her somehow. If he wanted nothing to do with her, she would warn him at least, so if she slipped again, he would be ready.
She drafted it all day and finally completed a letter to her liking, but when she reached to pull it out of her pocket it was gone. She knew Zip must have taken it.
She sighed and approached his desk.
"Eric," she said.
He did not look up.
"Eric I need to talk to you. Please don't ignore me."
He didn't answer.
"Eric if you ever cared about me, please, speak to me once more."
"Fine. I will meet you for lunch."
"Thank you."
In trepidation she sat, consumed by dread. She had been coughing all period. Ms. Herd had to pause her lecture and wait for her wheezing to pass twice and looked genuinely concerned.
During a vocabulary quiz she told Zarah to join her at her desk.
"You're looking pale Zarah. Do you need to see the nurse?"
"No ma'am, I am feeling dizzy though."
"If it gets any worse I will recommend you head home, okay?"
"Ok ma'am."
Ms. Herd gave a worried smile.
Zarah hadn't realized how ill she felt until Ms. Herd had mentioned it.
During their quiz the class phone rang. It was the counselor. He would meet with Zarah during lunch.
Zarah let time drift by, she doodled on her vocab quiz and left it on her desk when the bell rang.
Eric was gone already. She ran out the door and caught up.
"Eric what the hell. Thought we were going to talk."
"We won't have time. You're going to your counselor."
"So, listen to what I have to say on the way?"
"Let's hear it."
"I swear this isn't me. I mean I'm me. But I'm having urges."
"Listen. I don't want to hear about your dirty mind. Especially now. You're a monster Zarah."
"That's what I'm trying to tell you stupid. I think that thing that's following me is somehow making me do this."
She coughed.
Eric sighed.
"Zip says she believes you. She has suspected what you just told me for weeks, but every time I have faith in you, you disappoint me. You were my only friend Zarah. I care about you so much, too much."
"Why too much?"
"I... felt safe around you Zarah. You're the only person that makes me feel that way but now... this new you scares me. What if you hurt me? If you ever did..."
"Eric I would never..."
As the words left her mouth Zarah felt it again, this time directed at Eric: hatred, aggression.
"Get away!" she shoved toward a group of students, and he bowled them all over. She saw fear in his eyes as he scampered up and darted toward the lunch room.
Hair stood up all over her body. Though she smiled, tears came through. She tried to hold them back and cried all the way to the counselor's office.
"Glad you decided to come Zarah," the secretary said. "The principal and I have been worried about you." 
"I'm worried about me too."
"Well head on in there. He's expecting you."
Zarah nodded and entered.
The counselor, Mr. Joy, was as his name suggested, very friendly and optimistic, but his words of encouragement meant nothing to Zarah.  She nodded and smiled anyway though like his words were healing her and lighting her darkest places, and he smiled because he thought that was why she smiled. 
Zarah had many appointments after. Every session felt like a facade. Talking about her emotional problems made things better for a few hours at a time, but her urges never really left her. Sometimes she would act on them and sometimes she would resist.
Eric tried his best to maintain distance from her, but his willpower could not conquer his need to care for her.
He needed to know if she was returning to normal. He had seen it happen before, and it could happen again.
Whenever he waved she would only nod at him or give him a half smile. Those smiles made it worth it for him, much to Zip's dismay. 

Chapter 21: Juxtaposition
Watching Zarah with her new friends made Eric intensely jealous. One of them, Serena, enjoyed his pain. Her and Zarah held hands constantly. Whenever Serena noticed Eric's fiery curiosity, she would kiss Zarah's cheeks and make her blush and giggle. He hated how Serena smirked at him while he fumed.
His broken heart blamed Zarah for its pain, and some days he wanted to let that blame lead to disgust so he could move on. Every day just made it worse, but at the end of school no matter how frustrated he felt, he always sat in the same spot underneath the bus canopy. He sat there so he could wave goodbye to her before she got on her bus. Eric knew it mattered to her too. She wouldn't look for him in the crowd if it didn't. She wouldn't smile at him when he waved if it didn't. That flicker of hope kept Eric going.
Zarah had a dance recital that evening: "The Hallow's Eve Spectacle". Even though it had been a typical disappointing day, he felt pumped up about it. He had gone to recitals throughout the year when his Dad would let him, but this one was different. He knew this was going to be an important night for her. It was the recital she had been preparing for since the beginning of the year. She had choreographed most of the dances and was going to perform a duet at the end. 
He had showed up late, hoping she wouldn't see him in the audience, but she noticed him like a bolt of lightning as soon as he set foot in the theater. 
There were enough seats to accommodate an audience of several hundred parents and students. That night, it was hard to find a seat. Yet somehow, she had known he was there. 
Eric wished that Zip had come with him. She wouldn't though. Zarah's presence made her uneasy. Eric told Zip that he felt the same way, but even after everything she had become, he knew that he still cared for her. He wanted Zarah to know that. Zip didn't seem to understand anything past her first instincts. Those were the times that Eric missed Zarah the most. While Zip was special, Zarah would be the one that would complete him. He could not let go of that. He wouldn't.
All of the other dancers were invisible to Eric, and Eric felt like he was the only spectator to Zarah, who kept glancing at him out of appreciation, apprehension, surprise or joy. He could not tell. It made him happy he had come. 
While everyone watched in silent appreciation, he cheered or whooped whenever Zarah pulled off a complicated or unexpected move. He didn't care what everyone else thought. This was her night. This was her recital. No one in the audience could comprehend how hard she had pushed herself. Through the darkness that haunted her and the isolation it had spawned, she had created something beautiful and grand. It amazed him.
Then, it was time for the final dance: her duet set to Evanescence's "Bring me to Life".
The lights dimmed and the music began. Zarah and her partner spun in from either side of the stage. Both of them wore pristine white costumes and mirrored each other's movements. They danced gracefully for the first minute of the song, seemingly joyful.
Zarah's partner leapt for her. Zarah caught her, but instead of smoothing her landing, she hurled her away. Zarah tore her own costume off, revealing a black costume beneath her white. Her demeanor changed. She danced with overzealous movements as if driven by malevolent energy. 
Her calm expression twisted into a grin of malice as she slung her mirror image around when they connected for partner moves. As the dance wore on and her movements grew wilder, her partner looked genuinely afraid. 
The dance ended with her partner scrambling backward and Zarah crawling over her body, sniffing her like she was a nourishing meal. She pulled the girl's hair forcefully, causing her chin to lift back and opened her mouth to gnaw on the girl's exposed throat. 
The song ended, and the lights went out. 
Thunderous applause filled the room.
Eric stood and left. He felt anxious, shaky and terrified. It was as if Zarah had been inspired by her inner darkness, like she was coming to accept it.
He left the auditorium and the school and discovered it was raining outside. He stood underneath the bus canopy for a few minutes and wondered if he should brave the storm or wait it out.
"I can take you home," Zarah said from behind, still in her dance costume.
"What are you... shouldn't you be... I mean... I'm good."
"Uh. No reason for you to get soaked when Mom is coming to get me."
They stood in silence underneath the overhang at the front of the school and waited for Jet. 
"You, uh. Looked great tonight."
"Thanks! I was looking for you."
"You seem normal. More so than usual."
"Yeah, I feel good."
"You've been quite the terror," Eric said.
Zarah's mouth smiled, but her eyes looked sad.
"Lots of people would agree with you."
"I still like you a lot Zarah."
"You know how I feel about you Eric."
"I do?"
She walked up to him and held him close.
"Yes you do. I'll always want to be close to you."
She hugged him, and though Eric enjoyed the gesture, her strength was too much for him.
"You're hurting me."
"Oh. Sorry."
They sat in silence until her mother came.
"Ride with me. Mom, can Eric put his bike on the rack and ride with us? He rode all the way here to see me."
Jet grinned at him.
"Hey Eric. So nice to finally put a handsome face on that deep voice of yours."
"It's nice to meet you, ma'am."
"I see why you like him so much Zarah," Jet said.
Zarah did not answer, but she held his hand the entire time, shaking.
"Are you ok?" Eric asked.
"I don't feel right."
When they reached house she whispered, "Sorry," and squeezed his hand.
"Thank you for the ride home."
"No problem Eric. Maybe we will see more of you soon?"
"I hope so. Have a great night. You did great tonight Zarah. Good night."
Eric tried to move, but Zarah held him fast.
"Bye Zarah," he said, tugging away.
When he stepped out of her reach, she coughed.
"Bye," she coughed out and closed the door.
Eric walked in the house and watched them through the living room's blinds. Zip was on his shoulder in seconds, nuzzling him and chirping excitedly. 
"It's nice to see you too girl, but I want to make sure she's okay."
Zarah wouldn't stop coughing. Jet made a U-turn and sped away.
Zip whimpered.
"I don't know if she's okay. I hope so."
Zarah was not at school the next day.

Chapter 22: Night Terror
Zarah's mom carried her coughing and crying into their home.
"Honey calm down and breathe!"
Zarah's coughing fit threw her into a panic attack. Her heart raced in her constricted chest. No matter how she tried, she couldn't calm herself to take a single, full breath.
"I can't..."
"It's ok! Just breathe!"
"I can't."
"Do you want to go to the hospital!"
"No!" Zarah coughed out.
"Then breathe like me," Jet said and put Zarah's head on her chest. "Slowly."
Her mom held her close and rubbed her back. 
"It's okay," she whispered in her ear. "I'm here. You'll be okay."
As her anxiety attack ceased, she breathed easier a bit at a time. If she took gentle, deep breaths she was able to get a few in her before coughing them out.
"Ok. Now let's check your fever and get you some food. Soup?"
Zarah nodded and scratched her back.
"Honey, why are you scratching your back?"
"It itches again..." Zarah's eyes rolled back into her head and she fell to the ground.
Jet lifted her shirt and gasped at the inflamed welt on her back.
"You're getting sick again..."
She ran to a phone. 
Zarah felt hazy and vomited all over the floor. She drifted in and out of consciousness. Every time she opened her eyes she was somewhere different: her room, the bathroom, the tub and now the couch in the living room. Her mother was by her side every time she opened her eyes. She could smell the curse too. It was with her always.
Zarah shivered beneath her blankets as Jet checked her fever.
"It keeps going up and down... why don't we try a warm bath with some salts to try to open your sinuses."
"Another bath sounds nice, Mom. Mom?"
"Yes Zarah."
"I love you. No matter what, ok?"
"I love you too," Jet managed a tired smile. "I'll let you know when the bath is ready."
Zarah rested on the couch. She was bundled in several blankets but could not warm herself. 
"Okay, come on up!" Jet called.
Zarah could hear her relaxation playlist coming from her bathroom and smiled. She loved her mother so much. She stepped into the steaming bath and did not care about the initial temperature shock. She sank into the hot water. Jet rubbed her shoulders. Zarah closed her eyes and breathed in the steam, letting it soothe her aching lungs.
"Perfect" by the Smashing Pumpkins played in the background.
"Don't worry Zarah," Jet whispered. "Just listen to your music. It's all going to be alright."
Zarah hummed the song and opened her mouth to sing.
"Perrrfect," she sang, but the deep, rumbling voice that came from her throat was not hers. Zarah opened her eyes and saw the black face of her curse reflected in the water. Her lips stretched into a wide smile.
"Perrrfect?" the curse sang again, through her lips and Zarah saw its mouth open in the water simultaneously.
She screamed, jostled water out of the tub and accidentally scratched her mom's arm.
"Ow! Damn it Zarah!"
"Sorry mom. I thought. I thought... I saw someone. Someone dangerous."
"It's fine," Jet said. She turned the light on to look at herself. "I'm bleeding?" she said.
Zarah passed out in the tub, banged her head on the side and slid under the water.
"Zarah!"
Jet pulled her out, made sure she was breathing and held her while she coughed up bathwater.
"You should lay down Zarah."
"No Mom. It will get me. I just know it."
Jet dried her off and wrapped her hair in a towel.
"You need to try to get some rest. I'm going to come right back and check on you after I call your dad. Good night honey."
Jet switched off the lights and left Zarah alone with her fear. Zarah felt herself falling asleep when an itch flared up on her back. She scratched. This cycle continued until it peeled and bled, and though she cried, she could not stop.
Jet came when she heard her cry out. Zarah kept trying to scratch herself despite Jet's attempts to hold her still.
"Zarah you've already taken the max amount of sleep meds I can give you. You have to calm down!"
"Mom, I'm sorry. It itches so much."
"You're hurting yourself Zarah! Just stop!"
"Tie me down mom!" Zarah yelled.
"Are you sure?"
"Yes," she said, still trying to scratch all the while.
"Ok."
Jet walked away.
Every time she touched her back it felt like a needle jabbing her. Her pain sharpened every second and was dwarfed only by the perpetual itch that always seemed just a millimeter beneath where she scratched. She felt like if she could just get a little deeper, she could make it go away. Even with her nerves screaming for her to cease, the itch was impossible to deny.
"Mom, no! Do it now!" she screamed. "With the sheets or something! Then find something else!"
Her mom tied her down through tears.
"I have to breathe for a second Zarah," she sobbed. "I'm sorry. I'll be back to check on you in five minutes."
"I'm sorry mom," Zarah said.
"Me too, baby."
Jet left the room.
Something wet caressed her face in the darkness a few seconds later.
"Zarah."
She tried to shriek, but it tightened something around her throat.
"Shh."
Zarah nodded.
"You are a strong woman Zarah, but it just excites me even more."
Zarah closed her eyes. Her body trembled from fear. She felt a panic attack coming on.
"The fear of the strong willed is the most potent and the most delectable. Everyone fears something."
It nipped her back and she bellowed into its wet tentacle, spraying the air with the mucus that coated it.
"Hmm. Can't taste you yet. But I will. Oh I will."
Jet came back. Zarah breathed heavily and felt her consciousness slipping from all the stress. She was going to pass out at any moment.
"Sorry Zarah I was on the verge of panic myself. I had to calm down."
"Let me sleep with you tonight. Please Mom. Please."
Jet sighed and applied creams to her back.
"Thank you, Mom. Are you going to sleep here?"
"Not tonight Zarah. I'm going to be right down the hall. I would have to sleep on the floor with you tied down like that.
"Mom, I know it's a lot to ask."
"I'll set my alarm to wake me up three hours from now to check on you, okay? I'm just really exhausted. I need to lay down for a bit."
"No, Mom. Please."
"I'll see you soon Zarah. Try to get some rest too."
The door closed and the lights went out. Her itch vanished with the light. She felt something wet and wriggling push through her lips and down her throat.
"You're mine tonight."

**

When Zarah's mom flipped the light switch on in the room later, she noticed the light hung in the air as if penetrating a thick black fog. 
She thought it was strange, but the more she thought about it the more normal it seemed, and soon she didn't remember it at all.
Zarah looked peaceful, so Jet started to untie her. Then she noticed she was already untied.
In reality Zarah screamed, kicked and flung herself against her shackles. Jet heard nothing and saw nothing, for nothing was what the curse wanted her to see. She thought Zarah was finally getting rest and went back to bed herself.
The curse relished the warmth of Zarah's skin in its mouth as it nipped her and wished she could taste her.
The girl's squeals and pleas, and the smelled of salt in the air from her tear drenched face made it a fine night regardless.
Zarah's Mom found her cold and barely breathing in the morning.
Red welts covered her back.
"I thought she was untied! How did she tie herself back up!" 
She unbound her from the sheets, took her temperature and saw it was below normal.
She called 911.
"Grandma..." Zarah moaned.
"Grandma Rose?" Jet asked while she was being connected.
"She can help..."
Zarah repeated that phrase at home while her mother put her in a warm bath, bundled her up and waited for the ambulance. 
Sets of faces flashed before her eyes every time she blinked: paramedics, nurses, doctors and Jet. 
And then, darkness.
She could smell it like its odor was on a breeze. She could hear its shuffling. Its breathing neared her, and its tongue stroked her.
"Mine for a couple hours more it seems," it whispered.
Zarah screamed as she had before. No one heard her.
The next day she heard the hospital phone ring as if it came from the bottom of a ravine and Jet's voice answer it.
"Zarah? Zarah?"
"Hi Mom. I'm awake."
She could see a blurred version of Jet holding the receiver of a phone.
"It's Grandma Rose, sweetie."
"Ok."
She took the phone.
"Hi Grandma."
"Zarah? Are you alright?"
"Hanging in there. I had really bad dreams last night."
Her vision returned to normal, and she felt suddenly lucid.
"Ask your mom to give you some privacy so we can talk."
"Mom, can you give us a few minutes."
"Ok honey."
"She's gone now Grandma."
"Zarah truthfully now. What is going on with you? First you dye your hair..."
"Grandma, I..."
"Child, do not interrupt me!"
"Yes. Sorry."
"Sorry, ma'am," her grandma said.
"Ma'am. Sorry ma'am."
"Better. Your hair? Why your hair child?"
Zarah's shame sputtered out of her in sobs and tears.
"Well?"
"I wanted to."
"And did you want to get in trouble?"
"No. Well yes? And no."
"So a part of you wanted to do it and another didn't?"
"Yeah, actually. How did you know that?"
"I was your age once. Zarah, I have to go tend to something. Look. I know a lot is changing for you right now, but try to remember to respect everyone like you want to be respected ok?"
"Yes ma'am. Thanks for checking on me Grandma. I love you."
"And I love you dear one. I'll check on you again, soon. Bye now."
"Bye Grandma."
"Mmhm," she said and hung up.
Zarah felt happy after talking with Rose, which was rare. She could not remember the last time she had felt so content with herself. Her nurse entered the room.
"Hi," she said "I'm going to give you an anti-inflammatory. It could make you drowsy."
"Please don't. I don't want to sleep."
The nurse smiled and injected it into the IV.
"Mrs. Cloud already approved it. Sorry, have a nice nap Zarah. I'll come back in a while and check on you."
Warm darkness tucked her in and lulled her to sleep. She felt adrift but not lost, more of at peace. She floated in the nothing like that for what felt like hours, days. 
Something touched her face, but she could not move to brush it off. She felt it pull at her eyelids. She wanted to scream out but could not make a sound. Her eyelids were pried open, and she saw it smiling at her. Broken glass hovered around them catching white light that shone from the creature's slick black exterior. 
"Missed you Zarah," it whispered. "I will never leave you again."
It smiled as the glass formed a sphere around them.
"Together as one. As it should be."
Zarah closed her eyes and tried to wake up, but every time she opened them she saw its face and the closing sphere.
It hissed suddenly, and she felt free. She arched herself forward, crashed through the sphere and into the void beyond. The curse behind her looked like a twinkling star.
She opened her eyes, saw a bright light and screamed.
"Calm down Zarah!" A man's voice said. "You're ok. She's stabilizing."
She felt a hand on the back of hers and drew back.
"I'm... glad you're still with us," the doctor said, looking shaken.
"What happened?"
"One of the nurses gave you a sedative that reacted badly. Your blood pressure plummeted, and we almost lost you. You're ok now though. Take some slow, deep breaths. Your mother will be here in a few minutes."
"I don't want to be alone."
"A nurse can stay with you while your mom walks over."
Everyone filed out of the room except two nurses who checked her IV bag and her vitals.
"I can stay with her," one said.
"Alright," the other said. "Take care deary," she said to Zarah.
"We are awake, again," the nurse said when the other had left.
Zarah recognized her as the one that put her to sleep.
"Before you scream look here."
Zarah looked at her hands, she held a syringe in each, one needle poked in her IV.
"In one sleep, the other death."
"I'll sleep," Zarah cried. "I'll sleep."
"You will not disturb anyone this time. This time she will have you."
"Why are you doing this?"
"There are those that are loyal to her."
There was a knock on the door.
The nurse hid the syringes in her shirt as it opened.
"Mom! She was trying to hurt me!"
"What is going on in here," Jet demanded.
"We have her on medicine for her pain ma'am. It's made her a bit loopy. I apologize."
Her mother stared at her for a few seconds and whipped her long black hair up into a bun. The nurse tried to maintain a smile, but Zarah could see her hands shaking. 
"Mom?" 
She stared pleadingly at her mother.
"You wouldn't mind if I confer with her doctor do you?" Her mother stated.
"Of course. If you come with me we can talk to him directly."
"Mom, don't go with her please."
"Honey, we will straighten this out. Don't worry."
Zarah cried.
The woman returned and locked the door.
"Now. Where was I?"
"No! No!"
The phone rang.
The woman picked it up with one hand and struck the syringe in the tube with the other.
"Hello?"
Determination drained from her face. Expressionless, she fell unconscious. The phone hung by its cord. Zarah noticed she had injected some but not all of the medicine.
The phone's beeping grew slow and drawn out and the room became hazy.
She fell asleep.

Chapter 23: Discharge
Zarah opened her eyes to a brown afro and knew it belonged to Eric. She smiled before her groggy eyes saw his face.
"Eric?"
"It's so good to see you awake!"
"What do you mean?"
"Hold on, Let me get your parents."
"What? Mom and Dad are both here?"
They rushed in all smiles and tears.
"Dad? Oh my god, what are you doing here?"
"I came to see you Zarah," he hugged her. "I had to see you."
"I love you both," Zarah said beneath their hugs. "Can someone tell me what's going on?"
"We had been trying to see you for days Zarah," Her dad said.
"I don't even know where here is really. Looks like the hospital."
"You seriously don't remember anything?" Jet asked.
"No."
"They wouldn't let us near you," her dad said. "Not until yesterday. You were having violent seizures and bouts of anger towards the nurses."
"Well, they think one tried to inject you with something." Eric interrupted.
"Eric," Jet said. "Don't freak her out."
"No. What happened?"
"They found a nurse unconscious in your room and a syringe in your IV," Eric continued. "She had another primed syringe full of morphine. The dose would have killed you."
"Is she ok?"
"She hasn't woken up," Eric said. "The nurses I've talked to think you defended yourself somehow. You should sue her ass when she wakes up."
"Eric!" Jet said.
"Split the cash with me!"
"Eric!" Jet said again through a chuckle.
He laughed. "You know I'm almost joking."
"You guys seem like you're getting along," Zarah said.
"Eric begged his Dad to bring him up here, but when he didn't I decided to pick him up myself. I knew he missed you."
"I guess I missed him too?" Zarah grinned at him. "So, when can I get out of here?" Zarah asked.
"Hopefully tonight," her dad said. "We'll know more after your doctor gets in here and actually does something. The nurses keep saying he's backed up in another wing."
"Well, let's give them some alone time Paul," Jet said. Jet looked at him and nudged her head towards the door.
"Oh right. Love you honey."
They left them alone. Eric gave her a tight hug and held her hand, staring into her brown eyes. 
"So I..."
"No, I'm sorry," Zarah said and could not look at him. "I've had no control the past few months."
"I missed you."
"Oh?" Zarah asked.
They looked into each others eyes and kissed.
It caught Zarah off guard at first, but as she gingerly tugged on his large lips with hers, she had wondered why they hadn't kissed sooner. He tried to pull away, but she cupped his cheek in one of her hands and held him there, pressing into him with her lips. This was her first real kiss, and it would last as long as she wanted it to.
Then, Zarah saw her parents watching and pushed him away.
"I'm bedridden! He took advantage of me!"
"Nah. You missed me too," Eric said with a grin. "Can't take that back. Not ever."
He saw the familiar blush color her face and her bashful smile. Knowing it was for him made him feel like the world was theirs.
"Well that's enough alone time for one night," her dad said.
"Zip says you're fine now Zarah. That it's gone," Eric whispered. He squeezed her hand before backing up.
"I have to go to the bathroom anyway. I'll be back in a sec." Eric said.
"Oh you two are adorable together!" Jet said.
Her dad shook his head.
"Mom... please."
A few hours later Zarah was discharged and before she knew it she was home, in her bed, and for the first time in a long time she felt comfortable in it. She didn't fret or fear: the sound of Bjork's voice lulled her closer and closer to sleep. 
"All is full of love," Zarah sang in a whisper and closed her eyes.

Chapter 24: No Joy
It had been almost a week since Zarah had attended school, and she had a ton of makeup work to do. It didn't overwhelm her in the least: her full night of sleep had empowered her. She felt whole again. 
After finishing her daily work she chipped away at her make up pile and finished more than half of it throughout the day. In English she was still separated from Eric, but they were happy to see each other. Ms. Herd told her that if she behaved for a few more days that she could sit next to him. They both looked forward to that. In the middle of class a student came from the office with a note for Zarah.
Zarah opened it:
Zarah I would like to see you today if you are feeling up for a counseling session. Come see me during your lunch period so we can both get to know each other. See you then.
Ms. Winters
Eric gave her a questioning look.
"I'll tell you after class," she mouthed.
He nodded.
She wondered who this new councilor was and what happened to Mr. Joy. He had loved his job and had been at the school since it opened. For some reason she felt like something was wrong. She cued up a song on her IPhone and listened to music while she read their required reading. She tried to participate in the book discussion as much as possible to take her mind off of the impending appointment.
She walked up to Eric's desk after Ms. Herd excused them.
"We have a new counselor apparently."
"Oh yeah? Are you excited to meet him?"
"Her, and, I don't know. I have a bad feeling about it for some reason."
"Oh no. That kind of feeling? Zip hasn't seen it at all today. I was really hoping it was going to leave you alone."
"No, no nothing like that. I just wonder what happened to Mr. Joy. He loved it here."
"Just ask the new counselor about it when you see her."
"I'm going to. Are you going to walk me there?"
"I would but I have to let Zip out so she can go to the bathroom. She can't hold it."
Zarah smiled.
"It's okay. If I don't see you later call okay?"
"Okay."
She hugged him and kissed him on the cheek.
He giggled.
"I didn't know your voice could get that high," Zarah said.
"Enough of that now?" Ms. Herd said, but when they looked at her she smiled. "To your appointment Zarah."
"Yes ma'am. See you tomorrow."
"Yes. Take care."
Her teacher smiled at them as they left the room.
"Alrighty. See ya."
"Bye Eric."
She sighed and walked down the long curved hall towards the front of the school and the offices. The closer she got the more apprehensive she became. She walked in.
The secretary nodded at her when she came in.
"I'm so glad you're back Zarah. You look well rested for once. Are you feeling alright?"
"Yes ma'am. A lot better actually. Got a lot of rest in the hospital apparently."
"I heard. Well take care of yourself. She will see you now," she jabbed a finger in the direction of the office. "Good luck."
"What do you mean?"
"Nothing. I shouldn't gossip," she smiled.
Zarah went to the counselor's door and knocked.
"Enter," a low voice replied.
Zarah walked in and saw a Native American woman sitting at the desk sorting paper work. She wore a crimson dress that showed too much cleavage and leg in Zarah's opinion.
"Ah Zarah!" She put on her large red, glasses. "Good to finally meet you." She walked over to her and clasped one of Zarah's hands in both of hers. One of her long red nails scraped Zarah's wrist, making her flinch.
"Oh, I'm sorry. I just had these done. Not used to them quite yet. I'm Ms. Winters, but I prefer my patients call me by my first name, Violet."
"It's nice to meet you."
"You too. I've been reading up on your sessions with Mr. Joy. Don't worry I will honor the same confidentiality agreement you had with him. So, go ahead and sit down. Let's get started. Please, sit."
She gestured to a red chair. Zarah sank into the cushions and leaned back.
"Okay."
"Normally I would use this initial session to ask some general questions about you, but I actually have some more specific ones."
She thumbed through a thick file she had on her desk. Zarah wondered what it contained.
Zarah leaned forward in her chair and met her green eyes.
"Like what?"
"All the reports I've read regarding you both from here and from the hospital say you've claimed to have a stalker. Is that accurate?"
Violet picked up a pad of paper and clicked her pen rapidly, anticipating her answer.
"Yes, but not anymore. I thought you were calling me in to make sure I was okay after my hospitalization?"
"But of course, Zarah. That's why I'm asking these questions? to assess your frame of mind. Now, you say not anymore? When was the last time you were harassed? Tell me every detail and tell me how it made you feel."
Zarah closed her eyes and leaned back in the chair, staring at the white ceiling. 
"The last time was in the hospital. I still don't remember much. A nurse kept trying to put me under so it could have me in my sleep. I remember that because she said she was serving it."
Violet scribbled so quickly and forcefully, Zarah thought she was going to bore through her pad.
"Did the authorities confirm this story about the nurse?"
"Yes. For some reason she is in a coma. I don't remember exactly what happened. Everyone thinks I knocked her out somehow, I guess."
"Interesting," she said and wrote a bit more. You keep referring to an 'it'. What or who are you talking about?"
"I've been referring to it as, the curse."
"The curse, and why that name?"
"Because I am cursed by its presence and it stalked me constantly."
Zarah sat up straight, folded her arms, and stared at Violet.
"You seem comfortable talking about this."
"I'm just not afraid anymore. I don't think its following me now. Maybe I was just imagining it all."
"Unfortunately, I don't think that was the case. Why would a nurse go through such lengths? She risked her career for an imaginary stalker? No, it sounds to me like this stalker is about as real as they come."
Zarah looked at her to gauge how serious she was. The woman stared at her unblinkingly and waited for her response.
"It doesn't matter if it's real or not now. It's gone."
"Just because they're leaving you alone now doesn't mean you should drop your guard Zarah. They could be anywhere. It could be a student here at school."
"The stalker isn't a student."
"Oh? So you've seen them then."
Zarah's gaze went to the ceiling, and she leaned back again.
"Yes. But, I can't talk about that."
Violet scratched something on her pad again.
"Why? Are you afraid to?"
"I have a very vivid imagination," Zarah trembled. "Thinking about it in that way... imagining the way it looks... it's just too much."
"I understand. Well our time is up for today. Come back tomorrow and we'll talk some more. I think it's important for you to deal with all of these negative feelings before they take hold and fester. Don't you agree?"
Zarah nodded.
"Take care now," she said and ushered Zarah out and closed the door behind her.
Zarah walked slowly back to class, nibbling on her lunch along the way. She had forgotten to eat because the counselor had gotten her so anxious. She had been right though: what if it was still following her? When she got back to English her backpack was outside the door waiting for her. Ms. Herd saw her, smiled and continued her lecture.
Zarah trudged toward her next class. She opened the door and tried to step through, but felt something tug on her backpack. She looked behind her, and it stopped. She tried to walk through once more, but the resistance continued.
Zarah removed her backpack and walked into class. The door took longer to close than she expected and glanced back to see something dark in the doorway for a split second. It vanished, and the door closed.
She stared at her desk the whole class period, unable to focus. Something tickled her behind her ear every now and then, so she ended up swatting herself. Eventually classmates noticed and laughed at her. She tried to calm down and focus on the lesson.
"Zarah."
She looked around, but no one was there.
"Zarah."
The voice was louder than before, she turned to it and again saw nothing. She buried her face in her hands and tried to ignore the incessant call of her name. 
"Zarah!" It yelled.
She screamed and jumped.
"Leave me alone!" She yelled. "Leave. Me. Alone!"
"Is everything okay Zarah?" her teacher asked.
"No," Zarah said. "No everything isn't okay. I? I need to see the counselor right away."
She looked around. Her classmates had been amused before, but now they looked frightened and worried. They remembered who Zarah had been only a few weeks ago and didn't want that monster to come back, ever.
"It's fine Zarah, go ahead and walk over there. I'll call her and let her know you're coming."
"Thank you ma'am."
She left the room. As she walked down the hall she caught a wiff of the curse's stink. She turned and saw a shadow behind her, she tried to run but found herself face down on the tile.
"No. You're not real! You're not!"
She got up, ran all the way to the councilor's office, and threw open the door. She stood there, on the verge of hyperventilating. Her bangs, wet with tears and sweat, stuck to her face.
"Zarah! What's wrong? What happened? Sit down. Sit down." She helped Zarah to her chair. "You need to calm down so you can explain what happened. Breathe slowly."
After a few deep breaths, Zarah surmounted her panic attack. She was safe.
"Now, what happened."
"The curse," she whispered. "It's back. It's going to hurt me again. I heard its voice. Smelled it. Saw its shadow."
Violet stood up, walked to her desk and sat down.
"Its shadow?" she asked while she rummaged through her files for the pad she had used earlier. She wrote immediately when she found it. 
"Yes. It's pitch black darkness. Sometimes I see it, sometimes I don't. But it's back. It's back again."
"So, you really believe this darkness has hurt you and is capable of hurting you now."
"Yes." Zarah said into the lap of her white jeans. For some reason she could not meet Violet's eyes anymore. 
Instead she looked around the room. Mr. Joy's encouraging posters had been stripped from the walls. An extra bookshelf had been wheeled into the room to accommodate her numerous books on shamanism, Native American culture, and fiction and nonfiction titles Zarah recognized. Native American art was throughout the room. It was like Zarah had stepped out of the school and into a mini museum for a moment. 
"I'm sorry I couldn't hear you."
"Yes. I believe it has," Zarah looked at her. "And I think it might again."
Violet took her long black hair from its bun, and placed the multicolored beaded cord that had held it aside.
"You are Cahokian are you not?"
"I'm not sure," Zarah said.
"Your file says you're Caucasian. But your dark skin and black hair makes me think otherwise. So are you Native American? You know that at least."
"Yes. I am."
Violet pushed her bright red glasses up with a long red fingernail.
"I'm Native American as well. Your heritage is something to be proud of."
"I could tell. Dream catchers. Leather art. The books on your shelf. I need help. I don't want to talk about how proud I am of my heritage, and I don't want to talk about you. Usually I would be patient, but right now I don't have that luxury. I have something following me and hurting me. Can you help me? Or not."
"I'm trying. I know you said you feel uncomfortable when you imagine, but I need you to. If you hold on to negativity like that it will only lead to problems in the future."
"It's not a feeling of discomfort. This thing has nearly killed me. I don't know why it hasn't honestly. It turned my life upside down and tried to isolate me from everyone I loved and nearly succeeded. I do not want to imagine it. I want to forget it."
"Regardless, just try."
"No. I'm just going to try to get a hold of my Grandma. This is not helping."
"You think your grandmother can help? Why?"
She scrawled on her pad once more. Zarah wanted to rip it all up and throw the pieces of the yellow paper into the air like confetti.
"She would believe me. She has these leather bound books full of legends about people that have fought things like this. You put up a good front, but I know you think I'm crazy like everyone else does."
"What if I don't," she put her notebook down and took her glasses off, her smile vanished. 
"You're serious."
"Of course. Talk to your grandma. I think that's the best you can do. All I can do is give you this," she pulled a leather cord from around her neck and handed it and the small black pouch attached to it to Zarah.
"What is this."
"A medicine bag. For protection."
"Seriously."
"Surely in your grandma's legends you've heard of them."
"Yes."
"Well my family passed this down to me. I believe you need it more."
Zarah took it and put it around her neck. She felt a little safer.
"Thank you."
"Call your grandmother, Zarah. That's my diagnosis."
"Ok. I will," Zarah smiled.
"See you around. If you need to talk again just come by. Don't bother with appointments."
"Hey, what happened to Mr. Joy?"
"What?"
"The other counselor. He was here for a few years."
"Retired early. I had been looking at this school for awhile. Jumped on the job opening."
"Oh. Alright, well, take care."
"You too Zarah."
Zarah walked out of her office.
Violet picked up the phone and dialed a number.
"I just saw Zarah again," she said. "I am positive about it now. The Cursed Lailia has resurfaced. You heard me right. Tezca is on the rise. Yes, I will report when I know more."

Chapter 25: Night Off
For the first time in weeks Zarah had a quite normal, borderline boring evening. She ate all of her dinner for the first night in over a month, finished her homework and actually felt prepared for her biology test for once.
"You seem better tonight dear," her dad said, when he looked up from his plate and saw Zarah decide to get seconds.
"Yeah. I feel a little safer. Thanks. You excited about your trip tomorrow?"
"Definitely. Want me to bring you back something?"
"A t-shirt. Red this time. A little white. No I heart t-shirts."
"Even if they're red and white?"
"Yeah."
She took a big bite of meatball. Red sauce dripped from her chin. She giggled through her mouthful and wiped the sauce from her face.
"I'll drop some kolachis by for your breakfast tomorrow."
She smiled.
"How about Chick Fil-a chicken biscuits?"
"Alright. Whatever you feel like honey. Give me a kiss."
She hugged him.
"Ok, well I'll give you one," he kissed her cheek. "Love you. Take care of your mom. Let her know if that smell gets worse."
"Love you too. You know I will. Good night Dad."
"Good night."
Zarah went upstairs and got ready for bed. As she finished her nightly journal entry Jet came in the room.
"Zarah what have I told you about your laundry."
"Sorry Mom. I'll take it down in the morning."
"It's fine. I'll get it. Dad said you were feeling better."
"Yeah, I'm feeling pretty good."
"I finally got a hold of your grandmother today. She said she's been busy around the house. Said if you needed to talk to her still to just call."
"I thought you didn't want me to talk to her about it."
"Well if it makes you feel better, we agreed you should talk to her."
"Ok. I meant to tonight. Had a lot of studying to do for AP stuff."
"I told her you were going to. So make sure you give her a call tomorrow."
"I will Mom. Love you."
Jet picked up her pile of laundry.
"I love you honey," she closed the door behind her.
As she drifted closer to sleep she felt like she had forgotten something, something important, and as she tried to remember, she smelled the thing lurking in the dark. All the glass in her room vibrated: her bathroom mirror, her vanity mirror and her window. 
The medicine bag.
She ran for the laundry room and heard whispering. She didn't look back. She dug through the washer, through the soaked clothes and murky water until she found her pants and the bag. She gripped it and listened. All she heard was the sound of her own breathing. She was safe.

Chapter 26: Day Off
Zarah felt ecstatic. It was amazing what sleep could do for a person when they weren't being harassed by vengeful spirits. She had finished all of her make-up work and was pretty sure most of her teachers had started to believe in her again.
"You're actually eating today," Eric said.
Zarah nodded, and covered her mouth after taking a massive bite of pizza.
Eric laughed.
"Zip said it's keeping its distance. Like it's watching but afraid of something."
Zarah nodded and held up a finger: one second. She swallowed.
"Yeah. I feel so much safer. But, I can't tell you what happened. So far I know that it can't mess with me now, but it could take it from me maybe."
"So it's a thing?"
"I can't say."
"Alright, alright. Well we're happy. Zip and I."
"Thanks. I don't know what I would have done without your support."
"It's not a problem really. I do what I can."
"You're acting like it's not a big deal but it is. No one has been here for me like you and Zip."
Zarah leaned over and gave Eric a peck on the cheek. He grinned. 
"Zip says she wants one too. You've been making her pretty jealous."
"I don't kiss girls, but I'll blow her one." 
"That's an arguable subject," Eric said with a smile.
"Excuse me?"
"Uh? Well you know. I've seen you and Serena hanging out."
Zarah looked upset, and Eric was afraid. He had seen her do terrible things to people when she wasn't angry and worse things when she was genuinely mad.
Zarah's anger melted away into sadness. He could see it in her drooping cheeks and lips and in her downward stare.
"Yeah. I guess you're right."
Eric hugged her.
"It's okay Zarah. You don't have to be ashamed of anything. Not around me. Or Zip for that matter."
Eric pointed to his shoulder.
"She still wants that kiss by the way."
Zarah blew her a kiss.
"So none of your friends, including Serena, seem happy we're hanging again."
"I know they've been staring at us. Let's just leave them out of conversation. Cadence is just friends with me because she wants to make herself feel prettier by making fun of me and Tim? I think he is just friends with me to be closer to her."
"You don't mean that."
"Well it hasn't always been that way. I feel like high school changes people."
"Hasn't changed me," Eric said.
"It's changed me." Zarah said. "I feel like I'm being called away from everything I knew."
"You just feel this way because of your shadow," Eric said and held her hand.
"The curse? Maybe, but still I feel like something is about to change. It makes me a little afraid."
"I'm sorry."
"It's fine. It's just another disappointment to deal with."
"One thing you're not is disappointing Zarah. I've heard you sing, seen you dance?"
Zarah grinned, and then tried to hide her mouth.
"Whoa, you have really nice teeth!" he said loudly.
She shook her head and blushed.
"I mean it. Show me that smile again."
She slowly dropped her hand and smiled for him.
"How do you get them that white! Beautiful."
"You know, I noticed you too. You and your mashed potatoes."
He laughed.
"I'm going to call Grandma tonight."
"I thought you had already done that."
"No. Eric, I'm going to tell her everything. I'm going to tell her about you."
"That's fine."
"You're sure?"
He shrugged.
"What is she going to do even if she believes you?"
"True. Well what if she does?"
"She'll help. You trust her right?"
"Of course. She's family."
"Then so do I. Do what you have to do. Whatever it takes to keep yourself safe."
Zarah hugged him.
"I'll let you know how it goes."

Chapter 27: Called In
On the way home her back started to tingle, and by the time she got home itching had escalated to burning. She felt faint. She drank some water and complained to her mother, who checked her back and found nothing abnormal. Zarah's dark skin was clear and healthy. Zarah insisted on a coat of cortisone and afterward she felt better. She changed into one of her dad's baggy AC/DC shirts, wore some shorts underneath it and moved the medicine bag from her pocket to her neck.
Calling Grandma Rose was imperative. She turned her music up in her room and went to the bathroom.
"Hello?"
"Grandma. It's Zarah."
"Of course it's you. Your mom said you needed my advice."
"I do. So much has happened. I don't really know where to begin."
"Well. Your mom has told me that boarding school might still be an option."
"Why did she think that."
"Her reasoning? It'll take you away from the situation, remove distractions so you can finish your education and get you into college."
"I know she means well. But, I feel like I'm in danger. Moving won't help. I need to know how to make it stop."
"Why do you believe I can help with that? There's the police?" 
"Hold on a sec," Zarah peeked out into the hall to make sure Jet wasn't listening.
"You're going to think I'm insane," she said when she closed the bathroom door behind her. "But you used to tell me tales when I was a child. Those tales passed down from our ancestors?"
"Yes."
"I feel like I'm living one of them Grandma. This thing that's hunting me. It's like the shadow beasts from your tales. I don't remember what they're called."
"Lailias. That one in particular is The Cursed, known formally as Tezca."
"The Cursed, so that's why I called it the curse. I know you've told me a story involving it before. But, I think it's following me."
"Child you need to start from the beginning. I won't judge you until you have finished."
Zarah took a deep breath and sat on soft furry, white bathroom rug by the sink.
"My friend Eric. He has this? invisible friend. An animal named Zip that was born in a dream? I know it sounds crazy Grandma, but that is what he told me, and I've seen evidence of it? footprints, things moving on their own, but really Zip moved them. Anyway, he was attacked by some bullies and Zip defended him. I saw it happen. He tried to cover it up at first. But, eventually he convinced me that it was real, that she was real. That night I felt like I was being followed, watched, stalked? I kept waking up to an awful stench."
"Like what?"
"Sewage mixed with fish market? it was disgusting."
"Ok. Continue."
"Anyway I couldn't sleep. So then the next day my English book rolled down the hall. It flew out of my hands and hit a girl and then rolled into my class room. Eric said it wasn't Zip and that Zip believed it was something invisible like her, messing with me."
"I see."
"You know the rest, I believe, from talking with Mom. The break in, that smell invading the house, the mirrors shattering and my night terrors. It hasn't been bothering me since I saw my new guidance counselor though."
"Why is that do you think?"
"Well, she gave me a medicine bag and said it would protect me. I feel it around me, but it never tries to scare me."
"A medicine bag?" Rosilee laughed.
"Yes."
"Alright child. Let me see if I heard you correctly. You think your friend Eric has some kind of invisible creature that followed you home and has been harassing you since?"
"No."
Rosilee laughed. 
"Good. So you've just been doing some hard drugs?"
"No."
Zarah felt so hopeless.
"Don't cry Zarah. I'm sorry. I know you would never do drugs," she chuckled. "I don't know why I said that."
"I thought you would take me seriously Grandma. I thought you would be able to help."
Rosilee sighed. 
"So you're sure about everything."
"I wouldn't have called otherwise."
"Child, after school tomorrow bring Eric over. It will be ok. I promise."
"No. Grandma you have to come over here tonight. Please. It may have stopped for now, but I don't know if this bag will hold it off forever."
"Zarah you have to trust me. That is why you called? Because you trust me?"
"Yes."
"Then trust me. It will be ok. I love you. Come by after school. If you feel like the bag is helping keep it near you."
Rosilee tried to hang up her phone and missed the receiver. It took several minutes for her to calm down. Zarah could be in real danger, in fact her whole family was in danger. What absorbed her terror was the thought that she could still fix things. She just needed to think about it. She needed to do research. 
She had known of the evil stalking Zarah when Jet called and told her about the break in, but had feigned ignorance and disbelief to try to keep Zarah from truly believing the entity was real. She had only intervened by making a phone call to Zarah's hospital room because it had been a life or death situation. The nurse that tried to harm her granddaughter would never wake again. She would wither away slowly and inevitably. It was more than she deserved. 
If Zarah truly believed in Tezca's existence, it would only increase her malevolent power. Rose's efforts would have to be subtle. There had to be something she could do to turn things around.
She unlocked a cherry oak chest under her bed and thumbed through journals until she found one in particular. An old tome with an eclipse branded on it. It was her one of her great grandmother's diaries. She needed the woman's accounts of the Cursed Lailia, Tezca, her origins, her encounters with her and research she had gathered with the intent of slaying her. Those entries were written before the lailia drove her mad.
She attempted to open it, but would not budge for it was sealed with ancient Cahokian magic, sealed to prevent anyone from reading it. She dropped it and wiped her hands on her white robe frantically as if they were covered in acid.
 The diary she held actually revealed methods for summoning the Cursed, controlling it, communing with it, and her hopes for how it could benefit the family. Such were her great-grandmother's delusional ravings, and such was the cause of her death. Many had tried to destroy the book, but it had proved to be an impossible task. She hated touching it, and wished her memory had served her better, so she hadn't. 
She left it on the floor where it had fallen.
What she needed was the diary that chronicled the beginnings of her research, and her quest to save the family from The Cursed. She picked up another: a leather bound book with a lily branded on it. She opened it and was relieved to find it was the one she was looking for.

August 20, 1770

This journal will chronicle my recent supernatural encounters with what these people are calling: a lailia. A painstaking interview with my demented grandmother led me here to this Native American settlement in a territory hundreds of miles from my home to what these people here call a "shaman". Somehow she is aware of my situation and knew I was coming. She claims she knew it was going to be a complex journey and aided my travels, keeping me unseen from those that would have harmed me. She advised I keep this journal in order to pass down what I learn to future generations. As much of a nightmare as this has been I am happy to be here, learning about this side of myself, about my heritage. Apparently I am a descendant of an ancient tribe known as Cahokia. They seem happy I am here and are eager to help me any way they can. Their high priestess, Lily, is meeting with their tribes elders to assess what I have told them and hopes to have a solution by tomorrow.
I will take this time to write about what I know so far. I know it is near me by its odor: the stench of dead fish. Sometimes I can see it move in the shadows. Since I left home it seems to keep its distance, but since it first began its haunt a month ago it seemed to delight in causing chaos at the farm? releasing animals at night, letting coyotes into the coops and pens. It nearly ruined our livelihood.
My father believed it to be the work of a madman, but my mother seemed unconvinced: no amount of patrolling or night watching prevented its attacks, and we never saw it.
  Then it harassed me. Stalked me while I worked in the fields during the day, and while I was alone at night. My betrothed's family canceled our marriage because of its antics. He believes I am insane. My mother seemed to know otherwise. After I explained everything to her she told me we needed to seek out my grandmother, that she could be of assistance. She told me we had Native American in our blood: this whole other side of myself I never knew of. If only the circumstances had been different.
Grandmother was intriguing, although too far gone to really make much sense. Luckily she had a few minutes of clarity and was able to direct us here. Mother is here with me as Father would not allow me to travel such a great distance alone. I must rest for I do not know what tomorrow will bring.

August 21, 1770

They performed a ceremony to commune with this animal, this lailia, and I have never been more frightened in my life. They lit small pots and wafted the smoke towards my mother and I, told us to inhale and a few minutes later, I could see it. 
 It had large hairy legs like a spider, tentacles like an octopus and the body and pincers of a lobster. When the writhing tentacles allowed I saw it had a woman's torso and a face, with a nose and lips and large eyes. It was something born from a sailor's nightmare. I could not have imagined such a horror, but still she seemed so familiar to me. It just stood in the corner of the large ceremonial chamber watching us. The shaman asked us to demand it to speak. Mother and I told it to come, to tell us what it wanted, to tell us what would bring it peace.
It approached slowly and came within a few inches of my face. I screamed, and it just stood. Then its lips stretched wide, its face opened, and I saw a maw of teeth. Pincers with curved fangs reached out from the void of its throat. Its breath was even more revolting than its body odor.
Its voice was a whisper, but I could understand it clearly like it spoke from within my own head. It said she will be born again and again like a phoenix and that with each coming she will bring chaos and calamity to our daughters til she is freed from her bonds.
Her binding to us is both her curse and ours.
Every fifth generation will have the opportunity to free her and that opportunity fell now to me. If I fail my daughter will not, my granddaughter will not, and my great-granddaughter will not. But her daughter's child will. But all of us will be able to perceive her, and hear her. All of us "cursed ones" as she calls us, will be her play things. Terrifying us is her purpose, her pleasure, her sustenance.  But, what she desires more is freedom, and if I grant her that she will grant us freedom from her.
The priestess said she will talk to me when I wake tomorrow. I must rest now.
Rose muttered a prayer while she cried. It comforted her, but how would she comfort Zarah? If Tezca had returned how would she help her survive?

Chapter 28: Rosilee Cloud
Zarah neared Grandma Rose's estate. She owned a plot of land a short bike's ride away from her neighborhood. Jet did not question the trip because it was something Zarah used to do at least once a week to help Rose shop for groceries or to just see her. 
Since she met Eric, Zarah had not heard from Rosilee, and the visits had stopped. Perhaps today she would find out why. 
A line of foliage and trees provided a natural fence from passerbys on the sidewalk. She stopped at a white gate with a lily formed within its metal-work: one of the entrances to the property. Eric wheeled up to the gate a few minutes later in a sweat drenched Star Wars shirt.
Zarah looked him over.
"Did you bring something to change into?"
"Hello to you too," Eric breathed.
"Well?"
"No, you said it wasn't far," he said and bent over, trying to catch his breath.
"I wanted to make a good impression Eric."
"It'll be fine. I'm sure she'll understand."
Zarah shook her head and called her Grandma.
"We're here! Okay, see you in sec," Zarah said.
There was a click, and the gate opened and closed behind them.
They walked up a dirt path surrounded by flowers. There were benches and ponds where Eric imagined Rosilee spent a lot of time reading and enjoying her daylight hours. They walked up to the porch of the house.
"So remember everything I told you?"
"Um. That she's really short... like below five feet and that I shouldn't make fun of it. That her home is usually a mess and that I shouldn't make fun of that... and that I should try my best to let her talk and stay quiet?"
"Yeah, that's about it."
"Zip, be good," Eric said.
Zarah knocked.
Rosilee answered the door in a soft, white robe with a large purple lily bloom stretched across the front. Some of its petals reached around her back. Her white hair was short and ruffled and soft pink lipstick was the only make-up she wore. She was smaller and thinner than Eric had expected, but her face looked so similar to Zarah's that he could not stop staring. He wondered how old she was. She didn't look much older than Zarah's mother, yet, he knew that was impossible.
"So, you are Eric," Rosilee said. "Do you ever comb your hair?"
"I actually pick it."
"You what?"
"I go for the fro."
"Is that the style these days? No animals living in there are there... I can't have them getting into my food."
"Uh... no ma'am."
"Well at least you're polite. Do you respect your parents like you respect me?"
"Grandma," Zarah said, trying to interrupt.
"Well do you?"
"Grandma!" Zarah said.
"Because Zarah tells me you are quite the trouble maker."
"My parents don't respect me. Not many adults do," Eric said.
"If you don't respect your elders, you won't get the days that belong to you."
"Well ma'am, from now on I will remember that," Eric said.
"Zarah I don't believe a word you said about him. He is the most charming hairball I have ever met."
"Grandma. Hug me. There. Now let's go inside... and leave Eric alone."
"Zarah you could learn from Eric. But, yes. Come in. No use standing in the doorway."
Rosilee had stalled to gauge not Eric, but Eric's lailia, his invisible friend, but she was not invisible to Rosilee's eyes.
She had webbed feet like a frog, sinewy legs that made her at least three feet tall when stretched fully, bright green scales like a reptile, and long arms with human hands: five fingers and a thumb on each. Her fingernails looked trimmed and were painted different bright colors: red, green, blue, purple and pink. Its head was oversized, and its large brown lidless human eyes bulged from either side of it. It peeked around Eric's legs, watching Rosilee the whole time.
Rosilee decided she was not a threat, but still a feeling of danger hung in the air, a feeling that had not been in the house until their arrival.
"Well come in!" She held the door.
Eric's lailia waited for the door to nearly close before it darted in, faster than Rosilee could see. Rosilee tried not to laugh while it wobbled around the room silently.
Eric looked in Zip's direction and shook his head. Zip shrank to the size of a small tree frog and hopped on his shoulder.
"Grandma," Zarah said. "Can you see it?"
"What child."
"Eric's friend."
"Zarah, that is why I brought you both here. To tell you it does not exist."
"Eric, prove it," Zarah said.
Zip circled the room, a storm of paper following her every move.
"Ghosts!" Rosilee yelled over the wind storm. "This place has been haunted for ages."
Zip settled back on her perch.
"You are hilarious," Eric laughed.
"I'm not joking. It's true."
"Grandma," Zarah said. "You can see it... can't you?"
"No. I can't. You need to put this behind you. The stories I told you growing up Zarah. About the lailias and their masters... they're just bed time stories passed down from our ancestors. Just stories."
Zarah's embarrassment flushed her face and filled her eyes with tears.
"Grandma, it sounded like you believed me on the phone."
"I'm sorry. I didn't want you to be angry with me, so I told you what I thought would bring you here. Zarah, I beg you, don't be angry with me now. I'm only telling you this to help you. I like your shirt. You know the lily is my favorite flower."
"That's why I wore it."
"You can always talk to me Zarah, and if for some reason you can't, talk to your counselor. She seems knowledgeable. Is she part of a tribe?"
"I don't know Grandma."
Rosilee hugged her close. "Zarah let me give you a quick head massage. They always make me feel better."
"Ok," she sniffed, sat down and leaned over.
"So Eric," Rosilee said as she opened and closed her fists, warming her joints up. "How long have you known Zarah?"
"Just this year ma'am, but we are very close."
"Close eh? Dating?"
"Grandma!"
Rosilee rubbed Zarah's scalp, and she went limp and closed her eyes like she had fallen into a coma.
"So Eric."
"Yes ma'am."
"Do you care for her?"
"I?"
"Don't worry, she can't hear us while I massage her like this."
"How is that possible?"
"I'm very good with my hands," Rosilee said. "She is in something of a trance. So answer me. Do you?"
"Of course. How can I not? She is the coolest person I've ever met. She tries to understand me like no one else in my life. More than my family."
Rosilee nodded.
"Then Eric you must protect her. Will you do that for her? For me? I am not strong enough to keep what stalks her at bay."
"You said it doesn't exist. It actually does?"
"Yes. Lailias exist. Obviously you are aware of this."
"I'm sorry?"
"Your cute little friend is called a lailia."
"You can see her!"
"Of course. I have no idea how you have her Eric. They are very special animals, very rare to come by, and even rarer to befriend."
"But, why did you lie to Zarah?"
"The lailia harassing her is capable of terrifying things Eric, and it stalks her because she believes in it. It feeds on her fear. If she is convinced it does not exist, it will have no power to bother her. It will be forced into hibernation once more."  
"I don't want to have to lie to her ma'am."
"But you will," Rosilee said. "And you must. Convince her after you both leave here. If you do this for her I will teach you about your friend Zip. I'll teach you secrets I vowed to never share."
"We would love that ma'am."
"I know you would child. So, what will it be?"
"I'll try my best. I mean I'll do it. There is no try."
"You're right. There isn't. She will wake now. Thank you for taking responsibility Eric. She should never have stumbled upon this world. Her belief started with you, and it will end with you."
"Yes ma'am, I promise."
Zarah's eyes opened.
"Did I fall asleep?"
"Yes dear."
"Oh sorry, Grandma."
"It's fine. How do you feel?"
"Great. I feel great. A lot better actually. How do you do that?"
"I'm blessed child. Blessed. What can I say? Well I'm getting tired. You two should be on your way. Come by more often. Without Eric though. He has disrespected me."
"What? How?"
"I will talk to him about it in private. I love you."
"I love you too Grandma," Zarah sighed and gave Eric a silent good luck as she walked out.
"Goodbye child."
Rosilee waited for the door to close.
She beckoned to Zip. She grew to the size of a house cat and lifted her head for Rosilee to scratch.
"Eric..." Rosilee grimaced at the mucus on her fingertips. "Promise me."
"Yes ma'am."
"And wash your hands after you touch Zip please."
"I do ma'am. Zip tells me the same thing. Wait how do you know her name? You can understand her too?"
Rosilee smiled.
"I'll see you back here a week from today. It will give her time to think you are not welcome."
"What?"
"Goodbye for now," she opened the door. "Never have I seen such disrespect!" she bellowed. "Leave boy!"
He scrambled out, confused. Zip ran far ahead of him.
"Never come round here again! I'll be cleanin up your hair for a week!"
She slammed the door.
Zarah stood, stunned.
"It's cool. Zarah, what your grandmother said really meant something. It touched me. I've decided not to lie anymore. It's all an act. I don't have an invisible animal friend, creature, or whatever you want to call it."
"What? Did she put you up to this? I know what I saw. I know what I've seen. I know what I've been through."
"Truth is, I did it for attention. I wanted a friend. You are a good person. I'm sorry I took advantage of that."
Zarah stood speechless.
"Eric you may be a weirdo, but you're not a liar. You're loud and free. You don't care what anyone thinks."
"You're right. But you showed me friendship. I can't lose that. That's why I'm doing this."
"First it was because of Grandma, and now it is because of our friendship?"
He hated lying. Even if it was what he had to do to save Zarah; it was unbearable. Eric felt tears in his eyes.
"Please believe me. It's hard to come clean. I don't want to lose you."
Zarah saw his tears, and he saw anger flush her face.
He knew he had succeeded and turned away so Zarah wouldn't see him crying.
"It's... ok Eric."
"You're so angry. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry," he sobbed.
"No really," she hugged him. "I'm fine. Thank you for telling me the truth. I'll walk you home. Let's go."
"No. I've hurt you enough. Gonna go alone. See you around at school."
"Ok."
He cried the whole ride home. At least she was protected now. At least she would be safe, so he hoped, but hope would not be enough.
Zarah watched him until he was out of sight. She knew what she had to do. Her Grandma had read her stories from a series of leather bound diaries, maybe they contained the truth. She had to know for sure.
She knocked on her grandmother's door.
"Zarah, have you been crying? Eric didn't hurt your feelings did he... where is he?"
"Oh. Eric went home. He told me the truth. That he was messing with me... I thought he was my friend Grandma!"
"Oh honey, come inside. Have some hot cocoa."
"Alright."
She came in and sat at the kitchen table.
"Grandma, can I read that diary? You know the one you told the stories from. It would make me feel better to read about it and laugh together like we used to. I feel so foolish. I can't believe I thought it was all real."
"Oh honey, I don't know which it is. It's been so long. I'll look for it and next time you come, we can."
"Alright. Can I use your bathroom?"
"Of course. You're taking your backpack with you?"
"Yeah. Reading helps me to... you know."
"Oh. Well take your time dear."
"Thanks."
Zarah searched her room but could not find anything. She sighed and set her backpack on Rose's bed before she went into the bathroom. When she came back out, it was on the floor. She could not remember where she had set it down originally. She felt a sudden urgency to get home and left Rose's home without saying goodbye, and as wise and sharp as Rose was, she did not think anything of it. The more she thought about it, the more she remembered Zarah had given her a warm goodbye hug hours ago.

Chapter 29: Field Trip
Eric and Zip had been excited all day. They would see Rose in a few hours. Eric wondered what she knew about lailias as he tried his best to finish his geometry homework. The phone rang downstairs, and he heard his father answer it.
"Eric!" He shouted a few seconds later.
He ran downstairs, missed a step and almost fell. Zip chided him with a sharp chirp.
"I just have a feeling it's her."
He picked the phone up from the littered kitchen counter, and frowned. Something sticky was on the phone. He wished his dad would stop watching cable long enough to clean.
"Hello?"
"Eric, hello. It's Rosilee."
"Hi ma'am. How are you?"
"Well, thank you. Are you going to join me this evening?"
"I've been thinking about it every second for the past week. Of course I am!"
"Ok. We are going to be taking something of a field trip. You will need to pack three days of clothes. Remember your toothbrush and toothpaste... and deodorant. Also bring a notebook so you can keep a journal. Can you remember all that?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Alright. I'm going to tell your father this is a special school opportunity. Put him back on the phone. We will be driving there tonight."
"Yes ma'am. See you soon."
"Bye child."
Eric shook from excitement.
"Dad, someone from school wants to talk to you."
"Can't you go one day without getting in trouble!"
"Uh. I've gone all week without getting in trouble dad."
"Oh. Why are they calling then?"
"Something about an extracurricular field trip. Sounds awesome."
"When is it?"
"Dad, just talk to them."
He picked up the cordless phone next to his ashtray. 
"Hello this is Eric's dad. You're kidding. Eric being considered for a special program!" He laughed. "Is this some kind of joke? No that will be impossible. I need him here this weekend. I'm getting off the phone now. What... scholarships? You didn't say anything about that. We're always interested in financial help here. Ok. I'll have him ready in an hour. Sure. Eric!"
His dad beckoned him over and pulled him close.
"Don't screw this up. She says you will have a chance at special college grants. We need that money."
"Ok, Dad."
"Alright, see what she needs."
"Hello."
"Do you remember everything you need?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Alright. I'll be there to pick you up soon. Shower before I get there please. It's going to be a long drive."
Eric laughed. "I'll give Zip a bath too."
"Good. See you soon child."
Eric squealed when he hung up the phone and gave it to his Dad.
"Never seen that kid so happy in his life," he muttered.
Eric went up to his room, picked up his phone and instinctively started to dial Zarah's number to tell her the news. He sighed and stopped himself. He wanted to tell her what was going on so badly. She was his best friend. He shook his head and cried into his pillow. He couldn't help it. He missed her badly. Zip nuzzled him and with her by his side, he stopped crying. 
Zarah's safety was more important than their friendship. He reached out to Zip. His fingers went through her, but she cooed like she could feel his touch. He had always wondered if she felt warmth when he was near her like he did when she was near him. At times, she seemed more capable of touching and manipulating physical things, then there were times when she was ghostly. If he couldn't have Zarah this would have to be enough. He would rely on Zip, and Zip would rely on him.
Eric tried to take his time getting ready so he wouldn't be sitting and waiting for her to get there. He knew it would take her at least fifteen minutes get to his house: the longest fifteen minutes of his existence. 
He did not take into account that Zip would be helping him get ready. She could not control herself and had him packed and ready to go while he was in the shower and had a comfy change of clothes laid out for him.
"Zip!"
She chirped and jumped up and down.
He sighed.
"Thank you girl. But, what are we going to do now?"
Zip jumped onto his side table next to the phone and tried to grip it with her little hands. They passed through it. She looked up at him with tired eyes. She had overexerted herself packing his clothes.
"You're right. I should talk to her. But Rose said that I can't. That's why I'm so sad girl. We have to let her go for now."
Zip sat next to the phone and stared at Eric.
"I have to respect her wishes. Because I want to keep Zarah safe and be closer to you. I'm going to get dressed. Do you want to find some dinner while we wait? I'm just going to be laying down after."
Zip gave Eric a small, slimy kiss on his cheek and was off.
Eric got dressed, lay on his bed and thought of Zarah until Rosilee knocked on his front door.
He came downstairs and saw his dad talking to her.
"Now Mr. Gonzalez, if Eric receives any calls from his friends while he is gone this weekend please tell them he is sick or at a friend's house."
"Why is that?"
"This opportunity is very exclusive, and we prefer that. We don't want anyone to be jealous or seek us out. If you cannot agree to this Eric will have to be excluded."
"Fine. Just have him back in time for school on Tuesday."
"Yes sir. Hi Eric. Are you ready?"
"Yes ma'am. Love you Dad. Thanks for letting me go."
"Son. I love you too. No problem. Now, why didn't you wear something nicer? You need to think about first impressions son. You're not going to a basketball game."
Rose smiled and gestured to her sweatpants and baggy tie dye t-shirt. 
"We're dressed for comfort tonight, Mr. Gonzalez. I'm sure he packed something formal," she smiled at him.
"I do love a woman that isn't afraid to dress down," he said and winked at her.
"Well?" Rose chuckled. "You're too kind, Mr. Gonzalez."
"Alex," he said. "Please."
"Have a good evening, Alex. We will call to let you know we got there okay."
"Yes, call. Don't mind if its late," he called. "I'll be up!"
His Dad waved as they walked to Rose's white Buick.
"He seems nice," Rose said.
Eric glared at her. Rose noticed he was shaking when his seat belt jiggled against its metal latch. He had to take a deep breath to get it strapped in.
"What's the matter child?"
Eric did not reply.
She turned the ignition and drove down the street.
"Eric when did your parents get a divorce? Was it recent?"
His eyes snapped to meet hers.
"Last year. A few months after Dad got a promotion at his job. Why, looking to get with him?"
"Child. If you're going to take your anger out on me, you can get out of my car."
His visage of frustration melted away, and he slumped into his seat.
"I'm sorry ma'am," he started to cry. "I'm so sorry."
She was silent until Eric stopped crying.
"Eric we're going someplace where your anger and sadness will be unearthed and laid bare. It will greatly hinder your progress. I need to know exactly what happened, so I can see what you are going through. That way I can judge if we are going to be able to accomplish this."
"I don't want to talk about it."
"If you can't Eric, then I am going to deem this too dangerous. Because believe me when I say it is dangerous no matter what we do. I am not going invite more volatility. It will spell disaster."
"Ok. He received a promotion. A really big one. Regional distribution manager or something like that. He makes a lot of money now. He started going out and not coming home for days. When he did, he looked tired. He had bags under his eyes. Mom says he was partying, gambling and doing drugs. So, they separated and divorced. Mom moved in with her parents, and I stayed here. I see her every other weekend and on school breaks."
"Why did you stay here?"
"I love my Dad. I think he can change. I know he's upset. He takes it out on me. I think he sees Mom when he sees me, and it makes him miss her more. I mean don't get me wrong. I love Mom just as much. But, I feel like Dad needs me right now."
"You are a rare person indeed Eric."
"What do you mean?"
"You do have anger, but you also have love, and I think that love is what is going to see you through."
"Thank you for believing in me."
"You're welcome child."
Eric noticed they had arrived at Rosilee's house and sighed.
"What are we doing here? I thought we were going someplace special," Eric said when she pulled into her own driveway.
"We are and we will. First there are a few things I need to show you. Actually I need to amend that. You and Zip. Is she here?"
"She's already inside," Eric said.
Rose frowned.
"Sorry ma'am. I told her not to, but she's excited to be here."
"It's fine. She's excited you say?"
"Oh yes. So am I."
Rose opened her front door.
"Come on out Zip!" she said.
A rush of wind that smelled like bubble gum nearly toppled Rose over. Zip stood on Eric's shoulder.
"Now you two wait here for a moment while I gather some supplies."
Rose came back out with a large hand drum and a tuning fork.
"Eric can you lug this for me?"
"Yes, ma'am."
Eric held the huge drum and followed Rose down a path that led behind her home.
"How much land do you have?"
"About 25 acres," she said and crossed her thin arms over her chest.
"That's a lot huh?"
"At one time my family owned 500. They were forced to sell most of it for a fraction of what it was really worth to take care of us. All that is left now is this 25, but it is enough for me."
"It sounds like your people have been through a lot."
Her face became solemn, and she nodded. 
"Most tribes have son. We came here during the land run. My family along with the remnants of our tribe decided it was time to migrate. Tezca's onslaught had made moving on too hard. We needed a fresh start. Most of my tribe stayed near our home in Illinois, but some came here with my family to acquire land."
Eric looked at the ground.
"I'm sorry."
"Don't be. New beginnings are worth celebrating."
They crossed into a sandy area of the property. It was a clear, cool evening, but when they crossed the threshold into the sand, Eric felt the temperature rise. A two story mound of black dirt stood a few yards ahead of them.
"Why is nothing growing here?"
"Mystic energy gathers here. Our people have used it in various rituals. Drawing on such energy was what stripped this area and made it barren."
Eric sifted the fine sand through his hands. It felt soft as it fell through the spaces between his fingers. His hand felt charged with static, and he placed it over his head. 
"Is my hair sticking up?"
Rose laughed. "Yes, do that long enough and that fro might straighten."
He saw something white and picked it up. It was a small rib bone.
"Why are there animal bones in the dirt?"
"These bones are buried here to act as a magnet for energy. They are empty vessels. The energy that once filled them has moved on. Without them it would be hard to gather the energy necessary for certain rites and even harder to harness it. It's like how we get electricity."
"Yeah, that makes sense. If it came straight from the power plant it would be too powerful. The bones store the energy like batteries then."
"Exactly."
"I thought Native Americans loved nature. Why does this magic hurt it?"
"We do. All magic takes its toll though, child. Nothing is free. But, while a little more of a century of heavy use has caused less than half a mile of desolation, think about what the modern world is doing to the Earth after even less time than that."
Eric blinked, in awe of what she said.
"Why doesn't everyone learn how to use energy like this then?"
Rose laughed.
"Because not many choose to."
Rose walked before the mound and bowed. She tapped her foot on the ground. Eric heard what sounded like wood.
She brushed sand away and revealed a door. 
"Can you open this for me please?"
"Yes ma'am."
Eric heaved the door open for her. She produced a match from a pocket and lit a lamp that hung on the wall.
"Follow me."
Eric walked down a flight of stairs to an area with drawings and symbols on the walls. There was a fire pit in the middle and vents around the ceiling.
"This kiva is where we will perform our ritual."
Eric looked at the drawings and etchings on the wall. He saw a great white snake curved all the way around the domed kiva. Above him half of the dome was covered with stars and the other half with cloud. Beneath him there were people with small animals. They were building a great city with stone and wood.
She unrolled a thick blanket and sat. 
"Come and sit with me. Both of you."
"Yes ma'am."
"Hold this Eric. I need to do a test so I know what ritual to perform. Every lailia emits specific waves of energy."
Eric held the tuning fork and felt it vibrate in his hand. 
Rose closed her eyes.
"Okay," she said after a few seconds. "The key of G should do."
She hummed a few bars.
Zip moaned and Eric held his ears.
Rose's mouth and eyes went wide, and she placed a hand over her open lips, trying to compose her disbelief.
Zip chirped and nuzzled Eric.
"I know you're sorry girl," he stroked her. "It's ok. 
"She does feel emotions already," Rose muttered.
"What?"
"It's just amazing to see you two together. This kind of thing is very rare Eric. For you to have a lailia that feels and thinks for herself without any of the traditional rites?"
"Is there something wrong?"
"No. But there are a lot of things you need to learn before we continue. Your lailia is unpredictable, and if we proceed without being cautious I honestly do not know what will happen."
"Has something like this happened before?"
"Yes. Only one other time that I know of. That is what we must discuss."
"You look? sad."
"My fourth-great grandmother was involved in it. Her name was Evening Star Cloud. She had relations with someone the tribe did not accept: an outsider, a French explorer. This was almost 400 years ago. The French had occupied our home in present day Illinois. Our tribe decided to take it back. We formed a war party comprised of our most capable shamans and priestesses along with Iroquois warriors. Young, Evening Star left with the intent of warning the French. She aided them in such a way that our war party was slaughtered. When our leaders learned she had been missing that evening they knew immediately what had occurred. They sought her out and brought her back home for judgment. Our high priestess decided death was not a fitting punishment for such a betrayal. What she suggested was considered demented and perverse, but no one questioned her. They did not want to share her fate."
"What did she decide?" Eric asked eagerly.
"She would bind Evening Star with our most hated enemy, the sister of our revered deity Coatl, Tezca. Some believed her hatred had become so potent that it had drawn Tezca's consciousness and that her decision had been influenced by the goddess of malice. The ritual she proposed was heinous. I cannot even speak of it with you."
"And she did it?"
Rosilee looked at the ground. 
"Yes. Her life was the final sacrifice necessary for the rituals completion. In her final moments she cursed my lineage for all time."
"What does this have to do with Zip though? She's never hurt anyone."
"Let me finish the story Eric."
"There's more?"
"Eric please."
"Sorry ma'am."
"Tezca was a malevolent being. She only wanted to hurt. She enjoyed pain. She loves the scent of blood and the taste of raw flesh. She literally cannot exist without feeling fear, specifically, the fear of her victims. In our history, Coatl, the alpha lailia, defeated Tezca. Our priestess's hate acted as a catalyst for her rebirth."
"Rose?"
"Yes Eric."
"What happened to Tezca?"
"The priestess insured Tezca would always have a way to return to this world and torture my people through my family for all time. In this way we are cursed. We will relive the sins of Evening Star Cloud for all time. We will always be betrayers, no matter what we do."
"It? it's alive? Now?"
"I do not know yet."
She could see in his eyes that he had pieced everything together. He was a very intelligent boy, perhaps too intelligent.
"Zarah? We have to tell her!"
"No Eric! No. I told you before. Tezca needs belief and fear to survive. Without it, it will lie dormant. She needs to believe it was all a lie. She needs to believe that it doesn't exist."
"You think it will grow too strong again."
"I am watchful Eric. I have remained watchful my whole life. You must trust me. Perhaps if you and Zip are successful you will be able to do what no one could before you. Destroy her."
"I would try for Zarah."
"Then you have yet another reason. Let us continue."
"Yes ma'am."
"I love you, Zip."
She chirped at him.
"This is not going to be a pleasant experience for you both," Rose said. "But it is necessary. You must appreciate that both of you are interconnected. If for any reason Zip changes Eric, and becomes malicious, she will change you too. Both of you need to understand that risk."
"Yes ma'am."
"Once we have accomplished that, we will insure the bond between you both is solid. In this way we will lower the risk for failure when we take our next step."
"What happens if we fail?"
"As I said before, I cannot know for sure."
"What has happened to people that have failed in the past?"
"Are you sure you want to know?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Death, madness, thoughts of murder and suicide. I have seen my closest friends and relatives become monsters."
"But, this will prevent that?"
"It will help. If you and Zip are strong enough you will not have to worry. I promise that I will make you two as ready as possible."
"Ok."
"Alright then," she sat with them and closed her eyes. "Hum with me, Zip, Eric. Let us become one."

Chapter 30: Eclipse
Zarah had called Eric at least a thousand times, but the boy would not pick up his phone.
He didn't have any friends to be fickle with, so the only other possibility was Grandma had really scared him off. That, or he was dead. If she hadn't heard from him by Monday, Zarah would make sure he was, or at least she would act like he was.
Her last almost boyfriend, not saying Eric was a boyfriend or that she wanted him to be one; maybe she hadn't made a real decision about that yet.
Her last potential boyfriend wouldn't hold her hand around his friends, and decided to complain about how she wouldn't kiss him. What she said to him in front of his friends made him wish he was dead, that's for sure. Boys. Their audacity sickened her.
She tried to lose herself in a book, but her thoughts did not let her. She tried to watch a movie, but her eyes kept drifting to the phone. She tried to call Grandma to see if she had heard from Eric for some odd reason, but she didn't answer either.
She tried Eric one more time:
"Hello? Who is this," a gruff voice answered.
"Zarah, sir."
Why do you keep calling? I was trying to take a nap."
"Um. I'm sorry. Is Eric at home?"
"No. No he's not at home. He's at a friend's for the long weekend."
"What? Maybe he went to hang with a friend of ours. Do you remember who?"
"Uhh. Honestly I don't remember. He talks about a girl named Zarah all the time, so maybe he went to her place. Don't call here again today. I need sleep before my shift. You hear me?"
"Yes sir. Sorry sir."
She hung up. So, he was lying to his Dad. Obviously Eric was not with her. Obviously he was with someone else.
 She threw her cell phone across the room not caring where it landed. She had wanted to scream at his father for his disrespect, but for some reason she had not. Maybe she had wanted to make an impression? Stupid boys. Or was she stupid for liking him? But that wasn't going to be the case for long. He was seeing someone. Someone so important that he had decided to not call her all day. 
Unless...
She found her cell and called her grandmother again. No answer. Now that Zarah thought back, until recently her grandma had always been there to answer the phone. She was always home to answer her calls. Something was up and she was going to find out what. She stood to leave.
Her backpack jumped from the floor and shattered her reflection in the vanity mirror on her dresser. Books from her backpack scattered with the shards. Among them was a leather bound journal with an eclipse branded on it.
Jet came in the room with a towel wrapped around her, soaked.
"Zarah I heard the mirror while I was showering. Are you alright?!"
"Yes mom."
Zarah bent down to pick the journal up before Jet could see it, but it was gone.
"Do you need help cleaning it up? I'm dripping water everywhere."
"No, I've got it. Thanks for checking on me."
"Ok. Don't slice your hand open."
"Yep. I don't plan on it."
Her mom stopped in the door way and cocked her head to the side.
"Did you hear that? Do you have music on somewhere or something?"
"No. And no mom."
"I thought I heard whispering. Or something. Never mind, going back to my shower. Please be careful."
Zarah locked the door behind her. 
When she turned around the glass was gone, and the journal was on her desk. She looked for the shards everywhere but could not find any trace of them.

Chapter 31: Resonation
 "Eric you are doing fantastic," Rosilee said. "We have maintained our bond for more than an hour now, despite whoever keeps calling my phone. Should have turned the thing off from the start. Technology is so intrusive these days."
Eric sat cross-legged on the rug in Rosilee's kiva with his eyes closed. His sweat weighted his curls down, and they hung over his face. They had slept on rolled up blankets, and Rose woke him up at sunrise to begin his training.
Zip sat a few feet in front of him and mimicked his position, looking equally as tense.
"Let's try again. Stand."
Eric stood. His lailia chirped, but stood too.
"I don't want to hurt Zip. I can feel her pain."
"It won't hurt her when you two are more in tune with one another."
"What?"
"Practice makes perfect Eric. You will get it with time."
Eric smiled. So did Zip. Her lips stretched across her smooth mucus covered face. Tears fell from her eyes.
"She's afraid Rose. Please. I want to stop."
Rosilee shook her head. Though she wanted to give them a break, she knew she had to push them. Time was of the essence, yet she had to be cautious. She knew this boy and his frog could save Zarah if she accomplished her goal. She also knew if things went wrong Eric would be killed or become a killer himself.
"Eric you have to do this. We cannot take the next steps until you gain the necessary skills to insure her safety and everyone else's. You want her to be closer to you don't you? To be real?"
Eric opened his eyes and Zip jumped into his arms. He held her close.
"I just don't understand why we can't skip to making her real."
"That is called substantiation. The act of giving her physical form. She can exert effort to bond herself to our plane, but she still won't be a real creature until we make her so. Right now she is only a spirit animal. Half here and half somewhere else. I told you I would help you and I am following through. You have to trust me."
"I know."
"Introducing her to the physical world will bring her new experiences Eric: pleasure, pain, love, hate. These feelings and emotions can change people. You've seen that yourself. Your father. How after his promotion, he changed. He had more power, and instead of using that power to better your life and your mother's he chose alcohol, drugs, gambling and eventually other women."
"I... know."
"I am sorry I have to use those things to remind you of why this has to be done. Zip will be no different. She will have to make decisions to either destroy or protect, to abuse her freedom or remain loyal to you."
"It creeps me out how you are in my head."
"I must be while we work with her. To feel what she feels and to monitor our progress. She is hurting, but she wants this Eric: to be closer to you and to protect Zarah."
"Yes ma'am, I know."
"Then we will continue. You must be able to walk with her today, so we can leave tomorrow."
Zip shrank to the size of a thumbnail and went into Eric's hair.
"Can't we stop for today?"
"No. Do not question me again."
"Yes ma'am."
"Good. We will try for a bit longer and then get some KFC. I know you're both as hungry as I am."
Eric kissed the air and Zip hopped out of his curls. She grew larger, and he stroked her while she nuzzled him.
"You said Coatl banished Tezca. Is he a good lailia?"
She pointed to the pale serpent in the mural that circled the room four times with its length.
"He is the alpha lailia. Without him none of this would be possible. No one knows where he came from originally. He is known also as The Man in White. He stayed with our tribe for many years, teaching and guiding us to a better lifestyle with the help of lailias. This depicts his battle with her. The day of her banishment happened in 1300AD, during late fall."
Eric pointed at the creature shining in the sky.
"That's her isn't it. Tezca."
Rose nodded.
 "That day, as the story goes, he left our tribe. He left to battle Tezca. He was never seen again in his human form. He was said to appear during rituals and our most powerful priestesses claim to have communions with him from time to time. But, I do not know what I believe."
Hope lit up Eric's face.
"Maybe he will come back and help us fight Tezca this time."
"Right now child we need to focus on two things, food and our work."
"Yes ma'am."
"Let's try one more time Eric."

Chapter 32: Out of Mind, Out of Sight
It had been another Ericless day. She could not work up the nerve to call his house again to see if for some reason he would pick up. After glancing at her IPhone every thirty seconds for an hour, Zarah decided she would use it for something.
She decided to breakdown and give Cadence a call. She dialed her friend's number and lay down on her bed.
"Zarah? To what do I owe this?"
"Cadence, I wanted to apologize."
"Oh?"
"Yeah. About the ketchup. About everything. I miss you guys."
"Zarah, it's ok. We miss you too. I'm sorry too. You're going through a lot. I haven't been a good friend. Not at all."
"Me either."
"Are you doing ok? How's Eric?"
"He's fine," she lied. "Crazy as always. Are you and Tim doing ok?"
"Yeah and yeah. He's fine. I've been asking Eric about you, you know. Has he been telling you?"
"No..." Zarah said.
"Don't be angry. He's a good guy Zarah. Seems like he cares."
"I'm not angry at you. I'm angry at him. He went behind my back," Zarah sighed.
"Is something going on?"
"He's been avoiding me. Won't answer my phone calls."
"Think he's dating someone else?"
"I don't know."
"Like I said before. He cares. If you want my opinion... do you want it?"
"Sure."
"I think something is going on at home. I don't think he cares any less than he did." 
"Thanks Cadence."
"No problem. We should go see a movie or something sometime. Catch up."
"Yeah. For sure."
"Is all that stuff still going on?"
"What stuff?"
"You know... your poltergeist or whatever."
"No. It's calmed down. The school psych said it's because of sleep deprivation," she lied. "That I just need to make sure I'm rested. I might have to take some anti-depressants or something. It's not that big of a deal." 
She squeezed her medicine bag in her other hand.
"Well don't be depressed! Just hang out with me more!"
Zarah laughed. "I will. Thanks for being there."
"Welcome Zarah! I'm going to finish my homework though and get ready for bed. So should you to keep those ghosts and goblins at bay."
"Yeah. You're ridiculous. See you tomorrow."
"Really? You're going to eat with me tomorrow?"
"Yeah. I'll see you then."
"Ok. Good night Zarah."
"Night."
Zarah hung up and fixed her gaze on the diary. She hadn't read it yet, or moved it. Nor did she want to. Its mere presence palpitated her heart for some reason, but the feeling of excitement just made her wary.

**

Zarah opened her eyes. She figured she had passed out. Her room was pitch black. No light came through her window. She heard scratching on the ceiling and thought she heard something shuffling around in the dark and started for her door. She felt her pocket for the medicine bag, removed it and squeezed it. A dark figure smashed through the ceiling. Its smell filled the room, The Cursed, Tezca. Its breathing quickened as it neared her.
"You're not real. Get away from me." Zarah whispered.
Tezca gurgled and scuttled closer. Zarah felt her wrap a tentacle around her. She grabbed it. It roared.
"You're not real!" she yelled. "Get away!"
She threw it off of her. It lunged, she stood firm, and its tentacles went through her as if she were immaterial. Its maw opened in front of Zarah's eyes. She saw rows of teeth, clacking pincers with their razor sharp stingers and a barbed tongue rolling around in its mouth. Saliva poured from its gaping orifice. It screamed at her. She did not smell its breath or feel its saliva spray against her. Even the sound of its voice quieted and silenced. It grabbed for her frantically before it vanished like vapor on the wind. Lights in Zarah's house flickered on, and the sun shone in through the windows.

**

She woke from her dream.
"It's over," she smiled and passed back out.
The diary slid around on her desk, and its pages flipped open. She did not hear her name whispered in her ear, and Tezca's breath was merely an unnoticeable tickle on her ear.

Chapter 33: Art of War
Eric was dressed in a short sleeve shirt and shorts, which he was not used to. Usually he wore baggy clothes to cover up his extra pounds, but Rose assured him he would want to be comfortable. She also made sure he applied two heavy swipes of Dove's Men+ 48 hour deodorant to each arm pit.
He stood at the top of a red dirt slope at the edge of her property looking down on her garden and home. The slope was gradual and about 600 yards long and 800 yards wide. Eric wondered why she had cleared such a large portion of her land when he saw her coming up the slope at a brisk pace with a chest balanced on her head.
"How do you do that and run?" he asked when she got to the top.
Rose smiled and set the chest down.
"I meant to ask ma'am, but we've been so busy. Have you heard from Zarah? I know I'm not supposed to talk to her, but I'm still worried."
"No. I haven't," she lied. "And you would do well to put it out of your head for the duration of our trip. I'm sure she's doing just fine. This is the last thing you must learn before we leave," she said, intentionally changing the subject. "It is a game, but you must take it seriously and respect it as much as you respect our rites with Zip, for it in itself is a rite. In the past it has been used to select new pupils, decide whether captors or criminals live or die, or to pick leaders for war and political parties. It is the sacred game of Chunkey."
She opened the chest and withdrew two metal rods and a stone that looked like an enormous doughnut. It was made of a white rock that caught the light.
"The basic rules are as follows: We stand at the top of the slope and count to three. On one we roll the stone down, and on three we chase after it. The goal is to throw your stave through the hole before I do. Let's see how you do. I'll tell you more rules as we go. I'll roll it first. Then it will be your turn."
She gave it a push, and it rolled down the slope.
They counted and dashed after it.
Eric could not believe Rose's speed. She caught up to the stone with ease and hurled her stave. Eric tried to hurl his at hers to deflect it but missed.
Rose smiled.
"That was close! Your instincts served you well. You can deflect opponent's throws with your stave. You can also catch an opponent's stave and throw it with your own to score two points before they retrieve it."
"This game sounds like it could get physical."
"It can. Once an opponent gets ahead by two points they can win the game if they prevent you from scoring for a round. You can assault your opponent with your stave at any time, but most of the time you'll spend your rounds attempting to score. Retrieve the stone and the staves and meet me back at the top."
Eric was already panting and gaped in disbelief.
"Or you can go home. I need you to take me seriously at all times Eric. Respect is my number one, and it should be yours too, remember that."
"Yes, ma'am," he breathed and retrieved the game pieces.
She eyed him as he came back up, breathless and barely able to stand. 
"If we make it back from this you need to exercise every other day. Cardio is a must."
He glared at her.
"Don't get snippy with me, boy. You know I mean well."
His face softened. 
"I'm sorry ma'am. You're right. I know you're right."
She patted him on the back.
"Take a breather for a minute."
"Thank you ma'am."
"It is rumored that Coatl and Tezca themselves played Chunkey to decide their battleground."
"Who won?"
"If Tezca had won, Earth would be a barren wasteland."
"So Coatl then."
"Yes."
Eric excelled at every game he had ever played. He had great hand-eye coordination and agility when he was at his peak. The problem was his peak lasted little more than a few minutes. He was out of shape. He knew he had the potential in him. He would score this round.
"My roll?"
Rose nodded and watched him.
He rolled the stone and crouched down. He shot forward striding down the hill, paying attention to his footing to maintain his sprint. He glanced to his left and saw the stone in front of him. Rose was there too. He didn't have time to think. He hurled his stave. It collided with hers in the scoring hole and pushed through.
"Yes!" she cheered. "Impressive!"
Eric fell on his back laughing and coughing. This was the best field trip ever.
 Chapter 34: Driver's Ed With a Side of Meatballs
Two showers and left over KFC later, Rosilee and Eric were on the road. Eric had learned so much about himself and the Cahokian already, and his trip had just begun.s
"You may have to drive in a couple hours Eric. I can never stay awake on the highway for very long."
His heart skipped a beat. Excitement and alarm filled the space in-between and afterward.
"I don't know how to drive..."
"Well, now is a good time to learn," Rose said. "Whenever we get on the highway I'm going to switch with you and explain."
"I, I can't do that ma'am."
"If I can't trust you to drive us, then how am I going to trust you with a lailia."
Eric took a deep breath, fell against his seat's cushion and closed his eyes.
"I guess you have a point..."
"Where is Zip?"
"She's outside. Following us. Can't really leave her in the car for a long time. She gets hungry, and she can get smelly."
Rosilee was amazed Zip even had the drive to hunt for physical sustenance. Zip and Eric's potential was uncanny, yet so was the danger of unlocking it. She saw Eric notice her wide eyed expression.
"Sorry, I was about to sneeze. It passed. I'm sure you're wondering where we are going?"
"Yes, ma'am it crossed my mind."
"We are visiting a sacred Cahokian site. If we are granted permission we will perform a rite to strengthen the bond between you and Zip."
"Like the place in your backyard?"
"No, the complex is enormous compared to my shack of a kiva."
Eric stared at her. The butterfly producing mixture of fear and joy made his stomach and the rest of him jittery.
"Whose permission do we need?"
"Representatives of my tribe live near these sacred sites. They cannot deny us, but they may advise us to leave. They are wiser than I and will be able to tell me if you are able to survive the trials to come."
"You still aren't sure if we can do this?"
He felt faint.
Rose smiled at him and rubbed his head. Color came back into his face.
"Don't worry yourself pale! It is a different experience for everyone, but it is unpredictable."
She saw a gas station coming up in a mile and decided to make a pit stop.
"We'll get gas here," she said as they pulled into a parking spot in front of the Subway annex of the gas station. "You should go to the bathroom. I don't want to stop again until we arrive. Have you eaten?"
"No ma'am."
Rosilee gave him a twenty.
"After you go to the bathroom go to the Subway next door and order me a foot-long BLT with bell peppers and chipotle ranch and get whatever you want."
"Yes ma'am."
Rosilee smiled and entered the gas station parking lot.
Eric enjoyed Rosilee's company. She felt like a member of his family, the grandmother he had never met. There was no way she could be part of his family though: she genuinely cared, his real family did not. It wasn't something he was used to. 
He entered the Subway and heard a chirp behind him.
"Zip!"
She jumped on his shoulder and nuzzled him.
"Are you making it okay? Good. It's going to be a few more hours. I can get you a small sandwich or something. No? Alright. Thought I'd ask."
A woman in a baggy black hoodie and jeans noticed his conversation and looked at him like he needed to be committed immediately.
"Talkin to yourself kid?"
"Yeah. Only when I'm about to order food though. Have to make sure I'm positive about what I'm getting before I order it."
The woman shook her head.
"Crazy kids."
Eric went to the bathroom before he ordered Rosilee's sandwich. He got a meatball sub for himself. He sat in the car and ate while he waited on Rosilee.
She tapped on his window, and he rolled it down for her.
"Did you pee?" Rosilee asked.
"Yep," he said through a mouthful.
"You need to be sitting in the driver's seat."
"Why?"
"Because you're the driver."
"Oh man... ok."
He got out of the car and walked around to the other side. He sat down and shook noticeably.
"There's nothing to be nervous about," Rose said. "What kind of music do you want to listen to?"
"Uh, rock is fine." 
Eric sat in the front seat. Rose could see his hands tremble before he put them on the steering wheel for the first time.
"Take some deep breaths and gather some confidence. This is supposed to be the fun part," she smiled.
Eric tried to smile back and breathed in and out while Rose found a radio station.
"Ok. Put the car in reverse and back straight out slowly. The right pedal accelerates the left is the brake."
"Ok."
The car lurched backwards and Eric slammed the brake.
"Take it easy on the gas, and don't use both feet. Stick to your right one."
"Sorry."
"Now we need to pull around to a pump. Pull out. Don't hit anyone."
He shook his head.
"Thanks..."
He pulled into one of the pumps and turned the car off.
"See that wasn't so bad. Do you need a soda or anything to keep you awake? I forgot to pay for the gas."
"Yeah some Dew would be cool."
"Alright."
Rosilee came back and set up the pump before handing Eric his drink. He drank it all before the car was filled.
"You finished it already?"
"Mmhm! Sure did! Never sleeping again! To quote a great man: 'Ill sleep when I'm dead!'"
"Oh, what have I done," Rosilee said.
"Okay! Ready! What do I do?"
"Put it in drive."
The car shot forward.
"Brake!" she shrieked.
He slammed on the brakes.
"Sorry..."
"No, it was my fault I meant for you to keep your foot on the brake. Let's try again. Use your right foot only. Put it on the brake and shift to drive."
"Okay."
"When you get off the brake the car is going to move by itself. Then step on the accelerator gingerly. Like you're trying to take a very quiet step. Like you cannot afford to make a sound."
Eric nodded.
"Now put your right turn signal on. It's the lever on the left side of the steering wheel. Nudge it up. Up for right and down for left."
Eric clicked it into position.
"Now gingerly. Turn right."
Eric turned down the two lane feeder road and seemed confident. 
"Now the speed limit on this road is 45. Don't go over that."
"Okay."
When his speed reached 40 miles per hour, he felt nervous.
"I'm going kind of fast."
He felt an itching urge to step on the brake.
"Just look way ahead of you. Don't look right in front of the car."
When he looked down the road the lines actually looked something like a tunnel. He also noticed he could see where he was in the side view mirrors, which made him feel even more confident.
"Yeah, that's a little bit better."
There was a stop sign coming up.
"Now slow down. Use the same pressure. Gingerly. Good job. See how the road connects to the highway?"
He nodded.
"That's where we're going. Step carefully now."
He accelerated.
"Now from here to the highway you want to accelerate more forcefully. You want to be at 70 when you get onto it."
Eric gulped in anticipation and pushed down on the accelerator. His stomach lurched.
"Whoa!" he said.
"Don't brake!" Rose said. "You're fine. Just keep going."
His knuckles turned white when he neared 70. He grit his teeth.
"Breathe Eric. Breathe. It's okay. Look far ahead of you. Down the open road."
He breathed in and out twice and relaxed.
"Good. Now push 'On' on the wheel and then 'Set'."
Eric weaved and heard the tires roll over the ridges on the roadside. He swerved back and into the second lane.
"Eric! Calm down. No sharp reactions. Everything slowly, carefully. Even when you feel endangered never jerk forcefully."
"Yes ma'am."
"Now. Set the cruise."
Eric moved over in his lane a little, but this time set the cruise. He sighed.
"Follow the road. There is nothing but the road," he said and smiled.
Rose was impressed. He took direction well and responded to her with respect and patience.
"Good job."
She rubbed one of his shoulders.
He looked at her to smile and rolled over the ridges. He jumped but course corrected smoothly.
"I'll get it all eventually."
Rose nodded.
"Indeed you will. You have 4 hours of driving left before I'm going to be ready to switch."
"Thanks for this Rose. For trusting me," he said through tears of happiness. "No one has ever trusted me this much. Well..."
"What?"
"I guess Zarah has."
His tears of appreciation changed to sadness. She put a hand on his shoulder.
"You will see her again when this is over, child."
"I hope so."

Chapter 35: Frog in Her Throat 
Zarah attended honor choir for the first time in weeks. After losing an octave of her voice because of her sickness her teacher had agreed that time off was her best option. But, she knew nothing had helped. A few weeks would not be enough time to bring her voice back. Everyone was delighted to see her, but nothing could make her smile. She felt tired and wondered about Eric. She mouthed the words to all of the songs they were practicing for their upcoming performance.
"Great job everyone," her teacher said. "See you tomorrow morning. Zarah."
"Yes ma'am?"
"Stay for a moment please."
Her teacher waited until everyone else left before she addressed Zarah. She took her glasses off and looked her in the eye. Zarah could not tell if she was concerned or furious.
"Are you feeling alright Zarah? You didn't seem nearly as enthused as usual."
"Coming back is just hard I guess. I was pretty sick."
"I understand? Zarah listen? there are a lot of eager students on the waiting list. I think you should take the rest of the year off. Come back and talk to me when the offices open for enrollment, and we will go from there."
Zarah looked at the thin gray carpet of the music hall.
"I'm sorry ma'am. I'm sorry I disappointed you."
"Don't cry Zarah. Just try to let yourself shine again. Sometimes that takes time."
Zarah nodded.
"See you next year."
 "Ok, Zarah. I'll look forward to it."
Zarah tried to smile despite the situation and managed to keep from breaking down until she made it to the handicap accessible bathroom. She had about 5 minutes to cry. She let it out, made sure nothing was running down her face and left.
Zarah drug herself to homeroom. Every step felt heavy. She just wanted to be alone so she could just let it out. Some people might have said hi to her on the way, but she was not sure. She did not especially care. The only person that could make her feel better wasn't at school. 
Instead of taking notes, she wrote notes to give to Eric. She didn't know when she would see him again, but she would be prepared when she did. Her teachers did not suspect her apathy because whenever they called on her to answer questions she would always be correct. Most of the classwork she had done thus far had been regurgitated from last year anyway. 
She hoped her letters of apology would bring Eric back to her. Nothing could peel the shame off of her spirit but him. She hoped he could forgive her, though she could not forgive herself. 
It seemed forever until English. When the time came she ran straight to class and stood by the door for Eric. She waited, the bell rang. He never came.
She finished her busy work so she could listen to music, and cued up Stabbing Westward. She hadn't listened to the band for months. There had been no reason to. She sketched Eric and Zip, or what she thought Zip would look like based on Eric's descriptions of her.
She felt something resting on her shoulder and jumped.
"Sorry?" Ms. Herd said with a smile. "I was just admiring your art. Is there anything you don't excel at?"
"Thank you, ma'am."
"Your hair is fabulous by the way. And I'm glad you're feeling more like yourself. I was worried about you."
"Thank you ma'am."
Her teacher noticed her monotone and gave her a concerned look.
"I'm not angry at you Zarah. I know you must be going through a lot of changes right now. Life is a little harder for us girls around this time. I went through it too."
Zarah nodded.
"Things are tough right now."
"It will pass honey. Just keep looking up," she patted her shoulder and checked on other students as she walked around the classroom.
Zarah replaced her headphones.
How was she supposed to look up when everything just pulled her down?
She drew the word 'up' surrounded by clouds, and singing birds. She added Eric sitting on a cloud with a bird's nest in his afro.
A smile pulled at her lips. She would see Eric again. Maybe he was just sick.
She reached back out of habit to scratch her bite and realized that her back had not itched all day. That was something to smile about.

Chapter 36: Facade
The setting sun mirrored Eric's subsiding sugar rush. By the time the last rays of dusk passed over the wilderness and allowed the stars their chance to shine, they had crossed over the Alabama state line. Rose had said they were going someplace called Moundville: a city in Alabama that had added a defunct ceremonial site to the national registry of historic places. 
"Alright Eric. We're almost to the site now," Rose said and nudged him. He was wide awake instantly.
"So what do we do if they say no?"
He looked around for the site she had described. If it was as large as she was saying he would be able to see it easily.
"I'll decide after they take a look at you. Just remain respectful."
"Of course."
They pulled into the gravel parking lot of a Native American gift shop.
"What are we doing here? I thought we were going to the site?"
"This is the site."
Eric nodded.
"A log cabin?"
"No. There's a structure hidden beneath it. Those logs are just for decoration. It's not even real wood. The totems are decorative as well. They are not from our culture.
"Why didn't they just build a real log cabin if they wanted it to look like one?"
"Why indeed," Rosilee said. "Why indeed."
Eric expected her to elaborate, but she didn't. Her face was placid, but her eyes looked sad, as if she were fighting back tears. It made him afraid. Maybe he shouldn't have agreed to such a dangerous undertaking.
Rose pushed open the door. A bell rang above it. Eric stopped in the doorway, looking from the threshold of no return to the car. He looked into Rose's eyes.
"No try, remember?" she said.
Eric nodded and entered.
No one was at the register. Rosilee punched the bell three times. A young Indian girl in a baggy teal shirt that hung off of one shoulder walked over to the desk, slowly. Eric could see the girl's aloof attitude alone was about to set Rose over the edge. 
Zip jumped off Eric's shoulder and ran through the store.
She paused a song on her Ipod, but did not take her earbuds out.
"Did you not see the closed sign?"
Rose folded her arms and tightened her lips.
"Tell your mother Rosilee is here to see her."
Her cursory glance went from her to Eric and to Eric's afro, and she walked toward the back of the store, changing songs on her Ipod as she went.
Things clattered as Zip investigated.
"Zip!" Eric whispered. "Get over here!"
Zip jumped back on his shoulder.
"You two need to get a hold of yourselves or we're leaving," Rose hissed.
"You heard her girl. Stop it."
An older woman came out of the offices. She had her long gray hair in a sizable bun and wore jeans and a worn brown leather coat.
"Rose? You've aged well," she held out her hand.
Rose stared at her until she retracted it.
"I need to use the site for a communal ceremony," Rose said. "I wanted you and the council to look him over beforehand. Just in case."
"Rose, you and I both know they will not allow it," she chuckled and shook her head. "Perhaps if they deem him worthy they will assist him with such a ceremony, but you have no right. I saw you only because I was curious. It is good to see you are well."
"Alright, when can the council see him."
"The beginning of next month maybe?"
Rose folded her arms.
"Too late. I needed them to evaluate him this weekend. He is a rare case. His lailia is already visible to my eyes and his, maybe others can see her as well. Haven't done many tests yet. I fear if an evaluation is not done the relationship could become problematic."
The older woman looked at and around Eric.
"Hmph. I can't see her."
"Have you practiced?"
"Not for years."
"Then that is why."
The woman sighed.
"Alright. I will contact them and let them know you are on your way. They should be gathered be the time you arrive."
"Thank you. Take care of yourself."
"And you. Good luck to you," she said to Eric.
Eric nodded.
Rose motioned for him to follow, and they left through the back onto a dirt path that lead into wilderness.
"Did you and this tribe have a falling out?" Eric asked.
"Not that it's any of your business child," Rose said. "But yes."
"Sorry ma'am."
"Do not pry into business that is not your own Eric. You have enough to be concerned with."
"Do you think Zarah is alright?"
Rosilee sighed. "Eric you need to start to clear your mind. Prepare for this evaluation. As you heard they are already skeptical because I am the one who brought you to them. I apologize for that."
"Ma'am it's fine, really. I could care less what they think."
"And I respect your courage Eric," she smiled. "But in this case you must honor them. These shaman and priestesses have lived for many years. They have seen many lailia and will know what steps we must take from here to insure your safety, and Zip's."
"I will do my best ma'am."
They walked for a few minutes in silence until they came upon the ruins of a small village. Wood littered the area. Eric heard something break beneath his feet and saw he had stepped on something ceramic.
"Rose, before when you mentioned that I could go insane or die? I am past that point right?"
"I won't lie to you. This process will still be painful for you both," she parked the car. "Unfortunately, pain is the only certain outcome. Do you still want to continue?"
"Yes, and Zip does too."
"Is she here?"
"She's hunting right now, but I know how she feels."
Rose nodded. 
"She will need the energy for what's coming." 

Chapter 37: MIA
At lunch Zarah sat by herself in a corner and tried to be as discreet as possible. She wanted to be alone. Serena found her though and invited herself to the table.
"Hey Zarah! It's been a little while. Are you feeling better? I asked your friends about you and they said you were sick. You should give me your number so I can check on you next time."
"I'll give it to you after I eat."
Serena watched Zarah stare off into the distance, seemingly uninterested in the world around her.
"You seem more somber than usual."
"Yeah. You can say that."
She saw Cadence and Tim walk by. Cadence gave her a worried glance for a few seconds and sat with Tim on the opposite side of the cafeteria.
"Well, you know I'm here for you if you need me."
"Thanks."
Serena reached out and stroked Zarah's hand. Zarah withdrew it.
"I would appreciate it if you did not touch me like that."
"I'm sorry. It's just how I show affection to my friends. But, if you have a problem with it's ok, I'll back off."
"I've hung out with you and your friends, and you don't act that way towards any of them but me. I wasn't myself before. You need to tone your affection down."
"Okay. I'll see you around."
Zarah thought Serena was going to cry in front of her, but before she could, she hurried off.
Zarah felt bad about hurting Serena's feelings, but she needed to be honest about how she really felt. The only person she wanted to be around was Eric, and she did not know when she would see him again.
She decided to talk to the school councilor and went by her office. Her door was locked.
"Are you looking for Ms. Winter?" the secretary asked.
"Yes. I wanted to talk to her before class."
"She is out today. She left her appointment book with me though if you want to schedule a date."
"Sure."
"Looks like she has openings next week. Will that be alright?"
"Yes ma'am."
"Okay. I have you down for Monday during homeroom. I'll let your teacher know you're going to be at your appointment."
"Thank you ma'am. I appreciate it."
"Zarah, it's good to have you back."
Zarah smiled.
"It's good to be back."
The rest of the day went by a little easier and before she knew it she was at dance class, warming up and practicing for their next recital.
Zarah felt like she found herself at some point during rehearsal and held on to the solace as long as she could. Her teacher came up to her after class was over.
"Have you been keeping up at home? You looked a lot better today. I mean you always look beautiful Zarah, but I felt like I lost you last time you were here."
"I was just getting sick," Zarah panted and wiped sweat from her forehead. "All better now though. Can you keep the music on until my mom gets here? I'm going to keep working."
She smiled.
"Of course. Enjoy yourself."
"Thank you ma'am."
She wished her mom would forget about her and for her body to never tire. The fleeting moments of her evening's class made her lighter than she felt had in weeks. She intended on letting them sustain her as long as she could.
Chapter 38: Trial and Error
Eric and Rosilee had walked for an hour and a half from the gift shop. The sky was lidless: no clouds that night. It was as if night itself knew something special was about to happen and wanted to give every star in the sky a view of the spectacle. 
Eric noticed the further they walked, the less plant-life he saw. The dirt path had cut through small ponds, and bridged a lake. He had heard insects and birds and the growth around them had been dense. 
A few miles away from the shop, the air was hotter and dry. Eric noticed the increase in temperature immediately. Dust blew up in clouds from the cracked, barren earth. The ground beneath him seemed as malleable as a Ritz cracker, crumbling with each step he took. Eric figured that meant they were getting close to the site. He was exhausted and his skin burned from overexposure. He fought against his body's aversion for hikes by taking one long breath after another and one step after another.
"You didn't put sunscreen on before our Chunkey practice did you," Rose said.
"No?" Eric breathed.
"I know I said this before, but when we get home you are going to need to start working out consistently."
"I watch work out shows? I just never feel like participating," Eric panted. His shirt stuck to his sweat drenched skin. Rose had to walk ahead of him to keep from smelling his stench.
"And we're going to hose you down with spray deodorant before our next excursion."
Eric laughed.
"Hygiene is serious boy," she said, but couldn't help but chuckle herself, which made Eric choke out a guffaw.
"Is that it?" He asked, and pointed to a mound in the distance. 
"Yes." 
A few minutes later they approached the site's perimeter. It was surrounded by a perimeter of high stone fencing that was embedded with wood. The wood made different designs and pictures. It was glossy like someone had encased it in resin to preserve it.
"How long has this been here?"
"Almost a thousand years."
"The stone and wood look new. Are you sure?"
"Yes. Lailias built this with the help of their masters. They built it to be ageless. As you can see it is not immune to everything."
While the gate was intact, many areas of the fence were missing or in disrepair. 
"Tezca?"
"Yes."
They crossed the threshold. Nothing grew inside the fenced in area. Eric's feet sank into the fine, ashy sand, and he gauged the earthen mound was about seventy feet high.
Rose stopped and turned to Eric.
"I believe in you Eric," she said, and put her hands on his broad shoulders. "I would give you a hug but you're so sweaty?"
"You're scaring me," he said. "But thanks. Are we going to be okay?"
Earth sank and retracted at the mound's foot, revealing a stair case that descended into darkness.
Rose sighed.
"Yes. I believe we will be. Just try to be as respectful as possible. While these people are of my blood, they are also very dangerous. We will have to tread very lightly."
Eric nodded.
"Alright," She said. "Let's go." 
Eric looked up at the full moon before they went inside and wondered if Coatl watched him this night. He wondered if the god was on his side and if his people would be as well. He stepped into the darkness with Rose.
Eric could see light in the darkness: people holding lit torches. Their costumes were comprised of animal furs, reptile skins, bone and feathers. No man or woman was a single animal, rather they looked like fusions of different species: form fitting suits of scales with cloaks of feathery wings and headdresses. Jaguar masks with snake fangs and bear claws. Eric assumed they represented lailias.
He saw etchings in the cave walls that mirrored the tribe members: spectacular scenes of lailias engaged in mortal combat. Whether they fought for their masters or for themselves Eric could not tell. 
They followed the path for what seemed like hours into an underground cavern and came to a stepped pyramid built inside the cavern's base. 
A black robed woman with a lailia wrapped around her met them: a boa with a human face and legs like a centipede. Patches of blonde hair poked from beneath its scales. Its sapphire eyes glinted with a light of their own. 
Other shaman and priestesses stood in a circle around them, many with lailias of their own. Eric could not make them out clearly in the shadows, but he knew all eyes were on him.
"Eric I presume?"
"Yes."
"I am Edith, the speaker of this council and head priestess of our order here. Has Rose told you of the dangers awaiting you and your friend?"
"Yes."
"And you accept them?"
"I welcome them if it means my lailia and I will be closer."
"Very well. Then, this council also welcomes you. Come to the center of our circle and tell us what you seek."
Rose nodded to him. 
He walked ahead. Gasps and whispering ensued almost immediately.
"Let him speak before we judge."
When they were silent, Eric began.
"Council members thank you for gathering. Rose has told me you would not do such a thing for just anyone. I am very thankful. I know Zip is too. Zip, my lailia, as I have learned they are called, has known me a very long time. She came to me in my dreams when I was younger and one morning, a few days after I turned twelve, she was floating over my head when I woke. I had an invisible pet. At first she could only follow me closely. Then as time passed she would wander away to satisfy her own curiosities I guess. She could interact with me to some degree starting last year."
Murmurs rose from some of the councilors.
"Your story is interesting, but why have you come?"
"Zip and I want to be close. We believe we are ready to commune and substantiate."
"This is unheard of!"
More protests came from the council.
"Peace everyone. Peace. Eric why do you feel this is necessary? You are not one of us. You know nothing of our culture."
"I am willing to learn."
"I can see that. You are a dedicated, passionate soul. Why is all of this important to you."
"I love Zip. She loves me. We both want to exist together. I feel like we belong together."
"If we were to do this what would you do? A normal life would no longer be possible for you. Not with a lailia. You would be obligated to join us, to live your life as a member of our tribe, separated from the outside world."
"Zip and I are willing to do what we have to," he said without hesitation.
Silence followed. Eric had time to let his own echoing words sink in. He would give up his life outside for Zip: his Mom, his Dad, and Zarah. As the weight of such a decision fell fully upon him, his heart pumped full throttle. Bile filled his mouth, and his stomach lurched.
Was this really worth throwing it all to the wayside?
"Rose do you have anything to add before we vote?"
Edith's nasally voice brought Eric back to the present. He didn't know how, but he would stand by his decision. Somehow through all the fear and doubt, he knew it was what he was meant to do.
"As Eric said we thank you for convening for this," Rose began. "As you heard his lailia appeared without a prompt from a shaman, communicated with him without guidance from a ward and is becoming more substantial by the day without the necessary ceremonies. The bond Eric and his lailia share is powerful, so powerful to make me believe they are capable of unheard of possibilities, things not even our elders can conceive. Eric may have things to teach us. I believe in both him and Zip, and I implore you all to do the same."
"Now we will hear the rebuttal," Edith said.
Several council members raised their hands. Edith touched both hands to her lailia and closed her eyes. It cried out, and its shriek caused several council members to hold their ears. A red glow traveled from its long body and into Edith's hands. She pushed outwards toward a ten foot tall stack of wood in a fire pit a few feet away. The glow left her hands, and Eric saw a stream of searing hot air waver from her palms and into the wood. It combusted instantly, lighting a blazing bonfire.
"No, I can speak for us all," Edith said. "He is past the age for education. His lailia's existence is an anomaly, and I am very curious to uncover the mystery behind their relationship, but curiosity is not what has helped our society's remnants endure. Prudence has. And I believe to help Eric is to invite chaos into our midst. But, to satisfy all parties, we shall vote."
The council did not vote in their favor.
"Now, unfortunately Eric, Zip must be banished."
"What!" He tried to cling to her but she fell through his arms like a liquid, collecting on the floor.
Rose stood between the two of them. Eric felt the room's temperature rise and a slow, wavering hum vibrated his ear drums. 
Edith's lailia shrank back.
"No. I will not allow..." Rose started.
"Rose, stand down," Edith said. She tried to look resolute, but her voice trembled as she spoke. "Say another word, and we will kill you where you stand. Your very presence has offended us. I admitted you both to assess the situation, and it is a dire one. Eric is lucky we are letting him leave alive."
"Zip run!"
Zip tried to leave the room but could not make it past the door. A force repelled her.
"It is useless. She is sealed in here as long as the fire burns. The rite we performed insures that. As I said, prudence. Lailias, apprehend it. Throw it in the fire. Begin the drum rite to banish the thing."
The council danced around in a circle while Zip ran from the multitude of lailias.
Grandma held a sobbing Eric.
Zip put up a fight for a few minutes, maiming them when she could to slow them down, but their numbers were overwhelming. Eventually they held her fast.
"No!" Eric would not stop yelling.
They brought her to the flame, which burst with new color and life as the drum beat quickened.
The lailias lifted her, looking like a gang of mutated devils in the fire's light.
Rose tried to make Eric avert his gaze but he pushed her hands away to keep his eyes locked with Zip's. Her huge eyes were wet with tears.
"I'll find you again!" Eric said.
The flame roared suddenly, like an angry beast and blinded the group. When the light faded Zip stood alone, the lailias holding her had vanished.
The humans and lailias that had closed in around Eric, Rose and the bonfire backed as far away as they could.
"What is this!" Edith screamed.
Her lailia whispered in her ear.
"No? that is impossible."
"It isn't," Rose said. "You would be wise to release us."
"Coatl may hold sway over lailias... but we can judge our own. Throw Rose into the fire for her insolence, a sentence long overdue."
The few remaining lailias would not touch her.
"Council members I command you all to seize her."
No one moved.
Rose smirked.
"They are obeying the will of the alpha lailia. Coatl does not interject often I suspect? You would be wise to follow their example."
"I do not believe it was him," she reached for Rose.
Tendrils of flame wrapped around her wrists and ankles, searing her skin and setting fire to her robes. Her lailia quickly extinguished the fires. Blisters rose from her peeling, red skin.
She threw lailias and council members aside in an attempt to strike Rose, but they held her back.
"Peace. Let them leave," one said. "Coatl has spoken. Only he commands the fire. Do not anger him further."
She shrieked in frustration.
"We should leave," Rose said and ushered Eric out of the room. She turned and bowed to the council.
Edith spit in the dirt. 
"You are safe, for now."
Rose chortled and followed Eric and Zip.
"Don't worry," Rose whispered into Eric's ear.
The guards at the temple's exit made way for Eric, regarding him with fear and awe. 
Eric had never felt powerful in his life. Zip had made him unique among his schoolmates, but everyone just thought he was mental. Here he was respected. Here he was the dominant one. He could see the fear in their eyes, and it made him feel strong and confident. There was nothing to be worried about.

Chapter 39: Sunshine in a Bag
Zarah had not been bothered all week. Her bites had all but vanished, but Eric had not called her back, and every day she did not hear from him thrust her deeper into depression.
Jet had to literally drag her out of bed in the morning so she wouldn't be late for school. She didn't put any make up on and didn't bother to do anything with her hair. If Jet hadn't picked an outfit out for her, she would have been content with pjs. They would have been black, warm and comfy. Jet wanted her to wear a Beatles "All You Need is Love" t-shirt and jeans. White and salmon and red skinny jeans: too much color. She had stuffed a baggy black hoodie in her backpack to wrap around herself and slipped it on after her mom dropped her off.
Cadence had tried to assure her that Eric might be sick too. Zarah hoped he was dead. Then she could get on with her miserable, crazy life.
Zarah shoved her hands into her hoodie's pockets and pulled it closer to her body. She pretended to listen to the homeroom news show. Pretending was something she was getting extremely good at. Everyone always told her things were going to be okay and every time she gave a more convincing response. Silence had given way to nods and nods to smiles and smiles to hugs. She hoped her deception would become so potent she could convince herself. That would be the day she would be able to forget about Eric. 
The sound of skin clapping against skin brought Zarah gradually out of her trance. She looked around and saw people smiling at her: it was applause. Evanescence played from the television's speakers, and she realized she was being congratulated over the announcements.
Though she knew she deserved everyone's appreciation she did not feel glad, nor did she pretend to feel so. She could not muster the effort.
The homeroom teacher called her name, but she did not hear. The girl next to her bumped her.
"Huh?"
She pointed to the teacher.
"Zarah," he said "The counselor just called and said you had an appointment scheduled. Did you forget?"
"Yeah, I did actually. Thanks for the reminder."
"I'll call and tell her you are on the way."
"Thanks Mr. Aarons."
Zarah walked to the office and hoped the counselor would have some suggestions as to how she could find some kind of normal center again. Whatever that meant. Normal was a myth, like dragons, unicorns and Erics.
When Zarah entered her office she nodded and smiled.
"Ah. Zarah. Good to have you back. You look a little pale. Sure you're ready to be back?"
"Well. I wanted to stay home, but no fever. Apparently I'm fit to learn."
"I missed your enthusiasm."
Violet stood, slid into a short cut white jacket and walked around her desk. Zarah managed to roll her eyes at her form fitting black dress. 
"How can you even walk in that dress?"
Violet's lip curled into a half smile.
"Anyway, my medicine bag served you well I am guessing."
"Uh, well no bad dreams so I guess. Doc said my hallucinations were caused by whatever bit me and sleep deprivation," she said. "Nothing a shot on the butt and some pills couldn't cure I guess."
Violet gave a curt nods and jotted something down onto her pad.
"Well, can I have it back?"
"Yeah. Sure."
She lifted it out of her pocket. Violet stumbled away from it as if it were a pin-less grenade and knocked several things off of her desk.
"You... you better keep it," she said, and picked up her papers and desk accessories with shaking hands. "Yes, it will be better if you just hang on to it."
"Okay. Thanks."
"So, anything else going on?" she said through a forced smile. She stumbled towards her chair. Zarah noticed sweat on her brow and she as she fidgeted at her desk.
"Just boy trouble."
"Well, I know all about that."
"Are you married?"
"No."
"Then you haven't had much success with boys. How could you help me?"
"Just because I don't have a ring on my finger doesn't mean..."
"Sorry I'm so cheeky. Just tired and frustrated I guess."
"It's fine. So what kind of boy trouble?" She seemed intent on taking her mind of the bag.
"Eric. He hasn't called."
"Eric," she seemed interested in his name. Her trembling ceased, and she leaned forward, looking into Zarah's large brown eyes.
"Yes. I thought he liked me. And I thought I liked him. But, I'm not sure how much thinking has really happened because if he had actually thought like a normal person he would have picked up the phone and called me."
"Seems like you care for him. Where do you think he is?"
Zarah tried to fold her arms with her hands in her pockets, tightly gripping herself with her hoodie.
"Don't know. Trying to cope, but it's hard."
Violet stared at her without blinking for almost a full minute.
"Okay Zarah. That's all I have time for today."
"I thought it was your job to make me feel better."
"It is. Do you feel any better?"
"A little? But-"
"Good. Oh. Do not lose that bag."
"Okay."
"Take care."
She closed the door and pulled blinds down over the glass.
Zarah thought she heard her name and Eric's. She tried to peer through the blinds to see what was going on and saw Violet through a crack. She was on the phone. 
Zarah remembered the counselor had been frightened of the bag before. She knocked on her door and leaned against it. When Violet opened it, Zarah fell on top of her. Zarah gripped her coat as if she were trying to pull herself up before falling down and taking Ms. Winters with her.
"Zarah... what are you doing?" She stood and straightened herself out.
"I heard you on the phone. Isn't there supposed to be some kind of privacy agreement? Can't you get fired for ignoring it?"
All the mock emotion drained from Violet's face, leaving only contempt and spite.
"Eric has been absent much longer than you," she said, deliberately. "In matters of attendance I have to refer to the principal. Is that all?" she spat.
Zarah was certain she could not trust the woman, but it did not matter. She had slid the bag into her jacket's pocket, and it made her feel better.
"Yes it is," Zarah said through the first genuine smile that had crossed her face all day. "You take care."
Zarah hoped finding the bag would give her another fright. The look on her face before had been priceless.

Chapter 40: On to the Next
Rose did not say anything as they walked through the wilderness back toward the gift shop. It was a cloudless night. Eric had never seen a moon so large and bright. It lit their way like sunlight on an overcast day. He could see all of its blemishes as if it were trying to show him that even experienced leaders had their imperfections. He wanted so badly to rekindle his self-confidence. He had to believe in himself like Rose did. Zarah needed him to light her darkness. She would be lost without him. He could not manage it. His failure had snuffed him out. They reached the parking lot of the gift shop.
"Eric I'm sorry," Rose said.
"It's fine."
His eyes were on the ground, and he kicked up dirt as he drug his feet. Zip lay against his neck on his shoulder, humming to him softly.
"It doesn't matter though," she said. "There is more than one way to accomplish our mission."
Eric didn't say anything. Rose unlocked her car, and he let himself sink into the upholstery of the passenger side seat. He gave Zip a sad wave and closed the door.
"I think I want to head back," he said when Rose sat down next to him.
"What?"
"I want to go back."
"Eric it will be alright."
"I thought I was going to be strong enough Rose. But I'm not. I wanted to be a part of it all. Part of their society."
Rose laughed. She covered her mouth to push it back down, but it burst forth in a loud cackle that escalated until she coughed.
Eric blushed.
"It's not funny. I'm tired of being alone. I felt at home there."
"Eric," She gave him a hug. "You don't need them to be a part of what this is. And you aren't alone. You have me, Zip and Zarah."
"You told me to push her away. And now she's gone."
He hugged her tightly.
"I doubt it. You'll probably get home and find she's called hundreds of times. You'll have angry messages waiting, but it's proof she cares Eric. I know she does."
He sighed and stepped back.
"Alright."
"Alright what?"
"Where are we going next?"
"Illinois. We'll stay at a hotel tonight, rest up and tomorrow I will try to perform what those arrogant things would not."

Chapter 41: Bad Chemistry
Before Zarah knew it, the weekend came and went. Though she hadn't heard from Eric she felt okay. In fact, she could not remember the last time she felt so sublime. She actually made an effort to pick out an outfit and did her hair in a slick up-do that paid homage to Elvis. She decided on white knee high boots with small heels, red leggings and a black and white flowing shirt. Maybe moving on was more of a possibility than she had cared to admit.
The only time she thought about Eric was in English class. His absence was hard to ignore when it was in front of her face. She had tried to see the councilor again, but the secretary told her she was out sick. Zarah had her make a note in the counselor's schedule so she would know Zarah wanted to see her when she got back.
In science class Zarah found a note on her desk after she stumbled through writing Hydro Bi Carbonate on the board.

You want to go out?
Travis

She looked up at him, Travis, the most popular guy among the girls. He had shoulder length blonde hair, bright blue eyes and cut arms: not too beefy and not too skinny. He always wore cool band shirts and seemed half-way intelligent, which was unlike the other popular kids. He was also a little taller than Zarah, which would make her feel less self-conscious if they were standing next to one another and holding hands. Zarah closed her eyes and shook her imagination out of day-dream mode. She sighed.

She wrote: 
No. I am with someone else. 
She scratched it out and wrote: 
Yes.

After class she folded it up, walked up to him and slipped it in his jean's pocket. He watched her with great fascination as she smiled and walked away. It was nice to feel noticed and wanted again.
Even though she had tried to flirt with Travis in an attempt to forget about Eric's absence, she found herself hoping to see him in English.
He was still absent.
She kept glancing at Eric's seat, hoping he would materialize spontaneously. It was unbearably mundane without him. If Zarah continued down her current path though, it wouldn't even matter. It worried her, but the prospect of moving on was exciting.
At lunch time Travis invited himself up to their lunch table.
"Hey Cadence, Zarah."
"Hi Travis," Cadence said with a smile. This drew a frown from Tim.
"I'm Travis," he said to him immediately.
"Hey."
"What's up?" Cadence said.
"I came to sit with Zarah."
"Ohhh... I see."
Zarah blushed.
"Were you serious?" he asked.
"I. Uh. Yeah."
"About?" Cadence asked.
"Zarah and I are planning a date."
Cadence's face lit up and she squeezed Zarah's hand so hard under the table she winced.
"We should make it a double!" Cadence yelled. "Tim come with me to whatever they have planned."
His face softened.
"Sounds great."
"Fantastic. Call me when you have the details Zarah. All the details."
"Ok. Hey Cadence do you mind if Travis and I sit somewhere today?"
"No. I don't. Just call me later."
"Alright."
"It was good meeting you Tim. See ya Cadence."
They moved to an empty area.
"Travis I wanted to warn you. I don't know how any of this is going to go. I just got out of a relationship, and I'm not sure if I've moved on completely."
He flipped his head back, and his blonde hair bounced away from his eyes.
"It's fine Zarah. I'm just looking to see what happens." 
He held her hand. She immediately remembered the last time she had held Eric's hand and smiled. Surely it was okay to bask in his memory a little bit longer. 
"We will just take it one step at a time," he said, his light voice brought her back to reality.
"Alright."
"Do you smell that?" Travis asked.
"No?"
"Smells like rotten fish. Wonder if they're having plumbing problems."
"No. I don't smell a thing," Zarah said.
"Alright well let me know what movie you ladies decide on."
He looked around, puzzled and put his face in his shirt.
"I will."
"Smells so gross... see ya."
"Bye."
As he walked away he cried out and fell to the ground. He flailed his arms like he was trying to knock something off of his back but couldn't quite reach it.
Zarah ran to him; the smell of rot struck her like a slap to the face. Cold, hair raising fear crept over her.
Spots of blood expanded and bled through the back of his shirt. Students quieted and stared at the two of them.
"Can we get some help! He needs the nurse!" She yelled.
Teachers ran to him and helped him to his feet.
He moaned.
"Can someone scratch my back? Please! Oh God, it itches so bad!"
Zarah followed behind the two teachers that carried him to the nurse's office.
"Looks like something bit you," the nurse said. "Did either of you see what it was?"
"No."
"It's bleeding through the bandage, and it looks like its getting more infected by the second. I've never seen anything like this before. I'm calling 911. You need to be seen by a doctor!"
Zarah looked back at Travis, and it looked like he had fallen asleep.
She looked up for the nurse.
He grabbed her wrist.
"I'm still here Zarah," he whispered.
"It's ok," she said.
He gripped her tighter.
"I'm still here!"
She looked into his eyes and saw pools of darkness.
Zarah's scream stuck in her throat. She stumbled back, slipped and hit the floor.
"Are you ok Zarah?" Travis whispered. He peered over at her with his blue eyes.
Zarah breathed quickly, hyper ventilating. She knew it was him, but she could not find the words to reply.
"Zarah what happened?" the nurse asked.
"I... I fell. I need to talk to the counselor. Can you call the office and see if she is here today?"
"Yes. I will."
Zarah followed her out, shaking. She tried to take deep breaths but could not manage it.
"This is Nurse Sierra, Zarah is having a panic attack I think. Is the counselor here today? Okay. Thank you. She'll be coming now."
When Zarah heard Ms. Winter's was there, she ran out of the clinic towards the office.
She burst through her door bawling. Ms. Winter's did not look surprised to see her and sat at her desk with her hands atop one another. She was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. 
"Zarah? What's wrong with you?"
"It's still following me. It won't leave me alone."
"Please, sit down. Tell me everything," she said and made no motion to get her pen or pad.
"I... I don't know if I can. It's pretty crazy."
"You must know by now. I am aware of your problem. Why else would I give you this?"
She slowly removed something from her desk drawer and placed it on the table: the medicine bag. It was swollen, black and dripped with a foul smelling liquid. 
Zarah noticed the counselor looked very tired. No make up caked her face that day, displaying acne scars and brown skin. Color seemed to have drained from it since Zarah had seen her last.  Her hair looked unwashed; her wrinkled t-shirt looked like it had been worn for several days. Zarah did not know if the smell came from the bag or her.
"At first I was very angry when I found it at home. But no more. It made me realize the danger you are in. I was attacked too. It was drawn to me by the evil absorbed by the bag."
"I'm so sorry I got you involved."
"Zarah, it's fine," she said.
"You seem so mad," Zarah said, noticing her monotone.
"No. I am very tired and shaken."
"Oh," Zarah stared at her. "I thought you were out sick?"
Ms. Winters sighed.
"I am very ill. But, I called to see if you had tried to contact me today. When I heard you did I came up here just in case. You are very important to me Zarah."
Ms. Winter's unblinking, bloodshot eyes seemed to look through Zarah instead of at her as if they were too exhausted to focus.
"Zarah do you have any idea how to banish this creature?"
"No. But..."
"Yes?"
"I have a book. A diary. It could help. But, I'm afraid to read it. I feel like it wants me to."
Interest sparked in her vacant expression. She blinked slowly and looked into Zarah's eyes.
"Read it."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. I am. Read it."
"Ok."
"Are you going to? I don't know how much longer I can last. Whenever I sleep it bites me. I can't stay home sick. I have to work."
Zarah hesitated to answer, and in the silence she heard Ms. Winters grip her desk. Her nails bent and scraped against its wood. 
"Ok. I will."
Ms. Winters leaned back into her chair.
"Ok. Do you feel... better?"
"Yeah. I guess."
But, Zarah knew the session had proved more therapeutic for Ms. Winters than herself and wondered why.
"Out with you then."
Zarah tried to leave the room as quickly as possible.
"Ok thanks," Zarah was closing the door when Ms. Winters screamed.
"Zarah wait!"
"What's wrong?" She poked her head back into the room though her instincts told her to escape while she could.
"Don't... don't... don't read."
"Huh?"
She sighed and closed her eyes for a moment.
"Don't forget to read it."
"Uh. Ok. Goodbye."
"Yes. For now."
Zarah raised an eyebrow, closed the door and went back to the nurse's office.
For some reason she felt dizzy, and her stomach was in knots. She hadn't felt so fretful in awhile. She figured her nerves were rejecting the notion of going back to the nurse's office. But, she had to make sure Travis was okay. She entered and went straight to where Travis had been resting. He was gone.
"Where is Travis?" She asked the nurse.
"I had to send him to the hospital. He seized and stopped breathing. I was able to resuscitate him. He's headed to White Cross Memorial if you want to check on him."
"I will. Thank you."
"Oh. And he left something for you. Something gross... hold on."
She brought a zip lock bag with the medicine bag in it. It looked bloated and black jelly oozed out of it, settling at the bottom of the baggy.
Zarah couldn't stop herself: she sobbed, loudly.
"He said to tell you it's yours now, forever. I don't know what it means. Oh my... what's wrong?"
"No... nothing."
Zarah understood. 
Escaping it was impossible: it was time to accept her responsibility and read the journal. There was no other choice. 
She took the plastic bag and put it in her pocket.
Zarah felt like she was being followed the rest of the day. She ran into Cadence in the hall before leaving school.
"Cadence. Would tonight be cool for the movie?"
"Uh, yeah? Yeah! I don't think Tim is doing anything tonight."
"Ok. Travis won't be able to make it."
"Are you ok Zarah? You look flustered."
Zarah shook her head.
"I'm not. Travis is in the hospital. I'm pretty sure it's because of me. The counselor weirded me out when I tried to talk to her, and I feel like some creepo is following me."
"You mean like before?"
"Yes like before. I kind of want to make sure Travis is ok."
"That's fine. I'll talk to my sister and bribe her if I have to? unless you think your mom can chauffeur us?"
"I'll ask. She might," Zarah said.
"Ok. Just give me a call. I'll have back up ready in case."
"Ok. Thanks Cadence. I don't want to be alone right now."
"I know. I can tell. It's what besties are for."
Zarah smiled.
"Thanks. I'll call you."
"Ok! Bye!"
Zarah did not want to be alone. She did not want to be alone ever again.

Chapter 42: 21 Questions
Eric and Rosilee drove towards Collinsville, Illinois.  While Rose drove Eric slept and dreamed of being tied to a post naked by white robed figures who watched as he struggled and screamed. He yelled for Zip but she never came. He broke free of his bonds and the people scattered. Terror rang out in their screams.
He woke with his face pressed against the window. Rose was pumping gas. She saw him awake and smiled at him. He got out of the car.
"How close are we?" He asked as he stretched his sore muscles.
"Five hours out. Have a good sleep?"
"Yes. Thanks."
"Wash the bugs off the windshield for me?"
"Yeah sure," Eric grabbed a squeegee and wiped the windshield.
"Eric, I am sorry you've had to go through all this."
"It's fine. Really. Should have expected rejection and judgment. That's all I've ever gotten in my life."
Rose put her arm around him and hugged him.
"It'll all be ok."
Eric nodded.
"I'll get over it. Let's get going."
They switched again. Rose wondered if everything was really going to be alright. She wondered if they should continue or heed the council's decision. Still she knew Eric and Zip better than they did. She could make the call. If she were still a council member she could have convinced them otherwise. She knew the lailia respected her wishes about the car. She ran along side, only resting when they stopped: a testament of the strength of their bond and Eric's soul. They both had a seemingly eternal well of patience and respect to draw from.
Eric started to get back into the car.
"Keep an old woman company for a minute would you? I need to walk for a moment before we get back in."
He smiled. 
"Sure."
They went inside the gas station for a few minutes, got some drinks and snacks and went back to the car.
"So what's in Collinsville? Eric asked when they got back on the road. "Meant to ask before I passed out."
"My people prospered there. Many other tribes migrated there to become part of our nation. My people believed they would spread their teachings across the land, bringing everyone they reached into a new form of consciousness. In this way they would make the world a utopia. Tezca ruined all that."
"I thought Coatl defeated her?"
"He won a decisive victory against her, yes, but the collateral damage was catastrophic for my people. Such is the outcome when two super powers collide."
"It must have been some game of Chunkey. I wish I had seen it."
"You don't," she said firmly. "People disintegrated spontaneously, lailias turned on their masters. Priestesses and shaman alike lost their minds because of their sensitivity to spirit energy. The foundation of our society was turned on its head. A city that housed tens of thousands of thriving Cahokians was all but empty when their game ended. They had the same idea as you, to be entertained and awed by two gods at play. It was far from play. The world would be a different place had my people they chosen exodus over spectating. So the legend goes. No one really knows why they vanished, but most choose to believe it had something to do with Tezca and Coatl."  
"I didn't mean to offend you, ma'am."
"You didn't."
Eric drove in silence for a few minutes. It was a clear brisk, night. The windshield fogged up from the heat in the car. Eric wondered if Zarah was staring up at the same stars. He wondered if she still thought about him. He didn't know if he should hope for her thoughts to be with him or not. Thinking about him and Zip might lead to thoughts of Tezca. 
"Rose, I hope you don't mind me asking, but why don't you have a lailia?"
Rose looked at him and smiled.
"All of us are blessed with different gifts Eric. I use mine to guide lailias and their masters, bringing them together with a sense of harmony and purpose."
That answer was not good enough for Eric. She came from a bloodline of powerful priestesses. There had to be a reason she didn't have a lailia of her own.
"Does it have something to do with Tezca?" he asked.
She massaged her own temples and took a deep breath.
"Yes. Women from my bloodline are all highly susceptible to her cunning. When it came time for me to choose which path to take, that of a lailia master or the role of a priestess, I chose the latter. I did not want to risk any unnecessary exposure to her."
"Has she messed with you before? Like what she's doing to Zarah?"
Rose stared down the dark road.
"I don't want to talk about Tezca anymore Eric. Not tonight anyway. If you meet her you will understand why I don't enjoy being reminded of her. Just know like Zarah, I too had trials to face. I triumphed and excelled far beyond the expectations of my teachers and the pinnacles of other young apprentices."
She saw shame cross Eric's face and rubbed his back.
"It's fine, child. I'm not upset. You are entitled to questions, especially regarding our adversary. I just don't want you to fear her."
Eric smirked.
"That's the thing. I don't, and if I did, I wouldn't now after hearing that you were able to deal with her. I'm your apprentice. That means I have an even better chance of showing her I'm her match. I will save Zarah. Tezca will know what it means to be afraid before we are done with her."
Rose nodded and gave him a warm smile.
"I find reasons to respect you more every day child."
They passed a sign with lodging and restaurant pictures on it.
"Let's eat dinner and call it a night, Eric."
"Are you sure, ma'am? I can drive awhile longer. The sooner we get there the better."
"Don't be overzealous. We aren't machines. We will need our rest for what's to come."
Eric agreed reluctantly and exited.

Chapter 43: Dinner and a Movie
Zarah had an awful feeling about it, but decided she would never forgive herself if she did not go see Travis. She wanted Cadence and Tim to go with her though. Going alone would have been the worst idea of all.
When they saw him he had lost weight: at least 10 pounds. His bites had swollen.
"The doc says they're spider bites. But they can't identify the venom," he told her. 
He sounded tired. Dead strands of his blonde hair clung to his pillow. All the color had drained from his normally, tan, glowing skin. It clung to his cheekbones and chin.
"I'm sorry Travis," Zarah said.
"It's ok. We can hang out another night. You guys go have a good time."
"Nuh-uh," Cadence said. "Zarah said not without you. Why don't you and Zarah just hang out here. I think I have my laptop in the car. You could borrow it... rent some movies and chill here and watch them," Cadence said.
"Yeah. That would be cool," Travis said and looked and Zarah expectantly. "I haven't had any company all day."
Zarah's heart sank. She tried to transmit her fears to Cadence with a look, but her friend did not notice.
"You sure that's ok Cadence?" Zarah asked.
Cadence looked directly at her, but still didn't seem like she understood the situation she was creating.
"Yeah. I don't think the three of us will be able to cuddle up and watch something on that laptop. I think you and Travis deserve a night together anyway."
"Yeah. Ok," Zarah said.
"Alright. We'll take a rain-check on the movie," Cadence said with a smile.
"Later Cadence. Thanks for coming," Travis croaked.
Cadence winked at him.
"I'll be right back Travis. Don't go anywhere," Zarah said with a smile.
Travis laughed.
"It hurts... don't make me laugh."
"Is it ok?" Cadence asked in the elevator.
Zarah zipped her white and red Beatles "Love" hoodie up and shoved her hands in her pockets.
"Yeah."
"Well, why are you mad then?"
"I'm not. Just apprehensive. Feels weird in there."
"Oh."
Zarah noticed Cadence had her arms crossed and was shivering even though she was wearing a heavy coat and jeans.
"You felt it too, didn't you?" Zarah asked.
"Huh? Nah. My laptop is no IMAX you know? That's all," she said. 
Zarah cocked her head to the side and stared her down. 
"Whatever Zarah," Cadence said. "Stop being moody. You get to hang out with him. Alone."
"That's the point, Cadence. Alone. Exactly what I wanted to avoid," Zarah turned away from her.
"Oh. Right. Well, just tell him something came up. You came and saw. You don't have to conquer tonight."
"Who says I want to conquer, period? He's not exactly my kind of conquest."
Zarah could not believe she had admitted that out loud.
"Right well maybe jealously is what will win your war Zarah. Think about it. I'll run the laptop up to him before I head home. See you later. Be safe."
Cadence hugged Zarah. 
"Call if you need anything," she said as she got in the passenger seat of her sister's car.
Zarah gave a mock smile and walked to the nearby bus stop. Cadence's flake out had annoyed her, but she was right. Eric would come back eventually. Maybe a fling with Travis would remind him of what was at stake. 
Zarah hopped on the bus to the video store and called her mom to inform her of the change of plans, then thought better of it. She texted Cadence.
Hey, if Mom calls we went to the movies ok?
Hehe. Gotcha. Love ya Zarah.
Love you too.
Zarah tried to be thoughtful with her movie choices, but wanted to get back as soon as possible. She didn't know if worry or want of Travis' company drove her. She wanted to hang out with him, but she wanted to get it over with. Being alone with him just didn't feel right. She missed Eric on top of everything. Hanging out with Travis just wasn't the same. She saw a kung-fu movie that looked interesting and grabbed a chick flick she was familiar with as well. She took the movies to the counter.
"Hey is this movie any good? I've never seen this actor before."
She held up the martial arts movie.
"Oh yeah," the cashier said. "Donnie Yen is amazing. You really know how to pick action movies."
"Well I like decent action flicks like any free thinking teenager. I'm just really choosey."
The cashier laughed. 
Zarah paid for the movies and waited for the bus to get back to the hospital.
She wished she was going to see Eric, but missing him again brought her back to the reason why she missed him in the first place. It was his decision to lie to her. What he was specifically lying about irked her. She hated the self-doubt and the questions it spawned. 
What if he was just lying about Zip to protect her? 
"That has to be it!" she whispered to herself. She picked up her phone and looked at the time. It was still early enough to call his house.
She called him. The bus pulled up, and she got on.
"Hello?"
It was his dad. Her heart shuttered with anxiety.
"Good evening sir. Is Eric available to talk?"
"No. He's still gone on his trip."
"He's on a trip?"
"Yes. But I can't talk about it. College funding is at stake. He should be back in a few days, or that's what the college representative said."
"Was the representative an older woman?"
"Yes how did you? Wait. I can't talk about this," he slurred. "Don't call back here for at least a few days. He'll be back then. You hear?"
"Uh. Yes. Yes sir."
Zarah hung up and immediately called Rosilee. She didn't pick up.
"Grandma made him lie to me? but why?"
Zarah realized the bus had stopped at her stop. The driver started to close the door and she jumped up.
"Wait, sorry!"
The driver opened the door.
"Pay attention!"
"I said sorry!" 
Zarah got off the bus and went back into the hospital.
She tried calling her grandmother several times before she made it back to Travis' floor.
"Grandma," she said to her answering machine. "I know what's going on. I know you're trying to protect me. But, there has to be another way. And if you're trying to protect me, it means all this is true. All this is happening. It's not in my head. So stop trying to make me think that," she said and took a deep breath. "Just call me back when you two get home okay? I love you. Bye."
She went into Travis' room. The feeling she felt before wasn't there. He smiled at her, and despite wanting to be around Eric it made her feel warm inside. She smiled back.
"I brought a couple movies back for us to watch."
She showed them to him.
 "Ip Man? Oh cool it's a Bruce Lee story! This one looks awesome! Why did you get Never Been Kissed though?"
"Too much action makes me hurl."
"Some girly in you after all then?"
"Seems so. Not proud of it but I am who I am."
"Well, I like you just fine."
He scooted over for her, and she lay next to him.
They started the movie. He held her hand and put his arm around her. It felt nice, simple: just what she needed.
"I'm here to clean you up and give you some anti-inflammatory," the nurse said. "Hey. How old are you? The hospital does not allow visitors under 16 without supervision."
"Uh."
"Her mom just stepped out to get some food. I didn't want to be alone. We're just watching Ip Man. Have you seen it?"
"Movies like that aren't really my thing. I guess it's ok. I need to clean you though. Excuse me for a sec."
"Sorry," Zarah said and moved for her.
"It's fine. Never seen spider bites like this. Nasty. Going to have to drain it a little."
"No. Just give me the injections."
"We'll have to confer with your parents sir."
"My mom is dead and my dad is overseas. He's probably in a meeting about now."
A look of pity crossed the nurse's face.
"Alright. We will try to get in touch with him. Ma'am, since he has no one, I suppose you can hang out with him a bit longer."
Zarah managed a smile. Somehow it seemed she was meant to endure a night with him, but was it truly fated, or was someone else tugging on her strings?
"I will try to stay as long as I can."
"That way his boogie man won't get him," she winked at him.
He blushed. 
Zarah closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
"It must have been the drugs or something," Travis said, and misread Zarah's reaction, thinking she was embarrassed to be with him.
"Or the venom," she nodded. "But you were definitely scared. Had to change your sheets!"
Zarah laughed to release some of her own tension and saw Travis' pale face had turned red.
 "Oh sorry. I speak before I think," the nurse giggled.
"It's fine," he said.
Zarah laid a reassuring hand on his shoulder, and he pulled away.
"It's alright. Really," Zarah said, rubbing his tense shoulder.
He looked into her and saw sincerity swimming amongst the brown of her eyes. She felt him relax beneath her grip and smiled at him.
"Just put in that movie and sit right here," he patted the bed.
"Ok."
Zarah liked the way he held her and stroked her hand.
Still, she wished Eric would talk to her. A relationship with Travis would never mean as much to her as the few months her and Eric had shared. Hopefully, whenever Eric found out, he would get jealous and never ignore her again. She knew it was a childish notion, but so what. If this was how she was going to bring Eric back into her life and keep him there, the end justified her method.
She fell asleep on Travis' shoulder.
Her phone's alarm woke her up. The laptop's screen was blinking. She turned it off and turned to wake Travis up and tell him she had to get back home. He was staring at her.
"Awake?"
"Yeah. I wish I could stay longer, but I have to go."
"Answer me first," he said and sat up.
His eyes shone in the dim light of the room. His pale skin and blonde hair made him look like some kind of apparition.
"Huh?"
"Did you read the diary?"
"What?"
Zarah tried to step back from him, but he caught her in one of his bony hands and drew her closer.
"The diary," he said. "Did you read it?"
"Uh no. Not yet. Can you let me go? I've got to get back."
 "I told you to read it."
"This isn't you Travis. Calm down."
"You don't know me."
His other hand went for her throat. She tried to knock it away, but he was too strong. Zarah couldn't yell for help, so she stretched for the call button. She couldn't reach it.
Travis growled and threw up on her. He went limp and fell on the bed. He seized. 
Zarah hit the call button.
"The bag," he choked out.
She didn't reply and started to pack the laptop up. The nurse would be there any second. She would be safe.
"It won't save you much longer."
She tried not to, but she cried.
"This is your fault?" he rasped through a tight smile as she fled the room. "This is your fault."
The nurse met her on the way out.
"He's having a seizure? I didn't know what to do."
The nurse's eyes widened.
"I need some help in here!" she called before she went into his room. Other nurses followed her.
Zarah ran into the bathroom and wiped at the black grainy vomit with a paper towel. His words repeated themselves in her mind. She took her frustrations out on her hoodie, scrubbing furiously and howled and through the towel in the sink. Another Beatles favorite, ruined. She could see red marks on her neck and tried to zip her hoodie up to cover them with shaking hands. He was right though: it was her fault.
Zarah heard Travis bellow. She dashed out of the bathroom and wanted to go to him, but felt fettered by fear and paced outside his room.
A few minutes later, the nurse came out with Zarah's things.
"I need to get him some more meds, quick. Here's your stuff. He said he was sorry by the way."
"What?"
"I don't know," she said as she dashed away to get find what she needed. "Kept saying he was sorry. Did y'all break up or something?"
"No. Well, maybe. Take care of him please."
"We will. Goodnight."
Zarah left the hospital and called Cadence.
"Can you come and get me?"
"It's late, but my sister won't care I don't think."
"Ok. Please hurry Cadence."
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing. I just don't want to be alone long."
"Ok. Where will I meet you?"
"The bus stop outside the hospital."
"Ok. Stay there."
Zarah sat down. A few cars passed her now and then, but she was mostly alone. It made her nervous. The light flickered. She gasped.
"It's nothing," she said out loud. "It's nothing at all."
The lights flickered faster and blinked off.
She could smell it. Something cold soaked through her pocket. She felt to see what it was. When she reached in, it felt like freezing glue. She pulled her hand back. Sticky black goo stained it. She wiped it off on the bench and pulled the bag from her jean pocket. The plastic bag around it had crumpled, the seams opened, and the black liquid spilled out on her jeans and on the ground. She could hear it whispering. The bus came. She jumped on it and texted Cadence.
"Does this bus run towards the municipal complex on Covell? My neighborhood is right across the street from there."
"You won't find any lines going out there this late. I would make an exception, but if I let you stay on the bus that smell you brought in with you will never come out. You're getting off at the next stop."
Zarah closed her eyes and tried to calm down. Cadence would come and get her. She would be there soon. She just had to get a hold of her.
Her jeans creaked as she moved from the seat.
She got off and tried to call Cadence. Downtown was drifting to sleep around her. Only the street lights and the bugs buzzing around them kept her company. She sat under the glass overhang of the bus stop on the bench and waited.
Her cell phone flickered on turned off. She reached down to turn it back on, and it rang: an unknown number.
"Cadence?"
She heard a wet gurgle in her ear, and then a breathy whisper of a voice.
"No."
"It's... you."
"I told you it wouldn't save you long."
"What do you want?"
"To sink my teeth into you and savor the taste."
Zarah trembled and hung up. It rang again. She turned it off but it didn't matter. It kept ringing. She turned the ringer down. It vibrated in her hand. She would have to stay and hope Cadence found her.
She felt safer now that the bag was gone, but she smelled like it. She heard it whisper her name. It was loud like it was whispering from the inside of her skull. Her sight went hazy, her head rang, and her skin felt hot. Then, it occurred to her. She could not move.
She tried to scream, but her body would not respond. Instead, she stood and smiled, but it was not her smiling. She felt like a puppet, and that realization made her more frightened than she had ever been in her life.
"Your body is nice," it said through her lips. "So young and fresh."
She licked her own fingers and arm and sank her teeth into it.
"So sweet," it mouthed.
She pulled her head back and held her wound, sobbing and moaning.
Cadence's sister pulled up in her red Volkswagon Bug. The tinted driver's side window rolled down.
 "Zarah why didn't you stay at the stop?" Cadence's sister, Melody, asked.
Zarah tried to turn around, so they wouldn't see her bloody face, but it was too late.  
"Oh my God? are you ok!"
They both jumped out of the car to look at her more closely.
"Yeah I am... now that you both are here." 
She tried to wipe her face, but she knew it was futile. Blood was all over her.
"You're bleeding!" Cadence said.
"I'm fine," Zarah said.
"It looks like a bite!" Cadence saw Zarah's bloodied face and her red teeth.
"Did you... do this to yourself?"
She stepped away from Zarah.
"No... I," she cried.
"Cadence don't be like that," her sister snapped. "This is your friend. Let's get her home. Zarah use these wipes on your face. Here's a mirror. I think I have a cloth in here somewhere for your arm?"
Cadence's sister dug around in her purse while Zarah looked at herself in the mirror and cleaned her face. Her trembling hands made it even messier.
Cadence's sister handed her a cloth and opened the car door for her.
"Put that on your arm and hold it there so the bleeding will stop," Melody said.
"Thanks. I'm so sorry."
Melody shook her head, her short black bob bounced. She was taller than Cadence but still not as tall as Zarah.
"It's okay."
A cold gust of wind blew against them, she pulled her long black wool sweater across her slender frame. 
"Get in," she told Zarah. "It's freezing."
Cadence didn't say a word to Zarah the whole ride to her house.
Zarah wanted to freak out, but didn't want to be that emotional in front of Cadence and her sister. She wished Cadence would stop being so judgmental and be a friend. Tears mixed with make up dribbled down her face at that thought, and she rubbed them with a hand, smearing black goo on her face. She took deep breaths to try to calm herself down.
Cadence's sister looked at her in the rear view mirror.
"Are you okay Zarah?"
"I'm just freaked out. I'll be okay. Thanks," she sniffed.
They pulled up to her house a few minutes later.
 "Thanks for the ride guys," Zarah said when they got home.
"No prob," Melody said. "Make sure you put peroxide on that. Don't let it get infected."
"Bye Cadence. Thanks."
Melody smacked one of Cadence's bare legs.
"Yeah. Bye."
"Sorry about your seat," Zarah said to Melody.
"It's fine. Some detergent water should take it out. Bye!"
They drove off. Zarah tried to think of a good lie to tell her mother as she walked up to the door.

Chapter 44: Lost...
Eric felt something tap him.
"Wake up Eric," Rose said.
He opened his groggy eyes and did not recognize where he was. He vaguely remembered Rose carrying him painstakingly to a hotel bed and tucking him in.
"What time is it?"
"4am."
"Why so early?"
"What we have to do has to be done at sunrise, sunset and midnight. These rituals will be your test, your trial. They may not believe in you but I do. It is time to see if you believe in yourself."
"I believe I want this more than I've wanted anything. I will do whatever it takes."
Rose nodded.
"What I want you to do is say is: I believe in myself."
"I believe... in myself."
"It is important you believe this as strongly as you want Zip. While your passion is admirable it will not be enough. If you cannot believe in what you are and what you are doing you will be killed, injured, or mentally broken. None of which I will be able to live with."
"Ok."
"Don't look so down. Just whisper it to yourself today. I won't care."
"Ok."
"Stop saying ok and do it."
"I believe in myself."
"Again."
"I believe in myself."
"Whenever you feel doubt. Say it."
"Alright. I'm ready."
"We'll see. I brought some breakfast? breakfast tacos from Jack in the Box."
"Never had it."
"Well I got enough for the three of us... Where is Zip?"
"She's probably out hunting. I'll eat hers. Smells delicious," he rummaged through the paper bag and unwrapped his taco.
"It's because it is. Eat your fill. Gonna need all the energy you can get."
Rose said that but decided to sit and watch TV while he ate. 
"Not hungry?"
"I ate some chocolate on the way back. Spoiled my appetite. Eat up."
She had no appetite. Her worry for Eric and Zip and also for Zarah ate away at her instead. She hoped Eric would make it, but the truth was she had no idea what would happen.
They ate their fill.
"Ok Eric. My dear child. We must study this ritual."
Rose placed some typed documents in his hand.
"Go ahead and read over these."
Eric looked over the first page before Eric sighed. The rituals required singing: a sense of rhythm and harmony. It also mentioned synchronized dancing. Eric felt afraid for the first time since the trip began. The driving lesson had just been anxiety. This was fear.
"You're pale as the moon! What's wrong?" Rose asked.
"It just seems hard. I don't know if I can do it."
"You have to believe you can. And you will do it. I am going to be right here helping you."
"But I'm going to have to ? sing. And I'm not a good singer."
"It doesn't matter how you good you sound. It's just about the frequency of your voice."
"The frequency?"
"Yes. The tone. We will have to sing together and harmonize. Sing this note."
She sang a note that she thought would be in his vocal range.
He tried, and his voice cracked.
"I can't."
"Okay, let's try warm ups and then we'll try again."
Rose taught Eric how to warm his voice up. He was embarrassed because his voice kept cracking at first, but in later exercises he found he could hit notes he couldn't before.
"See child. You can sing. Now try that note again. I'm going to sing with you so don't get surprised and stop."
Eric sang his note clearly and loudly.
Rose smiled and sang as well.
"Did you feel us resonate?"
"I could hear it. But I couldn't feel it really."
"Alright. We'll try a few more exercises then so you can get a feel for what you need to do."
They sang together, harmonizing, Rose would sing random notes and see if Eric could keep up with her.
"Seems simple enough," Eric said when they were done.
"Yes. As long as you remain focused and we resonate correctly it should be fine. When we start this we will have a limited amount of time to finish. We will be able to rest after the sunset ritual."
"Thought we only had three to do?"
"Three different types. Several performances at certain sites."
"In this heat?"
"This is the easy part Eric."
"Ok. Let's fill the cooler with water and get started."
"Good. How are you feeling?"
"I believe in myself."
"Fantastic. You almost sound sincere."
Eric sighed.
As they drove through the wilds of Illinois Eric thought about what he would need to do for the ritual. He focused on staying positive. He loved Zip. He cared for Zarah. He wanted to complete the rituals for them both, so he could protect them. No one else believed in him, but Rose did. She believed he could become a hero: the hero that Zarah needed. Tezca would not harass her or anyone else again.
"Eric," Rose said and tore him away from his thoughts.
"Yes ma'am."
"Follow me, we're here."
They walked out into a field for what seemed like forever. Eric turned around and could not see the car anymore, just pale grass that reached up to his waist.
"Why couldn't we drive out here?"
"My car isn't equipped for off-roading. This isn't supposed to be easy Eric. Stow the attitude. Or do we need to go home?"
"I believe in myself ma'am. I'm sorry."
"Good child."
They crossed through a large field toward a sloping tree line. Eric could see for miles. Buffeted by the wind, dried grass waved from hillsides that surrounded them. Eric had hoped it would be a cool day, but the frost from the night before had been chased away. It had to be the warmest post Fall day of all time. Sweat collected on his head and under his shirt.
"When we get to the crest of that hill we will be almost there."
Eric shook his head. Beads of sweat fell from his face like rain. His shirt was soaked. He looked down at his boots in the tall grass. A loud chirp pulled him from his exhaustion born depression. He saw Zip frolicking at full speed on the hill sides some distance away. He smiled. He had to make it. Zarah and Zip were depending on him. He pressed on.
They came to two circles of dirt in the field. It looked like grass hadn't grown there for a long time.
"This is it. Stand here while I take my position. Zip!"
A storm of grass and dirt knocked Eric from his feet. Rose helped him up.
"Stand between us please," Rose said. "And place your hands on ours. It doesn't matter if we feel you, your connection to us will be enough."
Zip's size increased, and when she stood on her hind legs she was nearly as tall as Rosilee. She gripped Rose's hand and then Eric's.
Rose stared at her. Eric thought he saw fear in her eyes and wondered what it meant.
"Now sing the parts we practiced. One and two and?"
They sang together. A few minutes into the ritual Rose heard Eric's voice waver.
"We must start over," she said.
"What? I can't do that again. My voice is tired."
"Drink some water from your pack. In five minutes we try again. And this time we must do it right. We have two other places to visit and a short amount of time to do so."
"Sorry ma'am."
"If I can hear you apologizing you are not drinking. Drink your water, and I will show you some more things we can do to warm your voice up." 
Eric drank.
"Now, sing with me and we will try again when your voice is ready."
Eric did some vocalises with her, and they joined hands again.
They sang together, and Eric felt a pain in his head.
He grunted, and Zip moaned.
"Unfortunately that means its working. Keep singing."
After another minute throbbing pain jolted from his head throughout his body. He fell to his knees.
"Keep singing!"
Zip shrieked. Eric couldn't feel her hand anymore. He heard her wail once more before an explosion deafened him and knocked the wind from his lungs. His ears rang. He looked for Zip but could not see her. 

Chapter 45: Alienated
Zarah walked in the house and heard Jet jump up from the couch.
"Zarah is that you?"
Zarah ran upstairs before Jet got to the door.
"Zarah! I need to talk to you!"
She grabbed a hoodie and locked herself in her bathroom. She applied peroxide to her bite and put a large band-aid on it. She would clean it more thoroughly and wrap it later, right now hiding it from her mom was the most important thing. She put the hoodie on and left her room to face her mother's wrath.
Jet was standing in her doorway.
"What was that all about. And where have you been? I tried to call you and your phone was off. I tried to call Cadence and all she said is that I had to ask you. That she wasn't involved."
"That selfish bitch?" Zarah muttered.
"Zarah!" Jet held her fast. "Look at me."
Zarah looked at her with tears in her eyes.
"Why are you talking about your friend like that? What happened tonight?"
Zarah told her mom about what happened with Travis, how he went to the hospital and how she went to see him.
"And you why didn't you tell me you wanted to do this? We could have gone up there together."
Zarah hugged her.
"I just wanted to do it alone. I don't know mom. I just needed to hang out with him alone."
"You're not having sex are you?"
"Mom! Gross!"
"Zarah I'm being serious. You're not having sex with this boy are you?"
"No mom. I just wanted to be with someone that was interested in me. Someone that wanted to be my friend."
Jet held her close.
"You have me and your dad. You know that," she said. "Your grandma is there for you too. And Eric and Cadence."
"Dad is never here. Eric doesn't talk to me. Cadence doesn't want to talk to me. I love you Mom. And I appreciate your support. But now? I really just want to be alone right now," she went into her room.
"I love you too," Jet said.
Zarah closed the door and sat on her bed. She wanted to call Cadence and talk to her.
She hid her bite from her mother and applied peroxide and some gauze.
She worked up the nerve to call Cadence.
After the tenth time she answered.
"What."
"Cadence, I'm sorry. The thing, the spirit or whatever it is..."
"Zarah I'm tired of you using it as an excuse for your insanity. You bit yourself. Something is wrong with you. Maybe it's because of your depression or sickness or whatever you had. So get some help, and get new friends. Because I do not want friends that bite themselves. Period."
"But, it wasn't me Cadence."
"Period Zarah. See you around."
Zarah sniffed, on the brink of bawling, and she heard Cadence sigh.
"Cadence please."
"Bye, Zarah."
She hung up, and Zarah cried til she fell asleep with tears drying on her cheeks.

Chapter 46: Like Mother, Like Daughter
Zarah's mom sighed and dialed her husband on her cell phone.
"Hey honey! How's it goin?"
"That music is pretty loud. Where are you?"
"I'm at a dinner meeting with some of the guys right now. Is everything okay? You sound upset."
"Zarah had a rough day. She came home after curfew looking pretty ragged. She wouldn't really tell me much. She went to the hospital to see one of her friends who got hurt at school today."
"Was it a guy? She was out late with a guy?"
"Yes? but it's fine. I trust her. She's been doing a lot better lately."
"I know but? who is this guy? I don't know if I'm ready for her to be dating yet."
"I don't think they're really dating honey?"
Static snuffed out her husband's voice, and the phone lost its connection.
The lights flickered momentarily.
She tried to call him back but the phone died. She could not turn it back on.
"What in Jesus' name?"
She heard Zarah bawling in the other room and sighed and started to walk from the bed to the door.
A scuttling sound like a cat's claws pulling up bits of carpet started from one end of the room and ran to another.
"There's an animal in here?"
She grabbed one of her husband's electric guitars and advanced toward where she heard the noise. Something smelled disgusting. She looked under the bed and thought she could see a dark shadow underneath the headboard by the wall. 
It rushed past her, nipping the carpet as it ran.
Zarah's mom fell on her back, scrambled up and ran for the door. Half way there the lights flickered and turned off. She heard the carpet snap up around her and swung her guitar til her arms were sore.
"Zarah!" she screamed.
She felt something wet in her mouth.
"She can't hear you," Tezca said into her ear, her whisper sounded wet as if her voice rippled from a pool of shallow water. "I wonder if you'll taste as sweet as she did?"
She tried to scream but could not breathe. The wet thing slid down her throat and into her body. She lay on the floor with a bloated stomach in the darkness while Zarah cried in her room. She could feel it squirm within her before frigidity settled in her. Numbness paralyzed her torso and her arms and legs. She tried to scream for Zarah but could only murmur as the cold muzzled her.
All quieted, and there was nothing but silence and darkness.
She stood, but not of her own accord. 
Urges filled her brain. Blood, she desired blood, her daughter's blood: in her mouth, dripping from her fingertips, soaking into her very skin. Terror intermingled with her violent wish: she didn't want anything to happen to Zarah, she would rather die than hurt her.
"Your death will come soon?" Tezca cooed.
Her vision returned in a blurry mess. She could see her own reflection in a mirror, and as her sight sharpened she could see she held a picture of Zarah. 
Zarah was in a black, feathery dance costume, grinning. She had just gotten home from winning first place for a solo performance. 
She smiled, lifted her other hand above the photo and plunged her nails into the palm of her hand. Droplets of blood cover Zarah's head and slid down her face and body. She put the picture into her mouth and chewed vigorously, ripping the photo in her mouth. The taste of blood delighted and disgusted her.
"Your taste is nothing like hers."
She spat the wet, bloody mess on her dresser.
"This is what she will look like. Mangled. With her insides seeping out of her. Then, I will devour every last morsel of her. Unfortunately, you will not get to see that. Neither will your obstinate mother."
She wanted to scream but could not.
Her smile widened into a blood covered grin.
"Let's go pay her a visit."
She walked to Zarah's room and stood over her.
"I can't kill her, but just a small nibble perhaps."
She picked up Zarah's arm and brought it to her lips and could not use her jaw.
"Impressive willpower. But it will not last long."
Tezca and Zarah's mother fought against each other there for hours with Zarah's arm on her lips. 
She sighed.
"Fine." 
She released Zarah's arm.
"If I can't bring her pain I will contemplate all the horrors I intend to inflict before sending her to meet the rest of your worthless family."
And so, she watched Zarah sleep comfortably and mused of the time she would taste her once more.

Chapter 47: Lies and Truths
Eric came to and didn't quite remember what happened. Rose sat cross-legged in front of him. He looked for Zip and saw the charred pot hole that marked where she had stood. 
It all came back to him in an instant. His blood rushed to his head, and he dashed toward Rose, anger fueling his stride.
"You took her from me!"
He leapt at her and stopped inches from her body. He could not move a muscle. He could not even speak. He could not open his lungs to take a breath.
Rose opened her eyes and stood. 
"You have two choices. One, you trust me, and we head to the next site to complete the ritual. Two, you let that rage turn to hatred and let me decide your fate. Guess what my choices are?"
Eric's face started to turn blue.
"Leave you here to die, alone. Or let you go home, alone. Either way you will never see Zip again unless you trust me. So which is it?"
He felt the pressure lessen on his mouth and chest, and he took a deep breath.
"One," he said.
He tipped over and fell face first into the grass.
Rose strode to him and pulled him up by his lime green Yoda shirt, lifted him off the ground with a single hand and held him aloft.
"If you ever attack me outside of a training exercise again for any reason, you will not have a choice," she said. "You will be dead. Do I make myself clear?"
Her matter-of-fact tone frightened Eric more than anything had in his life. He nodded and felt his cheeks get wet before he realized he was crying.
She tossed him back a few feet, and he stumbled.
"Let's go," she said and walked ahead.
Eric wanted to know why she had done it. He wanted to know a lot of things, but he was afraid to speak. Rose could combust him without moving a finger. He did have the answer to one question, Rose did not need a lailia. She was deadly without one and merciless against anyone who crossed her: a veteran of the battlefield. Then again from what he had learned about Cahokia so far he was not surprised. They did not take betrayal lightly. Their entire society was based on trust.
"Rose..."
She spun and stared at him. 
"I'm sorry."
He swore her brown eyes were electric green before she blinked and took a deep breath.
"I know. I am too, but it had to be done."
"Can you tell me why?"
"Zip came into this world without the help of a herder. Herders assist pupils with summoning their lailias. They exist as spirit creatures like Zip does. Summoned lailias are marked by the herder's energy. In that way herders can banish them or exact amounts of control on them if necessary. Most of the time it is necessary, and you know why. So, I tricked you. We did perform a necessary part of the rite by activating this site. I just used some of the energy to banish Zip in order to herd her properly."
Eric's face creased with emotion. He shook from anger and sadness. He knew she was right though. She knew what had to be done.
"I'm sorry I'm so upset. I trust you, Rose."
Rose hugged him.
"I know you do, and you should take it as a compliment. You are going to be the most powerful lailia master I have ever seen in a matter of days. I know that because you are the most capable one I have ever seen. That is why I did it. I have to make sure I can check your power if I have to. Does that make sense?"
He nodded and squeezed her before letting go.
"Sorry again. I won't betray you again Rose."
She smiled at him.
"Then let's be on our way."

Chapter 48: The Cat's Out of the Bag
Zarah yawned and opened her eyes. As soon as she did she realized it was not 6:30 a.m. She was late for school. She swung herself out of bed and ran into something.
Zarah screamed and scrambled backwards.
"Zarah," Jet said.
Her mom's eyes were red, and there were bold dark circles beneath them apparent even on her brown skin. She rocked back and forth while she stood.
"Sorry Mom? I guess I'm jumpy when I'm tired." 
"No school today," Jet said. "There's some kind of city wide outbreak. You don't have a fever. Do you feel ok?"
"Yeah."
"Ok. Well go ahead and take your shower. Breakfast will be ready soon."
"Ok. Mom?"
"Yes?"
"I love you. I'm sorry about last night."
"I love you too honey. You should check on your friend that's in the hospital."
"I will later."
She checked her phone.
Several texts were there from Cadence asking for her to call.
"Hello."
"Hey. Just woke up."
"Figured," Cadence said. "You had a long night last night."
"Yep. So what's up."
"Um. Have you seen the news?"
"No."
"Oh right you just woke up. Well, they're saying this infection is making people violent."
"Oh?"
"Yeah. Self-mutilation and other crazy stuff. Have you been checked out?"
"Oh. Yeah," she lied. "I'm immune from last time."
"Zarah, until all this is over with do not come near me. I don't want to get sick."
"Is that why you wanted me to call?"
"I just don't want to get sick."
"Look Cadence. You don't want me around? Fine. I'll disappear. You won't hear from me."
"You just scared me last night."
"How do you think I feel!"
"Probably freaked out... but Zarah. Just get the help you need. I'll miss you... but I can't be near you right now."
"Ok. Ok, Cadence."
"Ok."
"Next time I get the urge to nom on something, I'll go for your neck!"
The only reason she didn't hurl her IPhone against the wall was because her music was on it. Still, she gripped it until her hand hurt while she cried.
"Zarah! Breakfast!" She heard Jet call when she got out of the shower.
Zarah dried off and dressed and went downstairs. She smiled when she smelled Jet's cooking. When she got into the kitchen she saw it was a mess. Egg yolk was dribbled on the stove top and on the blue marble counter tops. Powdered sugar was literally everywhere, even on her mother. 
Zarah figured Jet was tired from watching over her the night before, and knew if that was the case criticizing her would probably just upset her. She sat at the table and waited for her food.
"Cadence's afraid of me. She said we can't be friends."
"Well... you did bite yourself honey."
"How did you know?"
"I saw your arm. I already talked to the doctor and he is refilling your meds. I'm going to pick them up after breakfast if you want to come."
"Ok."
The house phone rang.
"Hello? Oh. Hello. Yes. Zarah is here."
"Who is it?"
"Ms. Winters. She wants to talk to you. I'll give you some privacy."
"Alright. Hello?"
Zarah saw Jet turn the corner, tracking powdered sugar as she walked.
"Zarah. Have you read it?"
"No..."
"Zarah read it or, I will have to take action. All of this... it is our fault. I thought my bag would protect you, but it didn't. It just opened another door for it. Allowed it to do all of this. I have a feeling this is just the beginning. Only you can stop this. With the diary. Read it."
"I don't feel like I should," Zarah said quietly. "I feel like it wants me to read it and I don't want to help it do anything. I could be wrong. But it all scares me so much."
"Zarah your fear is nothing compared to what it is capable of. What it has done now is nothing compared to what I will do if you don't read it."
"What? Are you threatening me now?"
"No. No. I meant it, Zarah. It. All I want to do is help."
"Well. I don't want to read it. Maybe I should, but not now."
She heard a growl, a hiss and a dial tone.
"What did she have to say?"
Zarah jumped and dropped the phone. 
"I didn't hear you mom," she said.
"Sorry. What did she have to say?"
"She said reading would be therapeutic."
"Do you even know what that word means?"
"Seriously mom? I knew what that word meant when I was ten."
Jet laughed and coughed. Zarah thought she saw black dribble from her mouth before she dabbed it with her hand. She knew she was just seeing things. Worry was making her delusional. She sat down at the table to eat breakfast.
Jet made her what she made every morning for breakfast: eggs, bacon and French toast with strawberries. For some reason it tasted bland.
"Where's the salt mom? And the syrup?"
"I'm sorry?" Jet turned around and stared at her, shaking and rocking back and forth.
"Um. Mom, have you seen the salt or the syrup?"
"Yes, they're over here on the counter," she picked them up and brought them to the table.
She stared at Zarah's plate as if it were going to divulge a secret to her and jerked her head to look at Zarah. 
"Why aren't you eating your food?"
"Uh? It needs some salt?"
Jet grabbed the plate and tossed it in the sink.
"If the food isn't good enough for you don't eat it. Make yourself a bowl of cereal and let's go."
Zarah got a bowl from the cabinet and poured some cereal into it, watching Jet look for her keys. 
"It sounds like they're in your pocket mom."
She touched her pocket.
"If I needed your help I would have asked for it. Stop being a brat, or you're going to be in your room until school reopens."
Zarah opened her mouth to argue, but Jet glared at her. She put cereal in her mouth instead.
"Let's go," Jet said and unlocked the car. "Sit in the back."
"Why?"
"Because I want to keep an eye on you. And because I said so."
"Okay..."
Zarah got into the back of the car. She reached over and switched the radio on after Jet turned the ignition. 
Jet turned the music off.
"No music today mom?"
"No not today," she replied.
Zarah put her headphones on. Jet snatched her IPhone from her before she could turn it on, yanking the headphones off her head in the process. She threw them both in the front seat.
"Not today," Jet said.
"Mom. What is wrong."
"Sass me again and see what happens. But I promise you, you won't like it."
Zarah felt tears and put her head on the window.
Jet coughed and smiled.
"You're a big girl Zarah. Stop crying."
"Sorry Mom," Zarah sobbed. "Just angry and scared."
"You'll feel better when you get your medicine. You just need some sleep."
When they neared the area around the hospital they came to a stop light. Ambulances drove by and pulled up into the Emergency Room unloading area. Police cars pulled in behind them. Officers unloaded people from ambulances that were restrained to stretchers, fighting to hold them down as they threw themselves against their bonds, snapping at officers and medical staff with their frothing jaws. Some of them broke free. Officers quickly closed in to help, but the frenzied people tackled them. Zarah thought she saw them take bites out of the men before other officers moved in.
Their car pulled away, and she heard numerous pops.
Zarah saw people trample over each other in terror, looked to the officers shooting and saw them get bowled over by their assailants. Other officers fired their weapons in vain as they too were consumed. 
"Did you see that Zarah?"
"Mom, why are you smiling?"
She watched Zarah in the mirror and made Zarah wish she had kept her mouth shut.
"Let's just get my meds and get home. I think I'm going to read and pass out."
"First sensible thing I've ever heard you say."
Zarah sighed. That confirmed it. Her mother was being controlled by Tezca. The same monster was in her. At least she knew it would not kill her. Zarah realized that all of it, her mom, the city and her alienation was a demonstration of what was to come if she did not read the diary.
Jet said nothing more. Her smile did not leave her lips.
They reached the pharmacy and pandemonium. Security guards surrounded its perimeter and took scripts in for customers. The line stretched around the parking lot. While they waited Zarah listened to stories about how the apocalypse was nigh, how zombies were invading from the land of the dead, how it was the government's fault and how the city was ground zero.
At one point she heard a boom in the distance like thunder and pops like firecrackers. Sirens wailed soon after.
"Mom, I don't want to wait. Let's go. It's a war-zone out here."
"You need your meds Zarah."
"Mom I'm not going to get sick again."
"You don't know that. We need your meds. And I'm just as frightened as you. Ok? But I'm still standing here."
Zarah noticed Jet did not look scared at all, but she knew why.
A security guard asked for her script and ushered them to a small group of people waiting for meds.
One of the guards handed mom the bag.
"I suggest you guys leave. We are closing soon. It won't be a good place for a kid when that happens. These people will be angrier than these infected."
Jet laughed.
"Mom? Why was that funny?"
"Oh. I don't know. Thank you for your help. Let's go Zarah."
They drove out of downtown, and in fifteen minutes they were in bumper to bumper traffic.
Zarah stuck her head out of the window to see how far down the road it went: it stretched for miles.
People burst out of their cars. Glass, metal and blood shimmered in the air.
They tore and bit at each other, making their way from car to car until they reached Zarah's. They ripped the doors from it and grabbed her. She screamed as their hands closed around her.
She opened her eyes and saw their ravenous faces covered in blood. They wanted her. She could see it in their eyes and heard it in their quick hungry breaths.
But, they did not take her.
Their eyes drifted to her mother's face, met her gaze for an instant, and then they stalked off to their vehicles and drove away.
"Mom..."
"Not another word. We are going home."
"Ok."
They followed the large line of damaged cars until they needed to turn and headed home.

Chapter 49: Are We There Yet?
Eric and Rose had been walking for about fifteen minutes. They had parked in the Cahokia Mounds Historical Site parking lot and crossed over the park boundaries into the wilderness. 
"It's burning up outside. Why do I have to wear this thick stuff?"
Their hike had barely started and already Eric felt sweaty and dank.
"The place we're going is not normal. It's the most dangerous territory you'll have experienced if we live. If you brush up against a tree wrong you could be paralyzed, eaten or killed. Sometimes all three in that order, so we have to take precautions."
Death was welcome to swoop in and save him from sweat and exhaustion any time in his opinion. He wore a thick hunting coat over a long sleeve shirt, jeans that were too tight and hiking boots over them. He even had gloves on his hands. He had felt like he was off to save the world from mutant weeds. Ironically, Rose's words had not been far off that mark.
"I thought we were going to the city?"
"The city is devoid of energy. Barren. But, while the city was stripped of its energies this forest was vivified," Rose said.
"So why aren't you dressed to fight this man eating forest?"
Rose wore a pink flowing skirt and a white and pink woven shirt with a lily embroidered on it. She carried a hiking stick that was larger than her and had alien looking inscriptions carved all over it.
"It is more likely to attack newcomers than one who has tread its paths before."
"Oh."
"I am ready to defend you Eric. I just need you to focus. Stop complaining and be prepared."
Rose and Eric crossed though a large clearing towards a sloping treeline.
"When we get to the crest of that hill on the other side of the forest we will be nearly though."
Eric shook his head.
"I can't... I won't make it."
"If I hear another 'I can't' I will heft your sweaty butt on my shoulders, carry you back home and never speak to you again."
Eric chuckled.
"You wouldn't be able to carry me that far, Granny."
"Boy, call me Granny one more time and you'll see my arms will do all the talking."
She looked serious.
"Yes ma'am."
"Now, pick up the pace."
They entered the forest. It was cooler there: comfortable, serene. The trees were thick and towered over them. Vibrant flowering bushes and vines filled the forest floor. Some of the blooms were larger than Eric's head and spanned the color spectrum. It was like Mother Nature had looked up in the sky, saw a rainbow and was not inspired by its beauty but dared by it. This forest was the response to sky's challenge: nature's masterpiece. Strange sounds filled the air: chirps and animal calls Eric had never heard in his life.
Eric felt relaxed through Rose seemed on edge.
"This is a sacred place," she whispered. "It can deny us if it chooses."
"The forest thinks?"
"It does much more. This whole area is saturated with mystic energies built up over nearly three thousand years and is cared for by lailias."
"That must be why I feel so at peace."
"Don't let it lull you. We must make haste. It will not be pleased we are here to tap into it."
"We won't hurt it will we?"
"No. It has the energy to spare."
They hiked up the hill, but it seemed endless as if every step they took added ten more to the hill's height.
"It's toying with us... We will need to address it and ask permission."
"What if it says no?"
"Let's just not think about that possibility. Great forest of ages long past," she began. "Thank you for allowing us entry into your beautiful glades."
The sound of the forest died off. The cool breeze left them, leaving the air tepid and thick with humidity.
"I am Rose. A priestess of the ancient ways. The ways of Cahokia."
Eric felt the hairs on his legs and arms stand up.
"Introduce yourself idiot!" Rose hissed.
"I'm... Eric. Thank you for letting us walk these woods. It's quite beautiful here and I am enjoying my journey. Isn't it nice here Rose?"
She glared at him.
"Tell it why you're here! Quickly!"
"Err... right. I am here to learn and become worthy of my lailia, Zip. I miss her so much. We only want to learn to love one another."
The trees rustled and creaked all around them and then fell silent once more. 
Eric's eyes met Rose's. He saw she was afraid.
Wind swept Eric off of his feet. Rose grabbed for him but was pulled into the tornadic rush herself, both now propelled towards the dense forest, toward what Eric thought to be their certain end. He curled himself up into a ball.
The trees before them bent into archways. They soared through them, accelerating as they went. Sunlight blinded Eric before his breath was knocked from his lungs. His eyes adjusted. He had hit the ground, or the ground had hit him. He wasn't exactly sure, but he was exhausted. Every part of his body hurt. He looked over at Rose. She was already on her feet and offered him a hand. 
"You're not dead, so stop resting like you are. We are not done yet."
He gripped her hand, and she hoisted him to his feet easily.
"Were you a priestess and a body builder?"
She smirked. 
"My strength comes from within."
Eric smiled and shook his head. He brushed sweaty curls off his forehead.
He looked at Rose as they hiked towards a huge hill in the distance. While he was drenched in sweat, she did not seem strained in the least.
"You're going to need to shower when you get back," she said. "I know you're going to want to pass out, but please shower and change your clothes."
"How are you not tired?"
"I guess I believe in myself, son."
Eric shook his head.
"Really, Rose? What is your secret? Do you drink a lot of water? Do you do power yoga?"
"Eric I know I have been saying this all day, but focus. If you can do that someday, you will be as I am."
"I don't think I'll have to do much to get gray hair and wrinkles."
"Child, don't test me now. You know respect is my number one."
"I thought believing in myself was the slogan of the day."
"Eric. If you don't cool the attitude we're going home."
Rose accepted his silence as his apology as they neared the mound. They climbed a narrow wooden stair built into its slope.
"Are we allowed to climb this?"
"The council would not usually permit this, no. But, you know how they feel about what we're doing."
"Then why haven't they tried to stop us?"
"They're afraid. You saw their eyes. They don't want to risk angering Coatl. I have never seen him interject in the middle of ceremonies like he did."
"Rose I don't know if I can make this climb. I feel dizzy."
"After this, we get a break."
"Ok. I'm trying to make it."
They climbed for ten minutes. Eric turned and expected to see a view of the forest's tree tops behind them but only saw sloping hills and few trees. Apparently magic loved to mess with human's minds.
"I feel strange Rose."
"How?"
"I hear humming and my skin is tingling."
"Means what we've done today hasn't been a waste of time. We're near the summit now. Begin your vocal warm ups so when we get to the top we can complete this."
Eric had looked spent seconds before, but as he began trilling his lips and sliding his voice, he sank into a state of relaxation. Rose could see it in his eyes, and it impressed her. Many pupils had ascended the mound with her in her time and none had been as resolute as Eric. It frightened her, but she trusted him. Rose fell back on her "slogan of the day" and believed in Eric.
They reached the summit. Eric's feet crunched beneath him, and he looked down to see blackened animal bones.
"Rose."
"No questions Eric. This is a sacred place. The time to believe in yourself is now. Sing with me and follow my movements."
"I'm not ready."
"We studied this. Focus. Sing."
Eric sang Rose joined into the harmony. The hardest part for Eric was making his voice dissonant and then harmonious again while keeping up with Rose's dance. 
In the middle of the ritual the mound shook. The bones clinked against each other. Eric thought he could see a light beneath them, and it distracted him. He lost his time.
He tried to make up for it, but could not find it. 
He felt a tug on his jeans, looked down and saw a bony animal hand gripping his pants. He tried to pull away but more grabbed him, pulling him under.
"Keep up Eric!" 
They were pulling Rose down too.
Eric calmed himself and found the beat again. The bones fell off of their clothes. Jets of fire burst from below them, fracturing bones and scattering them.
Eric made eye contact with Rose and she did not seem worried so he kept dancing, believing staying in time was more important than addressing the fire. He feared getting pulled below more than getting burned. Burns would heal. 
"Faster Eric! Keep up!"
Right before Eric felt too exhausted to continue an eruption engulfed them: fire that did not burn, but felt warm, like being wrapped his mother's arms. He cried. He hadn't felt such love in years. 
Eric could hear voices in his head singing back, as if from a cavern, now painfully loud like they were inside his ear, singing to his eardrums as if they were microphones. He held his ears, but the sound persisted.
"Eric. Are you ok?" Rose asked over the billowing energy.
Eric yelled.
"Shut up! Shut them up!"
"What do you hear?"
"Voices. Voices!"
"Sing with them like we did. Resonate. Answer them."
Eric sang.
He felt tears on his cheeks, but he kept singing. Eventually the voices quieted and the eruption subsided. He fell to the ground.
"Good job Eric," Rose said and stroked his head. "Good job."
Eric heard bones moving beneath him and shrank back, thinking more skeletal critters were going to drag him down to make his acquaintance. He heard a chirp, and Zip wriggled from beneath the dry remains. He tried to touch her, but his hands went through her. He could not feel her anymore.
"She will regain her former state in a few hours," Rose said.
Eric didn't answer. He cried tears of joy. Zip was back.

Chapter 50: Westward Bound
The sound of the door latch clicking woke Eric a few hours later. The door creaked open, and he smelled something breafasty. A line of drool escaped his lazy mouth. It was groggy like the rest of him. Auburn sunlight poured through the door, making Rose and the bag she carried a figure of black against blinding oranges and reds. The sun would be setting soon.
"I brought us a proper meal. You'll have to eat quickly though."
Sleep retreated from him. He wiped his chin and helped her unpack the food. His hunger gathered in his mouth again.
"We are splitting a meal. We will save the other half for when we get back."
"I only get half?"
"As I said we don't have time."
"Will I have time to shower?"
"Shower or eat child. It's your choice but, the longer you talk the less time you'll have."
Eric ate the chicken fried steak and eggs faster than Rose could have imagined.
"Go ahead and pack our things Eric. We must reach our destination in about an hour to begin our ordeal that leads up to the final ceremony."
 "Rose? this sucks. I stink. I'm exhausted. I?"
"Look Eric. I have been in this 100%. I need you to meet me halfway."
"I'm just tired."
"Your attitude has to be positive when we begin or it will make things impossible for you."
"Ok."
"Alright. Let's be on our way."
As Eric drove he tried to clear his mind and remembered why he had started his journey in the first place. He watched the sunset and had his mind right by the time the moon had reclaimed the sky. 
It was easy. He loved Zip and Zip loved him. He could feel it all the time, but the emotional connection seemed stronger to him each day.
He rolled the windows down and let the cool, night air run over his left hand. He looked at Rose and smiled. She smiled back. 
She told him to pull over about ten minutes later. Rose got out and stretched.
"The final site you must find alone, Eric," Rose said when the car stopped.
"Alone?"
"Zip will be with you of course," Rose said. "She should be able to guide you to your goal. But be wary. This forest is like the one we were in earlier. The path she finds may have dangers. Take care of each other."
"You will have about five hours to get there. We must bring everything full circle before sunrise. It may seem like a lot of time, but you will have many obstacles to face. Keep a brisk pace and you should be fine. Remember, positive thoughts. I love you both."
Eric blinked. She was gone. He tried the car. It was locked.
Zip jumped from the road to his shoulder and nuzzled his cheek, cooing softly in his ear. She was happy to be by his side again.
"Where to girl? West?"
He walked into the forest with Zip on his shoulder.
"I believe in myself. I believe in you Zip."
He knew Zip believed too, but as he listened to the growing whispers and rustling as he walked deeper into the forest, he could not help but worry and fear what was to come.

Chapter 51: Two Moths vs a Flame
Eric and Zip walked towards their bearing for what seemed like hours. His legs throbbed and cramped. He had never walked so much in his life. 
It was a humid evening. Insects and other animals chattered all around them. Zip chirped loudly and rapidly from time to time. She was hungry, and the insects were reminding her of it, but she wouldn't dare venture into the forest to hunt. The place felt unnatural to her.
Very rarely did Eric ever see Zip afraid. It put him on edge. Rose had spoken of danger, but until that moment he had disregarded her warnings. He had hoped she had only meant to frighten him to insure he would not make a mistake, but the sight of Zip clinging to him and shivering brought it all into focus.
"I believe in myself," he whispered, and it made him feel a little better.
He tried his best to maintain a good pace. The only thing he feared more than whatever was in the forest was losing himself and Zip. Success meant a chance at saving Zarah. He did not want to imagine what failure would bring.
"We have to move girl. I know you're scared too, but I know you want this. We can't let fear stand in our way."
They tried a brisk jog for a few minutes and slowed down to a walk until their tired muscles allowed them to speed up again.
They came to a cliff.
"How high is it girl? Think we can make it? We don't have time to find a way around."
Zip helped Eric find foot and hand holds. They climbed painstakingly for ten minutes until they saw a cavern in the cliff face. Eric managed to hoist himself inside of it before collapsing on the ground.
"Girl I can't climb anymore. Can you check this cave out? Maybe there is a way up from here."
Zip would not venture into the darkness. She begged Eric to continue the climb.
"It's just too far up. I'm scared too, but I'll be with you. Let's try to find a way through."
They walked into that darkness and all that met them was pitch black and silence. Eric's tired, ragged breaths echoed in the tunnel. Minutes later they could not even see moonlight from the entrance.
Scraping behind them made Eric stop. Whatever it was, it was coming closer. Zip urged him to run, and they sprinted as fast as their tired bodies would allow.
The tunnel ascended into a slope. Zip told him to hurry.
"I'm running as fast as I can girl! Can you slow it down?"
Zip nuzzled Eric's face before she dove into the darkness behind him.
"Be careful!"
He heard a crash and a howl of pain. He wanted to go back, but he had a feeling Zip was okay, so he kept running. Rocks tumbled down the slope behind him, and he could hear the grunts of the thing that followed him, ascending once again, closing the distance between them quickly. Eric could see moonlight and spurred himself on. 
He heard the thing howl and stumble, the closeness of the sound almost made him fall down from surprise. It was fast. He leapt from the cavern and rolled a short way before halting.
"Zip!"
He crawled back towards the hole in the ground. A piercing howl escaped it before Zip leapt from it. She bounced on the ground and lay there twitching. Her blood oozed from gouges and a bite on her leg.
Eric tried to pick his friend up but his hands passed straight through her.
"Zip," he sobbed. "I need you to concentrate. We have to connect. Like we did before. Maybe I can help you. We have to keep going, together. I'm not going to lose you."
Zip cooed against him, and he held her.
"No, this is not going to be it for us girl. We have to try. Try with me now."
They closed their eyes and felt each others minds. Zip could feel how worried Eric was, and how much he cared for her. Eric felt Zip's fear, her fear that these were going to be her last moments with her dear friend. Eric felt Zip's pain and wanted it to go away. He wanted to take it from her. He wanted that more than anything he had ever wanted: just to save her.
Her pain became his pain. Tears ran from his eyes as it gushed into his body. He cried out. Zip bounced on his flabby belly excitedly, trying to show him that he had done it, but Eric's pain would not cease. Gradually it lessened, and through blurry eyes he smiled at her. 
He sat up. His body ached. He felt wetness on his lip and chin and beneath his eyes. He could see red on his fingertips when he wiped it and knew he bled.
Despite it he smiled. Zip was okay.
He stood up.
"I'm okay girl. I just feel really tired. We need to get moving. You'll have to lead the way. I can't see very well."
Zip was afraid for him and more afraid of where they were going, but she knew it was up to her. She headed into the direction from which the dread came.
They came to the edge of the forest. The ground beyond was barren. Nothing had grown from it for who knows how long. Eric knew from Rose that it might have been centuries since life had touched this place.
"Thanks girl. I know we're going the right way too. The right way is usually the creepiest."
They came to the foot of a hill as black as soot and walked up.
"The right way usually includes hills too?" he complained.
He noticed how quiet it was. No animals or insects spoke. The air was still. All he heard was their footsteps digging into the side of the hill.
Zip chirped at him.
"Yeah I see it too. Grass grows further up."
They reached the summit, a vast plateau of land. Thick vegetation obscured what was ahead. Massive trees grew above them, stretching high into the air. They were the largest, thickest trees either of them had ever seen, bigger than the last forest.
"These must be thousands of years old," Eric said.
He fumbled through the pack and found a small machete.
"I'll lead now girl. I'm feeling a bit better."
Zip jumped onto his shoulder and stuck there while Eric cut down a path for them. He could see light through the brush and worked faster.
"Lamps?"
His feet hit dirt, and he stepped out onto the wide path lined by lamp posts. One way was lit by the posts, and the other way was not. He could see brighter lights down the lit path.
"I think we should go check it out girl. Maybe there is a safe place to rest there."
Zip urged him not to.
"Fine. There's a bench right here. Just calm down. I'm not going to go anywhere near it," he sat. "We're just going to sit right here for a minute."
They rested and Zip nuzzled into Eric. He could feel her shaking against him.
"Ok girl. Let's move."
They walked back up the path towards the end of the lampposts. Strange animal sounds from all around them stopped him.
"Time to run again."
He ran down the path towards the darkness, but howls from that direction made him stop in his tracks. Foul, humid, frigid wind blew against his face, and the animal cries neared them and despite Zip's warnings, he ran back towards the bright lights at the end of the path.
"Girl, I know you're afraid, but I'm more afraid of whatever that is."
They came to an iron gate. He opened it and closed it behind him.
For a moment all was quiet and still. 
Fetid wind tossed him up into the air, and he fell hard, coughing for air. It whipped him up again, and he grabbed one of the many rocks jutting from the ground. He realized they were in some kind of graveyard.
A large rock in the center of the graveyard flared, blinded them for a moment and then blinked out. Lights popped from the ground, and he could see they belonged to half-animal, half-human spirits. They were agile, even more so than Zip and chased her like starving insects. 
Eric tried to fend them off with his machete, but they seemed to not even notice him. They pinned Zip down eventually and gnawed on her, ripped her apart and carried pieces of her away until Zip was gone and Eric was alone in the darkness crying for her. 
He searched everywhere, but knew in his heart it was folly. 
He could not feel her. 
She was gone.
He left the graveyard sobbing and ran down the path, hoping that Rose would be able to help somehow.

               Chapter 52: Front Row Cushions
The CDC had set up a base camp near the largest hospital in Edmond. They had specimens brought in daily of those they deemed "infected" and those that seemed to be exhibiting symptoms. They could find no antibodies. It freaked people out more. If they couldn't figure it out who could? Parts of the city had been quarantined. 
The news reported thousands of children with severe symptoms, much like the bites on Travis' back and more were getting sick every day.
The National Guard had been deployed to maintain stability, but though they sought to protect, they too fell to the indelible madness. Reports of murder/suicides were on T.V. daily. Soldiers  woke up their roommates with a chilled barrel to their head, followed by ear splitting bang: a toll to end them all.
For days, Jet sat in front of the television with the same content smile on her face and made Zarah sit next to her for hours. Her mother never seemed shocked at the acts of cannibalism and genocide happening in the city or by the expanding epidemic, and when a new story began she would always make sure Zarah was paying attention.
Tezca's show was becoming more elaborate, and every day Zarah felt obligated to end it. She felt torn. On one hand perhaps it was her responsibility. It began with her. It should end with her. At the same time she knew it wanted her to read it. What if it all just lead to something more catastrophic? What would she do then?
 Zarah decided to not read the diary until she could meet with her grandma again. Every night for the past week she had tried to call her, but could not reach her. She hadn't heard from Eric either, but she assumed that meant her grandma was with him, which made her feel a little better. She had a feeling that as long as they were together, they would be safe.
She found Jet passed out on the couch the next morning and when she woke she actually said good morning to her and gave her a hug. 
For some reason she knew she had treated her badly but couldn't really remember when it happened or what happened specifically. Zarah dismissed it and took it as a good sign, until later that evening. She walked up to her room and found the diary sitting on her desk.
She ignored it and went to the bathroom to brush her teeth, but could not find her toothbrush or paste. Both somehow ended up by the diary.
She went downstairs to get a drink of water and found the diary on the kitchen counter. She wrapped it in a towel, picked it up and locked it in a pink lock-box she used for her diaries and flushed the key down the toilet.
She tried to watch a movie with her mom downstairs and heard the box rattling under her bed. Every time she mentioned the sound aloud it would stop, and a few minutes later it started again.
When she came up to go to bed it would rattle every time she was about to fall asleep. She put it in her closet, but it would throw itself at the door. It always seemed to find a way to bother her no matter what she did.
The diary and lack of sleep made her highly emotional for days. She cried aloud about Eric frequently and confessed to her mom the she cared about him more than any boy she had met. 
 She convinced her mom to watch a whole season of "Supernatural" with her to take her mind off of everything. Sam and Dean's adventures made her feel a little bit more at ease about the paranormal events in her life: though they seemed insurmountable, there had to be a force to equal it. There had to be a way to rid herself of it. After sitting for that long she felt like dancing, and went to her room to practice. 
She stretched and decided on "Stonger" by Kanye West. It was one of the few rap songs she liked, but it was mostly because of the Daft Punk samples that West had constructed his song with. She started to dance, feeling sluggish at first. A chill went through her body, and she felt one with the music. She let her whole body pop and lock in time with the rhythm, and did a rapid pirouette that ended her in facing the mirror. 
Short red and white tentacles had replaced her hair. They wavered above her pitch black skin. Her eyes were the bulbous lidless eyes of Tezca. She tried to scream, but it caught in her mouth. Instead, she danced, confidently swaying her body in time to the song, leaping, spinning and cartwheeling with ease. Her hip-hop and ballet infused style shook the floor and drew her mom's attention. 
Jet went upstairs and opened the door to her room. Zarah turned to look at her, but Jet saw black skin, tentacles and a mouth full of long knife-like teeth when Zarah smiled.
Jet blinked and Zarah was herself again.
Zarah turned off her music and ran to her terrified mother.
"Mom what's wrong?" Zarah asked.
Seeing Tezca in her daughter's form reminded Jet of her possession. The memory flashed in her mind and she opened her mouth to articulate it, but when she did it dimmed and faded away into blissful ignorance.
"Nothing, I think I'm just tired," Jet said.
"Hey, I think I'm ready for bed mom," Zarah said. "Want to sleep in the living room, sleep over style?"
"Sure, honey," Jet smiled. "That sounds like fun."
Zarah saw herself in the mirror and felt as if she had forgotten something extremely important. She remembered coming up to her room and picking out some music, but why? Why had her music been up so loud? Why was she sweaty? 
She took a shower and let the hot water relax her sore muscles.


Chapter 53: Bedside Reading
Zarah's mom talked with her dad and together they decided it was time to find a new place to live. They would rent something in a neighboring city until the epidemic cleared. For some reason it wasn't stretching out into outlying areas. It was completely contained in Edmond and northern Oklahoma City. 
Traffic was terrible though on the way out of town, right by the city line.
"I don't believe this," Zarah's mom said. "It looks like a security checkpoint."
When they neared it Zarah could see children were ordered out of their cars and getting their bodies inspected behind curtains. A lot of cars were turning around.
An officer came up to their car and knocked on the window. 
"Ma'am I'm going to need your daughter to step out of the car if you plan on leaving the city. We can't let any sick kids out."
"I'm not going to subject my daughter to this. We'll just turn around. Do you guys have these checkpoints set up everywhere?"
"At every exit ma'am. We're just following orders. Have a good day."
"Yes, you have a great day!" she snapped and rolled her window up.
The officer shook his head and went to the next vehicle while Jet turned the car around.
"Well so much for getting out of the city," she said.
Zarah's guilt weighed her down more every day. She tired of watching the city suffer. She thought of the kids having to endure what she went through, turning masochistic and violent, and inevitably scarring their bodies and their souls. 
She cried a little on the way home: Jet didn't notice. She had been on the phone with her dad trying to come up with an alternative plan. She listened to them argue. Jet cried herself and hung the phone up. 
"It's okay Mom," Zarah said. "We'll be okay."
"I'm sorry I'm so emotional Zarah. I'm just so tired. I'm not sleeping well at all."
Zarah hugged her mother.
"It's okay. I'm tired too. We'll figure it out Mom."
Zarah held Jet all the way home.
Zarah knew Rosilee had never let her look at her diary growing up. She had always been interested in it because it was the only one she had never read stories from. She wondered what kind of stories she was hiding in it, and why it had been so important for her to keep it safe. She wondered the same thing now. The reasons Rose had wanted to lock it away were the same reasons Tezca wanted her to read it. That much she knew.
Jet tried to talk to her, but her voice sounded distant, as if an echo of her actual voice. The more she thought about the diary the more curious she became. She didn't know why but knowing why didn't matter: she still wanted to know what was inside it.
"Zarah!"
Jet shouting her name brought her out of her trance.
"Mom? What's wrong?"
"I just wanted to make sure you were okay," Jet looked into her eyes.
"Mom, back up. I'm fine."
"I said your name almost fifty times I'm sure? between the drive home and now. You just stared into the distance. Are you sure you're okay?"
"Yeah," Zarah got out of the car and closed the door behind her. "Sorry."
"Maybe you should go rest?"
"Yeah. I'm going to my room now to read some. I think it'll help."
Jet was still talking to her as she climbed the stairs but she didn't hear her. First it was her, now the entire city was affected. The darkness was not going to stop. She entered her room.
The diary sat on her desk as if waiting for her. When she sat down in front of it she could smell its leather, and a hint of something else she could not place. She peeked downstairs to see what Jet was doing. She was working out on the elliptical and watching a movie.  Zarah sat back down and stared at it for a few more minutes. She tried to call Rose one more time to see if she would answer.
No one picked up.
The phone rang a few seconds later.
She picked it up.
"Grandma?"
"Zarah?"
"Cadence? What do you want."
"Look. I get it. I'm sorry."
"No you don't. How could you?"
"I'm sorry!"
"You have no idea what I've been through!"
"My sister is in the hospital!" Cadence cried out.
"What? Is she okay?"
"They don't know... she got in a car accident today. And she..." she sobbed.
"It's okay Cadence..." Zarah sighed.
"She put two people in the ICU. She bit them... ate pieces right off them in front of Mom and me. I'm sorry Zarah... I'm so sorry."
"Oh my god..." Zarah said. "Are you okay? You haven't seen anything have you? Smelled anything funky?"
Cadence was quiet.
"Cadence?"
"The thing you are talking about. It's going to get me now isn't it?"
"Cadence have you smelled anything?"
Static blurred the line, and it went dead.
Zarah put her face in her hands and cried. 
She was so tired of feeling in danger, so tired of being exhausted, and so tired of not knowing who she was. She didn't want anyone else to feel like that. If nothing changed the whole city would end up cursed like her. The darkness would not stop. It didn't with her: why would it with anyone else?
It was time to read it.
When Zarah made that decision the thought of touching the diary alone made her anxiety stop quivering her hands. Her heart stirred inside her as she reached for it for the first time as if she reached for someone she cared deeply for, like Eric. She stroked its weathered leather cover, traced eclipse on it and released a long sigh of ecstasy.
A hum filled her ears. Subtle vibrations sent shivers of pleasure from her fingers and down her arms, like thousands of tiny fingers had caressed her simultaneously. For a moment she closed her eyes and enjoyed the connection between her and the book. She was meant to do this and regretted not doing it sooner. She opened her eyes and opened it.  
When her eyes looked over the first beautifully penned symbols she felt like every word was written for her. It was the most engrossing thing she had ever laid her eyes on. Then the alien looking symbols made sense to her. She could read it as if it were English.
My name is Jamira Wood Cloud. I am keeping this journal for my future daughters, nay their daughters, for they will be the most important to the shadow. I can hear it, see its shadow and smell its stink. I believe it has possessed me on occasion, but it will not kill me and I cannot seem to harm it either.
But we will kill it my kin. We are destined to be cursed, but its duration is in your hands. I know you believe you cannot. You cannot let your fear stay you. Heroism and bravery have nothing to do with it, you do not need them. All you need is faith. It is stronger than fear. Use it to do what must be done. It has plagued us for centuries and will haunt our family til it is slain.
You cannot harm it until it is brought onto our plane, made into flesh, substantiated. Steps must be taken, steps I will record as I gather research and travel. I do this for you. I pray you will take the steps I discover and finish what I have started.
Zarah turned to the next page:
All other lailia masters have claimed the most important steps to substantiation are belief in the lailia and faith: believing the lailia exists and then having faith that you will be able to control it. They will not tell me much about the shadow, but our problem is infamous among them. What they have told me leads me to believe it has existed long before our time, thousands of years. It is a her and her name is Tezca. 
A wind swept the room, and her window popped open. Pages of the diary ripped out of its leather tome and flew out the window. The book itself lifted up.
Zarah caught the book in midair and the wind stopped. She sat back down with the diary, hoping the way to her salvation was not destroyed. Though she sobbed from fear and anxiety, she had to read it more.
Through tears she read the entry before her. After the first sentence she calmed down: it was all for her. She was meant to read this.
Today I met my ancestor, Evening Star. I had been told she had died long ago, but she heard of my quest and found me. Supposedly she is almost one hundred years of age, but looks as young as my mother. She is the most beautiful Native American I've ever seen.
Apparently Tezca grants our daughters long lives to revel in our fear and confusion for as long as possible. I can only assume it needs both to extend its own unnatural life or for its repeated resurrection. I have decided after speaking with Evening Star that the Cursed one needs to be not killed but controlled. It could grant many remedies if captured and studied. I know there has to be a way to control it. Or course this is my own opinion. I leave the decisions up to you my kin.
	"I knew you would be able to save me. I'm so glad we're together now," Zarah said. 
She ran her fingers along the edges of the worn paper, and it nicked her skin. Pleasure tickled her fingertip, her hand, her arm and travelled throughout her body. She continued to touch it, letting it slice deeper into her, unable to disconnect herself.  Blood stained the page and vanished as if the book had sipped it dry. Lost in ecstasy, she giggled as new stains pooled and vanished.

Chapter 54: Game Night
Rose could tell something was wrong when Eric came into the clearing. It wasn't in the sweat covering him or even the dried blood, but the look on his face. He looked desperately lost: like someone does after a loved one breaks their heart.
"Where is Zip?"
"Gone. She's gone."
"What?"
"The spirits. They took her. She saved me."
Rose looked angry, like she did before she had scolded Eric in the past, but then her face softened, and she hugged him.
"We may save her still Eric."
"How?"
"I don't have time to explain. Walk down into the kiva," she gestured to the small domed building behind her. "Breathe the smoke within. Then go back to the forest and find Zip. We only have a small amount of time left. Find her and come back."
Eric walked down the steps into the kiva and breathed. The pungent aroma burned his nostrils and his lungs alike. He coughed it up and felt like leaving but knew this was his only chance to save Zip. He breathed again the second time took easier. He felt light headed, and his eyes felt heavy. He closed his eyes and opened them again and stood over his unconscious body.
He left the tent and entered the forest.
After a few minutes of walking that he felt lighter: like gravity no longer held him down.
At that realization his feet left the ground, and he levitated. He giggled and flew into the forest, toward the graveyard.
He felt colder as he neared it. A wide beam of light stretched up into the sky: myriads of spirits, a typhoon of them.
Zip was within it. He could feel her like his own beating heart in his chest.
He flew into the freezing, whirling screaming and saw her: pieces of her. Spirits were nibbling on her dismembered body. When they saw Eric coming they scattered like flies. Eric could feel Zip all around him and hunted her down, piece by piece. He grabbed hold of the wriggling, clammy spirits and ripped them apart until he collected ingested globs of her.
There was one more piece at the center of the typhoon, but he was thrown back every time he tried to dive in. He tried one last time and cold gripped his arms and legs. It slid around his throat. He didn't need to breathe but as his body slowly numbed, his vision dimmed, and he felt exasperated. In that second he knew if he didn't think of something, he would die. What would these spirits do to him if they ripped Zip apart and ate her? He would be lost forever, no afterlife: game over. 
"That's it!" His idea energized him. "Chunkey!"
The chattering spirits quieted and the cold released him. They stopped whirling, and he could see them: torn pieces of limbs with eyes. They all hovered, watching him expectantly.
"You know the game: let's play. I win, I get Zip. You win, you get us both."
Eric flew out of harm's way as the mass tried to swallow him.
"I won't make that mistake again. I know you're hungry. I'll bet you could gnaw on me for a long time, suck the soul right out of my... soul."
The spirits coalesced.
Arms and legs sprang from the gelatinous mass as it elongated into a towering humanoid, at least sixty feet tall Eric estimated. Eyes of different colors and shapes opened up all over its head. It gurgled and motioned for Eric to follow with a wave of its arm right before both its arms split and stretched, forming into membranous wings. The wet sound of its shifting flesh made Eric feel dizzy with disgust. It leapt into the sky and Eric flew after it.
Eric grinned despite the hurricane of apprehension whooshing about in the pit of his translucent stomach. Or was it his real stomach back in the kiva that was making him feel like hurling?
They flew until they reached a clearing, a flat dirt field. Nothing had grown from it in ages. They settled down at its mid point.
The humanoid thing stood over ten times Eric's height. It bent down and drew shapes in the dirt with its multitude of fingers. A smooth white rock the size of its head burst from the ground, glowing with a luminescence of its own. It flattened and opened, a sizable hole formed in the middle. Eric didn't know what to expect but he felt confident. The hole in the stone was larger than the one he practiced with at home. Two smooth, white, wooden staves rose from the ground. The three objects hovered, waiting. 
The spirit monster stood and grasped the middle of a stave. It extended to an appropriate height for him. Eric grasped his. 
The stone propelled itself into play leaving dust in its wake. 
The monster slapped at Eric with his stave and cackled as he flew for the rock. Eric sprawled behind and tried to find his equilibrium. He followed the light of the Chunkey stone and managed to catch up right as the monster hurled his stave. 
Eric tried to intercept it. He threw his stave, but knew it wasn't going to make it. He dove to deflect it with his own body. His shoulder cracked as it collided with it. He spun in the air and yelled. It was dislocated. 
He saw the stave sail through the hole, and the rock burst like a firework in the sky: its shards gleamed with multitudes of color.
The monster laughed and flew back down to center field. Eric followed. He knew if his opponent pulled two points ahead he would lose. He needed one point to give him a chance to catch up or this was it. They landed at center field. A new rock burst from the ground and quickly formed into a Chunkey stone. 
He glanced down at the monster and saw its mouth opened wide. It had no teeth, but a long barbed tongue with four eyes on its end. It extended outward, wavering in the air like deadly fruit by the foot, its eyes fixed on Eric.
The thing sniffed and all of its pupils dilated simultaneously. Saliva flowed like a waterfall from his open maw and Eric thought he heard its stomach growl before the tongue retracted. 
"You want me? Let's finish this then."
When the Chunkey stone launched, the creature whirled its stave around and swatted Eric away. Eric recovered only to find the monster in front of him ready to strike again. Eric flipped backward, felt the wind as near miss whistled past and leapt into the air when his feet touched the dirt. He kept his eyes on the glowing Chunkey stone. He knew he could take advantage of the overzealous beast if he tried hard enough. This was his chance to catch up.
He could hear the thing nearing him, and a second later something stung his shin and sent him into a spiral. He tried to steady himself and level out to find the stone, but he couldn't. 
His neck snapped back from the monster's next blow and everything went hazy. He fell from the sky and lay crumpled on the field. He looked up and saw the monster plummeting, gaining speed to finish the game and him.
"I believe in myself," Eric said firmly and stood, preparing to block the incoming strike, preparing for whatever was to come: defeat nor death frightened him. It was his time, not his time to die.
He raised his stave and blocked the monster's dive. 
The toll of their impact rang in Eric's ears and could be heard miles away. Shards of rock and dirt clouded the area, obscuring their view of one another for a split moment before Eric was pushed from the debris. The monster had been slowed but not stopped. It shoved against Eric's stave trying to break his hold but could not. Eric dug his feet into the dirt and pushed back. Both of them skidded to a halt. 
Eric believed. 
They stood there locked together.
All of the creature's eyes glared at the defiant little thing that was supposed to have been nothing more than prey. Its anger focused its attention on Eric so fiercely that it failed to notice the descending Chunkey stone. 
But, Eric did. 
At the right time he spun away from their lock. The monster fell forward into the dirt and Eric leapt into the air, stave extended.
It penetrated the hole, and the stone burst around him. Eric thought that this is what a firework must feel like as the center of attention: commanding, bright and triumphant. Then, the light went out. The monster pounced on him. Saliva poured from its mouth as it sought to wrap his wriggling tongue around its meal. A force held it back, and it roared in frustration.
"Yeah, I scored. I'm not yours yet. Three more points til you win now."
Eric realized he was wasting time. He had to be decisive or all his work would be for nothing. No, he couldn't even be afraid of that. He was going to win plain and simple. 
He closed his eyes and focused on that. It became his mantra. The ground rumbled as the stone prepared to burst. Eric took a deep breath and threw his stave on the exhale. The stone burst from the ground and was penetrated instantly.
The monster shrieked. Eric could tell it hadn't been humiliated like this before, and it made him smile. As angry as it was, he knew he wouldn't be able to score like that again. It would be watching.
They took their positions once more. Eric waited. The stone came forth. He faked a javelin toss. 
In that instant the monster threw his, expecting to block his stave. 
Eric tumbled backwards and tapped the stave with his to slow it down. It flipped in the air once before Eric flew up and grabbed it in his free hand. He could score two points this round if he played it right. He aimed and released his stave. 
A storm of winged body parts assaulted him. He couldn't move. Then the other stick was snatched from his grasp. He heard a loud pop and a ringing sound and knew the monster had stolen his plan. 
4-2
He was released and fell. His stave rose from the ground. Chattering filled the air as the monster reformed, and when it did the numerous chuckles combined into a singular guttural guffaw.
"It doesn't matter," Eric said. "I'm still going to beat you. Now."
The monster stopped laughing and regarded him intently. 
It crouched down low, preparing to end the battle.
 The ground vibrated and a low hum filled the air. The monster sniffed: ozone. Vibrations escalated to quakes. It realized Eric was their epicenter but did not know why. Eric believed in himself. His victory was at hand. His goal consumed him and when the ball flew, instead of being evasive, he charged.
His leap caused fissures in the ground. The monster thought he had teleported because he vanished from his sight. In reality Eric moved faster than even the spirit monster could see.  
It heard Eric's stave plow through its body, but never had a chance to feel it: the intense rush of wind behind his charge shredded the monster's body. It fell in pieces all over the field. Its dismembered flesh flopped about like fish out of water. Eric blinked and couldn't believe what he had done. The stone rose out of the ground. He could feel Zip inside of it and knew he had won. His opponent was no longer fit for the match, leaving him the default winner. 
With Zip in his hands and in his pockets, he soared away from the spirits back toward Rose. He cried the whole time, wondering if Zip could be saved.
He landed by Rose and tried to talk to her. She seemed like she didn't see or hear him. He flew to his body and lay on it.
Nothing happened.
He eventually sat down, closed his eyes and breathed in and out. With his mind cleared he reopened his eyes and stood, coughing out smoke as he exited the tent.
He searched for Zip and her pieces but could not find her.
"Did you find her?"
"Yes, but now she's gone. She was in pieces. I brought them back here. I hoped we could fix her."
"We will have to hope your love and the powers we have invoked will be enough. Sit by me."
Eric sat.
She sang and threw something into the fire. It popped and smoked. She tapped a slow beat on her drums and breathed in the fumes, exhaling in song.
Eric mimicked her. The fire's light became a wavering spectrum of color, and moonlight filled the sky as rings of translucent color.
He felt a pain at the center of his forehead that grew with each passing second.
He moaned and yelped as it sharpened.
"Keep singing Eric! Concentrate!"
Rose chanted and played louder, Eric joined her.
Orange leaked out of his forehead, collecting into one mass before his eyes: Zip.
He felt weak but managed a smile.
She nuzzled him and cooed.
Rose continued to chant. Eric felt the pain again. Zip cried out.
"Close your eyes. Chant with me."
Eric chanted through the pain for what felt like forever. Zip's cries grew louder into shrieks. He wanted to stop.
"Rose!"
"Eric concentrate!"
He continued. Seconds later his pain sharpened like a needle had pierced his forehead. Then it throbbed. Rose stopped chanting. He opened his eyes to Zip smiling. She had never smiled before. He stroked her and grinned back.

Chapter 55: Welcome Mat
Zarah sat cross-legged in the middle of her room. A long white candle in a glass holder dimly lit the room and allowed her to read the diary.
 That was all the light the ritual would permit according to Jamira. The only way to protect herself against Tezca other than killing it or capturing it would be to summon her own lailia: a creature like Zip that would guard her until she could find a way to deal with Tezca herself.
She took a deep breath to begin. A doubt stopped her. What if she was being pushed into this out of fear?
The candle light flickered and went out, and she scrambled for her lighter but could not find it.  A low moan filled the room and escalated into a wail.
She lit the candle and sat back down. It had to be done now. Neither her family nor the city would be safe until it was done. The screams stopped once she had made up her mind again.
She cleared her mind as best she could and envisioned a door of light, like the diary had said. Then she had to believe: first in the magical door before her, a door that the lailia could push open. Next she needed to believe in the creature itself: that it waited on the other side of the door. Finally she had to believe she could crack the door for her creature and help it into the world.
She believed in herself. 
Warmth like drinking hot cocoa steamed up within her and filled her body. She believed in the magic: energy sparked and hummed around her. She imagined a door of light. Cold almost bowled her over and rattled the room. She heard a knock and opened her eyes. A rectangle of light glowed before her. She grinned and closed her eyes again, concentrating on cracking the door. Another knock sounded.
"Believe in me."
She focused on the voice: the voice of her lailia. The door of light flared, and then she was in darkness and silence.
"Thank you."
"Are you with me?" she asked. "Did I do it?"
Her window bent and shattered. She ran to it. Dizziness struck her down and exhaustion overtook her. She thought she saw a shadow in her yard before she lost consciousness.

Chapter 56: Routine Check-up
Eric woke up inside a sleeping bag and did not remember where he was until Zip's smiling face greeted him.
"All that really happened? That means we did it girl!"
"I love you so much Eric!" Zip exclaimed and looked just as surprised as Eric to hear herself speak.
He hugged her and could not remember feeling happier.
"I love you too girl. It's so awesome to have you here. How does it feel?" He asked.
"It is so cold. But I feel so happy. I always felt happy but not like this. Now I understand it. I understand what it means. It means that I love you and that I never want to leave your side."
"I never want you to leave me girl. Come in here where its warm."
"I'll get my mucus on you."
"I don't care. We'll have to find something warm for you to wear. But right now I just want to be close to you. Come here girl and warm up."
Zip and Eric snuggled close.
Outside Rose smiled to herself by the campfire. She had been meditating, and in her state she could observe Eric and Zip's emotional interactions. She smiled because their love was beautiful, but she knew it was only a moment of calm in the storm they would have to face. Both of their lives would forever be different, and Zip would have to be constantly watched. She did not want another Tezca to surface. She did not even know what they were going to do about the original one. She sighed.
"Eric you and Zip need to get dressed and come out," she called. "We have more work to do."
Eric came out of the tent minutes later with Zip smiling broadly from his shoulder.
"Good morning Rose!" she said.
"And a good morning to you Zip. It is good to finally meet you."
"Thank you for doing this for us. We never want to be apart again," Eric said.
"I can see that and am happy for you both. We have today to work on one final thing and then we must return home. You have school son."
"School? I thought I wasn't going back to my normal life. I don't want to have to deal with my dad and that school again."
"Eric. I didn't bring you here and endure so much to have you drop out of school and run away from home. If you continue to exhibit such childish notions I will send Zip to where you will never be able to find each other again."
Zip shrank even smaller and cowered.
"You would? do that to us? After everything?" Eric asked.
"Eric, I did everything that I did for you both because I saw maturity in you and in your relationship with Zip. This is not a game. If I feel like it is necessary then yes, I will. But it does not mean I care about either of you any less. You just need to understand that this is a serious matter. No child of your age has ever had a substantiated lailia. It is a privilege that comes with responsibility."
"I understand ma'am. I'm sorry."
She hugged him and stroked Zip under her chin. The frog grew larger and rubbed her head against her hand.
"You both know that I am here for you, and you both know how I abhor immaturity. So let's try our best to do what we have to do before what we want to do. Okay?"
"Yes ma'am," they both said in unison.
She laughed. 
"So what's in store for us today?" Eric asked.
"We need to test the potential of your relationship with Zip and to see how your spirits interact with each other. That will give us some idea of the things you two will be capable of."
"What do you mean?"
"You already know how you two can heal each other if you focus together. There are other abilities lailias and their masters can achieve. But first we must perform some rituals."
"Does that mean walking Rose? I'm still sore from yesterday. I think my bruises have bruises."
"I'm tired too ma'am," Zip said.
"No, we won't be walking anywhere today," Rose smiled. "But this is something we need to do right away. It will only take a few minutes. Afterward we will get out of here and find something to eat."
"So what do you want us to do?"
"Sit down here at the fire with me. Zip, take my hand and Eric take my other hand. Now, close your eyes and clear your minds. Take deep even breaths."
Eric felt a jolt beneath his skull like a static shock.
"Alright both of you calm down. I am just doing a routine check to make sure the substantiation went well."
Eric felt pinpricks of pain every now and then as Rose prodded his mind. He could feel tears on his cheeks but resisted the urge to yell. That urge grew to be too much for him to bear. He moaned.
"Eric, I will be done shortly try to be patient."
He tried, but could not deal with the pain any longer. He cried and Rose screamed.
He opened his eyes and found her on her back with her eyes fluttering. Blood ran from her nose.
"Are you ok Rose? I'm so sorry. I tried so hard to wait. It just hurt so much."
She blinked and sat up.
"I'm fine child. Just fine."
Eric saw something different in her eyes when she looked at him: fear.
"Are you sure everything is ok?"
"Oh yes. You and Zip are healthy in body and mind. Everything went as planned. Let's get something to eat and head home. I'm sure your dad wants to see you."
Eric wanted to ask about what bothered Rose while they packed the camp up, but he didn't. He knew if it was something he needed to know she would have told him. Still he wondered why she was so quiet. She seemed like she was contemplating something or regretting her decision in the first place.
She barely spoke on their hike down to the car. Even when Eric recounted his Chunkey victory she merely congratulated him and gave him a weak smile.
"Do you regret it Rose?" Eric asked during the drive back.
She did not answer him.
"Rose?"
"Sorry child I must be tired. I didn't hear you."
"Do you regret it?"
She smiled at him.
"No. I never regret anything Eric. If I felt like I didn't trust you and Zip we would never have made this trip. I would have banished her the first moment I saw her."
"You could have done that?"
"Oh yes. If I felt it was necessary."
"Well thank you for giving us a chance."
"Everyone deserves a chance Eric. Everyone deserves a chance."
Eric did not know whether she was reassuring him or herself.

Chapter 57: Homecoming
That night Eric couldn't sleep. He pretended to be excited when he got home and listened while Rose lied to his dad about the scholarship money and how it would be available when Eric turned 17. 
His dad was disappointed but believed her, and he did not question the trip at all.
Eric was worried about Zarah. He knew he would see her at school the next day, but still he felt like something was wrong.
"Eric. Eric. Eric," Zip whispered in the middle of the night.
"I'm awake girl. What's wrong."
"I feel it too Eric. Something is not right. That octopus shadow feels like it's everywhere. The one riding Zarah. It feels like it's everywhere."
Eric crept downstairs and saw his dad was asleep. He grabbed the cordless phone, went back to his room and called Rose.
After the fifth try, she answered.
"Who is this? Who is calling me this late?"
"Ma'am I'm sorry. It's Eric."
"Eric. What's wrong child?"
"Zip said it feels like Tezca is everywhere now. She could feel her when she was at school and see her sometimes. Why would she be able to feel it all the way from here if it is attached to Zarah?"
"This is troubling news. I have felt something strange since we got back too, but I thought I would sleep it off. I assumed it was a side effect of our journey. I'll look into this Eric. Try to get some rest. I may call on you tomorrow depending on what I find."
"Yes ma'am I'll try my best. Good night."
"Good night to you child."
Rose hung up her phone and buried her face in her hands.
 She had been melancholic from the moment she got home and had checked the news. It had been worse than she could have predicted, and Tezca was not even close to being substantial. It was like Cahokia all over again. More than that Zarah, her mother and herself were in terrible danger. Tezca would be coming for her very soon, but she knew fear would only exacerbate things. 
Inner focus was what the situation called for. It would take all the power Eric, Zip and herself could muster and a stroke of luck to turn the tide. But, for tonight she would have to focus on herself.
She meditated, forcing fear away and believing in her goal. They would win. They had to. She would have to bide her time, train Eric and hope that Zarah would have the willpower to surmount Tezca's wiles.

Chapter 58: Unsung Hero
Zarah woke up to Jet shaking her and saying her name over and over again. She hadn't seen her so genuinely excited in almost a month. 
"What, Mom? I'm awake, jeez," Zarah said, but could not help but smile. 
"They're saying it's cured!"
"What is."
"The outbreak! People are starting to get better!"
Zarah lay back in bed and let out a laugh. Intense euphoria coursed through her, fell from her eyes and came out of her in sobs. 
"You have no idea how happy that makes me Mom."
Jet gave her a tight hug and kissed her head of messy hair.
"Schools are going to reopen tomorrow."
"Already?"
"People are getting discharged today by the thousands. It's a miracle. I'll be downstairs cookin up some breakfast! You may want to consider dying your hair before you go back. Your roots are comin through!" She called as she walked down the hall to the stairs.
Jet started singing a classic rock song in a high pitched mock voice. Zarah giggled. The sad thing was, it was her mom's real singing voice.
Zarah looked at her window and saw it was intact. She must have just imagined it breaking the night before. She had passed out in her day clothes, yet somehow she was in pjs. The diary was not on the floor, and the candle she had used was also missing. 
"What happened last night?"
She tried not to think too much on it. Why should she? She had saved herself and the city. Everything was going to be alright.
Zarah attended school the next day. Apparently more than half the school was absent: a record for the decade. She guessed parents were still wary about letting their kids go back to school and figured things would return to normal within the next couple days. 
Though things could finally return to normal, she would not feel right until things were resolved between her and Eric.
She had caught glimpses of him throughout the day, but every time she thought she saw him he would disappear. She hoped he wasn't literally disappearing to avoid her, but something told her that he was. 
His skin had darkened several shades, and he looked different. Zarah could see he had shed nearly fifteen pounds, but that wasn't what had changed. He stood up straighter. He walked as if he had a destination: a purpose. Confidence looked good on him.
In English she kept trying to throw notes to him, but they collected under his desk, and he did not read them.
At one point she looked back and the notes were gone, like she had never thrown them. He paid attention to Ms. Herd and paid Zarah no mind. He even participated in discussions and actually had good points. It seemed the Eric of the past had vanished and had been replaced by an improved version. What angered Zarah even more was the fact she felt even more attracted to him now. Just as she felt her frustrations building to an inevitable screaming eruption, he looked into her eyes for a split second and raised his hand.
"Can I use the bathroom Ms. Herd?"
"You've been fantastic today Eric. Yes. You may."
"Thank you."
He left the room. Zarah wanted to ask if she could go to the bathroom to get a chance to talk with him, but Ms. Herd never let more than one student out of class at a time for restroom breaks.
The bell rang minutes later, and Ms. Herd seemed to not notice or care that Eric had never returned from the bathroom.
Zarah left the room in a rage and looked in the boy's bathroom.
"What are you doing in here!" The boys at the urinals yelled at her.
"None of your business. Where is that boy!" she yelled and stormed out of the bathroom.
By the time she reached the lunchroom she calmed down a little. She knew he would have to eat at least. Everyone had to eat.
She purchased her food and sat down at a table by herself, glancing around for Eric all the while. Half way through the lunch period she knew he was not going to show up and put her headphones on to try to calm herself down.
Cadence and Tim walked up to her table and stood there until she noticed them.
"Hey friend."
Cadence smiled at her.
Zarah could tell by her sullen eyes she had not been getting much rest.
She hugged Zarah like she hadn't had a hug from her friend in years, as if it was the last embrace they were going to share.
Zarah felt something wet on her neck.
"I'm so sorry," Cadence sobbed.
Zarah held her closer.
"It's okay."
"I saw it Zarah."
Zarah nearly cried herself. 
"It's my fault," Zarah said. "It didn't... hurt you did it?"
Cadence held her hands.
"It is not your fault that thing did this. Don't you dare take the blame Zarah."
Zarah nodded, and Cadence hugged her once more.
They smiled at each other.
"Let's go eat," Zarah said.
"So why did you look so pissed before?" Cadence asked.
Zarah sighed and sat down at a lunch table with her. 
"I am pissed. Pissed at Eric."
"What happened this time?"
"He's avoiding me. He's been doing it all day somehow."
"Well Zarah, if he doesn't want to be friends with you he doesn't deserve you."
"You didn't want to be friends with me either."
"I said I was sorry okay? I was just freaked out. I should have been more understanding."
Zarah glanced around the lunch room for him.
"I just really needed a friend today, and he's acting like we're strangers Cadence."
"Well you'll always have me girl. I'm not going to treat you like that ever again. I'm sorry."
"I know. It's okay. Really. I'm just..."
Zarah looked up and saw Eric standing in the doorway of the lunchroom with tears in his own eyes.
"There he is!" She jumped up, knocked Cadence off of her seat and ran to talk to him.
When she reached the door he was gone. No one stood in the hall.
"Eric! Stop playing these games and talk to me! Eric!"
She waited.
Eric stood next to her, invisible. He had used Zip's abilities to avoid her all day. He stood so close to her he could smell her perfume. He wanted so badly to hold her again, to let her know everything was ok, that Tezca was not following her anymore, but he knew if he did it would somehow make things worse. 
He watched her shoulders slump and the tears fall from her eyes as she walked back to her table and felt sorrow shake him. Snot clogged his nose and tears pooled in his eyes. 
What he wanted didn't matter. He brought her into his world, and he would be the one to remove her from it. As Rose said, it had to be done.

Chapter 59: More than a Magician
When school ended Eric managed to dodge Zarah in the crowd under the bus canopy until he had to get on his bus. He heard her scream his name. She ran up to the bus as it was pulling away, screaming for him, drawing the eyes and ears of everyone on the bus and outside it.
"What the hell did you do to that girl?" A boy said to Eric.
"Nothing. She misses me. But I can't talk to her."
"She's pretty. If you don't want to talk to her I will. She is smokin hot."
"Hey. Watch your damn mouth."
The kid shrugged. 
"Well you better go after her then. Because if you don't, someone else will."
Eric sighed. The kid was right. If Rose wouldn't let him talk to Zarah, he would have to let her go.
"We'll find a way Eric," Zip said from his shoulder as they pulled out of the parking lot. "I miss her a lot too. Rose has got to let us be close to her again soon. Once we can figure out how to fix everything."
"I don't know if I want to fix everything if I can't have Zarah in my life, girl."
"Don't talk out loud Eric. People are looking at you like you're insane."
Eric sighed.
"I really don't care girl," he whispered. "Everyone has believed crap like that my whole life. You know that. Why should we care now."
"I just want you to be happy Eric," Zip said, and nuzzled his cheek.
Eric stroked her back.
"I love you Zip."
Zip nuzzled him.
"I'll be happier one way or the other. Hey. That's Rose's car isn't it?"
"It is! It is!"
Zip jumped up and down on his shoulder.
Eric pushed past everyone to get off the bus at the stop.
"Slow down child." Rose laughed. "I'm not going anywhere without you and Zip."
"It's great to see you ma'am!"
He gave her a sweaty bear hug and nearly knocked her over.
"Maybe I should have asked your dad for a change of clothes for you," she said. "You're in need of a serious shower."
"Sorry."
"It's fine child. Don't look so glum. I'm used to you by now. You're looking good by the way. You shed a few pounds on our trip."
Eric managed a smile.
"I'm just missing Zarah."
"We'll talk about all that in a moment. Let's get buckled up. We have things to do."
"Does my Dad know?" Eric said as he put his seat belt on.
"Yes. I spoke with him a few moments ago."
"See you in a minute girl," Eric said.
"I'll be right behind you Eric," Zip said.
They drove towards Rose's house.
"So everything that's on the news? It's because of Tezca isn't it?" Eric asked.
"Yes. It is. She seems to have some degree of freedom now. I want to call Zarah and talk about it, but I don't want to make anything worse."
"Yeah. I wanted to call her too, but I remembered what you said. So I didn't. Is there anything we can do to protect her? Or fix what's happened?"
"That is why I picked you up. I've thought about it and I think you and Zip are ready to learn a new technique. One that will be a building block for something not even I have seen in my life time."
"Really? You think her and I are going to be able to do something like that? What is it?"
"It is called melding. The basic principal involves Zip transferring some of her abilities to you for a short period of time."
"Like her invisibility?"
"Yes. That might be possible."
"Zip and I have been able to do that for a long time ma'am. Just not often. We had to use it today quite a bit though, to escape Zarah. She was chasing me all day."
"My word?"
"Ma'am? Is everything ok?"
"Yes Eric. I just haven't heard of anything like this. You and Zip continue to amaze me. So Zarah was hounding you today, hmm?"
"Yes. I really wanted to talk to her. Zip was able to help me escape every time though. She made us both invisible like it was nothing."
"So she can do it anytime she wants now?"
"I think so ma'am."
Rose looked over and could not see Eric sitting next to her.
She gasped.
"Ma'am are you okay? What's wrong?"
"You're still there? Don't do that to me child. I'm old."
"You can't see me?"
Eric popped back into view.
"I can now child. Zip is playing games it seems."
Eric smiled. 
"She loves mischief. Sorry ma'am I guess she thought it was time to give a demonstration."
"Well now that she has shown me the strength of your bond I know the exact ritual to perform. We will skip the basics and go straight into a full meld."
"A full meld?"
"Where you and Zip join together. As one. Only our greatest elders have performed such a technique. But, I believe you and Zip can do it."
"And if I can do this will I be able to save Zarah?"
"You just might be able to."
Eric nodded. He would do anything to save her: face any danger, surmount any obstacle. He wanted Zarah back in his life more than anything, and he knew Zip felt that way too.
"Is it dangerous?"
"Very. It might kill you both instantly if done wrong. Do you want to proceed?"
They pulled into Rose's driveway.
"I wouldn't have it any other way ma'am. Let's do it."
Rose hugged Eric close despite his sweat and boy stench.
"What was that for ma'am?"
"You believe in yourself. You have come so far, so very far. And I am so very proud of you."
Eric turned away from her so she wouldn't see his tears. No one had ever said such a thing to him before.
"Thank you ma'am."

Chapter 60: Dervish
Zarah danced herself into a state of exhaustion, yet she still leapt and spun, energized by frustration and propelled by anger. Eric had been ignoring her for a week straight. He would not talk to her. If she ran after him he just disappeared like an apparition, so she just stopped chasing him, but that didn't mean she didn't want him to chase her. He didn't even look upset about not having her in his life though, in fact he had started to talk to other girls. 
She stretched herself out after class for five minutes, and asked her teacher if she could keep dancing.
"You should take it easy. You danced like you had a demon or two in you today."
"It feels like I do. It is okay if I stay until my mom gets here?"
"Not today Zarah. You're limping around right now. You should hit the showers and get some rest."
"You're probably right. See you next time."
"Take care of yourself."
Zarah rinsed herself off, changed and waited outside for Jet.
She listened to her IPhone and started moving to the music. She walked to the large glass windows of the dance school and started dancing again, not caring about anything else. She just wanted to feel normal again, if she had to dance Eric out of her she would. She hadn't needed him before she met him, and she didn't need him now. She fought back tears when that lie crossed her mind: everything had seemed bland until she had met him. Now he wanted nothing to do with her.
She saw Jet's car pull into a spot behind her and pulled her headphones out.
Jet rolled her window down.
"Why are you doing that outside Zarah? Everyone can see you."
"I haven't had stage fright in years mom," Zarah said and got into the car.
"Oh. I wasn't referring to how you feel Zarah. I was just concerned about how everyone else will be scarred by you revealing your body in such a horrendous manner."
"Mom. What in the hell are you talking about."
"Do not speak to me like that, girl!" Jet shouted.
Zarah shrank back.
"Sorry mom. I'm? I'm just having a really bad day."
"Good. You deserve all the pain you are going through."
"Why are you acting like this all of a sudden Mom?"
"Maybe you should think more about how you are treating me than how I am reacting, Zarah. Go straight to your room when we get home."
"Okay."
"What?"
"Yes ma'am."
Jet smiled.
"Maybe there is hope for you yet."
Zarah tried to put her headphones on, but Jet pulled them out and snatched her Ipod from her.
"You don't deserve such luxuries. I'll give it back to you when you're obedient."
Zarah did not know how to react. She had assumed everything was going to stop. Jet acted as if Tezca was still holding sway over her. She didn't know what to do, so she cried.
Zarah sobbed quietly to herself until she got home and went to her room. She lay on her bed and let herself wallow for a few more minutes. Half an hour later she crept downstairs to see what Jet was doing. She was sitting on the couch with her eyes closed.
Zarah saw her IPhone on the table next to her, crept over and snatched it, looking over her shoulder as she carefully made her way to the stairs. 
Jet didn't seem to notice.
Zarah found her grandma's phone number in her contacts and called her.
"Hello?"
"It's me Grandma, Zarah. Couldn't you see me on your ID?"
"I can't see much of anything when I'm this groggy, child. What's wrong? You sound frantic."
"Did you get my message? Not that I have time to talk about it right now. Mom is being crazy, again. I think?"
Her line went dead. When she tried to redial her phone had frozen. It wouldn't let her power cycle it either.
Her door flew open, and she saw her mother staring at her with wide blood shot eyes.
"You little thief?"
Jet walked over to her slowly and grabbed both her arms. She pulled Zarah close to her face.
"You will do your homework and go to bed without dinner. Do not test me anymore. Do you understand me."
Jet's stagnant breath made Zarah cringe.
Zarah tried to throw Jet away from her but could not break free from her grip.
"Question me again and see what happens," she said, inches from Zarah's face. "Do your homework and do not disturb me for the rest of the night."
Jet slipped Zarah's IPhone into her pocket and left her alone.
Zarah sobbed and sat on her bed in defeat.
Jet stood outside with one ear pressed against the door, smiling wider as Zarah's fit escalated. 

Chapter 61: The End was Only a Beginning
Rose hung up the phone and sighed. Danger was immanent. After the amount of fear caused by the outbreak, Tezca had to have enough power to continue her plan. Rosilee could only hope that she was recovering from her malicious act and simply could not focus quite yet.
She walked back into the living room where Eric sat with Zip. The air smelled like ozone, and her hair stood on end.
Blood ran from Eric's nose.
"Eric take a break."
"No. I can feel the connection now. We're getting close today." 
"Eric you have made a lot of progress this month. It's late. We both need to get some rest."
"No. Just let me concentrate."
"Eric..."
Gusts of cold wind blew against her, and a low hum vibrated the room. Bolts of energy lanced from Eric to Zip. Eric yelled and white light blinded them both. Rosilee's ears rang.
When the light cleared she saw Eric crumpled on the ground with his eyes wide. He moaned and seized. His mouth foamed up. Zip nuzzled him with her slimy head.
"Come little one we need to get him to a hospital."
"I can mend him ma'am. Just sit him on the couch. I'll mend him enough so we can get him home safely."
Rose nodded. Rose lifted him with ease and placed him on the couch.
Zip let a bit of her saliva drip into his mouth.
Rose grimaced.
"It will help ma'am. I promise. I just need a few minutes with him now."
Eric stopped shaking and moaning. His eyes closed.
Zip sat on his belly and closed her eyes.
Rose took a moment to look through her diaries for a method to safely expedite Eric's training and noticed Jamira's diary was missing. It all made sense to her suddenly. Somehow Zarah had ended up with the diary. Perhaps she had underestimated the seductive power of Tezca after all. She picked up the phone to call her, but she got an automated message saying to try her call again later.
"It has already begun then," she said.
She did not have as much time as she had anticipated. Tezca would have enough power to maim and kill any day.
She walked back to the living room to check on Eric and Zip. Eric lay on the couch, snoring.
"He's fine ma'am. We should get him home so he can rest."
"Yes. I agree. Thank you Zip."
Rose stroked her underneath her chin.
"You get your rest too when we get you back. You two have a lot of work to do. We're running out of time."
"I felt like him and I were going to be together forever ma'am."
"Like you two were going to become one?"
"Yes. One and the same. For a second I saw things as he does. I can feel his emotions, and when we talk through our minds I can hear his thoughts, but I really felt like I was a part of him, and he was a part of me."
Rose clasped her hands together.
"Perhaps we can dare to hope then Zip. Perhaps we can."

Chapter 62: Girl-In-White
Zarah dreamed for the first night in weeks. She knew it was a dream as soon as she opened her eyes. She looked out her window and saw everyone was outside playing. Their happiness made brought a smile to her face. She saw Eric outside her window, waving at her.
"Come hang out with us Zarah! We're sorry!"
She felt the warm breeze on her face, and it carried her resentment away.
She grinned at him.
"I'll be right down!"
She got dressed and opened her door.
The sky was dark. Frigid wind blew her backward. She blinked and a small figure in a white robe stood in front of her.
"I'm sorry Zarah," said an airy female voice from underneath the hood.
Zarah saw everyone outside no longer played, they lay on the ground. No one moved. Eric was sprawled on her front lawn.
She ran to him. His face was cold when she touched it, like he had passed hours before.
"Eric! No! No!"
"I'm sorry Zarah," the voice said again.
"Who are you. Are you my lailia?"
"Always and forever. Yes."
"Why are you showing me this?"
"Zarah, I didn't want it to be this way. But unfortunately there is no alternative. I tried to spare them. I tried."
"It's you. You did this. You killed him!"
Zarah stood to attack the hooded figure.
A high, wild laugh taunted her from beneath the hood, Tentacles sprang out and Zarah woke, sweating.
Her mother stood over her in the dim light of the sunrise, staring at her.
"Mom. What are you doing?"
"You were having a nightmare."
"So why didn't you wake me up?"
Jet sighed.
"I don't know. It was interesting to watch. How are you feeling?"
Jet's hands felt clammy on her forehead.
"You don't feel like you have a fever. I suppose you can go to school today."
"Why wouldn't I?"
"Everyone was just so sick Zarah. I was afraid you were going to have a relapse."
"Feeling fine."
"Well, I'm just glad you were able to get over it so easily."
"Thanks for your support mom."
"Was that sarcasm?"
"What do you think mom. You've been acting like a freakin zombie again since yesterday. What's your problem? Maybe you're the one that needs to go see the doctor."
"Don't talk that way to me. You can just stay here today."
"You can't keep me home from school!"
"I just did," Jet closed the door to her room behind her as she left.
Zarah sat in her room until she was too hungry to stand it and tried to go downstairs to eat.
"Go back to your room Zarah," Jet said from the couch.
"I'm hungry mom."
"Disobedient little girls don't deserve nourishment. Go back to your room." 
Zarah slammed her door and lay in bed. She was lonely, and hungry. Her mom had never treated her like this before. Even when she had felt malicious and acted on every little evil whim, Jet still supported her. It couldn't be Tezca again. 
She put her head in her hands. Yet, that was the only thing that meant sense.
Where was her lailia? She needed it now, so why was it not coming to her aid? Maybe her ritual hadn't worked? What if something else had came through the door instead. What if she had actually freed Tezca?
She panicked at the thought and rummaged to find her grandmother's diary.
Her door swung open. It was her mother.
"If you're looking for your grandmother's diary I took it. I don't want you filling your head with that nonsense. I had to deal with it growing up, and I don't want you to have to deal with it too."
"How did you know that was what I was looking for? It's not yours anyway Mom. It's Grandma's."
"You have no right to speak to me that way. You stole that diary didn't you. She would never let them leave her house."
Zarah did not reply.
"That's what I thought. What happened to the pages?"
"They were torn out in the middle of the night."
"Been trying your hand at some witchcraft maybe?"
"It's not witchcraft!"
Zarah didn't know exactly what the ritual was though.
"Well I'll be keeping it," Jet smiled.
"You're not going to call her?"
"No. There is no reason to. Everything is going to work out just fine."
Jet smiled at her as she closed the door.
Zarah knew her theory was true. Tezca was somehow controlling her again. Maybe her mom was right: Tezca had planned everything. Unless her lailia arrived soon, she wouldn't be able to defend herself or anyone else from its blood-lust.
"Zarah," a light voice whispered.
There was a shimmer in front of her, and then the sunlight reflected off of it. A shadow formed and took shape. Zarah thought she saw eight tentacles, but they sank into the mass. Shadows became a small body: a girl with white skin and long red hair that flowed over her body like a robe.
"I need your help."
Zarah blushed and looked away.
"You need some clothes? Are you my lailia?"
"I suppose I do. My apologies. And yes, always and forever."
"You can wear this bath robe. I'm happy to see you. I was so afraid for my mom. Can you help us?" 
Zarah watched her don the white bath robe and pull her long bright red hair out of it.
"Yes. I believe I can. Tezca is trying to substantiate. She is ingesting the blood of the children in the area. If she drinks enough she will become whole. You have seen yourself what tortures she can inflict."
"I summoned you so we could capture it. I assumed when you left that's what you were trying to do. Where have you been?"
"Do not speak to me with such disrespect!"
The room shook and Zarah cringed.
"Sorry?" 
Her lailia was not like Zip at all.
"We cannot hope to apprehend it. It must be slain."
"I didn't want to kill anything. I can't."
"Zarah you must. And you must command me to do what we must do. Otherwise this city will be in danger. Her hunger cannot be satisfied, and when she is finished here she will move on."
"What do I need to do?"
"The Cursed lailia must rest like humans do. When it sleeps it must sleep inside a host. We must kill that host."
"Now I have to murder someone?!"
"I would do it. Don't worry yourself. All you must do is command me."
"Okay."
"You must say you give me permission."
"I permit you to kill whoever you must."
She grinned. 
"Thank you."
"Wait. Who is it?"
"I regret I cannot say."
"Ok."
"Stay here. I will return."
She heard her go downstairs. Her mother screamed.
"Mom!"
Zarah ran downstairs and found her face down in the kitchen. Blood stained her clothes and her pale skin. With her color drained, contorted face frozen at the moment of her final cry, she looked like a physical portrayal of fear: Tezca's first kill in centuries, her debut work. Her face and arms were covered with oozing stings. The girl stood over her and looked over her pallid corpse, seemingly unaffected, while Zarah wailed.
"I am sorry. I tried to stop it."
Blood dripped from the girl's jaw and hands.
"This is a dream. It's just a nightmare. I'm going to wake up anytime."
"I tried to stop her. She knocked me aside."
Zarah touched Jet's cold body and the realization shot through her like a jolt of electricity: this was real.
She ran to the phone to call 911.
"It is still here. Still hungry. We must go someplace safe."
"My Grandma can help."
Zarah tried to call Rose with her phone, but the phone would not respond to her touch. She ran to the landline and there was no dial tone.
The girl squeezed her shoulder tenderly.
"Let us go to her."
"I can't do this. I can't."
"You must. It will kill you too if we stay. It is too powerful for me."
"Fine. Fine."
Zarah dug through her mom's pockets, mourning all the while. All she wanted to do was lay down and wait for Tezca to end her suffering: this was all her own fault. But, realizing that motivated her: this couldn't happen to anyone else. She found the car keys and left.

Chapter 63: Tezca
Rosilee had just dressed to go check on Eric when she heard a frantic knock on the door.
"Grandma!!"
"Zarah?"
She ran to the door and opened it.
"Grandma I'm so sorry! It got Mom! I tried to stop it but I couldn't! I did everything I could. Everything I could Grandma! But she's dead!"
"Slow down child. What happened?"
"Tezca. She killed Mom!"
"What!"
"I... I took your diary."
"It wasn't my diary you took. It was my great grandmother's. She was driven insane by the Cursed during her travels. She became obsessed with immortality. Believed she could actually control the thing."
"I?" Zarah cried harder. "I killed Mom. It was all my fault! I never should have read that diary. I thought I was giving my own lailia substantiation. But it was using me? the whole time!"
"Did you give it permission to kill?"
"Yes. It said I needed to kill the curse's host? and it killed Mom!"
"That means it's nearly substantiated and that it is coming here for me."
"For you?"
"Yes. It must kill your mother and I to regain its body. Get inside now. It will be here any minute."
Bright red tentacles wrapped around Zarah's neck arms and legs.
"Come to me now Rosilee. Or she will suffer."
The red haired girl stood a few yards away, but was now hairless and had eight tentacles instead of arms. It had the face of a girl, but when it spoke its jaw opened wide. Hundreds of pointed teeth filled its mouth. Pincers lengthened and curved stingers poked from their ends. Its legs split apart and lengthened until they looked like giant bright red crab legs. Her pale skin blushed into fiery orange. Strands of her hair melted together into writhing tentacles.
"Now!"
"I will come. Do not hurt her. Please."
A high wild cackle escaped her maw.
"Yes. Yes. Come. Stand before me."
She walked closer.
"No Grandma!"
It wrapped its tentacles around her and pulled her close. Its mouth opened. Its pincers slowly surfaced and retracted to sting her. 
Rosilee threw both her hands out.
Zarah's ears popped and rang and Tezca flew back like something had slammed into her. She dug her tentacles into the ground to stop herself. She hissed, her tentacles spiraled through the air as they stretched for Rosilee.
She threw her arms up in a circle. Two more pops sounded: two tentacles were knocked away. With every sweep of her arm she knocked a tentacle aside, like some kind of psychic kung-fu. She looked tired though. A few minutes passed before she looked worn down and vulnerable.
One tentacle swept her from her feet and two more held her aloft.
"Hey!"
Zarah heard Eric but did not see him. Tezca lost her grip on Rosilee, and Zarah thought she saw a green and red blur grab her from the air before something struck Tezca's legs. It seemed annoyed at first and then toppled over. She roared and her tentacles flew about her, trying to catch her assailant, but she only managed to tangle her legs up with them.
A rush of wind hit Zarah and Rosilee and then Eric stood next to them: Eric with green and red scales instead of skin, long frog legs, sinewy arms and large hands with short clawed fingertips.
"Eric?"
"Hey Zarah. Missed you."
"You too? What happened to you?"
"I'll explain later. Right now we have running to do."
"He's right," Rosilee panted. "I can't fight much longer and neither can he. I told you no melding without my supervision Eric."
They ran towards their cars.
"Well. You're supervising now aren't you?"
"Boy. Don't test me."
"Here's my keys. Mom's car is faster."
"You drove?" she asked with a chuckle as she took the keys.
"Yeah? I don't want to talk about it."
Tentacles wrapped around Rosilee's Buick and her daughter's charger, smashed them together and hurled them at the group of them.
Rosilee separated her extended arms, and the cars were flung away.
Tezca scuttled towards her, the ground trembled from her movement. Eric hurled himself at her, kicked her chest and knocked her back. He flipped in the air, jumped off one of its legs, raked a claw up her chest and landed on her shoulder.
Tentacles shot up after him and grabbed his ankles.
Rosilee threw her arms out: her power nudged her. Tezca cackled and snatched her up. Her six free tentacles wrapped around her like boas and squeezed. She gasped for air. Eric struggled with the two tentacles but could not break free.
Zarah heard him yell and saw his body change. His scales melted off of him and his muscles shrank away. He became himself again.
Zarah wanted to save them more than anything she had ever wanted in her life. That need sparked something in her. Warmth filled her body and light spouted from her eyes and mouth. A noise like a thunderbolt sounded and a hole of light opened in the air above her. White light streaked from it towards Tezca and struck her like a falling star before the hole closed. It shrieked and dropped Rosilee and Eric. Her flesh sizzled from the impact, and she looked frantically for her attacker.
Sound rumbled in the sky, light exploded against her again, and the sound wave rumbled the air around them. Tezca's cry of pain deafened them, and she seemed to melt away in the air. 
Zarah heard wings flutter behind her and was blinded by white light. It dimmed, and she saw a glowing bird flit towards her. It was the size of a large eagle with wings of long curved multicolored feathers, and a head like a cockatiel with a golden crest.
"Toodaloo my lady," the bird said in a singsong voice.
"Hello. Are you? mine?
"My life is yours my lady. Though this is our first meeting. I've missed you."
Zarah felt the same. She had never felt more complete in her life and she did not have the words to express the feeling. She merely stared into the bird's shimmering silver eyes and smiled.
"A little help!" Eric yelled as he tried to hoist Rosilee up.
Zarah's bird flitted to her grandma's shoulder and nipped her cheek.
"Ow! Son a bee hive what was that!" She swatted at Zarah's bird and stood to chase it before she realized her injuries were all but healed.
"My apologies my lady. Your grandmother is healed."
"Zarah who is? how did you?"
"What do you mean Grandma? This is my lailia."
"You summoned him? Just now?"
"Yes. He saved us from Tezca and healed you."
"Thank you for your help. You are a beautiful creature," Rose said. 
"My pleasure. As I am Zarah's so I am yours my lady. I humbly suggest we flee this site."
"What did he say Zarah?" Rosilee asked.
"You can't understand him?"
"No. It sounds like chirping to us," Rose said.
"He said thanks and that we need to run."
"He's probably correct."
Zip hopped excitedly at their feet and jumped into Eric's arms.
"I'm glad you're ok too girl. I knew it wouldn't take you long to change back."
"Grandma, why didn't you tell me about your power?" Zarah asked. "You were amazing."
"We'll talk about all that later. Did you bring a cell with you?"
"Yeah."
"Let me see it."
"Zarah it's great to see you," Eric said.
"Just because you saved our lives does not mean I forgive you for ignoring me like I don't exist."
"I was training. I had to. I'm sorry."
"I went through so much. I needed you. You could have at least called."
"I wasn't ready and? and she wouldn't let me."
"Grandma," Zarah said.
"Yeah. We're at my house," Rosilee said into the cell phone. "I don't care what you're doing. Get over here, pick us up and get us to the safe house. I wouldn't call unless I really needed you."
"Grand? ma!" Zarah said.
"Yes child, yes."
"You told him to ignore me. If you hadn't mom could have survived."
Rosilee glared at Zarah and even though Zarah wanted to argue with her and blame everything on her grandmother she decided against it.
"How long will it take you to get here," Rosilee said into the phone, not taking her eyes from Zarah.
Zarah wanted to cry.
"Make it five minutes. You're only a few miles from here," Rosilee hung up. "Zarah, look at me. I have something I need to tell you. Child show me some respect and look at me!"
Zarah's tear filled eyes met Rose's stern ones.
"I knew about Tezca for awhile. I purposely kept my distance from you for the same reason I had Eric keep his. If you had stopped believing in her existence she would have left you alone. She thrives on fear. You stole the diary. I tried to help you, but after you did that it nullified any effort I have made or could have made. You did this to yourself."
"I didn't Grandma," Zarah pleaded. "Tezca did it. I found it at home. It tortured me every day and night until I read it and did what it wanted me to do. I miss her Grandma. I miss Mom."
Rosilee hugged her and let her cry. "I know. I miss her too. I wish this could have been easier. Things were hard for me like this when I discovered my power, but we don't have time for hard. We will have to grieve later. Right now we have to save ourselves."
"Grandma all that is too much right now. I just want to cry."
"Ok child."
Rose was trying hard to maintain her prudence in order to save them, but beneath her calm demeanor she was in a state of complete chaos. Her daughter was dead, and she did not even have time to feel despair because if she let herself become taken over she would be killed too. Zarah would be next. She resolved to do everything she could to save Zarah, for her daughter and to preserve the fate of the world. Both Zarah and Eric had capabilities far beyond anything she had ever anticipated. The arrival of Zarah's lailia had been one of the most beautiful things she had ever witnessed. Still, she did not know if it would be enough.
Eric stepped up to comfort Zarah.
Her bird flew in front of his face and cawed.
"Ok. Ok. I get it. She's mad at me."
It chirped and flew into the air.
A pink SUV pulled up with Katy Perry blaring from the speakers.
"Oh. My. God. Your car! The house! You! Like? you're beaten up!" The driver, a thin orange skinned girl with blonde streaks in her waist length hair said. It made Zarah wish she had never cut hers.
"Where's your mother Sandra?" Rosilee asked.
"She couldn't come. Called me at the house and told me to like come and get y'all or she wouldn't let me go partying this weekend."
"The bull crap I have to swallow?"
"Didn't know you had a taste for crap Rosilee," Eric said.
"Eric shut up. Everyone in the car. Not you two," she said to the lailias.
"But my bird will just sit on my shoulder."
"Have you ever owned a bird?" Rosilee asked.
"What? What bird?" Sandra asked.
"She's trying to bring her invisible pet bird with her," Rosilee said.
Eric chuckled. Zarah glared at them both.
"Well? if it's invisible. I don't think it'll be much of a problem," Sandra said.
"Birds poop Zarah," Rosilee said. "I assume it knows how to fly?"
It flew above her and pooped on her head.
"I do indeed and I never miss my lady!"
Zarah giggled sand so did Eric.
"Now I understand why you laughed so much," she said to Eric.
"Y'all are freakin weirdos. Like mega weird," Sandra said.
Rosilee sighed. 
"That animal's as sassy as you child. Have any napkins in here? Get in the car you two!" She yelled at Zarah and Eric.
"So we're goin some place downtown right?" Sandra asked.
"Yeah. Don't talk about it. You never know who's listenin," Rosilee said.
"Riight. Well let's listen to some Perry in the meantime," she turned her radio up and started singing.
"Turn that crap down. We aren't some of your friends on a joy ride," Rosilee said.
"I hate Katy Perry," Zarah said. "She's depressing me even more. Turn it off."
"She's my favorite," Eric said. "Hot too."
"Not in the mood Eric," Zarah said.
"Oh I love Katy," Sandra said. "She's so catchy and sexy."
Sandra rambled on and on about her music and about how she wanted to sing like Katy Perry and dance like Lady Gaga and how she was going to give the people what they wanted.
Eric and Zarah tuned her out after five minutes. Eric kept trying to start up a conversation with Zarah, but she would only nod or give curt answers to his questions. She felt lost, sad and alone and did not feel like trusting her tender emotions to a boy who abandoned her. Eventually he sighed and kept his thoughts to himself.

Chapter 64: New Cahokia
Zarah saw a black car turn the corner behind them. They had driven for about an hour, and she had noticed it a few times before.
"Grandma, have you seen that black car before?"
"What?"
"It's a couple cars behind us now. I had noticed it before but didn't say anything."
"Even if they are following us it won't matter. The safe house is near."
"Oh my god. What if they follow me home!"
"Sandra we're fine. You know this is why your mother should have came?"
"Well she said her meeting was important."
"Yes. Yes. Take the next right."
"This is an old country road. They'll catch up for sure," Sandra complained.
"That's the point," Eric said.
"What are you going to do! Don't shoot guns at them or anything. I don't want my car full of bullet holes. I knew I should have just said no. I should have just said no!"
Rose put her hands on Sandra's head and rubbed.
"Relax."
"Yes, ma'am?" she mumbled and drove.
The black civic edged closer as Sandra's foot relaxed on the gas pedal. They were coming up to a small bridge.
"Seat belts," Rosilee said. She rolled down her window and looked behind at the car before they crossed the bridge. She stuck out her tongue and the bridge trembled and fell apart as the Civic crossed it. It fell into the creek below.
"You can use your power with your tongue?" Eric asked.
"Without my tongue I wouldn't have my power son."
"Seriously?"
"Grandma you're disgusting," Zarah said.
Rosilee laughed. "I just stuck it out for good measure. Get us where we need to go before they put someone else on us," She said to Sandra, who blinked and shook her head, as if coming out of a dream.
"Mmhm," she said, and didn't say a word for a few minutes. 
They stopped at a light.
Black Suburbans blocked off the intersection. Sandra checked the rear-view mirror. She saw police lights. They were surrounded completely. Officers dressed in common clothes got out of the Suburbans and raised pistols at the pink Expedition.
"Get out of the car now with your hands in the air!" A female voice said through a megaphone.
"Oh my god! Oh my god!" Sandra screamed the phrase til her face turned red and she was out of breath and panting.
"What do we do!" Zarah said.
"Get out of the car with your hands up. Stay calm," Rosilee said. "Do not attack them. Eric?"
"Yes."
"Did you hear me."
"Yes ma'am."
"Good. Let's go."
They got out of the car.
Officers walked up to them, cuffed them, blindfolded them and put them in separate cars.
"Where are you taking us?" Zarah asked.
"God, Elise's daughter is a screamer. Should have gagged her too," one of the officers said. The other one laughed.
They knew Sandra. The officers must have been connected to the car that followed them.
"Where are you taking us!" Zarah demanded.
They turned their music up: Nickelback. Zarah despised Nickelback. She truly believed her life could not get any worse. 
Fifteen minutes later they pulled into a parking garage and hauled them out of their vehicles. Zarah could hear Sandra screaming, Rosilee telling her to shut up and Eric chuckling despite the situation. An elevator dinged next to them and they went down several floors.

Chapter 65: Duel
They took them several yards from the elevator.
"We brought them in as you commanded ma'am."
"Thank you. Remove their bindings and blindfolds and leave us."
 Their cuffs came off first and then their blindfolds. Zarah turned and saw them before they entered the elevator. They looked like a bunch of regular people in t-shirts, shorts and jeans, nothing like officers.
"Elise. Thanks for the warm welcome."
"Hello Rose," said Elise, a thin woman in her fifties with long straight white hair. She wore a robe of crimson red furs. A black house cat mewed at her feet. "I do apologize for sending Sandra. We were convening."
"I wondered why you left us high and dry."
"The Cursed Lailia, Tezca, has returned and has taken physical form. Your granddaughter Zarah performed the ritual. Did you know this?"
"Yes."
"I can feel the negative energy dripping from her. How did you do it girl. How did you summon it."
"I believed. I believed like the journal said."
"You are the descendant of our betrayer without a doubt. Speaking your family's last name is a serious offense, did you know that girl?"
Zarah narrowed her eyes.
 "You didn't help her Rose? I don't believe that for a second."
"She was helping me with Zip," Eric said.
"Illegal activity then, either way. Not looking good for you Rose."
"Only my family calls me Rose."
"My mistake. So you helped this outsider conjure his lailia and substantiate it?"
"It was already conjured. Somehow it constructed itself."
"That is preposterous."
"I am aware of how rare such an occurrence is. Only a handful have been recorded."
"In mythology and folklore. They have never been backed up by fact. Where is this Zip? Let me study it for myself."
"It is a her," Eric said. "And she is standing in front of you now."
Elise looked down and saw Zip appear and grow to her maximum size. Her cat hissed. Its bones cracked as it too became larger. Its green eyes lit up, orange stripes glowed on its fur. Both animals were the size of jungle cats.
"Peace Ember."
Ember growled, and settled down.
"What a disgusting creature," Elise muttered, she knelt and stroked Ember. His stripes faded along with his color and the light left his eyes, making him look like a panther. "You lie. Your herder mark is on the creature. Did you think I wouldn't notice?"
"I un-summoned her and herded her properly to ensure everyone's safety. You know that is protocol with cases like this."
"It matters not. We will banish her now."
Eric stepped forward. Rose stretched a thin arm in front of him.
"It would be a waste. His lailia is beautiful and so is he. They are capable of more than you can imagine. He and Zip can perform melds Elise."
"How. Not even I can sustain such a powerful technique."
"He can. For almost ten minutes by my count."
Elise looked angry, overcome by jealously, and in an instant she calmed.
"He will stay here til you two have slain The Cursed. You may stay three days to prepare. Then you must be on your way."
"I must speak to Warden Moira," Rosilee said.
"You have no right. She will not speak to a defector."
"She will make an exception for me."
"She left before you arrived. She decided she did not trust you to succeed and appointed herself to search for a Plan B."
"That daughter of a bee hive."
"She had choice words for you as well."
"Show us to our rooms please."
"Tears, Rosilee?"
"Show us to our rooms."
Elise smiled.
"Your daughter will be sharing a room with her father. We were prudent enough to place him under protection."
"Dad's here?" Zarah asked.
"Not yet, but he will be. You will be shown to your holding cell Rosilee."
"Preposterous. You think I will submit to such humiliation."
"I know you will. Those were the matron's terms. Otherwise out with you all. Her words not mine."
Air around them all whistled, and whirled. Electricity built up around Elise and her hair stood on end. Both her and Ember looked terrified. Rosilee calmed down, and so did the small storm.
"Fine. Do what you will. Make sure Zarah is prepared."
"Show yourself to the cell block. They are expecting you."
Zarah hugged her.
"Sorry Grandma."
"Child it isn't your fault."
She opened an arm for Eric, and he came into her embrace.
"Take care of her Eric."
"Yes ma'am."
"Always so well mannered. Notify his parents Elise. Do me that courtesy."
"It's taken care of."
Grandma looked back once more and left the room.
"So," Elise smiled when she left. "?alone finally. I am sorry I did not introduce myself formally. Rosilee and I, well Rosilee has history with everyone here."
"Why do you hate my grandmother so much?" Zarah demanded.
"Children do not look at me like that. It is a situation that occurred before your time. We have other things to discuss."
"She would never disrespect anyone without a reason," Eric said.
"Enough," Elise said. "Let's see them then. Your lailias. What they're capable of."
"Zip wants nothing to do with either of you," Eric said.
"Mine? hasn't made it here yet," Zarah said.
"Well the orange doesn't fall far from the tree. Your mother could not even commune with her lailia and your grandmother," she laughed.
"Shut up!" Zarah yelled.
Zarah's lailia appeared with a colorful explosion of light, like a firework, dove for Elise and sliced her shoulder with a swipe of his talon.
She shrieked and Ember dared to pounce on her, but missed.
Elise's hand went to her shoulder. It burned her hand. She drew it back and looked at it: no blood. The wound had instantly cauterized.
"Serves you right," Zarah said.
"Well said," Eric said.
Her lailia prepared to strike again.
"Call it off."
He cawed and dove.
"Call it off!"
He flew to Zarah's shoulder.
"She smells like rotting rat," he said.
Zarah chuckled.
"Rotting rat! Rotting rat! Does she stink or is it her cat?" he chirped.
"You'll be a delicious snack for my litter, birdy," Ember hissed, and licked her master's wound. Elise's gouges closed up.
Zarah's bird laughed like an excited girl. Eric high fived Zarah and Zip croaked triumphantly.
"Yours has no herder mark... Perhaps Rose was not lying. I shouldn't have presumed you so incompetent. For that I apologize. You two are prodigies in the making. Despite your origins you have potential, Zarah."
"Whatever," Zarah said.
"Well Eric. Your turn then. Care for a duel?"
"A what?"
"Your lailia. Matched against mine."
Eric stroked Zip. She grew. Orange scales covered her body, talons curved out of her feet and spines from her back.
Ember purred in anticipation.
"Go get her girl," Eric said.  
Zip camouflaged, Ember pounced on the spot where she was and growled. Orange flame consumed Ember's fur, wrapped around her like a sweater of fire, and she was a fireball, rebounding off every wall in an attempt to catch Zip, but Zip proved quicker.
Zip back flipped off a wall and spat a wad of mucus on Ember. Her flamed snuffed out, and the slime made her stick against the wall, she tried to recover but before she could Zip flicked her long pink tongue, wrapped it around her and flung her about the room, cracking the tile walls and ceiling with Ember as if she were a wrecking ball and the room was due for demolition.
Ember's hair stood on end. The needle-like quills punctured Zip's tongue. Zip hurled her upward and Ember stuck to the ceiling and mewed.
"Enough," Elise said.
Ember's hair softened, and she landed on her feet. She hissed and she darted for Zip. Zip hopped over her and Ember's hair stood up and burst from her body. Quills penetrated Zip's soft underbelly. She squeaked and fell to the floor. Ember pounced.
"Eeenough!" Elise yelled.
Ember's bright yellow eyes became blue and wide. She slunk back to Elise, lessening to the size of a black kitten by the time she was at her ankles. 
Eric ran to Zip, removed the quills and held her.
"It's ok. The puss cheated. You won. You did great."
"I underestimated the both of you," Elise said. "I will show you to your rooms. After breakfast tomorrow, you both will train."

Chapter 66: Comfort Food
Zarah was shown to her room. It was tiny, smaller than a walk in closet. There was a sink, a nasty toilet and a rickety bed. She sat on the twin size bed. It creaked under her weight, and she thought she heard something snap. 
"How long will we be staying here?" she asked.
Her escort shrugged.
"You'll find out more tomorrow. Hungry? Want some pizza?"
"Yeah I'm famished."
The woman laughed.
"There's no friggen pizza here... American slob."
Zarah's bird sat on her shoulder as a small golden cockatiel, but at the woman's insult it shrieked, flew at her and left a gouge on her hand when she raised it to protect herself. 
"It's fine," Zarah sighed. "Leave her alone."
Her bird perched on her shoulder, his eyes ablaze with a golden light.
"So... pizza?"
The woman nodded.
"Three extra larges. Make sure Rose and Eric gets some too."
"I can't guarantee..."
The bird cocked its head and chirped.
"Yes, okay. I'll bring it."
She shuffled down the hall.
"You didn't have to do that you know?"
"You allow far too much disrespect my lady. Those that dare insult you should be reminded of their place."
She scratched the bird under its chin.
"Where did you come from?"
"I answered your call. I could hear your need but could not speak. I could feel you but could not see or touch. Then, much like an infant I saw color could move, and at the right time I pushed myself into reality. Your need opened that door."
"So you've always existed?"
"Yes. I am part of you, and you are a part of me."
"Can we stop Tezca?"
"She is powerful, but it is possible."
Zarah remembered how her mom's face looked, how her body was contorted and her pallid skin.
"We have to stop her. She can't kill anyone else."
The bird nuzzled her.
"My talons and wings are yours, my lady. I will do everything in my power."
Zarah nodded and let herself cry. Her dad walked in with pizza ten minutes later. They ate and talked. She awed him with her bird and with her story. He couldn't believe it and asked if she had heard from Mom. She told him what happened. He didn't believe at first, but when Zarah started bawling he held her, and he knew she told the truth. They mourned together, and Zarah felt her sadness shift to anger and then hatred.
Her dad stepped away from her.
"You feel really hot. Are you okay?"
Zarah moaned and twitched, watching him with unblinking eyes.
"I will be."

Chapter 67: Transcendence
Eric stuffed his face with pizza and wondered how Zarah was doing. He sent Zip to find her after she ate her fill. Zip dashed silently throughout the halls despite her bloated stomach. Those she passed thought a gust of wind had struck them. Not many were awake. It was late. Zip was about to give up on finding her when she felt a familiar sinking feeling. She shuddered.
Tezca. 
She thought about getting Eric, but she had to see what was going on. She ran faster, following the negativity. She smelled her stench and knew she was close. Her body shivered involuntarily as fear swept over her. She heard muffled cries. 
Zarah stood over her dad's bed, smothering him with a pillow. Zip froze. She didn't know what to do. Shadow covered Zarah. Tentacles wavered around her like sea anemone. Four were wound around her arms and legs and constricted when she moved her limbs as if they forcibly pulled her. Zip tried to knock her down and save her father but was slapped aside by a tentacle. Zarah did not even glance at her.
She tried again. Another tentacle caught her and tossed her from the room. The door slammed with a clang. She banged against it several times but could not get through. 
"Don't stop. Finish him!" Zarah said in a voice that was not her own. "Perhaps later then."
The groans stopped, and the door opened.
"Froggy," Zarah called and kissed the air. "Come out."
Zip retreated toward Eric's cell and left a whistling wind in her wake. Eric felt her coming and then heard the sound. Sleep fell from his eyes and mind. He could feel something was deathly wrong.
He opened the door for her and she came in, a rush of air knocked him over. 
"Zarah is possessed Eric! Tezca is here!"
"We have to get Rose and sound an alarm," Eric said. "Try to make me faster girl, you know how you can make me invisible? Try to do it like that."
Eric felt his body tingle and numb, then his hair stood on end like he was statically charged. His head throbbed, and for a moment he thought he would hurl. He collapsed.
"Let's go Eric!" he heard Zip plead. Her voice sounded faint and wavered.
Warmth came back into his body, and he stood.
He struggled to find her, and she was off when their eyes met. He ran too: long rapid strides. As he built up speed his throbbing stopped. He could follow Zip's movements easily. He grinned and dashed after her. All of a sudden, she stopped. He tried to, but instead tumbled past her. She grew and wrapped her tongue around him, pulling him back before he bounced too far away.
"We need to creep up quietly," she said. "She's there. You're bleeding, hold on."
"We don't have time!" Eric yelled.
He rounded the corner and saw Zarah. Her head was cocked to one side. Black mucus dribbled from her half open mouth. She had sprouted wings that dripped with tar black goo. Her arms and legs had suckers on them, and a multitude of wriggling mini-tentacles had replaced her hands and feet. There were so many that Eric lost count. She wobbled back and forth like she was drunk. 
"Where is she..." she whispered and crept ever closer with her slimy spindles. She stretched her arms out and tentacles extended from her, grasping for him. 
The concrete wall nearest to Zarah exploded. Eric fell on his back and looked up to see Rose walk out of the hole in the wall, hands outstretched, her face resolute.
She threw her hands up and the thick, heavy hardwood floor boards came up with hunks of mud and rock beneath it. With a push in the air it covered the concrete, pinning Zarah.
"You, you killed her!" Eric yelled. 
Rose half glanced at him and instinctively raised an arm in defense.
"If we stay here long enough you'll see just how wrong you are. Let's go!" 
She closed her eyes and controlled an unseen force that levitated her from the ground and propelled her forward at sound breaking velocity.
Eric and Zip struggled to keep up with her. Eric heard a screech from behind them. Shadow that blotted out shadow gained on them. 
"It's coming Rose!"
"I feel it child. Try to keep up."
They came to a massive ceremonial room. When Zip and Eric arrived Rose was atop a mound at its center performing a rite. She sang and danced. Her body glowed with a light that seemed to emit lethargically making her timber for a slow burning, blinding white flame. Eric and Zip felt a cold wash over them and then all went dark. A second later a yell sounded, and an explosion followed that caused Eric and Zip to stumble. Light filled the darkness.
They saw Zarah on the ground and Rose standing above her, breathing heavily.
"Don't just stand there. Help me! We have to dislodge it from her!"
"But I can't hurt her..." Eric said.
"If we don't she will kill us all and will be killed herself. Meld, Eric and fight!"
Eric looked at Zip.
"It's the only way," she said and closed her eyes.
Eric sighed and closed his.
Energy streaked between them and they were pulled toward one another. Their connection blinded Rose and the thunder clap could be heard throughout the complex.
While you fight use your love for Zarah to focus you, Eric. It will be hard, but this is to save her. We must drive Tezca out!
Eric opened his new eyes and jumped high in the air, pulling a clawed fist back to strike. He thought about how much he cared for her, about how much he wanted to save her. He heard a caw from where she lay and then darkness stretched for him. It became a large bird, like a massive condor: at least twenty feet beak to tail and its wingspan extended twice its length. Every flap of its wings vibrated the air and echoed and flung liquid darkness from its feathers.
He camouflaged himself, but still, it came for him. He realized it could see him right before its talons grabbed him. His skin hardened into shell as tentacles protruded from the bird, looking like noodles, then anemone and then full size tentacles with razor points on their tips.
The bird held him aloft while he struggled to free himself. The tentacles jabbed at his shell with their tips. He was forced to cover his head, but aches all over his body turned to pricks and grew more painful with every jab. 
He grabbed its talons and swung until his webbed feet touched the bird's underbelly. He kicked off it and stuck his long tongue out, letting it stick to the wall in front of him, pulling himself away before it could grab him. 
Eric, just keep it distracted. I am making progress, Rose's voice echoed in his head.
When he reached the wall he ran on it and did not look back. He focused on gaining speed and maintaining his balance on the wall. The bird tried to catch him, but Eric was too agile. From afar he looked like a green and red streak orbiting the room. When the bird tried to predict where he was headed he changed direction, running from the floor to the apex of the domed ceiling and along the walls. 
He smiled and stole a glance. 
The bird had given up and flew back to Zarah and Rose, who struggled to fight her off. 
Zarah flipped and twisted through the air as if she were boneless, dodging ribbons of light that Rose fired from her hands. Rose tried to keep her at a distance, but as she evaded the exhausted priestess's blasts, Zarah edged closer and closer.
The bird swooped upon her, using her blind spot and fatigue to its advantage.
Eric dashed at it and whipped his tongue out, feeling pinpricks as barbs popped from it. 
It wrapped around the bird's neck, and he jerked its trajectory off, causing it to crash next to Rose. She looked away and Zarah closed in, struck her squarely on the abdomen and while she was stunned, wrapped her in a multitude of tentacles that oozed from her pores before solidifying. 
Eric dashed at her and sent her flailing away with a kick before she saw him coming. Her bird became liquid shadow, seeped into the floor and blanketed the wall before Zarah collided with it: splashing into it as if it were a pool of water.
Eric.
Rose's voice wavered.
I need you to focus. Always believe in yourself, even at the darkest moments. I don't know if I will survive this.
Of course you will!
He went blind.
Strong small hands closed around his throat, and though he had hardened his shell, he felt cold seeping beneath it, wrapping itself around his neck. 
She's pulling me away Eric...
Burning, stinging pain enveloped him like he had been instantly skinned, then freezing cold suffocated him. He could not breathe, and he could not feel Zip. 
I'm so sorry Eric. Please forgive me.
He could not answer her. His consciousness wavered, and then all at once energy flooded him. The darkness leapt off him as if he were searing hot. 
It formed into Zarah. 
She cocked her head back and forth, eying him curiously. He felt stronger by the second though Zip was not part of him. He could hear things differently and sense differently, like his fingers were brushing over everything around him at once. Rose was gone and in her place was a smoking, charred crater in the floor.
Anger overtook him.
The ground trembled. 
Zarah let out a scream. He stopped and watched as her skin turned black. It ripped apart and ooze came out of it reforming into a monster that towered over Eric when it stretched up. It had many long wiry arms with pinchers that clacked together constantly. It's body stretched behind it like a serpent's and it had a scaled underbelly that covered its large set of breasts. Tentacles flowed down its head and back like hair. Her face looked like Zarah's, but when she opened her mouth the maw extended well past the black smirking lips.
"Free at long last!" she cried out. Then she screamed in frustration. "No, not yet. But close."
Black, goo covered wings sprouted from her, and she flew towards Eric, spraying the air with black droplets with every flap. Eric was unafraid. All he felt was hatred for Tezca and love for Zarah. He was going to save her. He ran to meet her, crashed through sound barriers and through Tezca. 
He was from the floor to the ceiling in a blink and stopped when he saw she was splayed everywhere. Black ooze covered the whole room. Zarah lay at it's center. He fell down to her. She wasn't breathing. 
"Zip!"
She did not come.
He cried. He had lost them both.
Zarah coughed. Her eyes fluttered open and then she shielded them. She tried to get away from him.
"Zarah. It's okay. I'm so glad you're okay.
"Eric? I can't see. All I see is light."
The ooze seeped into her mouth and over her body.
"No!"
Eric waved a hand, and he sloughed it off without touching it though he felt as if he had splashed his hands in freezing water. 
A wave of ooze came to claim him, and then it divided instead of crashing into him. He noticed it was receding from where he stood. 
It didn't want to be near him.
Eric closed his eyes. He thought about how much he loved Zarah, Rose, his Mom and even his Dad. He thought about Zip. Tears dripped from his eyes. He blinked brightly like a star as he focused, and he wrapped his arms around himself, pulling every drop of Tezca towards him. 
He felt her enter his every pore. Frigidity filled him, numbed him, and then he felt something: Tezca trying to escape him. She scalded his insides, but still, he fought against her.
Zarah shielded her eyes when she came to and knew the bright light was Eric. Then ooze flew towards him, some stretched out to try to touch Zarah, and though it tried to cling to her, it was inevitably pulled away. 
Seconds later the room was devoid of every drop of Tezca.
Eric stumbled and fell into the dirt. He felt weak and dizzy. It sounded like he was underwater. His eyelids felt heavy, and he could not muster the strength to move. Something wriggled under his skin. He managed a smile. He had her. He had done it.
The movement decreased from trembling to a slow thump as if he had grown a second heart, and then vanished altogether.
"You're mine now," Eric said. "Always and forever." 

Chapter 68: Believe
Zarah wondered about Eric and about Rose she could only remember light and then ooze filling the air. Before that, her dad and pizza.
Dad.
His baby face twisted in terror flashed in her mind, and she heard his scream and felt her hands snuff it out at his neck. He gagged.
"No..." she cried. "This isn't real. It can't be real."
She tried to open her door but it was locked. She tried to call her lailia to her but felt an emptiness where it should have been. She banged on the door and wailed. 
"Dad!"
"Zarah..." 
"You're alive!?"
"Yeah... I'm okay. Everything's okay baby. I'm just over here resting."
Zarah banged on her door.
"Let me out! I want to see my father!"
She yelled until her voice was but a whisper and then sat on her bed. Where was Rose? Eric? Her lailia? What had happened?

**

Eric opened his eyes. Slowly the battle came back to him. If he was alive he had succeeded. Then voices filled his head. He tried to take a deep breath to calm himself but could not.
"Shut up! Shut up!"
He bludgeoned his own face, and his hands felt wet. He thought he had broken his nose. He looked down at his hands expecting them to be soaked in red but saw black dripping from them instead. 
He took a deep breath, closed his eyes and remembered why he was there: love.
"I believe in myself," Eric said. 
The ooze leapt from the ground as if dripping in reverse and Eric's skin absorbed it like a sponge, leaving no trace.
"I believe in myself," he whispered.

Chapter 69: Wake
A week later, Eric and Zarah stood hand in hand at the funeral home where her mother and grandmother's scheduled wake was being held. Five minutes remained until closing. Zarah had not worked up the nerve to go in and see her mother yet. Every time she opened the door she would burst into tears. She almost hadn't come in the first place. Her father couldn't. He couldn't bear to see her body, not yet. 
Eric tried to console her the best he could, but understood her pain. He missed his mom too. He would have done anything to have her and his dad back together. He held her close and cried too. 
Then, he felt something. 
"Zarah, stay here."
He went into the funeral home and walked up to the coffin. A picture of Rose was on a table in a small mock pond of pink lilies. 
He bowed his head out of respect before turning to Zarah's mother's coffin.
"I feel you in there. Time to join the rest of yourself. Time to come home."
He put a palm on Jet's cold, pale forehead. Black ooze came out of her nose, eyes, ears and mouth and ran up Eric's arm. He grudgingly accepted the rest of Tezca into his mouth. She was cold going down. He felt like he could hurl. 
He fell to his knees. Something felt different. With all of Tezca absorbed he felt powerful and confident. No, it was more than that. Anything was possible now. He didn't know how, but he felt it inside, like suddenly he had been given the power of a god: omnipotence. He placed his hand on Jet again and closed his eyes.
"Zarah needs you. Come back. Come back to us."
Color returned to her face, and her eyes cleared. 
She inhaled deeply like she had never breathed before and shot up, visibly shaken, completely flabbergasted but very much alive. 
