THE MORTAL FRINGE

BY

J. Ribolleda
Published by Jordi Ribolleda at Smashwords
Copyright 2014 Jordi Ribolleda
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43

CHAPTER 1
I am standing completely alone on a plane, and everything is black & white. The buzzing sound of the engines penetrates my head as a gimlet, and a dense fog begins to take control of the whole cabin, and I freeze as it approaches me.
Fire cracking all around me but there is nothing I can see: nothing but a sudden blinding light far away from here, turning the pale mist into a gory sea.
Before the thick fog reaches me, the plane shakes and falls into the ocean. I run to the tail looking for a getaway, but something falls from the upper cabinets and hits me really hard. I lose my balance and I fall to the floor, hitting my head with one of the seats. As the plane goes down, I start to hit every corner of the cabin. I fall into the mist, and the roaring plane hits the tides.
The windows break, the emergency doors open and then everything start to flood. I can't remember how to swim, I can't even move, or think. I feel the water going up, first covering my legs, then my chest, then my head.
In the loneliness of the flooded plane, I start seeing shadows. Dead souls summoned around me to take me with them, take me wherever they come from.
I still see the purple light in front of me and through the shadows, and I can tell there's someone staring at me with eyes of flashing green light. I close my own slowly and the water fills my lungs, I'm drowning. And once more, before the green light I'm dying.
The sudden shake makes me fell off my seat. Drops of sweat are going down my forehead, my dizzy eyes feel numb. I can barely breathe. I fight against myself to open my eyes wide enough to see the air hostess walking towards me with a glass of water.
"It was just turbulence, there's no need to worry".
I take the glass it carefully enough not to spill it, but before I can bring it to my mouth I realize that we are not flying over the ocean anymore. I have been sleeping for over six hours.
I knew this was going to happen again, as it has been happening for the last going months. I have lost count of how many times I've seen the bright light at the end of the tunnel. I see it every day, every night, whenever I close my eyes. But it isn't quite the feeling I expected. Instead of warm pure light, I only see deathly cold green sorrow. And every night I die once more, until I wake up again.
It has taken me a long time to get used to waking up almost screaming, with my sweaty body aching of pain and hesitation. I never know if it was just a dream until I calm down a little. That's never easy.  
Being in here doesn't help either, it's like being stuck inside a car, trapped without being able to get out. Trapped, that's pretty much how I could summarize my last year. I have been trapped within myself. Everywhere I go confines me to some unknown spot I didn't know existed in my wrecked mind.
I am only glad no one has been near me long enough to see the mess I've become lately. My reservations about the matter have, in part, helped me make this decision. I never thought about leaving my country, not even for a short vacation, but this past year has changed everything and now I just can't bare the sight of my house anymore.
It's curious how guilt changes us; I remember how I used to be and how I turned out. Not even those who I considered my closest friends stuck with me when I needed them, only Richard was there. Once I called him Dick, it seemed friendly and familiar, but all that is now gone, and so am I.
Landing is twenty minutes away according to the flat screen in front of me; I can't wait to get out of here. I don't even want to look around the cabin; it would bring back the dream. Just thinking about it makes me numb again.
I need a distraction, my head is spinning and even if it is for what just happened or because I am stuck I know there's only one possible outcome, and I don't want to have a breakdown in here, not in front of so many helpless people.
I drag my bag from under my seat and go through it breathing smoothly, I need to keep calm. I must have made a bad move when I woke up, my arm hurts and I can barely feel it. I open the back and look for anything that might be helpful right now. I know there's a book in here, I put it in right before leaving. I even remember the green cover. There's many things I don't recall packing, and I can't find any of my stuff so I am quite sure mom went through the bag without my permission.
Finally I get to the book, The Reader. I read about it somewhere, and they praised the dangerous liaison between the main characters, which I guess I could relate to the relation I've had with myself for the last months. The book was hidden under countless packs of strips and stuff my dear mother probably took from the first aid kid. There are even family pictures, one of which used to be in our dining room up until this morning; me, her, and David. It's curious how many people have been impressed by our likelihood and not realized we are actually twins.
The picture draws an involuntary smile on my face. But I left, and nothing is and will ever be like in this picture. That smile on my mother's face? What I will remember is the sobbing of earlier today when I reluctantly got in Richard's car to go to the airport. I couldn't even let her drive me. It was enough just to get back in one of those things.
 It will take a long time to make peace with everything, I knew it before leaving and it is getting clearer and clearer as I put more distance between home and the unknown. Leaving will be good though, it must be.
The hostess comes back to get the glass of water as we are about to land and the trays need to be cleared. I try to hand her the glass myself but when I move my arm a terrible pinch keeps me from doing it. I feel an instant drop of sweat down my neck and through my back. I try to hide the pain and hand the woman the glass as smoothly as I can.
"Can I still use the bathroom?"
"Sir we are about to land, you should fasten your seat belt, sorry", she smiles at me as if all she was saying was pure mimic and repetition.
Ten minutes later I am on the ground and getting off the plane, doing my best to avoid contact with anyone that could accidentally touch my arm. This has certainly been a hell of a ride, as David would say. I haven't recovered from that dream yet, it's always like that; loneliness, pain, and death. But this time it was a little different, I was really convinced I was drowning and that the plane was going down. This time, it felt real.
I spend the next half an hour going through the controls and waiting for my luggage, doing my best to pull myself together and hold my nerves.
Welcome to Barcelona" someone near the luggage reclaim railing keeps saying that to anyone who walks nearby. I'd rather I arrived in better condition.
When I am finally out of the terminal I look for a bathroom and sneak in.
My body is shaking; the pain seems to be going away although I have a bad feeling about it. I know the best thing to do is breathe, but I hardly can. I try to take off my jacket but I can't avoid a painful scream before doing so.  I raise the sleeve of my jumper, and there is a huge bruise in the exact same spot that the thing from the dream hit me.
I look at the mirror and I am nothing but a living dead, pale and lifeless as fear and hate.
CHAPTER 2
That has never happened before
	I try to focus, but my eyes keep going back to the dark bruise on my arm. How on earth did that happen? Am I imagining things now? I need to relax. I sit on the toilet and place my head between my legs as I usually do when I have one of this episodes. My whole body is shaking and I can feel the sweat coming down my neck, I am getting cold. I try to breathe slowly, it takes me a while but I can finally manage to get on my feet again. I wash my hands afterwards and when I check my arm again the bruise is gone, thank god, it probably wasn't even there in the first place. 
	When I leave the bathroom I notice some payphones on my right, I have to call home. I'll do it once I'm settled in, I have already lost too much time. 
	Since I have no idea of where I'm going, I follow everyone in the terminal. I only asked someone about the train station and the answer was a strange look and a helpless gasp, maybe that's usual here when people meet English speakers. My Spanish is not something to be proud of. After some long walk I manage to get into the train, not because anyone helped me. I find a sit close to the door. There's some hideous beep and the train starts to move. I'm really here, hasn't sunk in yet. 
	My bag is full of stuff I didn't use during the flight, even my headphones, but thank God they are here, there's a baby in front of me that doesn't seem to be able to stop crying. I put them on, turn on my iPod and listen to whatever pops in, Adele.  I am constantly looking through the window, everyone must think that I have not seen a city in my entire life, but I really don't care. 
	Fifteen minutes later and I'm getting off the train. My map is in my hand and my headphones are in my pocket. Passeig de gracia looks like Fifth avenue, only smaller and without that many people walking like crazy. My residence should be around here. I go near someone who looks my age and very politely, and trying not to stutter or shake too much, ask her if she'd be so nice to show me where the hell I am.
	"Oh, you are close" thank God, she speaks something similar to English. 
After some minutes of indications I finally get there. It looks nice, there are some people with suitcases waiting to go in, so I'm guessing that I am in the right place. I make my way inside and walk straight to the check-in desk, where a lovely woman looks at me in a very strange way, holding up a pen and raising one of her eyebrows. 
	"Hello, I'm Alex Stills"
	The lady speaks only Spanish, I'm not at all surprised, but she did understand me. With many gestures and funny voices, and for some reason very loudly, I know that my room is 205, in the second floor. She also tells me that my roommate is already there. I wish I could have had a blank moment once I settled, but it will be a good thing to meet someone straight away, I guess. The elevator is right next to the check-in desk so I push the button and wait for it. The key to the room in which I will live for the next six months is in my hand, and I feel like my life is about to start all over again. I can't deny it, I am excited and what happened during the flight is nothing but a distant memory now. 
	It takes me about 5 minutes to get to my room, I open the door and indeed my roommate is in. He has already decorated half of the room with movie posters, most of them science fiction which I have to admit I haven't watched. 
	"Hey there" for his accent, he is an American, but there's a British hint in the way he talks. After flying across the world, I would have picked a different roommate, it's like I haven't left.
	"Good morning, I'm Alex." I say shyly, as always.
	"Jay" he shakes my hand "I picked this side of the room but if you prefer it I can move all this, I really don't care."
	For some reason he picked the half of the room that has no window and looks dark and solitary. 
	"Oh no, it's fine. I like daylight, thank you."
	I settle myself in, all my clothes are in the wardrobe and my books are on the shelf next to my bed. My laptop is on my desk, and I already feel like home. I switch my phone on; I have four lost calls and countless messages. I can't avoid smiling.
	"Already missing you back home, huh?" I don't think I am ready for that much level of confidence yet.
	I smile politely, not knowing what or how to answer. I pick up the cell phone and call home. The first thing I hear are sobs, then a somewhat controlled enthusiastic scream, and finally mom's voice. "Hey there".
	"Thank god Alex! How was the flight? How do you like the city?" she keeps going on and on, asking thinks to which I can hardly answer. Finally, she takes a break and I can talk.
	"Mom, take it easy, everything's fine. I slept all the way through the flight and I just got here, I really don't know how I do like the city yet, I guess I'll need some time for that."
	"Oh darling, of course! You sound so happy, I really like that." 
	"Yeah" I say, starting to feel bad, remembering.
	"I'm really proud of you Alex, be nice will you? Don't forget about your mother!" I like how she hides her sadness with jokes.
	"Thanks mom, I won't, talk to you later. Love you, bye", and she is gone again.
	I lie on my back, my phone is still on my hand and all I can hear is Jay moving some of his stuff up and down the room.
	"So, where are you from?"
	"Bay shore", how on earth does he do it? I need months to start talking to someone I don't know. I guess that I am the strange one, it's just a simple question, everyone should be able to do that. Everyone but me.
	"That's great, I'm from New York. But I moved to London some years ago to live with my sister."
	"Lucky you, that sounds nice" I lie, I never liked New York, and this is the first time I am away from home, so I know nothing of the world other than what I've seen in postcards. I would ask something about him moving without his parents, he seems barely older than me. Nothing about him tells me so, but he must come from a wealthy family.
	"So, what brings you here?"
	I pretend I have not heard him, but he asks again, so even though I'd rather stop the talking right now, I answer.
	"I'm here for the semester, doing classic studies, you know: Greek, Latin, all that."
	"No way! I'm taking some of those classes too!" «No way! » that's exactly my first thought. 
	I don't know if Jay is talking to me again, because I have my headphones on and the music is loud enough to avoid hearing my own thoughts. He looks like a nice and cool guy, but today I really need to arrange everything that's on my mind. Tomorrow I'll be more willing to talk to him, or that's what I promise to myself. At least I already know someone in the city. Making friends has never been my thing, that's why I left just one back home.
	I pick up my phone again, I look for Richard's number and I send him a text. 
	I'm here, it looks really cool, drive safe. Alex.
	He drove me to the airport, it would have been hard for anyone in my family to do so, and he offered to do it himself. It was a long, silent ride, something felt like broken between us.
	I wake up in the middle of the night, I've had the same dream again, not the one from the plane, but the one that has been haunting me for the last moths. I only remember that I die by the end of it. I hate this feeling. 
	I get off my bed slowly, I don't want to wake Jay. After drinking some water and staring into the wall for a short while I'm back on my bed. I check the time and I still have a couple of hours before I have to get up. I have a new message.
	Good.
	That must be the easiest message to analyze ever. Anyway, Richard has always been one of a kind, I'm not surprised, but I am not going to feel guilty for being here and doing what I have wanted to do for so long. Last year did not stop me, nor will he.
	I can't sleep, I am terrified of it. I spend the next three hours awake and when the alarm goes off I am already off the bed. I walk to the bathroom and when I take off my clothes y see another mark on my chest, as if something had hit me very hard and broke some of my ribs. This time though, I have not even dreamed. It doesn't hurt, but the simple sight of it makes me shake again.


CHAPTER 3
I can't believe this is the university. This building looks like a monastery! Everything looks ancient, like a keeper of time. That's what I call architecture. As I enter the building I go straight to the panel in front of me, my first class is in room 113, and I obviously have no Idea of where it is. I wish they would sent the students a map of the place or something like that. Finally, I find it. As I go inside I am literally speechless, it's like a cloisters, there is a huge corridor around it and the classes are along the way. I find room 113, which looks like the classrooms I am used to see on TV. Stairs like rooms. I sit on the front row, the class is supposed to be in English but I won't risk it, if it is in Spanish I need to catch every single word of it. 
	As everyone begins to enter the class I feel their fingers pointing at me, like if I had the word stranger written on my face. Finally, a small, thin red headed woman with some streaks of white and orange comes into the room and puts all her stuff in the teacher's table. That's going to be interesting. She looks at me and smiles, two seconds later, she is already talking.
	"My name is Constance Adkins", and she is a native speaker "I'll be your teacher for this course of Ancient Mythology, but don't worry, we are going to talk about much more. I'm a literature lover so we'll talk about books, movies, anything you want”, she says in a mysterious voice.  "So, why don't we start right away, let's see", she takes a quick look to the students list "is Ingrid here? oh yes you are, great. Ingrid, tell me, what are you currently reading"
	"To Kill a Mockingbird" The soft and tender voice comes from my behind.
	"No, but seriously, you don't need to impress me. Come on, you wouldn't read that book ever in your life, would you? What is it? How to dye your hair at home, or something like that? Come on, be honest". Ok, that was quite something. "Who has read those books by G.R.R. Martin?” I know I shouldn't , but I raise my hand slowly. "What's your name young man?"
	"A…." I clear my throat "Alex Stills."
	She opens her eyes widely enough to scare me when I say my name.
	"And have you finished reading the last one? I'm half way through it, don't you love it?"
	I nod, being so shy to speak again. 
	"That's great, that's great. You see, Ingrid? Honesty.  One of the things I value most", and the strange look she gives me when saying that scares me.
	The girl, Ingrid, packs her stuff in her bag, which she had just placed on the floor, and leaves. She gives the teacher a rude smile as she walks past her. She surely is not one to mess with. Ms. Adkins looks at her and smiles, as if she also valued the courage Ingrid just showed.
	There's a knock on the door, and after Ms. Adkins gives her approval, it opens. Shit, no. Jay comes in dressed as if he was in Hawaii, he sees me in the front row.
	"Hello, flat mate!"
	I want to die. He sits right next to me.  Constance smiles and goes on with the class. I look at Jay, he is taking a notebook from his bag. Deep inside, I'm glad I know someone in the class.
	"So, as I was telling you. This is ancient mythology. Now, who wants to enlighten us all and tell us something about it?" She waits for an answer that does not come. "No? Well, you won't be shy in a couple of weeks", for some reason I think that the reference is intended for me. "We are not going to study the myths but what lies behind them, why where they created? By whom? When? How much of what we know is truth? How much isn't? It's hard to know, right?"
	By that point, I know that I will love that class. 
	"One step back, that's it. We are going to focus on one step back of Mythology. You'd be surprised."
	The hour goes on, I feel like I am the only one in the room paying some attention to what the teacher is saying. There is a buzz in the back rows that has been going on for half an hour and somehow I know that the topic of discussion is the rather funny hairstyle of Ms. Adkins. By the end of the class, I have filled up a couple of pages on my notebook, and before I stand up with the rest of the class, Ms. Adkins writes something on the board. «Hand in Essay, Tuesday November 13th».
	"I'll give you all a topic for the essay next week. That's all."
	She packs all her stuff and she is out of class in less than a second. Before I walk out the door Jay comes straight to me. I think that living with this strange guy is going to be quite an adventure.
	"What class are you going?"
	I check my calendar, I have all the classes written down because I don't want to be late. My next class is Latin. I could have taken a quick look on the map when I had the chance, I don't know how to get there. I feel really uncomfortable talking to people I have just met, but I guess this is the right moment to work on that.
	"I have no idea. This place is a great mess" I say it as a joke, but it doesn't seem to work. Jay picks my timetable and points straight to the room right in front of me. Great.
	"What are your plans for lunch? We could meet up in the bar and make the proper introductions, after all, we are condemned to live together". Luckily, I can tell he is joking. Alright Alex, time to make some friends.
	"Yeah, right", that didn't sound very enthusiastic. "See you there after class"
	"Don’t get lost" he jokes as he leaves.
	I get in the room, pick a sit near the teacher's table and wait for the next class to begin. As happened before, people begin to enter only after the clock has reached the exact hour in which the class is set to start. 
	And among all those new faces, I see her.
	Her chestnut hair drops beautifully onto her shoulders and cover part of her face. I can't see her eyes but I know they are green, it's like they shed some strange light that I am the only one who is able to see. She walks past me and doesn't even notice me. I am completely invisible. 
	This class is hell, the most boring thing I have ever been taught, and the teacher is not particularly good either. The class is in Spanish and even though I can get most of it, my mind is focusing on something else, or someone, sitting four seats away. 	
	Those eyes have cast a spell upon me. The moment the class ends I stand up and leave the room, I don't feel very well. I need to breathe. This is one of those moments you see in films and think «come on, how on earth can that happen» well, I guess I have just figured it out.
	I manage to get to the bar without losing myself more than twice. Jay is already waiting for me. I reach the table and put my stuff on the floor. My head is between my arms and after a minute of silence I realize that I am not at home, nor alone. Jay is giving me quite a strange look and I try to cloak that action. 
	We have a quick meal, he keeps talking and talking. In less than an hour I already know more about him than I know about Richard, and I have known Richard for years. Jay comes from a rather wealthy family in New York, his father is an established thriller writer who sells about two million books per year, and his mum used to be a doctor up until she decided that she wanted some time for herself. He loves movies, even though I have known that from the moment I walked into our room. I would like to tell him about myself but I simple can't, I hate being like this, but there is nothing to do about it. 	
	All I manage to tell him is that I live with my mother and grandfather in a normal house away from civilization. 
	"How come you ended up here?" that's a good question.
	"I decided that I wanted to move out for a semester some months ago, so I saved as much as I could, and with that and the money that I got from my mother I paid for it, and here I am". I keep the real reason to myself, although thinking about it is as painful as talking about it.
	The talking goes on for another half an hour, I'm getting more comfortable as time goes by, but suddenly, those green eyes are in my mind again and I can't remember how to talk or even think, and all I fear is that those eyes might my the cause of my dying dreams, for I'm quite sure I have seen them before
CHAPTER 4
	It's been a week already, and I have seen the girl with the green eyes over and over, ending up shivering every time she walks near me. Life away from home seems to be what I desired; life away from self-punishment, although I still have my moments. I haven't told Jay about her, but I am managing to be more open than I used to be and we are becoming, I hope, friends.
	It's ancient mythology again. Jay is sitting right next to me, and the girls in the back keep talking as they have been doing in every class. Ms. Adkins writes something on the board pretending not to notice about the talking, and when she is done she waits for us to read what she has written. You can either be a real God, or make up a story about you that will live forever. 
	"What do I mean by that?" she asks with a hopeful smile on her face.
	No one dares to speak. Every time she asks something, whoever answers is publically humiliated.  Since I do believe that I know what she means, I raise my hand slowly. As mom used to say, the only way to beat what you fear, is facing it.
	"Mr. Stills, right?" I nod "let's hear it."
	"Well, I think that what you mean is that you can choose between being just a human being, or make yourself immortal", as soon as I say it I want to take it back, but it's done.
	"Make yourself immortal", she whispers while nodding with her finger on her lips "I like the expression. You got it almost right, Mr. Stills. What it means is that back in the time, some people chose to hide their true nature so they would become rulers of the world. And how do you do that? You become immortal, you call yourself Zeus, or Ares, and you live forever." 
	"So, what you mean is that someone came up with the great Greek Gods because they wanted to be remembered?", the voice comes from the back of the room, and surprisingly enough, it's one of the girls who can't seem to shut up during the class. The girl sitting behind me, Ingrid, gasps hopelessly, she is not particularly fond of this class.
	"What's your name darling?"
	"Maria"
	"Well, Maria. That's exactly what I mean. Yes. And that's how the class is going to be, we are going to trace the origins of every single myth, the reason for the creation, and how they have evolved up until today. "
	It sounds interesting, at least we won’t have to learn every single myth word by word, which used to happen back home.
	"I have written down some topics for the essays, they are in small papers in this box I have here. I will walk around and everyone will pick one, and that will be the topic for your essay. "
	Ms. Adkins picks the box up and shakes it so that we can hear the movement of the pieces of paper inside. I have to wait for five minutes to get my own. I pick one randomly: Theseus. I would have enjoyed something else better, but I write it down on my agenda, and rapidly begin to brainstorm on the topic. When Ms. Adkins reaches her desk again, she looks inside the box.
	"Oh, I wrote too many", she opens one up randomly and smiles. She keeps it in her hand and continues with the class. She has started to put into question the very first myth of Greek mythology: chaos.
	Ms. Adkins walks around the class, she does not stop talking and her enthusiasm fills me up like I have never felt in a class before. She comes near me and stands in front of my desk, and puts her hands over my notebook. The talking goes on for a couple of minutes and when she goes back to her table, she smiles at me and winks her eye. I look down, and where her hands had been some seconds earlier, there is a piece of paper just like the one I have taken out from the box. I open it carefully, she has left it there on purpose. I read what it's written on it: Immortals.
	I am getting all my things together when I notice that Ms. Adkins is pointing at me. I doubt for a second and when everything is in my bag I walk towards her.
	"About the piece of paper..."
	"I felt that it would be more interesting than Theseus. Listen, I have a proposal for you. I have been busy this past weeks and I would need an assistant in my office for some time. Getting everything in its proper place, no more than that. If you'd be so kind to consider it, I would grant 10% of your final mark, as an in class task. "
	I take a couple of seconds to think about it. I have nothing to do after the next class, which means that I have a couple of free hours. I accept the offer gratefully.
	"I'll see you in my office after your class then" and she leaves.
I walk out of the room, Jay is waiting for me, with his back against the wall. 
	"Meet you for lunch today?"
	"I can't make it, Ms. Adkins asked for my help."
	"Well done dude, if only she were younger."
	"Shut up!", and that's the first time I joke around with him unexpectedly. 
	"Oh Alex! I forgot!" he grabs my arm. "I bought two tickets for a Star Wars thing next week, but something came up and I can't go. Do you want them? Please, I can't give them back."
	I don't know what to say, but I end up nodding and accepting his offer.
	The next class is, as always, as boring as it can be, and I am trying my best not to look at the girl with the green eyes. I've been trying to avoid her, she makes me strangely uncomfortable. I have never felt like this before.
	When the class is over, it takes me about fifteen minutes to get to Ms. Adkins office, and she is already waiting for me.  The place is quite a mess, I suddenly regret having accepted the offer, and 10% is not worth it. 
	"You need to tidy this up, my other assistant will help you, and she is from Sussex. Really nice girl. Elizabeth, darling where are you?"
	"Here" she says, and then she appears from behind a pile of books. That's her, now I regret being here even more. She is ridiculously beautiful. And her haunting green eyes are fixed on mine for the very first time. 
	"This is Alex, he will help you out. I recruited him from my previous class, he is American." was my accent that showy? "My all-time first American." 
	I have a bad feeling when I hear my teacher's last statement. 
	"Cheer up. I meant that I had never taken in an American student as an assistant before."  And without saying anything else, she leaves.
	I stand still for a couple of seconds until she gives me some old essays and papers that need to be archived. 
	"So, from Sussex" I try to use Jay's tone of voice to seem friendly. Trying to hide how intimidated I feel.
	"Yes."
	"Never been there."
	Not even a glimpse of interest. I try to go on putting to practice everything that I've learned with Jay these days.
	"I'm Alex, nice meeting you" living with Jay is working out for me, I would have never been able to do that. "We go to the same Latin class."
	"I know" she says, with voice as cold as ice.
	Good, do not bother her. 
	I go on organizing everything in boxes or filing cabinets and all of a sudden, it hits me: How on earth did Ms. Adkins know that I had taken Theseus from the box?

CHAPTER 5
It's been days of hard word, I hardly have time for anything else but to prepare my subjects the moment I get to my room. I have to decline Jay's constant attempts to get me out of here, he loves partying and for some reason he can't understand how on earth I am not like him.
	The best days in the week are the ones I get to spend those silent hours with Elizabeth in Ms. Adkins office. She barely looks at me, but I feel close to her, I feel better with myself when she is around, it's like we know each other from some other place or time. It is madness, but I like to think that. At least it is the most normal thought that my mind has met in a very long time. 
	I hardly know anyone from class. Aside from Jay, and that girl, Ingrid, I haven't had the chance to make any other friends, and I have not tried much either. However, I keep telling everyone back home that this is going perfectly fine, I don't want them to worry too much. I will be ok, it's just six months and then I will be back. If I don't get to know anyone else, it won't be much of a deal, after all. 
	It's ridiculous the amount of hours I spend with Elizabeth, and I only get to say the inappropriate thing. Our last time in the office I decided that it would be a nice move to tell her about the Star Wars tickets Jay gave me. She did not even bother to give me an answer. At least she smiled.
	People may think of me as the nerd who spends the afternoons at the library, and even thought that is not true, it would appear to be the case these days. Whenever I have some free time I show up in here, I love this library. It reminds me of some magical place, all the books are stored so beautifully that I could stare at them for days. 
	The essay is driving me crazy. It doesn't matter how much I look into the subject, I can't find a single reference to the term Immortals that could be used for it. The only matches are either films or comic books, but none of that is useful.
	 I don't like the idea of it, but I guess I will have to ask someone for help. I go to the front desk in the library and the woman behind it looks at me with a fake smile on her face.  She talks to me as if I was bothering her, and in the end I get nothing out of the conversation. I have nothing to work on.
	Someone leaves a computer free, and before it's too late I go straight to it and look at the library's database. I write down the word I want information about, and even though I get some results, none of them focuses on what I want. But it seems like there is one named “From mortal to Immortal”, with a Greek painting on the cover. It might do.
	"So they do not teach you about properly in the United States?"
	I turn around closely, it's the girl from my mythology class.
	"I'm Sorry?"
	"My computer" she says pointing at the screen. 
	"But it was empty."
	"I needed to go to the bathroom. See? My things are here."
	She is right, I feel so embarrassed that I cannot even move. She smiles at me and sits by my side.
	"I'm Ingrid." 
	I take my hands off the keyboard, but say nothing.
	"I know your name, there's no need for stupid introductions" she punches me on the arm, as a friendly gesture, judging from her face. "So, may I have the computer back?"
	"Yes, sorry. I was just…"
	"Doing the essay, I can see that. Did you find what you were looking for?"
	"I don't know how to get the book."
	She looks at me almost with pity eyes. 
	"I'll show you around."
	I write down the number of the book, as she orders me too and follow her into the bowels of the library. If the library seems to be immense when you enter it, once you cross the door into its skeleton it's overwhelming. This huge place stands as a cemetery of dying books. I am sure most of the volumes in these shelves have not been touched for years. I see masterpieces as I go by, Les Misérables, by Victor Hugo, then I see the complete works of Jane Austen and right next to it, Fitzgerald and Margaret Mitchell, as guardians of the library. 
	After an hour of looking, we finally find the book I'm looking for. 
	"They will validate it on the front desk."
	"Thanks", I say shyly.
	She smiles at me, and punches me again. 
	"Good luck with the essay." 
	I take the book to the front desk, and once everything is sorted, I put it in my bag and leave. 
	When I get home Jay is taking a shower, which gives me about half an hour to work on my essay without his constant comments on my way of living. I lie on my bed and open the volume I just picked up from the library.
	The power of words has kept Immortality a secret that one day will be unfolded to change the world.
									-Barbra Harris.
	Usually quotations come from known authors, but I have never heard of this one. I go on with the book and I am disappointed to discover that it won't help me, after all. It does talk about ancient mythology, but in the most classic way. I know those stories, I don't need a book to write an essay about it. I put the book down, frustrated. 
	Jay comes out of the bathroom.
	"Hey, didn't hear you arrive."
	"I was reading."
	He looks over me and reads the title of the book, which is still on my hand.
	"So you are still with the essay.”
	"I can't find any information."
	"Well, whenever I have to do one of these things I use four words that usually help me."
	I look at him, expecting to hear the words.
	"Google, I summon thee" he jokes, opening his arms as an orchestra conductor.
	I can't avoid laughing. I take the book again and give it another chance, even though I know I won't find much in it, at least I pretend I am doing something useful and that way I can give Jay some time to put some clothes on. Trying to look for information in a place that you know to be useless is perhaps one of the most daring things I've done all week. I don't feel too bad with myself about it, it's just the way it is.
	It's not been a month since I got here, and I must admit to myself how proud I feel to have encountered someone like Jay to help me become someone else, someone like who I used to be.
	Night comes sooner than expected, I wanted this to be a good and productive day of working and I haven't even written a single word down. I can't sleep, I am still scared of what might come after closing my eyes. I try my best to remain awake for as long as I can. But in the end, I fail to do it, and the darkness of dreams takes me.
	A corridor so familiar that I almost call it home. It's wet, full of dark water and thick and deep mud. At the horizon of the endless path, a shadow. Balancing on the slippery trap underneath me, I try to make my way to the other end of the hall. There are broken windows on the walls, some of them are half closed, and the others are just torn apart. As I get closer to the shapeless shadow I start to feel cold. The closer I get to the now shaping figure, the colder the aisle becomes. I am freezing, I can hardly move. I am an inch away from the motionless body in front of me. I rise my hand to touch it, I need to see her face. 
	The grey body starts to turn, and when she is about to face me, I see the face of fear, of horror. A faceless body with only two green orbs staring at me. I fall on my back, scared.
	I am on the wet mud again, the dream of the last few months is back. My back is wet and there's something in my chest that makes it impossible for me to breathe. Slowly, I drown with the rain. I can't move, I can't shout out for help. The only thing I can do is hope for it to finish. I hope I die soon.
	I wake up sweating again, I have not even been sleeping for an hour. Jay is snoring so loudly that it is impossible to relax. I look at my night table, it's about to be three in the morning. The book from the library is right next to the alarm clock and I take it, hoping that a quick look at its useless pages, will push the dream away. When the cover flips over, Jay's four magical words suddenly come back to me.
	I open my computer and Google the quotation's Author. Barbra Harris, and for some reason my fingers shake a little bit as I type the name. 
	There is nothing but one result. 
	Hiding behind myth: Immortals
	

CHAPTER 6
As I walk through the corridors of the university I can't avoid thinking about last night's dream. The windows along the way, all closed now, and the long, almost endless, aisles become part of my own reality. I wish I could avoid thinking about it, or stop relating everything I witness in my dreams to what I see when I'm awake, but everything looks the same, too real to be ignored.
	I walk shyly across the long way connecting the two buildings of the university when she crosses the door at the other end. She is coming towards me, with that freshness that she brings to me. She walks right by my side for a second, and that small lapse of time makes something move inside of me. I only hope I did no put up one of those stupid faces. It would be too embarrassing.
	Before I get to the door I hit someone and I fall down. I look from the floor up, nothing. Then I look to my side and I see Ms. Adkins on the ground. I did not see her coming, at all. I am terrified of what I have just done. I stand up immediately and run towards her. I help her get up, she has a big bruise on her arm, and apparently she hit the pointy end of a bench when she fell down.
	"Oh my God, I am so sorry" I apologize, never having been more embarrassed in my life.
	"Don't worry dear, I'm a tough woman." 
	It seems to be true, the bruise on her arm is hardly bleeding, only a hint of blood shows up, but it is so thick that it certainly seems to be nothing but a healing bruise already. Ms. Adkins smiles back at me and starts walking again. 
	"Just try to focus on where you put your feet, rather than where Ms. Mears does."
	I blush again. She smiles and I feel that she is trying to make me forget about the incident, but I just feel more embarrassed than before. I didn't know that it was so clear from the outside.
	"I wasn't…" I try to deny what she said, but before I can go on with my explanation, my ancient mythology teacher is gone.
	I spend the rest of the afternoon in the library. I want some time for my own after what happened, and if possible, I want total silence, which is something that I will clearly not have back in the residence. I try to do as much work as I can, but my mind floats by, and I end up doing nothing but looking around the place and study every single person that walks in.
	"The Immortal boy shows up!"
	I look up, it's Ingrid.
	"Hi" I say with a hint of my voice.
	"May I sit with you?"
	I take a quick look, all the tables are empty, but mine. I move to a side and make room for the chair she is already holding to fit next to me.	
	"I hate Library afternoons."
	We go on working without saying much to each other. 
	Barcelona at nightfall is part of a dream, it must be. The lights start to go on as I walk back home. I feel surrounded by something greater than nature: the structure of this huge city makes me feel small. It is just different from any other place I have ever been to. 
	There are more suitcases on the front door when I get to the residence. A red headed girl, about my age, is having trouble getting all her luggage in. If this had happened the day I arrived, I would most likely had gone to my room and pretended I had not seen her. Human interaction was, and remains, terrifying for me.
	"Do you need help?" Luckily for both of us, I'm better at this now.
	She looks up at me, her face is red and sweaty and the constant gasping works as a clear answer. I smile at her and take one of the suitcases. She walks right in front of me to guide me to her room. I like her smell, it's different from what young women use to wear, I have never smelled that scent before.
	She takes the elevator and stops in the same floor as I would normally do. We walk for a few meters and she stops at room 201. I laugh, and she does the same when I tell her that my room is right next to hers. 
	"My name is Jessica" she shakes my hand and thanks me for helping her.
	"I'm Alex." 
	She smiles back at me.
	"Nice meeting you, Alex" The sweet voice pronounces my name in a charming way. I must be too tired, everything looks genuinely weird today. 
	Ever since last night's dream, I haven't been quite myself. I still have the vivid image of the faceless body on my mind, and every time I close my eyes I see it.
	I arrive in my room. Jay is on his bed reading something and listening to some music. He puts the book to a side and waves at me.
	"Hey, roommate!"
	"Hello Jay" I leave my bag on the floor and throw myself on the bed. I am really exhausted today. 
	Jay keeps looking at me, it feels awkward.
	"Are you ok buddy?"
	"Just tired" I answer with my face against the pillow, which hardly allows the voice to leave my mouth. "Don't call me buddy, never liked it", I mean it, Richard tried to use that with me and we almost ended up punching each other.
	"Sure" he laughs. 
	It's a long while until he talks to me again, I feel bad for having said that to him but I'd rather do it now than having him call me names for the rest of the semester. After all, I have to live with him and I want a good relation.
	"Damn I forgot!"
	"What?"
	"You got mail. It's on the check-in desk, they could not leave it here, so the receptionist kept it."
	I put on my clothes again and leave the room in less than five minutes. When I walk past Jessica's door I hear the soft melody of a violin. It does not bother me, nor any other person living in this floor. 
	When I get to the front desk the old woman is already holding the package on her hands and pointing it to me. She is smiling, as happy and nice as always. She says something in Spanish, but I can't hear her properly. I am more interested about what I am holding right now. 
	I start ripping of the wrapping paper as I walk back to the room. The book is thicker than what I had anticipated. Jay is waiting for me in the same position I left him, and when I get back he stands up to see what it is that I have on my hands.
	"It's a book I bought for the essay."
	He takes a glimpse of it, and frowns his forehead.
	"Doesn't look to good, if you ask me."
	"Well, it only needs to help me pass the subject."
	I lie on my bed and open it up. I will read a little before going to bed. Just for myself, it usually helps me clear my mind of anything I might be thinking about. That way, I might avoid dreaming. Even if it is just for one night, I would do anything for that.
	Preface:
	A door by three shadows opened,
	By three shadows shall be covered
	Jay murmurs something I can't hear.
	"Sorry, what?"
	"I said, what a waste of money. That sentence is just dull."
	I don't understand.
	"What sentence?" I ask putting the book down for a second.
	Jay looks at me as if he had done something really wrong. His eyebrows rise and then shut together in an expression that he tries to hide. 
	"Dude, the one you just read" He says in the end, bringing so much confusion to me that I simple ignore the remark.
CHAPTER 7
Everything written in the book seems impossible to prove or believe. I have not closed my eyes in the entire night, the reading is as fluent as it can get, and I only want to know more. I remember things very vividly from what I have read so far. I can't hide the emotion it brings to think that such things could indeed be possible. Naively thinking, as a constant dreamer, be it about dreams or nightmares, such possibility enhances the way I understand the world. 
	I turn again to a little paragraph at the very beginning that has been stuck in my mind since the first moment I came by it. There's something in it that triggers my mind, transporting me to a place where everything has a meaning and a reason to be. A place that has nothing to do with the world we live in, or at least the world I have been trapped in for quite a long time. 
	No piece of information, be it big or small, has ever been so well hided through time. What the world knows as legend and myth is basically a euphemism to keep history from the people. It is not coincidence that there have only been so many discoveries from ancient times, for what it's been discovered is only what the Immortals wanted us to find. 
	Every piece of history tells us a story that can change the course of humanity in a matter of seconds. That is why the vast amount of remains that would lead to certain discoveries have been either destroyed by their own creators, or hidden from time. However, there are a few clues that lead to understand reality that proof the existence of beings of different nature in our world. 
	It is indeed a curious matter that after thousands of years we can still remember the names of the so called Greek Gods, or ancient mythology Gods, and hardly memorize the names of the people we share a work shift with, or an office. That, is Immortality, and the creators of Immortality are still living amongst us, watching our evolution into a more specialized species.
	From all topics I could have been given, this is probably the most interesting and by far difficult to discuss. Why would Ms Adkins choose me to work on it, I wonder? I can't take the thought away from my mind that she gave me the piece of paper on purpose.
	As the sun rises again behind the top buildings of Barcelona I get off my bed and get ready for another day of aisle exploring and probably high hoping for another accidental meeting with Elizabeth. I still don't feel sure about myself when it comes to her. I know I am not good enough for anyone, that's the way I've come to feel about myself. Depressing, I know, but after all this time this is the one reality I have chosen to be my own. 
	I read a bit before going inside, not too much, I don't want to be late. There's a tiny summary of each section, which is great if you have no idea of what it is about, which exactly my case is.
	The Immortal nature:
	Beings of almost needless breath and no thirst or hunger, with dense blood through their body.  Every Immortal being shares the same natural features, for they come from the same natural condition: Immortals don't only enjoy the gift of eternal life, but also the ability of mind interpretation, teleportation, and others
	Appearance is highly regarded in the Immortal community and it is quite normal for them to dress in colourful clothes and use strange accessorizes that provide them with a distinctive image, and look, that is distinctive from common mortals. 
	As it has always been pointed out, the eyes are the window to the soul, and in the Immortal world the soul is the most regarded part of the body. The silver soul of an Immortal being is hidden by the intense green light of the eyes. 
	Immortals compose a society of cold minded beings that are drawn to each other for power and the assurance of eternal life.
	That looks more like a comic book or a fantasy novel than an academic volume, but I enjoy the reading. 
	There's no one in the class the moment I walk in. But a second later, Ms. Adkins is behind me, smiling as a cartoon would smile at his best friend. The situation makes me sort of uncomfortable. I thought about showing her the book, but now that she is in front of me, I decide not to, it does not look like such a good idea.
	"Had a pleasant night, I trust" she says as she walks to her desk.
	I blush, I don't know what did that comment came from.
	"Sorry?" I can't pretend I have not heard her, it's just me and her in the room.
	"You look like you had no sleep."
	I breathe again, then I nod. I finally sit on my usual bench and wait for the rest of the class to join me. Jay is the last to come in, he sits right next to me, but barely talks. He looks at Ms. Adkins and then takes out his things, ready to begin the class. The inquiring smile on her face is still on me, and remains that way for almost the whole class.
	"I shall see you at my office" I hear Ms. Adkins before leaving the room.
	"Yes, of course" Nodding again as one of those plastic puppets people have in their cars.
	My next lesson is unexpectedly canceled, there is no information to tell us why or what we should do. Everyone leaves to the bar or back home, but I have to stay here so I sit on one of the stone benches in the middle of the cloisters and take out the book. 
	I continue the reading from where I left off. The ambiguous descriptions of these beings is depicted so detailed and precisely that the writing gives a certain feeling of veracity to what is being explored. 
	Suddenly, I start to have a bad feeling. 
	Every Immortal is not completely fulfilled until accepted into eternity, that means for them to be acknowledge as God. It is utterly important to obtain the most precious element in the world, and the most powerful. A human soul.
	I stop the reading. The joyful time I was having while going through this pages is gone. I look up, I need some air. My body freezes when at the other end of the cloisters someone I know is watching me with a masterful smile on her face.
	I remember how she appeared out of nowhere the previous day; I remember when I hit her, and the bruise on her arm did nothing but bleed a strange, thick and slippery liquid. The thoughts come back as killing knifes slaying my body. The shattering look on her face makes me feel small, unprotected. 
	I have had clues from the beginning, everything within these pages translates into reality, in an almost unnoticed way. The showing up with the strange hair looks, and the strange clothes, the mind interpretation when she knew about the topic I had unluckily picked. She wanted me to learn about all this. She did, for some reason. 
	I look again, and she is gone. The book is still on my lap, and after a long pause I use for breathing smoothly, I talk to myself with the clearest voice I can find in me.
	You are just imagining things. Stand up, go to the office, and think about nothing for the next couple of hours.
	But it doesn't work as much as I would like. I need put my head between my legs once more, I've not needed that for a long time, but now it seems the only thing to be helping me to lower the pressure I feel in my head and chest.
	"Are you ok?"
	I look up and I see Ingrid with two other boys who I don't know, although I've seen one of them in my mythology class. They are all looking at me with a weird look. I nod, trying to get away with it, but Ingrid does not give up. She asks the boys to go on, and she stays with me. 
	"What's wrong?" she asks again, after some long silence.
	After telling her everything I've read, and all the strange connections that I've discovered between what's written in the book and our teacher's behavior, she looks at me and starts laughing.
	"You need a couple of days off. Go home, and sleep tight for a couple of days. I always knew reading was not that good as they say" she jokes, caressing my head friendlily. 
	When she is gone I take a deep breath.  She is right, I need to rest. 
	I stand up and go to the upper floors, where the teachers’ offices are. Hearing Ingrid's words in my head over and over again. I walk slowly, still recovering from my stupid and too imaginative ideas. In front of me, Ms. Adkins walks to her office all by herself. She hears my footsteps and turns around to meet my worried and scared face.
	"Are you quite alright, young boy?"
	"It's just a headache" I lie, looking at her eyes of spreading green light.
	"Perhaps you need to go home?"
	"No, I’m fine. I will be alright."
	She smiles at me and turns again, she starts walking and I do the same. 
	"You have a strong soul, I know you will be."

CHAPTER 8
	A strong soul…the words repeat themselves in my head like a hammering roar.
I do my best to hide my fearful trembling. When I enter her office I am instantly relieved, Elizabeth is there, nothing will happen now. Not that she is my protector, but whatever Ms. Adkins intentions might be, she won't go for it now. 
	Sweat going down my neck once more. I am terrified again, a kind of fear I have not felt in a very long time. I just pretend to be ok, hiding my fear behind the shadow of a headache that covers my true feelings right now. This is too much to cope with. 
	I try to organize every paper, essay, or uncorrected exam that I can, but half an hour into it I have a terrible need to vomit that would ruin everything if I stay here. I excuse myself, my teacher gives me permission to leave and Elizabeth hardly looks up. I really don't care now, I just need to get out.
	The constant shaking remains with me, but in a more controlled manner, the moment I step out of the office. I go to the bathroom and water my face a couple of times, I want to make sure I am not in a dream. Unfortunately for me, I don't wake up, I was not sleeping. The buzzing sound of danger sounds behind my ears. 
	I go back to the residence, doing my best to keep my thoughts together as I walk through the crowd in the streets. Jay is not here yet. I lie on my bed and try to breathe slowly, so slowly I almost don't hear myself taking in the air. 
	The day goes by, Jay is still not here but I can't deny that the tranquility of these past hours was necessary to deal with my, perhaps, too vivid imagination. I can't stop telling myself I am making things up, no such beings can exist. It's obvious that I was reading too enthusiastically about it, and I simply let the written page slip through my mind. Surely this has happened to many others before me. 
	I don't know if I have dreamed today. I wake up exhausted, as if my mind had gone on thinking about the same thing over and over during the night, without my permission. I feel too tired and not well enough to go to class today. Not at all.
	"Do you need anything?" Jay asks from his bed, he is apparently skipping class too. 
	"No, I will be alright, I just need to rest."
	He nods and goes back to sleep within the following minute. 
	Barbara Harris has awakened something in me that terrifies me. The book is still on my bag, I don't plan on touching it today, not ever again possibly. I am not in the mood for anything, not at all. The feelings come back, and Ms. Adkins keeps staring at me even in my memory. I need to stop this. I will have to talk to her and change the subject of my essay. I won't tell her the reason, of course, she would think me mad. That will have to wait, though. Tomorrow will be another day. For now, I will remain in bed, trying to accomplish something really hard for me, think about nothing.
	 When Jay wakes up, the quietness of the room disappears. 
	"Sorry", he says when he realizes that all that noise is bothering me "I will go grab a coffee and hang out, keep resting, call me if you need anything.”
	He does what he says, and I am grateful for it, although I can't help but laugh about what he last said, I don't have a phone number to call to if I should need anything. 
	When night arrives, the tiredness in me wins over my anxiety and I fall asleep.
	The blurry image of the wet ground of the university cloisters is dangerously beautiful. I walk alone, not knowing where to go. The walls are cracked and the windows wrecked. I see the aisle I walked the last time I saw this dead image and I head towards it. My walking is easy and self-controlled, I don't want to fall down and lie on the mud again, as always. Not tonight.
	This time I see something I did not see in my other dreams. At the end of the corridor, two figures are waiting for me. As I get closer they shape from darkness and shadows. One of them, the old woman that I have been running away in my mind ever since yesterday, and to her side, the other, the one making me shiver every time I see her, Elizabeth. I stand still, keeping my distance. The old shadow takes out a carved wooden box with ancient symbols and paintings. In the other hand she holds a knife silver as moonlight, she points it to Elizabeth's chest. I can't bear to watch the rest, the only thing I know is that I lie on the mud again, not being able to move, not being able to live.
	I open my eyes trying me best to keep myself from jumping off the bed. I feel sweat coming down my neck and through my body. I am not her only target. For what I have seen, Elizabeth is on her list of souls too. I don't know how much of this is real, I am so confused that I don't know what to do. But the only thing I can come up with is to stand up, get my clothes and leave for the university, to safe the girl with the green eyes.

CHAPTER 9
My fears are back the moment I leave the comfort of my room. What if everything the book says about these beings is really true? What if all I fear about my teacher is also true? I need to hurry, Elizabeth might be threatened by the same danger I am exposed to. We are not friends, I know that, I only get an occasional smile when I am around her, but I can't let that happen to her. Warning her is the least I can do.
	When I leave the residence I realize that I have slept longer than I thought. Daylight blinds me, it must be about midday. My Latin class is about to end, which means that I can talk to Elizabeth before she gets into Ms. Adkins office. 
	I run as fast as I can, doing my best to fool traffic even though I almost get hit a couple of times along the way. I am familiar with the streets already, so I know when I have to turn and which direction I need to take. That little advantage leaves me time to think. I can't just bring it up, I need to tell her everything I know, see if she believes me or not. I am sure she has noticed some weird behavior from Ms. Adkins, she must have. Particularly if Ms. Adkins talks to her the same way as she does to me. 
	I arrive in the university just in time. I cross aisles and crowds of people leaving class and others waiting for the next lesson. I can't stop, or else I might be too late. I try to hide myself as I run through the building, I don't want Ms. Adkins to see me.
	I get a glimpse of Elizabeth as she turns the corner that leads to the office. I shout her name out loud but she does not hear it, she is close to the door and I am still too far away to catch her. I fall on my knees when I see the door closing behind her back. 
	The feeling of guilt, along with the fear I feel inside, makes me remain there for a long time, knocked over by reality. But I realize that for once in my life I should be braver than what is expected from me. I stand up, shaking and fearful, I can't help it. I walk until I am in front of the wooden door, and then I open it and cross it.
	"Hello" Elizabeth says from her chair. Ms. Adkins is not here.
	"Thank God you are alone."
	She looks at me with a strange look on her face, she is obviously surprised.
	"We need to get out. Constance, Ms. Adkins, is not what she seems to be."
	Elizabeth frowns her forehead.
	"What are you talking about? Just sit down and do your job."
	"But you don't understand" I murmur.
	"Now" it's her final word.
	If it was up to me, I would leave again, but I can't leave her alone, not here, knowing what's after her, after both of us. 
	I sit down as she tells me to and start working, nervously looking at the door, waiting for the old woman to turn up and do God knows what to us.
	All the books around me can't hide the strange look on my face, Elizabeth is looking at me from the other side of the table and I feel my nerves crash whenever she is about to mouth a word.
	I keep thinking about her, of course, asking myself if I should open up and free my feelings, that way perhaps she would trust me about what I have just told her. But I don't want to risk it, what if I tell her that I like her? It's not like I have lots of friends here, besides Jay and Ingrid, of course. I'm a settler, if I can be his friend and be with her like this, although not enough, it's fine for me. But for that I need her to trust me.
	I stand up and pick some of the books on the table, these belong to the upper shelve in Ms. Adkins's library. I get on the stairs carefully enough, I don't want to make a fool of myself in front of Elizabeth. My balance has never been particularly good, and this wooden stairs are not in great shape. 
	"Hold on, I'll give you a hand with that" I can't believe she is getting up to help me with this. 
	Elizabeth holds the stairs and I climb. The books are heavy and I am trying my best not to drop them, but one of the thickest slip through my fingers and even though I try to catch it, it only makes it worse. I make a harsh move that makes me lose my balance. The stairs shake and Elizabeth has no time to react. The wood gives in and the next thing I can see is me getting closer and closer to Elizabeth. I fall on top of her.
	I am terribly embarrassed, I have never seen anyone so cold and serious. She is motionless, with the only hint of life coming from her eyes. I don't know what to say. My head is on her chest and I am terribly ashamed. I can't think of anything, I can't move, and when I try to, I feel it. It can't be.
	Nothing. No movement, no breathing, no heartbeat. And yet she looks me in the eye, as if nothing had happened.
	Her green eyes.
	Ms. Adkins is not the Immortal, Elizabeth is.


CHAPTER 10
	My blood freezes. I stand up and look at her, absolutely terrified. My back is against the library and by the moment Elizabeth looks at me I know that she understands what's going on. I can't breathe, I look at her and the only thing I can see are those green eyes that have been haunting me for months. It seems impossible that this is happening, but the lone fact that she says nothing about it makes it certain. She can't die. She lives forever. She wants my soul. 
I'm shaking and I can't move. I understand now the feeling of true fear. She stands up slowly and there is a quick smile on her face. I have read about the Immortals, I know what they are.
	"Listen" she sounds normal, like if nothing had happened. 
	"Stay away from me!" I raise my hand as a warning sign, I know it won't protect me but it's the only thing I can do. Carefully, I move towards the door, my back still pressed against the wall. And when I find the door, I walk out. 
	I run as fast as I can and get into the toilets, there's someone inside, thank God. I have an urgent need to throw up. Right after I'm done, the toilet door opens, it's Jay and by the look in his eyes, he is looking for me.
	"Jay!" I don't know if I am surprised or not, what I know is that never in my life I've been so glad to see anyone. -I need to get out of here.
	He puts his hands on my shoulders and takes me outside. We leave the main building and needless to tell him anything about what just happened, he takes me back to the residence.
	"You will be ok" he whispers, trying to make me feel comfortable. I thank him for that. I still can't believe what's happening.
	There's nothing to say, and I can't even hear what Jay is telling me, I am too focused on Elizabeth's green eyes, killing me every time I fall asleep. I know we are close to the residence when I notice the shop I walk by every day. I let go of Jay and take a rest, I need to breathe and the need to throw up keeps coming back. I hate this, I really do. I'm dizzy and can't see clearly, everything is blurry, and the last thing I see before going totally black are those green eyes taking my life again.
	When I wake up there is almost no light in the room. I recognize the place, Jay has taken me inside the residence; this is our room. All the memories of what happened from the moment I left the University until now have disappeared. I bring my hand to my forehead, I have a terrible fever. It must be from the shock. Jay is sitting right in front of me, on his desk chair. He offers me a glass of water, which I drink pressing the crystal edge of the glass against my face, still trembling for what happened.  I try to stand up, but I can't do it, my legs would give out the moment I got on my feet.
	"Take it easy, lie down", he seems so calm. 
	"I...you will not believe what happened Jay, I need to get out of here, I don't know what's going on", thank god I trust him well enough to tell him all this stuff, if not, I'd die.
 	"I know what happened."
	"You have no idea, I have never been so terrified in my entire life", wait "what did you say?"
	Jay stands up and walks out of the room, I feel dizzy again and the headache is coming back.  I'm having a terrible day. The door opens again, but this time it's not Jay, Elizabeth walks in, and she seems to be worried.
	I get on my feet and get hold of my bed table lamp and point it to her. 
	"Don't get any closer" I keep moving the lamp as if it was going to help me in some way. 
	Elizabeth stands still and looks at me in a very gentle way.
	"Alex, I'm not going to hurt you."
	"Yet" I say with my trembling voice.
	"Yet", she smiles. She gets closer to me, takes the lamp from my hands and puts it back on the bed table. She then sits on Jay’s chair, keeping the distance, as requested.
I am not going to sit down, not yet. If I could I would run away again, but Jay is keeping the door and given the scenario, he would not let me go. I consider jumping off the window but I am too dumb for it and I would probably kill myself, which now doesn't look at all like a bad idea.
	"You too?" My voice is not fully recovered from what I'm feeling, but Jay knows well enough that I'm talking to him. "You could just have left me there, you didn't need to bring me here."
	"I had to, you were in the middle of the street, and no one is going to hurt you."
	"You guys don't expect me to believe that, do you?"
	The fear I'm feeling is starting to turn into fury. I don't know what it is but I'm sure this is the first time I experience all these emotions.
	"What do you want to know?" Elizabeth seems so willing that I almost believe her.
	I consider the question. What would be the wisest thing to ask? I have never been in a situation like this one, in which some Immortal person, whom I know is bond to take my soul to become a God, asks me what is it I want to know.
	"Nothing" I lie, trying to hide that I am more terrified of knowing the answers than thinking about the questions.
	Elizabeth's green eyes are fixed on me again. She puts her hands on her neck and smiles. She then looks at Jay.
	"Constance was right, he is great."
	Jay smiles. Again, I have no Idea of what's going on, and right after she has said that, I have a question for her.
	"Did we just met because of this?" the question is intended for Jay, but they both answer at the same time.
	"Yes. You see, when a Catalyst like you appears, the leader of an Immortal tribe makes all the arrangements needed for us to meet. Constance found you, and in a matter of seconds we were all here waiting for you to show up. "
	I sit now, but not because I am feeling better, quite the contrary. For two months I thought that I had finally been able to get over my fear of meeting new people, I thought that I had made a great friend whom I could trust, and suddenly, it all was a lie.
	"I am your friend though", Jay must have noticed the look on my face. "That’s for sure."
	I smile, I find this whole situation repulsive and the only thing I want to do is punch him in the face. As hard as I can.
	"He's telling the truth Alex, he has been delaying this moment until you found out yourself."
	"And why delay it?"
	"It's always better if you find out about things, learning gives us perspective. If Jay had told you, you would have run away."
	What makes her think I'm staying here after this? 
	"You would have not been able to take it in on time. But now you know, and you have to trust us, until..." she seems embarrassed to go on.
	"Until you take my soul", How is that an option? Stay with them? Not a chance.
	"Exactly" her voice is rough.
	"Well, at least you have the decency of being honest. But no, thank you, I'd rather not…” I can't even think of the words.
	Jay comes closer and sits right next to Elizabeth, who looks back at him in a rather worrying expression.
	"You must trust us", she adds "whenever a Catalyst meets an Immortal, everyone is on the move. There are tribes that can't find their Catalysts on time, and they might come for you, and trust me, they won't be as gentle as we are being."
	She could be lying to me, but for some reason I think she isn't. I am not ready to give in though, the fear is still inside me and I know it won't leave me. I can't believe they are asking me to stay with them no matter what, only to be the ones to make me disappear. I start breathing harshly again. Then the question hits me.
	"How long have you known about me?"
	"Us? Not much. Since the moment you got into the plane" Jay is telling the truth, I know it. "Constance has known about you since the day you decided that you would spend the semester here."
	That, if I am not wrong is more or less the same time I have been having all those dreams. I instantly know it is related, what else can it be? I bring both my hands to my head and then I look back at them, I have another question.
	"Why can't I remember the dream?"
	"What dream?"
	"The dream I've been having ever since I decided to come here. Every single night I dream of my death, and the only thing I can remember is that I die, and your eyes", the look on Elizabeth's face impresses me, she is as surprised as Jay.
	I really don't want to go on with the conversation, it’s making my dizzy again and I can't stand looking at the two individuals in front of me. I take the jacket from my desk and I leave. Neither of them move a finger to stop me, which I appreciate. I walk down the corridor and take the stairs this time, as long as I'm walking, I won't be thinking about today. I go to the top floor, there's a terrace that usually is full of people, but today is just for me. It's already night. Not only have I lost the whole day, but the small part I remember of it makes for the worst day of my entire life, or at least one of them. 
	I stand near the railing and I can see people walking in the street, they have no idea of the world they live in. In moments like this I must admit that ignorance is not that bad. There's a group of students gathered right in front of the residence, and that makes me feel alone again, as alone as I've ever been. 
	How did this happen? How can all this be possible? Yesterday, I had a stupid theory about my teacher being some sort of freak that could live forever and now, not only that is true, but my closest friend and the one person I could fall for are members of her tribe, as they call it.
	"I'm sorry, you know?" Elizabeth has sneaked into the terrace, I have not heard her, which is not surprising after all. "You are a nice guy, I'm sorry this happened to you."
	I turn around and start to walk towards the entrance to the building, I can hear her behind me, but I will not turn to her. I know far too much to pretend that everything is alright. 
	"I'm sorry too" and I close the door as hard as I can.

CHAPTER 11
The ringing of the phone wakes me up. There's no one in the room but me, thanks for not being here Jay. I take the phone, it's my mother. I don't want talk to anyone right now but it has been a couple of days since I last talked to her and I don't want her to worry.
	"Alex darling! You will not believe what just happened! Wait, I didn't wake you up honey, did I?" 
	"You did mom, but it's ok. Go ahead, what happened?"
	"I just won tickets for the Super Bowl! There was this radio thing going on and they asked the most stupid question, no one got it right so I called and I won!"
	"But mom, you don't like football", I say it as If I was joking, I am really glad to hear her so excited. She sounds like in the old days.
	"Well, but I will keep them! I have never won a thing in my entire life!" 
	"You do that, yes. But keep them safe, if you hit bankruptcy before February those might come in real handy."
	"I will never get your jokes darling. Is everything alright over there?" That's when I consider answering -yes, I only realized that I am the meal of some soon to be God. - But it doesn't look like a good idea.
	"Oh yes, everything's great. Listen, I got to go, love you, take care and say hi to grandpa. Bye."
	I hung up, but keep the phone glued to my hand, it makes me feel closer to her, to safety.
	"So, everything's great, is it?"
	Jay is standing on the door. He puts a cup of coffee on his table and another one on mine. The joy of not seeing him the moment I woke up has just vanished. Yesterday I would have told him about the tickets. He loves football, or at least he told me so, but that's none of my business anymore.
	"Fuck off Jay."
	I take the book again and continue reading where I left off. I am not particularly interested in the subject anymore, now that I know that all the nonsense written in here is true, but it's a way to avoid Jay's eyes on me. 
	I go back the part of the Immortals.
	 It is believed that those who bear the Immortal mark will become Gods in their millennia. The ultimate transformation requires the willing surrendering of a human soul, not out of fear, or force, but real love. The soul of the mortal and the soul of the Immortal shall bond together in that night and so, who was immortal, will become a God. 
	The one thing that I take out from this is that as long as I don't fall for Elizabeth, I will be fine. The problem is self-evident. Never, I will never make the right choice in my life.
	"Why are you still reading that?"
	"Because I want to" I don't even look at him, why would I?
	"I know, but you can ask me whatever you want, you don't need to read it" That's true, last night they said that I could ask whatever I wanted.
	I put the book down and sit back, Jay is still standing in front of the door. 
	"Are you an Immortal too?"
	"No, I'm not. Not exactly"
	"A God, already?"
	"Neither", he smiles "I'm a Keeper. Which I can see you haven't read about. "
	No, I haven't. I don't pay much attention to the tone in which he said that, it was more like a joke and I am so not buying it, not now. I have two options, I can both shut up and go on reading or I keep asking him. Since he has been helping me out to be more open to people, I go for the second option, was all that about this? So I wouldn't be shy to ask him anything now? Probably.
	"So you can die" It sounds as if it was something I deeply desire. That's the only thing I can think of. I want to apologize immediately, but I can't, I already said it and I can't deny that for one second, I meant it.
	"I will if I have to. You see, the Keeper's only purpose is to make sure that Catalyst and the Immortal bond on the millennia. Usually, Keepers don't have to stick around for much long, but Constance wanted me to keep an eye on you from day one."
	Is he trying to make me feel special? Because it is not working. It seems that mine is a very singular case, and I'd like to know why. But I don't have to ask, Jay has seen the question in my eyes and before I can make up the words he is already answering it.
	"Elizabeth is a very special Immortal, plus she is the only female one that Constance has ever had the honor of leading. Immortal women are said to be extremely powerful in the last stages of their life, so it is imperative that you are safe. She can't afford to lose your soul."  I can't believe they speak up their minds that easily, it's my life we are talking about and I feel like if he could trade it for a Star Wars poster.  "Sorry, I should not have said that."
	I'm done with it for now, I have to put all my thoughts together and this is not the place for that. You know you are in trouble when you feel trapped in your own room, and that's exactly how I feel. I have the feeling that I will feel trapped anywhere I go from now on.
	 I stand up and put on a clean t-shirt, and a minute later I'm walking down the streets of Barcelona, this time on my own. Or so I think, because I have a shadow watching my step. Jay is walking right behind me, I know it. I can sense him. I really don't care. I should have taken my headphones, that way I could stop the thinking. I don't know which direction I'm going, I just walk, I know the city well enough to make my way back from almost anywhere so I don't care where I end up. 
	It's almost night when I get somewhere I know, it's one of my favorite places in the city, Gaudi's masterpiece, The Park Güell. The doors are still open. I can't see Jay behind me so I sneak in and I lose myself in the architecture of the park. Every time I come here I can't stop looking up to the ceiling of the great colonnade. I can see some people taking pictures of themselves, I wish I could be so naive and do that too, if only they knew in what sort of world they live in. I go up to the great balcony, I have never seen it so empty in the time that I've been here. The sight of Barcelona is overwhelming, the huge city surrounded by the sea is the only thing between me and madness right now. This is the only quite moment I've had since yesterday, I can't even hear my thoughts. 
	It's already night when I walk out the park, I am more relaxed and I think I can see things more clearly, at least as clear as one can see all that's happening around me. Again, I see people with shopping bags, having something to eat on the streets. Groups of friends, couples, lovely married grannies holding their purses as if they contain the secret to eternal life, and here I am alone, with nothing more to do than thinking about what I should do until the day of my sudden and premature death. 
	This is not a dream anymore, every day that goes by I am closer to that moment, the bad thing is that I am fully aware of it, and I even know who the hangman will be. 

CHAPTER 12
When I wake up the next morning I realize that I can remember parts of my dream. It had something to do with a field; it was rainy and everything but Elizabeth's eyes was as blurry as it could be. I don't have much to deal with but there must be a reason for me to start retaining some parts of the dream. I look to my left, Jay is sleeping, or at least he pretends to. I can't be sure, but I think he has been looking over me during the whole night. Just the feeling of spending five more minutes in here kills me. I put some clothes on and walk out the door and go straight to the check-in desk, and as if the woman working there was waiting for me, she stands up, takes of her glasses and with her childish voice asks me what I want.
	"I'd like to exchange rooms, if possible?" it seems like the wisest idea given the circumstances. But of course, she looks at me and with that look I can read what she would like to spit on my face  It's halfway through the semester, you stupid boy, of course you can't».
	"Sorry, no more rooms" she says with a shy use of English. The fine attempt to master the language makes me smile. Well done, lady, I think.
	As frustrated as I am, I refuse to go back to my room so I just sit outside on the grass for some time. There are little groups of students gathered nearby, they are having some caffeine injections for the day. I can't believe I am even considering doing it, let alone actually doing it, but when I find myself standing up and walking towards them I realize that something has really changed during this past months, and not only the sudden existence of Gods and monsters. I have changed.	
	"You mind if I sit with you?" what I intended to say sounded much better in my mind, but I'm guessing they didn't care much. 
	"Oh, hi, you are the American one, right?" as if I was the only one in the city.
	"I am, yes" I fake a friendly smile, I am still not good at this. "How is it going?" wrong question, or at least it seems to be. They look at me like if I killed someone.
	"Sorry, do you know that guy over there?"
	"That guy? What?" I turn slowly because I'm terrified of what I might see. I follow the direction of the pointing fingers, which lead to Jay, wearing nothing but his underwear in the middle of the street. Shit. "No, I don't." I remain seated in the same spot and I pretend I have not seen him. A minute goes by, and another, and another, and the faces of the people surrounding me are still as surprised as before. All of them are looking at Jay. I will kill him, I will, I promise myself that. I stand up and go straight to him, I take him by the arm and lead him in.
	"What the hell are you doing?" I ask almost shouting.
	"What the hell were you doing? You are supposed to stick up with me, and obviously avoid contact with mortals."
	"Avoid contact with...?" I drag him to our room. "Avoid contact with mortals? Are you kidding? And besides, what's all that shit about sticking up with you? I thought I made myself clear, I am not interested, thank you."
	I have never felt as furious as now, I could crash something just with looking at it. Jay is fixing his eyes on me. Whatever move I make, he follows it, he obviously is not going to just leave the subject.
	"What the hell are you doing half naked in the street anyway?"
	"What? I wake up, you are not here… I went out looking for you" the funny thing is that he is actually convinced that this is normal behavior. If I think about it, it's actually funny. 
	"Look, you are not my mother, and you will obviously not change my mind on the subject, so please, drop it." 
	He says nothing, and I thank him for that. I lie on my bed again and cover my forehead with my hands. Again, that feeling of —this can't be happening to me— is coming back, but it is so cliché that I try to avoid it in a matter of seconds. Hell, this thing is going to kill me. 
	"Feeling better?” he asks as if he was a psychologist and actually expected my emotional explosion.
	"Of course not, how on earth am I supposed to feel better?"
	"I don't know, just by doing so?"
	"It's not like if I had a feeling switch button" which would actually come in real handy.
	I put my arms on the bed, I breathe slowly and I try to appreciate the fact that he keeps trying to help. But the ultimate reason for that is that he wants me alive on the day that Elizabeth needs to take my soul, and that is not something I am ready to accept.
	Jay comes near my bed and sits down. He looks at me and with a —very real—friendly voice tries to comfort me.
	"Look, why don't we go out, like friends. And we can talk about all this."
	"I thought you said "like friends", talking about this is business for you", I answer without looking at him.
	"Well, I can't hide the truth. The offer is on. You decide." he stands up, gets into the bathroom and within seconds I can hear the water running.
	I spend the next seconds in the same position, then I pick up some old notebook I carried with me from home in which I used to write ideas for future novels, and I write the first thoughts that pop up, which turn out to be the first lines I've written here in months.
	After a promising start in the "Alex Stills American Dream", I must confess I have the greatest story that could have ever crossed my mind. The problem is that I will not live long enough to tell it, and that sucks. It turns out that all that crazy stuff that we tell to children about fantasy is not crazy stuff at all, and I have learned that in the best way possible. Experience, it all comes down to experience. Moral of the story: Don't go anywhere, some want-to-be-Gods might choose your soul to fulfill whatever their life's goal is. 
	This is the most ridiculous journal entry that I have ever written, and yes, I want to acknowledge it, so it never happens again. 
This is Alex, still alive.
	I still don't know why I have accepted Jay's proposal, but the thing is that I am sitting in a bar with him and the loud music helps me not to concentrate on what I'm thinking. 
	He has been friendly enough during all afternoon, as always, which is quite bothering. I hate it when people pretend that something has not happened. The cocktail in front of me remains intact, I don't feel like drinking, let alone being drunk in a couple of minutes. Jay, of course, doesn't seem to care much about a clearly possible drinking problem, since he is already on his third round and it doesn't look like his last. 
	He stands up and goes to the table right next to us, there are a couple of girls, one of them I'm pretty sure lives in our residence. Jay talks to them both and in a matter of minutes the three of them are on the dance floor. I am just sitting here, and I cannot help but wonder, how the hell does he do it? I don't think I could be like that if I had to deal with everything that he has to put up with. The thought leaves as quickly as it appeared, obviously, I am just a simple mortal, as he would probably say. 
	While he is out dancing I have time to think about this all over again, I am not convinced about what is more difficult to get used to, dying, or the reason for it. Neither of them are easy to focus on right now. I let my mind go with the music, and before the next song starts, the thoughts are back, obviously it is not going to be that easy. Ten minutes later, Jay is back on the table, he drinks a little bit more and puts the glass to a side. He sits back and looks at me.
	"I love this place" he is drunk. 
	"So you wanted to talk?" I bring up the subject, not because I feel like hearing the same explanation over and over, but I want to put an end to this whole thing as soon as possible and now it could be my chance.
	"Oh yeah sure, shoot."
	"You are the one that wanted to talk, not me, remember?" the awkwardness of the moment makes me drink half of my cocktail in a sip. Is he being funny?
	"Yeah, right" he nearly stands up, his chest is on the table and he looks at me, straight into the eye. "The thing is...the thing is that you are a cool guy" that's all he says.
	If I wasn't in a public place, nor trying to control myself, I would most likely crash my glass on his head right now. I say nothing, stare back at him and wait for another epiphany. Suddenly, all the joy on his face disappears, it's like all those drinks have not affected him at all, on a normal basis I would feel scared of the sudden change in his attitude, but now, now I just go along with it.
	"What I meant was, you will do the right thing."
	That is not what he should have said to start the conversation.
	"Do you ever consider, when you say all that stuff that you are talking about my life ending in a matter of months? And that you even want me to willingly accept it?"
	My reaction is more than a surprise to him, he sits back again and tries to build up something to say but he clearly can't. I guess that I should have kept my mouth shut but not about this, not this time. He finally looks at me, I can see fury in his eyes.
	"Look, this world, all this? It stinks, ok? I know it, but the same way I am here dealing with you and your stupid behavior, you have to deal with what's been given to you", he is being serious now "The moment your fate, if you want, crossed with Elizabeth's, you were bond to her, and if you don't do what it is expected from you, she will pay the consequences, and you will only be somebody else's meal."
	I try to process every bit of information he has just given me. Somebody else's meal, pay the consequences... I can't avoid feeling furious and guilty at the same time, but why guilty? I don't know, but I do. This whole thing is driving me crazy, and the one that can help me with it is sitting in front of me. One thing is for sure, I have a real friend, even though he insists on me surrendering my life, there's a friend in him. I am sure. My glass is on my hands again and I empty it in a matter of seconds. I am worried, more than worried, frustrated.
	"What do you mean by her paying the consequences?" I finally say, looking out the window and trying not to look at him as he tells me everything I don't want to hear.
	"There are rules in Elizabeth's world, the millennia is not like actually becoming a God, or someone else. It's more like a process, like when you turned 18, you could either decide to go to university or do nothing, right?"
	I nod.
	"If she becomes a God, she is following the law, which you can imagine is not as breakable as your laws. If she fails to do so, she becomes what we, they, call a Tartar. She will be dispossessed of all honor, and rights. She will be haunted, and eventually, she will go as dark as all the Tartars around the world." 
	"Dark?"
	"Can you imagine a lifetime of imprisonment, consisting in no one ever being able to talk to you again, just to humiliate you...? That's not even close to what she would have to face."
	I still have the same feelings about the whole thing, but Jay has shown me that even a non-mortal soul can be more human than humans. I can't avoid picturing Elizabeth, and imagining people doing all those things to her. Haunting someone as Elizabeth down for eternity... she and I were not off to a good start, but I feel like I know her more than I should. Maybe this is it, maybe that's my reason of existence, maybe this is how I will do some good. I am not ready to die, not yet, I can't accept it, and I won't. But If I have to, I'll take it as if it was my time. 
	"I'll think about it" Even though I already have "when?",  The word can't even come out of my moth directly and I have to make a terrible effort to pronounce it, I am too afraid of the question.
	"February the second" he says looking at me with gratefulness.
	Then, suddenly, I have another question which he might not want me to ask. But I have the right to ask whatever I want now, the least he can do is answer.
	"What's going to happen to you?" I try to say it as clearly as possible. I don't want to repeat it, I just want to know it. 
	"My only mission is to make her a God, Alex."
	"Meaning?"
	"Meaning, I will die too." his expression doesn't change and there is no doubt in his words.
	After his answer I take a moment for myself and start wondering if anyone would ever do that for me, I don't think so. My only friend until now, Richard, has not spoken to me since I sent him the text message after arriving in Barcelona. And after my years in high school and college, I am quite sure I will never have a friend like Jay again. Maybe I'm being depressive, although I think my attitude is perfectly normal for the situation I'm in. This is not the best moment to put up a scene, but the best thing I can think of it's actually the one that I think that will make us friends forever. I rise my glass and wait for him to do the same.
	"To Elizabeth" and even though I know what those two words mean, I feel like I am more free than ever. 
	"To Elizabeth" He says, and then he stands up and takes some more drinks to the table. The night has just started, and I will enjoy it as If it was my last night on earth.

CHAPTER 13
When I open my eyes the dream is gone, but I know I remember the same parts I did yesterday. My back is still wet with the mud of the rainy field. I can't understand why the dream seems to be so real. I think about the past two days and how my life has drastically changed. Deep inside I know I have accepted it, I will die sooner than expected, and there's nothing to be done about it. But some parts of me are fighting all those feelings, some part of me tries to scream, and I can't stop it, I have my doubts, and I will have them until the very end. I know it, and I can't fight it. 
	I stand up, and get ready for class. The last time I went to Ms. Adkins lesson I knew nothing about what was going on and I actually thought that she was the Immortal. It will be the most frustrating class that I have ever attended, watching and listening for an hour and a half to the woman that has planned my death scene. I don't wake Jay, I am convinced that when I walk out of the door he will be already there, I only hope he is wearing some clothes. 
	He does. Before we start walking I look at him seriously.	
	"About yesterday..."
	"You are not pulling back, are you?" he isn't angry, he is rather worried that I might.
	"I didn't even say that I was in for it. Anyway, I have more questions."
	"Go on, then" he says, being more relaxed.
	"Not now, I was just letting you know."
	The class is as empty as ever, it's like nothing had changed, but that obviously isn't true. Everything is different now, and even the white painting of the walls looks darker than last time, and the wooden benches seem to be paying the price of time, too. I sit and wait for the class to begin, I am fully aware that Ms. Adkins will know by now that I have accepted my fate. I hate to call it that way, but given the circumstances, I don't think there is a better way to deal with it.
	Ms. Adkins walks into the room, she is more radiant than ever and her smile covers half of her face while the other half is covered by some pink sunglasses. I remember the passage of the book that talked about how showy and boastful Immortals tend to be, that's obviously why I thought that Constance was one of them. It is now that I realize that Elizabeth is showy and boastful to, not in that way, but I don't think there's anything showier than her eyes, and that's what attracted me to her, even before we officially met. That book got too many things right. 
	"Good morning, Mr. Stills" she says upon her arrival to her desk. I am not the only person in the room now, and I can feel the hostile looks I'm getting from everyone from the second row to the last, everyone but Ingrid, who keeps laughing silently at the situation.
	I smile, pretending I didn't hear her. Jay is sitting right next to me and is obviously hiding a guffaw. The class proceeds as usual, and I feel like my life is normal again, which I appreciate, for a change. By the end of it I begin to feel very bored, is it because this subject has suddenly become so personal that I don't care about it anymore? I can't be sure.
	Before I'm out of the room, Constance grabs my arm and holds me in for a couple of seconds. When everyone, including Jay, is gone, she lets me go.
	"I understand you are now in possession of every bit of information" the strange language feels weird, but I guess she is not playing a character anymore, that's her.
	"I do, yes" I say convincingly enough, trying to keep my fear out of my words.
	"Then you must be warned. If you fail to fulfill your obligation, I myself will take care of you."
	She vanishes with a hint of silver mist and leaves me in here, with her words coming back to me again in a repetition loop, like when a song is stuck in your head, although I would rather have a song in my head than her words. Her vanishing does not surprise me, I have seen Jay doing that over the last days. I must ask him about that, it seems the only cool thing in their existence. 
	When I finally get out of the room Jay is waiting for me, he is also talking to a couple of young girls that are standing nearby. 
	"You don't longer have to go to Constance office" of course not, there's nothing else to do there now.	
	My next class is Latin, and my heart stops the moment I see Elizabeth walking in the room. This time, not only does she come straight to me, but she sits right next to me as well, smiling as if we had been friends forever. I blush, I can't help it. Her presence makes me very nervous and I feel something is moving inside me. I am covered with goose bumps once more. She clearly notices everything that's going on with me.
	"It's alright Alex, you are safe here" she jokes. She smiles, just for me, and as stupid as it seems I can't get my eyes out of her smile. She clearly likes showing off, it's in her nature. I go along with it and try to look as tough as possible.
	"Of course I am, the only thing that can kill me in this room is Latin declinations." She smiles back at me and I can't help but wonder, is it real? Or is she just being friendly because she is forced to?
	I have never paid less attention to a class in my whole life. 
	When I get home Jay is waiting for me, sitting on my chair, he seems to know that my meeting with Elizabeth went better than the last one. 
	"Tell me about your powers" I say even before putting my bag down. I am eager to know as much as I can about all this stuff. Jay looks at me quite surprised, he later realizes that I am not asking out of enthusiasm, it's only curiosity.
	"Well, Gods and Immortals have what we call "the mark", which basically means that they have quite cool powers. It's hard to know which, because most of them have different abilities."
	"What about you?" I am sitting on my bed, listening carefully to everything he is saying. It's strange, I don't feel like I should be doing this, not even talk to him, but then I remember everything I have gone through, and I erase the thought. 
	"Keepers and Leaders basically have the ability of teleportation, and it's not even as cool as it may seem. You see, we can't move wherever we want, our power is limited to the area our Immortal is at the moment we cast our powers. That means, that right now I can only move around Barcelona, but If Elizabeth was to leave without telling us, I couldn't possible track her. We can also interpret what people think, but I've never been able to do that, Constance does" I remember how she guessed Theseus the morning we picked our essay topic.
	I can think of more things to ask, but I decide to do some overdue university work instead, that way I won't seem so eager. I can't really focus on it though, it's hard to focus on anything when you know you will die in a couple of months, but it keeps me from thinking too much. 
	After some hours of doing the exact same thing, there's a knock on the door. Jay does not move a finger so I put on my flip-flops and go get it. My heart stops once again as Elizabeth walks in.
	"I see you are not ready yet, am I too early?"
	I am completely lost.
	"What did I miss?" I am asking both of them.
	"You invited me over to the Star Wars thing, remember? Last week" Oh yes, Jay gave me the tickets because he couldn't make it, but since he has been lying on his bed all afternoon, I'll take it as it was another of his tricks.
	"No I hadn't forgotten, come on!" I can feel my sweat coming down my neck "I'll be ready in a minute" I don't know why I said that, it's not something I am looking forward do, but it came so spontaneously that I can't take it back now. I sneak into the bathroom, wash my hair in a matter of seconds, put on a clean t-shirt, a couple of drops of cologne, which make me feel stupid, and then I open the door. 
	Of course, they were talking about me, and against all odds, they do not stop their talking, which is quite embarrassing since she is telling Jay all about my reactions in class this morning. "Ok, enough talking, some of us have plans" I say, blushing again.
	I am nervous, it is not my first date but it seems like if it was. Elizabeth is walking so close to me that I know it probably means she wants me to hold her arm or something, but I am too focused on not falling down as I am walking. 
	"How do you want to do it?" 
	"Do what?"  My blush is not going to leave me for a while now.
	"Get there, Alex" she looks at me like if she could guess the misunderstanding. "Jay tells me that you have been asking about the teleportation thing.”
	"I have, yes, but it's not because I am scared or anything, I was just curious and, well, you know" she is too intimidating for me. 
	She gets into the room to our left. I stand still since I don't know what to do. Some seconds later, she opens it up and with a single look I know that I am supposed to follow her. I enter the room.
	"Hold my arm" she says, waving it. I take it.
	The experience is much less brilliant than I expected. Everything that surrounds me goes blurry and suddenly my feet are not on safe ground. I am flying over nothing. Then my feet are back on ground again, the room starts to move, and Elizabeth has the same look on her face she had before. I am dizzy enough to hold my air for a second and close my eyes for a while. When I open them again I can see I am somewhere else, she just took me there.
	"How did you like it?" she asks smiling.
	"Next time, we walk." 
	"We can always drive."
	"No, no driving. I prefer walking."
	We are at the cinema restroom, some people are walking through the aisles leading to the projection room. They are all dressed up in Star Wars costumes.
	"If you are thinking on making me wear one of those" I say pointing at them "it's not going to happen."
	She looks at me in a rather strange way. She starts laughing.
	"I am not a witch, Alex. It's not like I can dress you up like that, and trust me, I wouldn't. Come on, let's go."
	She opens the door and leads the way. We go to the ticket window to validate our tickets, and then go back in. It's incredible how many people enjoy these movies, I have only watched them once, and it was quite enough. However, here I am. 
	There's someone dressed as Darth Vader on stage presenting the picture, like if that was necessary, but I have to admit it's quite funny. Finally, after a ten minutes speech, the lights go out and the very familiar theme floods the cinema. Cheers and repetitive applause go with the text preceding the movie; I have never been part of such a fandom. It's exciting. The guy right next to me is crying.
	"First time?" says Elizabeth when she notices him
	"That's right" he sobs.
	Elizabeth smiles and sits back again, she makes everything look so easy. Has she ever been here before? Or is she just another fan of the films? When the film starts and her green eyes are fixed on the screen, I realize that both answers are —yes—. 
	I am actually enjoying the event, and everything that goes with it. Elizabeth, the beauty I thought would never notice me, is sitting right here and has even touched my hand a couple of times, I really need to keep remembering myself that to her, this is just business, but hell, I like it. Every single time I look at her I find her more attractive and I know her beautiful face is now printed in my memory forever.
	When the movie ends, we walk out following the screams of those who are clearly eager to repeat the experience. She looks so happy and free that only for a second I forget everything and think that we are out on a date. She then takes my arm and puts me back in the room of our arrival.
	"I want to show you something."
	"What?" my voice clearly shows that I am terrified. The teleportation thing didn't go well the first time. 
	"Trust me" she says, and then she takes both my hands and I feel like flying again. There's no ground, there's nothing around me but Elizabeth's green eyes.
	Suddenly, I feel cold. The wind pushes me away from her and I almost fall down the moment we reach our destination. I keep my eyes closed for a short moment, and then she gently whispers to me.
	"Open your eyes, Alex."
	Barcelona, that's what I see. I am on top of some building and the image of the whole city at night warms my heart. I am speechless, and the only thing that I know for sure is that I am still holding her hand. The view is one of the most beautiful things I have ever seen. Obviously, this is no New York, but there is something in this city that no other place in the world has. 
	"This is…amazing" that's the only thing I can say, I still don't believe that I am up here with her.
	Then I start to go back to reality as the cold wind caresses my face. 
	"It is, right? I come here sometimes, when I want to think."
	"Really?" for some reason, I am surprised.
	"Yes", she smiles "we like high places to gather, or think, or you know, be ourselves."
	Then I remember some mythology.
	"Like your own Olympus?"
	"Sort of, but Olympus isn't precisely what mortals are taught." 
	I would ask more about that, but her face tells me that she is not willing to tell me all about her history, so I remain silent until she talks again.
	"Thanks, for everything. I know this must be hell for you. "
	She got that part right. But being here now, with her, it isn't that bad. Still, I have to come to terms with all of it.
	"Well, it was not my life plan, if that's what you mean" I really have to thank Jay for showing me how freeing it can be to speak your mind.
	"How old are you?" her voice is full of sorrow.
	"I would be nineteen in about six months" I know that my face shows many things but happiness right now. "What about you?" shit, I can't believe I just said that. She starts laughing and I can't do anything but start laughing myself.
	"Oh, well I will be one-thousand February the second" She answers, still laughing, "a grown up." 
	Suddenly my face goes white, I have no expression. I feel terribly unhappy and almost furious.
	"I can't believe you joked about that" I feel terrible, not because I have said it, but because she made me feel completely expendable. "Can you take me home now, please?"
	"Alex, I…"
	"Please."
	She puts her hand on my shoulder this time, not on my hand. The city does not look like it did when we got here.
	"I'm so sorry I said that" and that's the last thing I hear before I get to my room and go to sleep.

CHAPTER 14
I'm lying on mud again. The floor is extremely wet, more than any other time, I can't breathe. Then the same green eyes come near me, and suddenly, I wake up. 
	I know that I have been screaming, and probably moving dangerously because Jay is standing right next to me, looking terrifyingly worried. 
	"What happened?"
	"Nothing, just a bad dream" I don't feel like talking, the memories of last night are still too recent. I turn and try to fall asleep again.
	"Oh shit, Alex!" Jay is right over me, he takes all my bedclothes away from me and I can see from the look in his eyes that he is terrified. I look down, my bed is covered in mud. "What is this?"
	The almost black, wet mud blinds me for a second and freezes my heart, turning me into a lifeless body. It looks like he is standing in front of the dirt that will, one day, cover my body for good.
	I try to explain to him that the dreams are getting more and more real ever since I learned about him and Elizabeth. I know he is furious because I didn't tell him, and for some reason, I feel bad about it.
	"Look, I'm sure it has to do with all this" I say, trying to calm him down. When I check again, the mud is nothing but a distant memory. "You see? I'm alright." It feels so weird to be talking to him in this way, that's the tone he has been using with me for the past days, it must have been exhausting for him. 
	Jay looks at me, not convinced at all and ready to do anything for me.
	I get up and get ready to leave. I try my best to ignore Jay's worrying looks and walk out the room with nothing more than a shy waving. 
	He is not out waiting for me. I'm glad he decided to stay in, or maybe just not to follow me. I need some time on my own. I put on my headphones and start walking down to the university. I don't really want to sit for an hour and a half listening to Constance's continuous talking about mythology, but I know that if I stay home I will spend the whole day thinking about yesterday, and the dream. 
	I turn my iPod on, and with it I can make my fears and thoughts disappear for a while. Thank you New Jersey, it's my first thought when Bruce Springsteen fills my head, his music makes me walk faster and takes my mind away from the last hours. 
	When I walk into the class Constance is already there, sitting on her table, and clearly waiting for me.
	"I hear yesterday didn't turn out to be exceptional."
	"It appears to be the case, yes" I say trying to imitate her voice. I don't succeed, but I'm glad I dared to speak to her like that.
	"Is there any particular reason for the task to be so difficult to fulfill?" I want to throw a chair right to her face.
	"Focus on the class, will you?" I'm furious again, I don't think I have been so constantly irritable in my life. Ever since I discovered Elizabeth's true nature, keeping my temper is becoming more and more difficult. 
	Why does Constance talk like that? Who does she think she is? I might have to die in a couple of months, without being able to do anything to stop it, but that certainly doesn't give her the right to treat me as something you could pick up at a grocery store. 
	"This conversation is not yet finished."
	I look at her, and smile. It is finished
	Everyone starts to sit on their chairs, and Constance looks at me with a dangerous look, I may regret this encounter in a matter of days, or minutes even. But right now, I feel like I have achieved something. I won a fight.
	"I hope that all your essays are on my desk by the end of the class" Constance is still looking at me, and I start to feel the sweat coming down my neck. The essay is not due until the last day of class. What is she doing? I hear some murmuring. Everyone in the class, including Ingrid, takes out some papers from their bags. "I understand, Mr. Stills, you have not done your essay" she clicks her tongue.
	"The essay was due the last day of class• I whisper
	"Sorry my dear, what was that?" she comes closer and puts her hand over her ear, pretending she didn't hear me.
	I repeat my exact same words.
	"Oh but you are wrong, Mr. Stills, again" she looks around "when was the due date for the essay?" She is addressing the whole classroom.
	"Today" everyone sounds like if they were under some sort of spell, and then I remember a particular line from the book about the Immortals and the Leaders.
	Persuasion can be a gift, but be aware that it might also be a terrible weapon to turn everyone against an individual.
	Then her last words repeat on my head again; —you are wrong, again—. She is obviously referring to me trying to put an end to our conversation. I didn't win that battle, she was only playing dead. 
	Given the circumstances, I don't want to remain here much longer so I pick all my stuff and walk out of the classroom, before I leave I can hear her saying one last thing.
	"Dear students, remember that failure is the worst punishment of all, Mr. Stills here just learned that. I hope from now on everyone remembers this moment."
	I will remember it, I'm sure of it. I will never forget her sadistic smile, and Ingrid's laughter at me. 
	All I want to do is leave and go home, but Jay did not show up at class today so it means he is there, I don't want to talk to anyone. The only thing I can think of is going to my next class. 
	It's too early to go in so I wait sitting on a bench right next to the door. Some girls come around and put up a poster about some party. They leave and since I have nothing else to do, I give it a quick look. There's a university party, they want to celebrate Christmas even though it is three weeks away, well done girls. I instantly realize that I will be on my bed that night, because I am the only person in the planet stupid enough to meet only three people my own age during my first year of university: an Immortal who is bond to take my soul, a keeper that has to make sure it happens, and a free spirit of nature that lives her life to a limit beyond my reasoning and that just turned against me. Well done, Alex. 
	"Hey" There she is, the soul stealer, talking in a shy voice. I look to the other side, even the thought of keeping my eyes on her kills me. 
	"Go away" I know that it is so cliché to tell her that but actually it's all I want.
	"I can't."
	I avoid looking at her but I want to. I want to tell her how much I hate her, and Jay, and Constance for everything they are doing. But that isn't true, not about Jay and Her. Still, looking at Elizabeth is something I am not prepared to do right now.
	"Why not?" my harsh voice emphasizes my mood.
	"I have class too."
	Oh, of course. Now I don't know what to say, and her voice is sweet again, how can she do that? I don't care right now. I need to keep my distance, so I randomly stand up and go straight to a coffee machine that is nearby. I put some money in the slot and then I choose randomly, I don't want anything but I can't be that close to her. A beep tells me that my coffee is ready. I take it out and go back to the bench, she is still here, fixing her green eyes on me. I don't look at her, and doing my best to keep my face from showing any emotion, I drink.
	Bad move.
	This must be the most terrible coffee I have ever had. I just can't describe how bad it tastes, but apparently my face does it perfectly for me. I realize I'm doing funny faces when I hear Elizabeth laughing right next to me. I try to be serious again and take small sips. It's terrible but it's the only thing that keeps me from talking or looking at her. 
	Finally, the door opens and I can get into the class. She follows me in and sits right next to me, again. I look straight, and don't even move.
	The class is less entertaining that I remembered it, like if it had been ages since I last was here, although many things have changed since then. I am completely unable to concentrate, because to my own regret, the only thing I can think of is how last night turned out. At least now the teacher does not humiliate me in front of everyone, and thankfully Elizabeth has not tried to talk to me.
	When the time comes, I walk out and try not to look back. I know that Elizabeth is right behind me, I can feel her. But I won't turn, I walk away and with my music as my only partner, I walk back home. 
	But someone puts a hand on my shoulder and makes me stop.
	"A word, Mr. Stills" it's Constance.
	"What?" I really don't want to talk to her again today.
	"Walk with me" She takes me to her office. There's no one in. "Jay tells me that your dreams are somewhat becoming real when you wake up."
	I nod, not looking at her.
	"That means that we are on the right track, you will have to work harder of course, but it seems like we will succeed."
	That's enough.
	"Stop this, right now!" I scream. She looks at me, surprised. "It's my life we are talking about, not some business, stop talking about how wonderful it is that your dear immortal Elizabeth will successfully go past her birthday. I won't do it, you know? How can you even think that someone will turn in their own life, just like that?"
	She looks at me for a second. Then she puts her hand back on my shoulder and smiles.
	"I told you I would take personal care of you if Elizabeth was to fail her fate. Imagine what your poor mother would go through, or your grandfather."
	"Keep them out of this."
	"You do it" she smiles again. "I'm sure you will be a good, loving son."
	I say nothing, I can't really say much.
	"We are done talking then. Don't mind the dreams, it's just normal. It will get worse as the day approaches. Now, get out." 
	She forces myself out of her office. I stand still on the empty corridor for a couple of minutes. She has made herself clear, if I don't do it, my family will pay for it, that's something I can't allow to happen. 
	When I accept that there is no way out from this, I turn and walk home. This time, nothing stops me.
	Jay is waiting for me, standing right where I left him.
	"So?"
	"What?" I feel ambushed.
	"What happened?"
	"Jay, I went to class and came back. That's all. I got stuff to do" I know that I should be nicer to him but seeing him makes me think about Elizabeth joking about my death, and about everything Constance just said. It makes me angry and very uncomfortable.
	He looks surprised and hurt, I know that I should apologize, but I don't. Instead, I go straight to my desk.
	"Can I stay or shall I leave?" he asks.
	"Do whatever you want Jay" I'm so sorry Jay, really sorry, but the words come out of my mouth and I can't stop them.
	I don't see him, but I know he remains there for a couple of minutes and then he vanishes. This time he does not appear on the street waiting for me, as I am used to. He is just gone.
	I take a long moment to breathe. This is too hard to handle. I open my laptop, hoping to find something that will make me think about anything but this. I check my email inbox and I have two unread emails. Both from «stillsfamily@gmail.com» I click it.
	Dear Alex,
	This is really difficult for us to understand. I created an email account because I'm told that it's cheaper than phoning. How are you?
	Mom.
	I can't avoid laughing for a couple of minutes. That's the first time she uses a computer without my help. I think about her typing with her clumsy fingers to write those two lines, and I can't avoid remembering everything she has ever done for me. If I ever doubted about what I must do, now it's clear for me; she will suffer no more.
	Hey Mom,
	It's not cheaper, it's free. Are you using my computer? Be careful with it. How are you guys doing? Is grandpa doing alright? I can't wait to see you.
	I miss you both,
	Alex
	Then I click on the other unread email, which shows a great increase in experience because it has some files attached. The email doesn't say much, just that they miss me and that they bought a new TV because the old one broke down. Then I look at the files attached, and I start laughing again. My dear mother has had a ceremony to show everyone in our neighborhood the Super Bowl tickets, she took pictures posing with them, and as far as I can see, everyone was invited to join the party. I wish that looking great on a picture holding two tickets was the worst of my nightmares.
	I don't reply to that email, but I download the picture of my mother and look at it for some minutes. I miss her, but as everyone always says, you never stop needing your mum, so I guess that's normal. I look at the emails again and I feel a smile on my face.
	Thanks mom.
	A knock on the door brings me back to reality. I stand up and suddenly I remember that Jay isn't here. I walk to the door and before I can open it, there's another knock. 
	When I open it I see a very beautiful woman, wearing a grey jacket, black trousers and dark glasses. She is smiling but she looks very intimidating. 
	"Hi, um, hello" I say, like if I had forgotten how to talk.
	"Hello" she says with a perfectly British accent. "I'm Jessica's mother. You must be the American student."
	"Jessica?" I hope it doesn't sound disrespectful, but I have no idea of who that is.
	She smiles and hands me a paper.
	"Yes, she lives right next door to you. We recently moved here and I am opening a pub near the university, we hope for it to be a great family business. Maybe you have seen her putting on some advertising around the university?"
	The Christmas party girl. The suitcase girl that plays the violin, I remember now.
	"Oh yes, yes."
	"So, I just came here to invite everyone over for the Christmas party. Take the flyer, first round will be on the house. "
	"Oh, thanks" I don't know what I should say "But um… I really don't think I will be going, sorry" I'm certainly not in the mood for any parties.
	"Just think about it, I wouldn't want to force my costumers to come!" that must be the worst joke I've heard in my life. Well no, the worst was way worse than that, and it came from Elizabeth, whom I actually care about. 
	She leaves with the same smile on her face. She walks by the door next to me and two seconds later, she gets into the elevator. Probably she went to visit her daughter before she came here. After all, mine is the last room on the corridor and probably she only came here out of pity.
	I am back on my chair. I keep looking around and, strangely enough, I realize I miss Jay. My eyes come across the book I bought for the essay. It is still on my bed table. I don't have anything else to do for today, not even the stupid essay, so I sit down on my bed and take the book. I turn the pages until I get to the index and I find what I'm looking for faster than I expected, The Keepers.  

CHAPTER 15
Just like everyone needs someone in their life, Immortals need a Keeper in theirs. An Immortal soul is perhaps one of the most powerful elements in our world, and therefore it has to be protected until it reaches the final step of its growth. However, it is the duty of the Keeper to ensure the Immortal's survival. They are born at the exact same moment, they belong together, and so, when the soul is mature, they become one again, and the Keeper, is no more.
	Protection of the Immortal soul is the only reason for the Keeper's existence, especially during the last steps of the soul's millennia, when The Mortal Fringe is more dangerous than ever.
	Keepers are known for having great intellect and being quick thinkers. It is usual for a Keeper to act compulsively, for it is not in their nature to give time to thinking, they are doers. 
	Strength, valor, honesty, and loyalty are essential in any Keeper, and there is no doubt that should their protégée be in danger, they would surrender their own life to prevent the Immortal soul from being harmed, or destroyed. 
	Their physical appearance usually changes when the Millennia of their Immortal protégée approaches, that is thought to happen as a way of protection towards the importance of the occasion.
	As powerful as they can be, a Keeper is no different from a mortal human when they are not near their protégée for only the gift of long life persist in such event. Just like Immortals and Leaders, their psychic abilities, from mind reading to persuasion are their most dangerous weapon, for if you control someone's mind, you can control everything.
	I put the book down and I realize that Jay is still not here. I have some questions I would like to ask.
	Is he really part of Elizabeth?
	What is all that about a Physical change?
	What is The Mortal Fringe?
	I don't want to think today, not anymore. I change my clothes and put on something comfortable, then I put my headphones on again, and I leave the room with my music already taking my thoughts away. 
	Running used to relax me back home, now I only look around and I keep hoping that I won't bump into Elizabeth. Ever since I woke up this morning I feel lonelier than ever, there is no doubt that some things are not meant to change; I was alone when I came, and here I am again, alone. Deep inside, I really think I deserve this. 
	I am jogging again, something that I hadn't done since the accident, and my music is as loud as possible. I can't even hear the woman shouting out loud standing right next to me, I only see her mouthing. 
	Then, a familiar song plays.
	We'd go down to the river 
	And into the river we'd dive 
	Oh down to the river we'd ride	
	That was playing that day, the day. I have been trying to keep the thought away, but those lines bring the memory back, and I can see the lights, hear the screams, and feel what I felt.
	I have to stop and breathe. My heart is beating too fast and I think I will fall down. I put my back against a wall and bring my hands up to my head. I slowly sit down and put my head between my legs. I usually come back to reality when I do this. Everything is blurry, this had not happened since mid-summer. I need to relax. I can't hear a thing, not even the loud music that I know I'm listening to. 
	Someone puts a hand on my shoulder, I look up.
	"You keep getting yourself in trouble."
	"Jay" I say with a trembling voice.
	"Yeah, am I welcome now?" he seems offended. I don't blame him.
	I nod, I don't think I could manage to talk right now, I don't feel my mouth and my tongue feels numb. 
	Jay helps me stand up. He puts his arm around me and slowly walks me back home.
	"You obviously can't go out on your own" the harsh voice is gone. He is joking, my friend is back for me.
	I try to smile but I can't, the best I can do is fixing my eyes on my feet and make sure that I keep on walking. 
	There's people looking at me, and I can almost hear the stupid talking. Most of them think I'm drunk. It's 5 p.m. Anyway, I'd prefer to be drunk rather than being like this.
	When we finally get to our room, Jay makes me sit on my desk chair and gives me some water. I feel better, but I'm still dizzy and my eyes can't properly make out the images in front of me. 
	"Will you tell me what happened?"
	"Nothing, I had an anxiety attack" It's not a lie, but I don't want to go back to it, not to that feeling, not to that memory. So, I manipulate the truth, "all this is too hard to handle. I don't know if I can manage it for much more."
	That isn't a lie either.
	Fortunately, I can feel my tongue again and I can talk, but I know that my voice doesn't sound as clear as it usually does. Jay looks at me, he is serious.
	"Whenever you want to tell me about it, I'll be right here."
	"I just told you."
	"Unfortunately for you, I'm 982 years older than you and I know when someone is lying."  
	There it is; another thing to add to the description of the Keepers in the book. 
	The book.
	Jay looks at it, it is on my bed, opened right where I left it. I can see the look on his face, and I don't know if he is glad because I wanted to know more about him, or just disappointed.
	"Next time, you should just ask me right away.”
	"You were not here."
	"If I'm not mistaken, someone sent me away."
	Thanks, I thought we might have been over that.
	"Is all that true?" I'm trying to give more importance to his history than to what happened earlier today.
	He gives the book a quick read.
	"Yeah, mostly, but whoever wrote this forgot to mention how well we look" he closes the book and puts it back on my night table. "Who wrote this anyway?"
	"Someone named Barbra Harris."
	A strange look crosses his face. I mutter something, but Jay isn't listening, he looks at me and I know that the book isn't important anymore.
	"So, are you going to tell me what happened?"
	"I can't, sorry" And that's the most honest answer I have ever given to him.
	"Anything interesting today?"
	"Well, someone came by, they are opening this pub and they were handing in some invitations. There's a Christmas party or something going on."
	"I meant with Constance, Alex."
	Of course he did.
	"No, nothing interesting."
	"That's not what I heard. Are you ever going to talk to Elizabeth again, she is really sorry."
	"Sorry, I'm tired."
	I take off my clothes and get into my bed, there's still daylight but I don't want to keep on talking about this, and I know he won't leave it. I close my eyes and try to sleep.
	I remember that I wanted to ask him something from the book, but I won't do it now. I need him to understand that talking to me about Elizabeth and Constance as if they were helping me is neither fair, nor adequate.
	I close my eyes, and I'm not in my room anymore.
	There's hundreds of voices in my head, I hear none of them clearly. The only word I can understand is «her», and the only thing I can see is the vast black void in front of me. Suddenly there's light, and I'm again back on the wet ground. The voices disappear, and the green eyes are back. They are coming towards me. They are getting closer and closer and I can't move. I try to push myself with my hands and stand up, this is the first time I feel conscious in the dream. I am almost up but I can't run, the eyes are too close. I can make out a shadow. I try to scream to the top of my lungs but I'm voiceless.  
	Someone is right in front of me, I always thought it was her, Elizabeth, but the shadow is too tall to be her. Something throws me back to the ground and the voices come back. My back is wet and I am terrified. The green eyes are right over me and when they fix on my eyes I feel my life abandoning me. I am dying again, my dream has killed me again. 
	Dead again.
	I wake up and it's the middle of the night. Jay is sleeping. I'm breathing too fast and my dizziness has returned. I check my back, it's not wet and there's no mud over it.
	I need the bathroom, I'm going to throw up. I think I have a fever. There is no mud on my body but I can feel the pain all over me. 
	When I'm done I wash my hands and wet my face. I look in the mirror, and what I see takes my breath away. If anything could kill me now, it would be this.
	My eyes are green.

CHAPTER 16
The horror growing inside me is something I've never felt before. I am terrified, my whole body is shaking and I know I am about to black out. I have to put both my hands on the wall to keep me on my feet. Sweat is coming down my neck again. I can't breathe. I keep my eyes closed, this can't be happening.
	 For a moment, I think it might be from the dream, as was the mud and the wetness from past dreams. But when I force myself to open my eyes and look in the mirror again, they are still green, and no matter how hard I look or how much I want to think it's not real, it is. 
	I start crying, not intentionally, but all the emotions that I'm bearing all these days are now taking over me. I have been lying to myself all this time, I am not ready for this. I have not accepted it, how could I? There's rage in me, I feel it. It feels as if my blood was burning, and the only way to make it stop is hiding behind a terrifying grudge. I get into the shower and I start the water. That way if I sob the sound will remain here trapped within these four walls. 
	I feel the cold water on my body, but I don't care how cold it is, I wish I could freeze right here and never go on with this. My eyes are closed again and the sound of the running water silences my thoughts. I can't move, and even if I could, I wouldn't. What they have done to me it's beyond imaginable, I don't know what's happening, but it isn't good, and I know it's unstoppable.
	"Alex? Are you ok?" Elizabeth's voice suddenly fills my mind. 
	I look around, but she isn't here, am I imagining her voice now too?
	She repeats the question, but there is a worried tone to it.
	"Where are you?" my voice is almost a silent whisper, but that's the best I can do.
	"I'm home, Alex. But I heard you" her voice is so warm that I feel all my fears going away, but I bring myself back to reality. "You need to tell me what happened."
	"Nothing, I just slipped in the shower" I know she will instantly know I'm lying.
	Her voice is gone, and even though I don't feel its warmth, I'm glad I am alone again. I try to open my eyes, but before I do it, there's a figure right in front of me. She is here now.
	"You didn't expect me to believe that, did you?" she is wearing a silk nightgown, she must be very worried.  
	I close my eyes as fast as I can so she can't see them, but apparently my face tells her that something is really wrong. I can hear how she walks in the shower and sits by my side. She stays there, right next to me, while the water keeps falling all over us.
	My arms are around my knees, and I'm hiding my face because I don't want her to see me crying. I'm not weeping, it's just tears. I know it's nothing to be ashamed of, but I just can't take it any longer. I know that she understands what I'm going through because she could have tried to say something to make it look easier, but she doesn't, she is just there, with me. She moves, after some minutes, only to get the warm water running. I can't see her, but I know that she is looking at me, and I also know she is smiling.
	"I'll be right here, Alex, right next to you."
	All my life I have been waiting to share something with someone, and now that I feel like I have someone to fight for, I can't talk, nor move. But I am grateful, and even though I am in this situation because of her, I am happy that she is here with me. 
	I don't know how long it has been. The water has stopped running and my clothes are almost dry. Elizabeth is still here, I feel her body near mine and I hear her almost silent breathing. I keep my eyes shut, as I don't think I'm ready to know why this happened. I try to get on my feet, but spending the night sitting on the shower has its disadvantages. I can hardly move, and there isn't an inch in my body that doesn't hurt.
	"Good morning" she whispers.
	"Thank you" I get up, not looking at her. I open my eyes just to get a glimpse of where I'm going, and I leave the bathroom. When I get to my bed, she is sitting on it. 
	"Do you want me to walk with you?"
	"No, it's ok, I'll just…" I point to the door and try to gesture the words "I'll go alone", I'm too uncomfortable. "Um…I need to change up, would you mind?" I've never sounded so shy in my life. 
	She stands up smiling and suddenly she is gone. 
	Jay is still sleeping, it's funny when you realize how much can go unnoticed over a sleeping night.  I don't want to wake him, I put on some clothes, and I put on my sunglasses to avoid seeing my eyes again, I leave my room, and today I don't feel like listening to any music. No music could make my thoughts disappear right now.
	"Mr. Stills I am sure you are familiar with the prohibition of sunglasses inside my classroom."  Constance has waited until the class was packed so she could humiliate me in front of as much people as possible.  "Take them of this instant."
	"I'm sorry, Ms. Adkins, I'm afraid I can't."
	"Maybe I haven't made myself clear, Mr. Stills. You will do as I say, or else we shall have a word after class."
	She is looking at me, and I have a feeling that everyone in the class is doing the same. It feels like if I had killed someone and everyone was pointing a «murderer» sign to my face. I hesitate for a moment. 
	"Alex don't make things worse, just do what she says" the whisper comes as unexpected as the news of my premature death came. I hear Ingrid's voice and I forget, for a moment, that she joined the laughter of the class the previous day.
	I know that Constance will have answers to the green eyes, for sure. What I don't know is if I want to know them. I fill myself with valor and slowly rise both my hands and take the sunglasses off.
	 I will forever remember her going pale after seeing me.
	"This class is over. Everyone out. Right now" She is almost screaming, and I know that «everyone» does not include me.
	I see all my classmates leaving while Constance studies my face to the millimeter. Ingrid waves at me from the door and mouths something I can't understand.
	"So, after all, you bonded" she says, being very proud of herself. "It seems that our final conversation did work after all."
	"What are you talking about?"
	She starts laughing, in a rather hysterical way.
	"Green eyes are distinctive for our kind, boy" she grabs my face and opens my eyes with her fingers. "There's no stopping it now."
	"But I don't understand.”
	"Cheer up, you are finally worth something. You are Elizabeth's catalyst now, officially. I bet you can already communicate mentally" she looks at my expression as I blush, she then scrams of joy "Yes! I won't fail again, we will have to toast for that."
	A toast for my own and sure death scene? I am getting used to her way of treating people, mere mortals, as she calls us. But I will never know how she can bear to look at me and say such things to my face.
	"I will make sure you don't fail, Mr. Stills" She says, grabbing my face again with both hands with too much strength. She is not euphoric anymore, she is more like furious. "My Elizabeth is not going to fail this, young man. If you try something, something that could put her in the danger of becoming a Tartar. I will have you both killed."
	The words hit me like nothing has ever hit me before. Kill us both?
	I force myself away from her. I'm sweating again, and I can feel my body full of rage.
	"Kill us both you say?" I am screaming. Suddenly all the windows in the class shut down, so does the door. We are completely isolated. I ignore it "You would kill her?"
	"Yes" she says with no trace of hesitation “she is like a daughter to me. I love her. I will not let her go awry."
	"A daughter! I see you know nothing about loving nor being a mother. You and your disgusting kind. You may think we mortals are worthless, but we will always have people to fight for, people we love."
	"Did your stupid mother tell you that?" she jokes
	Then my fury explodes. I jump right on her.
	"Never insult my mother again, never! You have no idea of what she has gone through" I have both my hands around her neck.
	And she is still smiling.
	"Oh, but I do" she gasps.
	I let go. And my body starts trembling again.
	"I don't think you have been back on a car ever since, have you? Oh wait, yes, your mortal friend drove you to the airport. If you can call that a friend, of course."
	I can't move. 
	"Who was it, Alexander? Do you remember what happened?"
	"Stop" I whisper, but I am not asking, I am begging.
	"Oh, but are you sure you don't remember?"
	"Please" I shut my eyes again and try to breathe slowly.
	I can hear her walking around me.
	"You are no better than me" she whispers.
	"Shut up!" I hit her as hard as I can and when she hits the floor I leave the classroom. I am not sorry. 
	I can't see clearly, I'm shaking, there's tears coming down my face, and the fury I feel inside me is beyond imaginable. I know now that she will stop at nothing. 
	I know now that she has condemned me. 
	The worst day is back, and with it are the memories of what turned my life into hell. I remember everything I was hiding from. 
	I can't get away, not this time. 


CHAPTER 17
	Hello mom,
	I need to tell you that you were right about this, about all this, as always. I wasn't ready for it. 
	What I thought was going to be tough just turned out to be hell. Everything I tried to keep away from my mind is back. I should not have come here, running away is not as easy as I thought it was. 
	 Officially, I am not going back, not for long at least. Whatever happens, I only wish I had been brave enough to stay back home and face what happened that day. But I didn't, I was too scared of it. 
	I hate myself for not trying harder. I keep thinking 'what would David tell me if he saw me right now?’ I still think he is here. Everything is back now, mom. I remember, and I will not forget this time, I can't. 
	I love you so much, and I need you to know that. If you ever understand what happened to me, I want you to know I did it for you.
	I am sorry. 
	Alex. Possibly writing for the last time.
	I write this on my notebook, because I know that once I'm dead, she will read it. Saying goodbye to my mother is possible the hardest thing I will ever have to do. 
	I have been in my room for days, ever since my last encounter with Constance. There's nothing for me out there, not right now. I am sure both Jay and Elizabeth know what happened, but none of them talk about it. Elizabeth talks to me from time to time, I'm not sure I want to see her, but I know she is keeping an eye on me. 
	I put my notebook down, and I turn to Jay. He is looking at me.
	"Hey" he rises his hand as well.
	I look at him and I can't stop the smile on my face. 
	"I think you had enough resting."
	After a long while I manage to get out of my bed. I can't pretend I'm feeling better, but he is right. 
	"It's nice to see you up" Elizabeth's voice is in my head, she has not said much these days. I like hearing the softness of her voice.
	"Elizabeth, this is a boys conversation" Jay is looking at me, but it feels weird, because he is not talking to me at all, he knows Elizabeth said something. "That's better".
	Then I remember what I read on the book, about the Immortal and the Keeper, and it feels like a good idea to ask him, and get away from my thoughts for a couple of minutes.
	"How did you know she talked to me?"
	"Seriously, not only you read that instead of talking to me, but you don't read at all, do you?" he is faking an offended voice tone. "Elizabeth and I are basically brothers, as you would call it." 
	"But…"
	"Yes, just like you, I am another part of her. There's nothing else to it."
	"Are you ok with that?" I am more surprised than curious, it's obvious he hasn't given much thought to it.
	"How couldn't I? She is my sister, she is the one chosen to be a God. I am the one that complements her. It's not that complicated."
	Not that complicated? I really think that he has no clue of how hard it is for a mortal to process all that information.
	"So it takes three souls to make one?"
	"Yes, I guess you could say that", he says "are you up for a coffee?"
	By the way he talks, I know that I should not try again to express my opinion about their society, he is so sure about it that I would most likely offend him.
	"Well, but try to stay away from my mind, I want to be able to talk to her if I want to."
	"Thanks” Elizabeth adds in my head
	"Ok. But not today" he shakes my hand as if we had just signed a deal. He then gets up and puts on his clothes. "Come on, change up, you are leaving this room today."
	But I don't want to, I want to stay in, I can't face open spaces today.
	"Do what he says Alex, it will be good for you."
	"She is right, hurry up, I'll be waiting outside" he vanishes before I can fight for my right to stay in.
	"He is as stubborn as you are.”
	"So I can see" For a moment I think I can feel Elizabeth's reaction, it's the first time I answer her thoughts with my own rather than talking.
	I shower in a matter of minutes and before putting on my clothes I realize that Jay and Elizabeth managed to take my thoughts away, even if only for a couple of minutes, they did do it. I feel better, not much, but it's something.  I go outside and Jay is waiting for me at the usual spot. 
	"You took your time."
	"I guess that I would say that too, if I hadn't taken a shower and could simply disappear and go anywhere I liked."
	"Touché."
	He leads the way. We have been walking for about twenty minutes when I start to think that he has no idea of where we are going. Finally, he stops in front of a hidden bar that, unless you know it's there, you would totally walk by and miss it. We walk in.
	I don't think I have ever been to a darker place in my whole life. All the tables are wooden made and I wouldn't be at all surprised if they were older than Jay himself. He sits down in a table next to the door, and so do I. 
	"Here we are" he says. 
	"This place is weird."
	He laughs, then looks around and nods.
	"There's a place like this in every city in the world. Our community is not particularly fond of spending hours surrounded by mortals."
	"Well, you are not following tradition to the letter too well" I joke.
	"Well, you are not just a mortal, are you? Besides, I've always enjoyed the company of the living. "
	"So everyone in here is like you.”
	He nods again and points at someone on a table nearby.
	"That girl over there, she is mortal, she is in your situation."
	"How can you tell? She looks exactly as everyone else."
	"Well, see how uncomfortable she is? Her hands are shaking, and her eyes tell me she has not yet bounded" he looks at me "Oh, and I think that green looks good on you.”
	It seems that he finally understood that he has to deal with all this in a very different way if he wants me to be comfortable enough with it. He had noticed about my eyes, of course, we live together. But not pointing it out, has been something difficult for him, I'm sure.
	"It's ok, you are the same person."
	"I'm not sure about that. But thank you." actually, I'm not sure at all. Much has changed lately, I can't be the same.
	"I know what happened with Constance. Do you want to talk about it?" He still needs to work out how to change the topic of conversation.
	"No, I don't. And I'd appreciate it if you don't bring that up again. "
	He nods. Someone comes by and presents us with some drinks, although we haven't ordered anything.
	"In here you only get this, it's like beer, although much stronger, it keeps us warm, so to speak" Jay takes a glass and drinks from it. "Go on.”
	I take mine and I can smell something sweet. Suddenly, I feel a terrible need to drink it. When the liquid touches my lips, all my fears and worries are gone. I don't know what this is, but I want more.
	"What is this thing?" I ask after drinking my whole glass.
	"We joke about it, we call it ambrosia. You know, like the thing you say Gods used to drink. We usually call stuff after what you named them, it is strangely funny to us. "
	There's a lack of imagination amongst the Immortal community, but I won't say that. I only want to go on drinking. This thing is keeping me from thinking about …about whatever it was that I had thought about for almost a week. I really can't remember. 
	"I'm sorry I had to do this" he says. "I hope you can forgive me". He stands up and suddenly, he is gone.
	I start laughing, like if I didn't care about him leaving me here. But it's actually funny, or at least it seems funny. Having conflict with my own thoughts is quite interesting, I will have to drink some more to figure out what's going on. Wait, no, I shouldn't, why am I alone here?
	"Jay?" I feel as stupid as ever, I know he is gone, I have been staring to the empty sit in front of me for over ten minutes.
	"Hello Alex" the sweet, warm voice comes from behind me.
	I turn and there she is, smiling, as she always is. 
	"Elizabeth! Good to see you!"
	She sits in front of me, and examines the empty glasses on the table.
	"Jay made you drink ambrosia so you wouldn't run away, did he?"
	"Why would I run away, I was aching to see you!" I didn't mean to say that, I know I didn't.
	She reaches for my hand.
	"Alex, you are drunk. Let me take care of it, but don't go afterwards, you promise?"
	"I do" I do sound drunk. This feels excitingly weird. But I like it. 
	She touches my hand and all the warmth of her body comes to my own. I can feel this euphoria leaving me. In no time I know that I will be remembering everything all over again. I let go, I don't want to remember.
	"Don't" I say "Please?"
	She looks at me, surprised. She gasps and finally, she lets my hand go.  I still feel somewhat euphoric, but not as much as I did a few minutes ago. I feel well enough to stare at her and notice how beautiful she is. I don't care about the stupid look on my face, it's just the way I feel, and I've never felt like this before.
	"I want to apologize for what happened the other night. I should not have joked about…" she means it. I know it because she has her eyes fixed on mine, and the smile on her face is gone.
	"It was too unfortunate you said that, yes" maybe I am still quite drunk "sorry, I meant to say that it's ok, I know you didn't mean to say it like that."
	We both remain silent for a couple of minutes. The tables around us are motionless to me, for all I care about is being here with her, and I'm not sure if the drinking had anything to do with that.
	"Take my hand" she says "Trust me. I need to ask too much from you now, that's why we will do it together."
	"What is it?"
	"We need to go see Constance. It's important"
	"That's alright" I say, knowing that the only reason for me saying that is the soft and sweet drink that Jay made me have. Such a nice way to break bad news. 
	I grab her hand, and we are gone in space and time.

CHAPTER 18
Candles light a big room. A big black table at its center welcomes me to the dark place. Elizabeth leads the way into the room as Constance looks at us from the other end of the table. She is surrounded by two women close to her age and dressing almost identically.
	"Those are Carol and Katherine, both leaders. None of them are particularly fond of human interaction, so be ready for anything."
	"Elizabeth, thank you for bringing him in" Constance draws a thin smile on her face, looking at me as if she wanted to say something about the last time we met. "I am quite sure Elizabeth has already told you about my sisters. This is Carol, leader of the Council, and this is Katherine, from the underworld."
	"Why am I here?" I ask Elizabeth holding my eyes on the three ladies; I don't want to lose sight of them. It could be a sign of weakness. Which I don't need right now.
	"It's part of the tradition. After the bonding has been completed, the Immortal reunites with the Leader and the catalyst to toast for eternal life."
	"But that is so mind twisted."
	"That's why we do it after the bonding, the Mortal Fringe has accepted it at this stage."
	"Well, I guess I am the exception that confirms the rule."
	"You are."
	"Are you not going to introduce us?" Katherine, the woman to Constance's right says. "What is your position on the mortal's status?"
	"He is perfectly understanding of the situation, madam. There should be no problem" Elizabeth answers the question with a hint of hesitation in her words. 
	"Is that true?" the woman named Carol asks, but she is asking me, not Elizabeth.
	"Lie."
	"It is" I say with a shy nod and a slow and creaky voice. 
	Constance stands up almost clapping at us, she comes and joins us and reaches for me. She hugs me and places her twisted mouth near my ear.
	"Don't play any tricks with us" she whispers, so that only I can hear it.
	I remember everything she told me about my mother, all the feelings I wish had vanished from me that she brought back. I hate the mere presence of her in this room. My only desire is to disappear, but I have a terrible feeling that if we were to do so, we both would be in terrible danger.
	"Let's welcome the rest, shall we?" Constance opens her hands and countless doors around the room, invisible until now, open and make way for dozens of men and women.
	"My family" Elizabeth says.
	I can see Jay sitting close to the three women. Everyone is wearing a strange cloak that make them look lighter than air. 
	"Sit down" Constance orders both of us.
	There are two free chairs at the end of the table, if we seat there, we will be facing everyone. 
	"Well done, Elizabeth" the voice comes from one of the boys in front of me. Elizabeth looks at him and draws a smile on her face.
	"Thank you Clay."
	The awkwardness and the feeling of misfit grows every second. The three women leading the table stand up and start the talking.
	"We are here today to welcome our beloved Elizabeth and the imminent moment of her pure turning. The youngest Mears will rise to join with her family. We drink to you. "
	Everyone, but I and Elizabeth, rise the glass in front of them. We remain still, not moving. She probably knows what she is doing but I definitely have no idea of how the event is going to turn out. I have a terrible feeling, as if I was never going to leave this place. 
	Constance brings a cup to us, one bigger and more ceremonial to the one that everyone else has used for the previous toast. She fills it up with what I think is ambrosia and makes us both put our hands, together, into the recipient. It feels weird to be doing this, but everyone is so silent and engaged in the process that it seems like the most important ritual in the world.
	"Drink" she says.
	And we do so. 
	"Now your bonding is completed before the eyes of your leaders.”
	Then the three of them disappear. 
	Elizabeth looks at me with a sad look on her face. 
	"I need to tell you again how much sorry I am for all this".
	I don't answer. I don't think I could find any words that could match the feelings I have about this. I don't feel different, I only feel as desperate as never before. I feel like an object. 
	Jay comes to meet us with another Immortal when the room is almost empty. He hugs Elizabeth with tenderness and shakes my hand with gratitude. This is like goodbye, all over again, just like the day I left home. 
	"Hello Emma" Elizabeth shakes her hand, as if it was their first meeting. "Alex, this is Emma Warren, youngest of us all." 
	I salute her, and she does the same. 
	"I am just twenty-four" she adds to Elizabeth's introduction "consider me a close friend, if you will."
	"Abigail says hello" Jay says ignoring me and Emma.
	"Where is she?"
	"She went with the others. You know how she is around… well."
	"Mere mortals" I whisper, hoping for no one to hear me. 
	"Sorry."
	I fake a smile, I am getting used to it. They begin to walk around the place, Elizabeth looks terribly devastated, so does Jay. After all, this means to them as much as it means to me. We all lose something here. 
	The walking goes on for far too much, in my opinion. Long corridors that lead to nowhere and immense rooms that contain nothing are the only things I see. But the walking suddenly stops for me when I get a glimpse of a computer in a room not far away from where we are. I push the door not knowing why, and I go in. Jay and Elizabeth try to stop me, but it is too late. I'm in.
	Constance's own Oval Office. She is sitting behind a hypnotizing desk and she looks at me as if I just crossed an unbreakable war wall. She stands up and comes straight to us, not losing the smile on her face.
	"So you decided to show our friend around?"
	"Sorry, we did not mean to" Jay's shameful voice makes my heart shrink.
	"I perfectly know what you mean and don’t mean to do. Keep your thoughts to yourself, you have no voice or right in this place" she caresses my face. "But come, since you are here…"
	She grabs my shoulder and leads me through the room. One of the walls is full of names. Right in front of me, I can see the list of the Immortals she turned into Gods.
 
	Alec
	Frederick
	Lionel
	Colin	
	Clay
	Edmund
	Edward	
	Patrick
	Maledein	
	Stuart
	James
	Tristan
 
	
	That's just for the ones I have in front of me. All men, I can see traces of other names that were erased long ago and rewritten on top of it. But there's one that does neither belong to a man, nor is it erased. A crossed out name stands out.
	"Who is that?" I ask shyly.
	Constance looks at me, and then fixes her eyes where I am looking at. She brings her sight back to me and I feel the weakness in her.
	"A past mistake."
	Elizabeth shakes her head, whatever I do, I must not ask her again about that matter. But whatever it is, it clearly has Constance on the verge. Her face expression has changed in an unpredictable way. Whoever that person is, or ever was, left a scar in that old woman's body, one she has not been able to remove. 
	"Where is Abigail?" Elizabeth asks looking at the same piece of wall.
	"She does not belong in that wall."
	"But she just became a God."
	"I said, she does not belong in that wall. It was never me who had to lead her, and I won't consider her my own achievement."
	Constance looks at the crossed out name once more and then grabs me harder than she did before.
	"Let's go. You will want to see where you came from."
	She takes me to an adjacent room full of flat screens. I get closer to them and I see young boys and girls, some of them younger than me, some of them older. They are living freely in their houses, not knowing they are being observed.
	"They are future catalysts. I select them for my boys, and whenever they are ready, I bring them to me."
	She has been watching me over the years.
	Constance comes close to me again, ready to whisper something that no one else will hear.
	"I always had trouble between you and David, but of course, you stood out.”
	I say nothing, this is not the place to face her. Here, she is more powerful than ever, and the place is full of people that would only root for her, and would help her get rid of me without any sort of hesitation. 
	Elizabeth notices something is wrong and she takes me away from the flat screens.   
	"What's wrong?" she asks.
	"Nothing" I whisper.
	I stay away from her and start walking to no particular direction. I need to breathe, I need some air. There's a crystal door in the distance, and the black curtains are waving, there's where I need to go. 
	This is not possible, this can't be happening. 
	I see lights in front of me, as the large window stands between me and what it seems to be a stone balcony. I open the door and cross it. What I see, petrifies me.
	I am standing meters away from the Tower Bridge. Somehow, I ended up in the Tower of London.


CHAPTER 19
The Thames floods my mind every time I look at it. The thousands of tourists walking into the tower don't seem to notice the young boy standing on the edge of the building. Is it that they can't see me? I don't care, I do see them, and I can't stop thinking about the freedom they must be feeling right now.
	Elizabeth crosses the crystal door after me and realizes that she should have told me about this. I look at her, doing my best to try to understand why we are here, and not in Barcelona, as we should be. As we were not long ago.
	"Sorry, I should have told you."
	"Why am I here?" I ask again, hiding my face from her, hiding my eyes from the world.
	"The leaders of the Gods chose this place long ago as their living place. All around the world, most historical buildings hide more than countless archives, paintings, or jewels."
	"You mean they hide Gods."
	"Most of them, yes. Gods have been trying to control the mortal world since the beginning of our new way of live. From the moment they decided to go down, someone has always kept an eye on what was happening up here. You would not believe how many of the people you are used to watch on television have more to do with me, and my kind, to any human being."
	I breathe smoothly, trying to process every piece of information. 
	"I should have told you about it, sorry. But we can go now. I still have to make up for screwing up."
	I don't think I have time for that, there's far too many things going on in my mind right now. Is it possible that all those politicians or the known figures of our time, whose many deeds have defined humanity, are actually not human?
	  Jay joins us, he looks worried and doesn't dare to speak right away, which means trouble, Jay is not one for pauses or hesitation. He takes his time, but he eventually opens his mouth and utters what to Elizabeth is a very dangerous scenario.
	"Constance is really upset about him bringing Malenie up", Elizabeth nods. "You should probably go."
	She looks at me and fakes a friendly smile, but it doesn't work. If I ever felt close to her these days it all went away right now. I see fear in her eyes, and that's the one thing I thought I would never see. 
	 She reaches for my hand. I don't take it.
	Hesitation, that's all there is in me right now, I stopped feeling safe the moment Jay walk in, so concerned. If they are scared of what Constance said, I can only imagine that I should be dying of fear, and I am, they both know it. But after Jay's advice I don't doubt about leaving, it can't happen soon enough. 
	"Don't let go."
	"Take care of him" Jay's voice is broken, he looks at me, still so devastated that he clearly makes me believe that what is happening is burning inside him. 
	"I will" She says holding my hand strongly.
	I do as she asks, and I know what's going to happen. This time I'm prepared when the ground disappears and everything around me goes blurry. 
	This time all sorts of feelings come to my mind. I don't know if I should be more scared now that I know that my ending is as certain as the sunrise of tomorrow morning. I have signed my own death date. I keep my hands on Elizabeth's but I can't help to think that perhaps it would be easier for me to let go, right now, just like that, and end all this in a matter of seconds.
	 When I feel the cold wind caressing my face I know where we are. The building where she took me the first time we went out together.
	"Are you ok?"
	I laugh, skeptically. How am I supposed to be ok? Everything is so strange that even the sight of the city beneath us does not take me back to reality. I have been here before, it should be easier to go back. But what just happened changes everything. Nothing will be like it was before. Had I had a choice, I would have chosen not to know so much.
	"Were all those people Gods?" I ask, keeping my eyes on the horizon.
	"Not all of them, no. "
	"And you know them all?" My voice trembles.
	"Alex this is difficult for both of us. Our worlds are too different. I know all the people you have just seen, I have spent centuries with them, and we are like a family."
	"But Constance did not include you in that family did she? She did not treat you like the others."
	She gasps.
	"You are special" I say, turning my head to her for the very first time. "Who are you?"
	"I come from one of the oldest dynasties of Gods. The Great Council is led by three families, mine is one of them."
	I don't answer. I don't want to know why she is allowed to have a family, and destroy another one —mine— at the same time. 
	I slowly turn back to the city, holding the rage tears I have in my eyes
	"Why are we here?" I finally ask, looking over the blinding lights from the world below, because that's what it is to me know, a world in which I no longer belong in.
	Elizabeth takes a step forward and with her gentle hand on my chin makes me face her again. She looks at me in the eye and smiles. 
	
	"Green does look good on you"
	Her words make me blush, and the urge of looking away makes me move my head, but she stops me. Her eyes are still fixed on mine. She is holding my hand and for the first time, I hold it back as strongly as I can. I don't want to let go.
	"You wanted to know why I brought you here again" she says, calmly. The sweetness of her voice lightens the darkness inside me. "I brought you here because here is where we started, and because I want us to start again."

CHAPTER 20
If it's been hours, I can't tell. I'm still holding her hand when she looks at me for the second time. 
	"Well?" she asks in her softest voice.
	"What?"
	She smiles again and sits down, I do the same. She is looking straight at the horizon, the endless sea surrounding Barcelona is the only thing before us.
	"She told me what happened" she says, in a soft gentile, almost shy voice tone. 
	My first instinct is to close my eyes. I don't care about the bonding ceremony anymore. I am not myself now, she can't see me like this. I feel her hands on my face, touching me softly and trying to make me open them.
	"Please, don't" I say, in between horror and sadness.
	"It's ok Alex, I'm with you."
	Slowly, our green eyes intentionally meet for the first time. I feel closer to her than ever. I don't want this feeling to go away, but at the same time, there's something inside me that wants to keep me from that thought. The effects of the ambrosia are fading away, and what happened earlier today is coming back in a harmful way. 
	My expression must have changed, because I can see in Elizabeth's look that she knows something is going on. She won't let go of me, I know it. I'm not alone.
	"Maybe you should get it out, Alex. It's been far too long."
	"You already know, there's no need for me to tell you."
	Every single word Constance said is hitting me back, harder and harder as the words repeat in my head. I can feel my body tremble, and the only thing I can do is wrap myself with my arms and hope for it to stop.
	Elizabeth looks at me and I know that she has no idea of what happened  that day, everything Constance used to tear me apart is unknown to her. I can't understand why.
	"She doesn't say much" I hear her voice in my head "Whatever it is, she wants to keep it to herself, in case she needs to break you."
	"Lovely woman, isn't she?" my voice isn't at all understandable, but I think she got the message because my eyes can make out a tiny smile on her face.
	"Well, in my world she has to put up with a lot, and it's not easy to do what she does. We are in different societies. "
	She just opened a door that I could cross to keep my thoughts away for a while. If I listen to her voice I know I won't have to remember all the darkness in me. I will be safe.
	"Tell me about it" I whisper.
	"What?"
	"Just make the thinking stop" I am almost begging.
	"Oh" I notice she wasn't expecting that, she grabs both my hands and tries to talk fluently. "Well, Constance tells us that we don't have anything like a Government. We live in peace without one, the Council makes it happen. As I said, we are in very different societies, that's why she tries to keep us away from mortals."
	"Unless we are…"
	She puts a finger on top of my lips. She does not want me to say it.
	"How does the Council work?"
	"Alex, you don't need to do this."
	"Please."
	The council looks all around the world, protecting all Gods from harm, and hiding the souls that make them Immortals. They are the ones Gods turn to in need of advice and guidance.
	I can hardly believe such level of organization and self-control exists, I am used to a world in which crime and corruption are the most common things in society. Still, I think it would be too hard to maintain order in such a situation, because it is virtually impossible that every god is friends with the rest. Their world must have conflict, something worth fighting and killing for. If not, there wouldn't be any point on becoming a God, they would just be Immortals, and I would not have to die.
	"I can't believe that" I say
	"Well, if something happens underground, something that is not allowed or should not happen, whoever is to blame is considered a tartar by the Council, and of course is cast away."
	"And you say that you live in peace?”
	"It's our system, and it works. We have Orders within the Council that make sure that everyone living down below deserves to be there. As much as Keepers are there to make sure Gods follow a right path, we have people in charge of order."
	"So you have jobs."
	"Not really, it's specialization. Immortals need three souls to become a God, his or her own, the one from the sibling, and the mortal one. If not, you either become a Keeper, a Leader, an Order member… "
	I don't understand why would they need the soul of a sibling, but as she puts it, a God is supposed to be a pure being, and a new born can't hold such a pure soul, so it is divided in two, and later on, after the millennia, the soul is put back together. However, she is not giving me a reason for the mortal soul.
	"I know what you are thinking, Alex. Constance was right, you know? When she told you that Gods themselves created their own stories, they wanted humans to think they were being ruled, that they were expendable, just tiny insects that they could crash without hesitation or much effort. What happened was that Gods became jealous."
	"Of humans?"
	"Yes. Humans die, and for that reason, every moment in their short lives is lived as it were to be the last. A God could not experience that, unless they willingly chose to destroy themselves, so, after a while, they decided that a mortal soul would make Gods capable of feeling the importance of little things."
	That's it then, Gods are superior to us in every single aspect one could think of, all but one, living. And it is for such an unimportant thing, that they punish us. 
	She has managed to keep my thoughts away, but now my head is full of new wonders. I just don't understand why they still do it, history has proven that humans are not even ready to live in society. If we were, there wouldn't be constant wars, killings, or rapes. Yet they still want to be like us. What is even worse is that their only concern is to feel like us, momentary, but none of such mighty creatures has done a single thing to help us live longer, be healthier or find cures to illnesses that keep killing the new born, teenagers, and adults. They are not only selfish, they are willing voyeurs of destruction.   
	"I understand your feelings."
	"What?"
	"I can read you, remember? I know what you feel, and you will know what I feel once you accept all this."
	"I don't want to accept all this, Elizabeth."
	"I know, you are a mortal fringe."
	And again I hear that word. But this time I will not leave this building without knowing what it means. Not again. Apparently, she is reading me again, because she is already talking when I make up my mind an open my mouth to ask the question.
	"The mortal soul can't be taken by force, it must be given willingly, that's why, if in the end you are not willing to do it, I won't become a God. I'm on the verge of being accepted in The Atlas, or being a cast out, a Tartar for the rest of my life. That's what we call, the mortal fringe."
	Now everything comes down to what I will do when the time comes. I obviously don't want to give my soul away, or maybe I do, I thought I did some time ago, but after what happened today my thoughts have utterly changed. Does it mean I am condemning Elizabeth to a life of misery and loneliness? Or maybe not only her, I remember that Constance told me that my family would pay the consequences of my acts if I was the reason for Elizabeth going the wrong way. I close my eyes again, because if I do I forget they are as green as Elizabeth's, as dangerous as Elizabeth's, as bewitching as Elizabeth's. I can hear her move towards me, she is getting closer, her lips are on my chick and I don't move, she gets closer and now her lips are on my ear, and with a whisper, she frees me for an instant.
	"We'll be together."
	I look at her, I don't know what she means but the warmth of her voice makes my heartbeat slow. I don't feel the cold wind anymore.
	"Before, during and after. We'll be together, no matter what happens."
	I don't know what to say. Am I ready to give my life to someone else? To literally do it? I don't know. 
	-Say something.
	I want to, and perhaps I should say lots of things right now because there are lots of things in my head that need to get out, but none of them would be appropriate, because she is not to blame. She has not created that terrible world of hers that for some reason doesn't look to be hideous in her eyes. But then again, of course, mine doesn't look as terrible as it is either. No, I don't really think I should say anything. She is expecting me to say something that would make this whole thing easier, but I don't think I could do that.	
	After a long pause, she looks at me and stands up.
	"I want to show you something."
	"What?"
	"I know you have been wondering what "down below" means.”
	She is right.
	"Do you trust me?"
	I'm silent, my mouth doesn't move, no matter how hard I try. She closes her eyes in disapproval and comes right at me and kisses me. My senses are all gone, I don't know where I am and the only thing I feel is her warmth and passion. I wouldn't mind dying right now. This is the first time I've been so close to someone, and it seems ironic that the closest I get to her, the closest I get to our eventual separation. 
	"Do you trust me?" she repeats.
	"I do" I say, in the end.
	She takes my hand and walks me to the edge of the building.
	"Do you want to do it nosily or calmly?"
	"Calmly. Please"
	She smiles, and holds my hand harder.
	"Not a chance."
	She then pushes us both from the building. Barcelona disappears as I close my eyes, I know we are gaining speed because I feel the air hitting me harder every waking second. I don't bare to open my eyes, my whole body shivers as the noise from the streets gets closer and closer. If I am about to hit the ground, I don't want to be staring at it when it happens. Then everything is calm again, and when I open my eyes, I am in a place I have never seen before. 
	"Our Paradise" she thinks for us both.

CHAPTER 21
Not even the brightest mind in the world could have envisioned the mesmerizing structure I have in front of me. My body is still recovering from the colossal jump and my eyes can't make out all the beauty in front of me. Barcelona is gone, and everything I'm staring at is new to my eyes. 
	"Where are we?" I ask in the shiest tone.
	"This is The Atlas. This is where Gods live."
	She tells me about this place as we walk through it. In a matter of minutes I know that we are actually underneath the surface. Barcelona is right above our heads and this ancient white and golden city has been under it for as much time as one could think of, but it's not just under the city above, it goes all around the world. 
	The stone pavement shines as silver and the white paint on the walls of the little buildings reflects a sun-like warming light to my body. The feeling I have while walking through here is quietness, all my worries and nightmares stayed on that high roof from which I used to watch the Olympic city. There is no natural light, of course, but the high ceiling reflects the light from the surface, or that of the stars in the sky as they would look without all the pollution of my world. I don't particularly use what I consider to be corny adjectives to describe things, but this truly is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. Maybe not the most beautiful one, that one is walking in front of me. 
	Elizabeth walks as freely as an animal in the middle of the forest. It seems as if she was trapped in the city, and now she is home. Home, I think, will I ever see what I consider to be my home again? The thought disappears as quickly as it came to me. I don't want to trouble my mind with this matter, not now. If I am to never go back, I will at least make the most of what I have right now, and what I have, seems priceless.
	Suddenly the idea hits me. «This is where Gods live» she said. What about me? Am I in trouble now? I realize that my connection with her is growing every waking minute, because she stops walking and I can feel how she is listening to my thoughts. Her mind travels through mine, and I feel everything she feels as she moves like the flow of the river through my deepest self.
	"Only Gods live here, of course" she is waiting for me under some marble sculpture. "Those who are not yet Gods are not well received, we are foreigners. But don't worry, the only ones in trouble are the Tartars, their entrance is strictly forbidden." 
	I smile, there's no need to say anything, she knows that I am worried, and I can't do anything about it. However, I have yet to see anyone walking by, is everyone hiding or something? This city of Gods is just empty, and no matter how beautiful it is, it seems abandoned, punished by time itself to exist without life.
	"There's an explanation for that too, you know?"
	"I will have to get used to you listening to all my thoughts" I say in a friendly voice.
	"You should indeed" she grabs my arm and starts walking right by my side.
	It feels so good to be with her, just the two of us. Time could stop right now, I'd rather be a frame in my own life than having to live the end of it. 
	Suddenly, a bad feeling. There's a hand in my shoulder and before I can turn to see what's going on, a new voice speaks, and I am terrified.
	"What do you think you are doing here?" Says the young man staring at me with a dislike look on his pale face.
	"Tristan!" Elizabeth drops my arm and jumps on the man in front of us, he is not much older than me, at least on appearance. "I thought I would never see you again!
	"Hello Elizabeth, my dear sister."
	Sister? The words come as an impossible surprise, I need to make myself remember that their world works not in the same way as mine.
	Elizabeth steps aside and smiles at me, then looks at Tristan and does the same. 
	"Tristan this is Alex" She waits for any of us to do something, but it's useless. I am too intimidated by the figure in front of me, and he is obviously not willing to welcome me here "Alex this is Tristan, Constance was his Leader too. He became a god about a decade ago."
	"Which is why I can be here and you can't, specially your mortal fringe."
	"Oh come on, don't be so boring."
	He is too serious to be ignored; he grabs her by the arm and does the same with me. I am used to teleportation, so when I appear in a completely different place I am not at all surprised.
	"We are in regency year Elizabeth, you are not supposed to be here."
	"I know, I know, Constance is all over the place with it. Shadows, Shadows, Shadows, that's all I get when she's around."
	Elizabeth doesn't say much more. I know she won't talk about it, which means that it is something important, and none of my business. If I have learned anything about all this is that we mortals are not always welcome in the Immortal matters. 
	"Where did you take us?" She asks while checking out everything. 
	"My chamber, I haven't been out of here for the last three years."
	"Three years? Why on earth would you do that?"
	Tristan takes his time to answer, and while he walks around, looking for the right words to speak, he keeps looking at me like if I was some trophy. I remain silent, trying not to move an inch, too scared to even form a thought, even if it is just for me and her. His presence is like that of mist, too think to see what lies within him.
	"I don't know what Constance hast been telling you, but things down here are not as she wanted us to believe. Every single day, Gods, and particularly Goddesses, leave to find the Shadows. It's a lie that there is no ruler in this land. Gods are on the move, you should know more than any other. "
	"My family?"
	"Along with the Council. Whoever gets to the shadows first will be in charge of everything until the next regency. "
	"You are wrong" she says, frowning her forehead.
	"Everyone wants power Elizabeth, it's just they have been hiding the thrust for it for much too long."
	"Don't ask" she thinks when I move, but she isn't talking to herself, she is talking to me. 
	"But I don't understand, you said…"
	"I know, I don't understand it either."
	"Well, maybe his is just playing you."
	"Tristan would never lie to me, I know him. If he says that there's something going on, he means it."
	"Those from above believe that here we live in paradise, and the ones that really live here are divided between the ones who want to believe that paradise exist, and the ones that want to become part of history."
	"In which group are you?" Elizabeth seems to be worried.
	"I belong to those who want to keep on living" Tristan's voice is full of anger and fury "I owe that."
	"I understand" Elizabeth's hand is on Tristan's shoulder, showing him her support, like any friend would do "We will leave right now."
	"Wait. You need to make sure that no one notices you are here, you just crossed over, it will take a couple of hours until its safe for you to go back."
	Elizabeth knows that I need some information as I am starting to worry. She moves her thoughts to my own mind so I can understand that the division between my world and this one is pictured as a line, a line that once crossed leaves a trace until it is still again. "That line is not yet ready for us to cross" She says, "and we can't go back with no one noticing." 
	So it appears that not only I am somewhere I should not be, I am here at the wrong time and won't be able to leave for a couple of hours.
	"You will be safe here."
	Tristan and Elizabeth are talking in a corner, and I am walking around the amazing room that Tristan lives in, I wonder if all Gods own one of this chambers, I wouldn't mind having one for myself. Even the idea of it makes me smile. There's everything one could need, and I am honestly quite happy to see that there's electricity and pipes. Gods, after all, need some commodities, mortal commodities. 
	Everything is as smooth and pale as the God living in here. There is no color, and that slowly makes the few traces of happiness in me vanish to another place, to another world, a much darker corner of myself. Nothing I could feel right now in these walls could make any difference to me. The lifeless room has put all joy to rest.
	Something catches my attention. In the middle of the chamber there's a wooden pedestal with strange signs carved on it. At the top, an oak made box with something that shines as sea water, a round drop of silver beauty. 
	"That's my soul" Tristan's voice makes me step aside as quickly as I can.
	"Your soul?" I ask, with my trembling voice, wondering if mine will soon be in a wooden box as well.
	"Mine, and the one belonging to my mortal fringe" He puts both hands on the wooden piece and closes his eyes, and for a moment I can see the pain of regret, memory and loss. 
	"That's what keeps us alive. There's a drop of Tristan's blood within the soul. Immortal blood keeps things alive, so, as long as this tiny drop is still alive, so will Tristan."
	"So you can die?" 
	"Only if my soul is killed or my body utterly damaged.”
	For a moment, I try to picture her soul, and my only thought is to keep it safe, forever.
	"What if someone finds it?
	"No one knows where a God's Chamber is, except for him and his leader. That's why he took a risk when he brought us here."
	"I'm sorry, I didn't want to touch it" That's the only thing I can say given the circumstances. My eyes are fixed on his, and the sorrow they shed makes me shiver. He might be a God, but he is as fragile as anybody else. I wonder what happened to him.
	He looks at me and draws a shy smile on his face.
	"It's quite alright" He brings one of his pale hands to his dark hair and goes back to the corner where he had been talking to Elizabeth.
	"It's alright, he likes you."
	"Good, I don't have to worry about him warning Constance about all this then."
	"He would never do that, Alex!"
	"It's called joking, Elizabeth. You do it all the time."
	"Touché” She smiles at me, and then stands up. "It's time for us to leave, thank you Tristan, and you don't need to worry about the Chamber, I won't tell anyone how to get here."
	"Thank you."
	Elizabeth comes straight at me and grabs both my hands.
	"Wait" Tristan says before we leave "Watch out girl, you don't want to lose him. Hard times are coming, and being a God will be a reward many will kill for."
	Elizabeth looks at him, she is worried but for the look in her face I know she appreciated the piece of advice. 
	"Ready?" and we are gone.
	We land somewhere in the old city of Barcelona, I know it because of the narrow streets surrounding us and the time lapse I feel every time I come to this old place.	
	"What was all that about? What he just said."
	"Remember Jay told you that you had to stick with us?"
	"Yes."
	"Other Immortals are looking for catalysts. If they become Gods during this year… finding the shadows would be much easier to them."
	"I don't understand."
	"You are a catalyst" she says calmly.
	"Yours."
	"No, anyone's. All they need is a bounded soul, and that you own."
	I remain silent for a couple of minutes, she has placed her hand on my chest, as if she wanted to touch my soul with it. 
	"She mustn't know we went down" her voice trembles.
	"I…I was not going to tell her" I only need to look at her eyes to know that she is talking about Constance.
	"Good, because I have a feeling that I won't be telling her much from now on." 
	Elizabeth's look is half suspicious, half ashamed. I don't understand why she said that.
	"You heard what Tristan said. About what's going on?"
	"So?"
	Elizabeth takes me to some dark corner, like if she wanted to make sure no one could hear our conversation.
	"Goddesses always had a better shot at finding the shadows, in all past regencies at least one shadow bounded to a Goddess.”
	She takes a long breath, as if every word she was saying was punishing her.
	"Constance hasn't stopped talking about them for the last years. The first time she had a female Immortal something went wrong, she does not like to mention that, but I know it still hurts, deep inside her. "
	"The crossed out name from the wall?"
	"Yes. Malenie. She was her favorite. "
	"Alright…" There's too much information that I don't know that it's too hard to concentrate. I don't understand a word of what she is saying. I don't know what the shadows are, and yet she keeps mentioning them as if everyone knew about their existence. "I don't…" 
	She gasps hopelessly.
	"So, Alex, what if she wants me to find them and get it right this time?”

CHAPTER 22
	 "What are the shadows anyway?"
	The tiny streets of the old city of Barcelona are empty and my voice sounds louder than it really is. Elizabeth stares at me with that look of hesitation on her face that keeps reminding me that something is wrong. I don't want to get her on trouble, and maybe that's exactly what she would be facing if she told me about the deepest secrets of her world. So after a couple of minutes of silence I start walking towards the underground station that stands nearby, frustrated and surprisingly mad at her. She wants me to open up, she wants my total trust, and yet she gives me neither.
	"Where are you going?"
	"To sleep. If you don't trust me, I don't need to be here" I am tired of not knowing what I am going through, too tired.
	She doesn't come to get me, and I don't turn back, the night is over for both of us. We don't say goodbye, why should we?
	The tube is so crowded that I can't stop feeling uncomfortable; there are so many couples cuddling around and so many people getting ready to party that I get off at the following station. I don't need to feel more miserable than I already do. It is a long walk home, but some walking will be great to put all my thoughts together. 
	The city is at twilight, and there's less than a handful of people along the way. I suddenly find myself thinking about when I should tell Elizabeth what happened last year. I have never told anyone about it, and perhaps she should be the first to know from my own telling. I only hope Constance won't tell her before I do, but I need to be ready, reviving it won't be easy. I will wait for the right moment. 
	The cold breeze of the night is already here and I still have a long way to go before I get to the residence. I start running and while I do so I try to picture the situation, there's a whole other world underneath my feet, and for all I heard, these people walking or running near me could be Gods in search of those mysterious shadows that Tristan and Elizabeth have been talking about. That makes me think that perhaps I've been too harsh on Elizabeth and that I should not have left in such a way. I hope she understands that all this is too much to take in. At least I am no longer terrified to be with her, and that's even more terrifying if I think about it, after all, she is going to kill me.
	When I get in my room Jay is lying on his bed wearing nothing but his underwear. The shower is running and the fun look on his face tells me everything I need to know. 
	"Can I stay?" I ask as if I was a total stranger
	"Of course you can, you live here" he smiles and sits on his bed "So, how was it?" the stupid voice he is using makes me nervous.
	"Life changing" I fake a smile, still thinking about everything that happened in The Atlas. I won't let him read my thoughts, so I enjoy the suspicious look on his face. I sit back, take my book about the Immortals and read a random page.
	The shower stops and the door opens, I should not look, I know, but an unexpected moment of curiosity makes me drop the book accidentally and I am surprised to see Jessica, the neighbor, walking out of my room with nothing but a towel wrapped around her body.
	"Seriously?" I ask without even looking at Jay.
	"Yeah" he pauses "life changing."
	I want to stand up and make him swallow the volume, but I don't, I just try to avoid laughing. Jay falls asleep before I can finish reading one paragraph in the book, and finally, I am alone, or as alone as I can be. I turn to the beginning of the book, hoping to find a reference to the Shadows, but after a close look, and a complete study of all the topics dealt in the volume, there's no reference to what I'm looking for. I leave the book back on my night table, filled with disappointment. 
	I would contact Elizabeth, it would be as easy as simply calling her on my thoughts, but I stop myself before doing it, perhaps she will do it. That's perhaps the most selfish idea I've had in a very long time, but given the situation, she is clearly the one taking the lead, so I might as well wait for her to call me, so to speak.
	It seems that the best way to avoid thinking in this room is to have a nice, calm, and relaxing hour under the pouring water. I have been in the shower more or less since Jay fell asleep and the one thing I don't want to do is get out. It is so incredible that after years and years of reading all this books about fantasy heroes and watching films about Zeus and all those stories, I'm suddenly part of it. It's too bad I won't go down as part of history, I think they should have a list of "mortals that helped create our society" or something like that. Clearly, the shower helps, I would never joke about that myself. But everything has come to a point where I can't prevent any of this from happening, so I will just make the most of it. As in history, there's always someone who has to sacrifice himself in order for others to become something. That, I am sure, is my goal in life. I will be a drop of silver life, attached to Elizabeth's soul. 
	I get back in my bed, with no intention of doing anything but finally going to sleep. Tomorrow I have class and it's only three weeks before Christmas, so my exams will be here soon and all the resting in the world won't be enough to at least try not to make a fool of myself when they arrive.  If I die next February, I want to go out as clean as possible, and failing my exams will clearly not help.
	"Good night, Alex."
	I smile when I hear the sound of her voice in my head. My heart starts beating so hard that I fear I will be awake all night, but I do my best and before I can think of the words, I am sleeping.
	The wet ground again. There's mud on my head, and my hands are stuck on the floor. I feel like in a vantage point and everyone is staring at me. The unknown figure with the green eyes is looking at me with a sadistic smile on her face. The long dark hear waves with the air and when I try to stand, she stabs my heart so fiercely that I die, almost instantly.
	The dream.
	I feel the blade of the knife entering my skin and the back of my head wet and full of black, deathly mud. The stabbing pain in my chest disappears in a couple of minutes and I can breathe again. I wake up, and take a cold shower to make sure I am really awake and not just sleeping. 
	When I look into the mirror and I see my green eyes I almost jump of fear, it takes me some seconds to analyze the situation and remember that everything is fine. At least as good as it can be. 
	My classes today are more interesting than ever, for some reason I am paying much more attention than I used to do a couple of weeks ago. I barely had problems with Constance other than some insulting comments that where obviously addressed to me, but I guess I couldn't care less. 
	After her class I walk straight to my next lesson and I am impressed to see how many people are gathering around the Christmas party posters, making plans already. It's three weeks away, just after the exams, and for what I've been hearing, some girls are already making plans to go shopping to look, as they put it, "so terrific that no star could ever beat us".  I would like to be so naïve as well, unfortunately, I think I know too well the world I live in now. I give more importance to living the day, rather than organizing my life around a party that will only last five minutes, because after that, everyone will be so drunk that no matter how nice you look, everyone will be exactly the same: drunk students pretending that their lives are much more interesting than the ones of those around them.
	Elizabeth doesn't show up at the following class and even though I would have liked seeing her, it makes me be more attentive. 
	"Excuse me?" someone touches my shoulder on my way out. It's my neighbor Jessica. "Hi."
	Awkward.
	"Oh hi" I try my best to look nice and comfortable.
	"I wanted to apologize about yesterday."
	That just makes it even more uncomfortable.
	"It's quite alright" I say mimicking Tristan's words from when I almost touched his soul. 
	"Thanks" she says, and before I turn away and start walking again she gives me a couple of tickets. "For the Christmas party.”
	"Thank you, but I don't think I will be going."
	"Take them, in case you want to come, it's the least I can do."
	I take the tickets politely and thank her once more, then I make some excuse up and run away from the conversation. My first instinct is to throw the tickets away but before I get to the garbage can, I reconsider it, and put them in my front pocket. 
	When I get to my next class I see a note on the door that says that my literature teacher is not coming today. Good, I didn't have a chance to read whatever it was we had to read for today's class so I'm quite relieved. 
	I leave the university building, put my headphones back on and start walking as I listen to some U2. Their music keeps me alive, that's the way I picture music: it can either put me off or keep me alive. I personally don't care about greatest hits albums, they usually get it all wrong so what I do is my personal set list and simply hope it will work to build up my mood for the moment. 
	Walking through Barcelona is like witnessing thousands of different stories at the same time, and the longer I live here, the more amazing it gets. The mixture of people walking near you is such that I could go from one side of the world to the other just by asking the names of the people I have in front of me. I am glad I have one of these days in which I don't think about myself, I just want to get home, get on with my homework, study, and whish that tomorrow will be just like today. 
	With no self-regret, and worries about what's going to happen next, I go on.

CHAPTER 23
Classes again, and still no sign of Elizabeth. I didn't have a chance to ask Jay about her when I got back to the residence yesterday, he wasn't there either. I am starting to worry, and I can't stop wondering if they would feel something like this if I were to disappear. Probably they would, but not for what I consider the right reason. 
	"Are you there?"
	No answer. 
	Whatever it is she is doing, I hope it doesn't go on for much longer. 
	My grammar class is as boring as it usually is, although I try my best not to let my mind flew elsewhere. It is no secret to anyone in the class that I am an American so there's a general assumption that I don't need that lesson. I can't say they are wrong, but it would be nice if it was a little bit more challenging. However, I really can't focus on the board or on what the teacher is saying. I only think about my last minute with Elizabeth, I revise it over and over again.
	I get back at lunchtime and luckily Jay is in the room eating something while reading, again, my book about the immortals. I am at least a little bit relieved to see that he has not vanished.
	"I literally cannot believe that you bought this piece of junk."
	"I literally cannot believe that you keep reading it" I drop my bag on the ground and go straight to my bed. It's been a tiring day. "So, where were you yesterday?"
	"With Elizabeth, and she thinks the same about the book".
	I stand up immediately.
	"Why, what happened? Is she alright?!" I might have been too euphoric, I didn't want to look desperate, well done Alex.
	"Hey man, take it easy" he looks at me with that look on his face, like trying to say «you loving boy» "she's fine, everything's fine."
	"So why hasn't she been attending class?"
	"I don't think that's your concern.”
	I take the book from his hands.
	"Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize it was not my concern. Do accept my apologies."
	I leave the room closing the door as hard as I can. I walk towards the aisle and straight into the dining room. There's some of the other students of the residence having lunch, I look at them and with a shy nod I salute them. I put some food on my tray, go to a lonely table at the corner of the room and start eating without even looking at the food. Jay's comment was so excluding that I don't want to be near him right now. It's only after I have finished half of my food that I realize that I brought the book with me. It's on the table and I suddenly feel a great need to open it up and read it. It's like an instinct thing, I know exactly where I have to open it: first section, prologue. And there it is.
	It is believed that mythology is a collection of stories that people gathered up to explain all natural phenomena that could affect their daily life. That is a wrong conception of the origin of mythology which could not be further away from its true origin. 	Gods, rulers of the world, began to feel the need to populate their creation that was the earth they looked at from up above. And so they did. 
	They mixed with the people that, thousands of years after being brought to life, were using the land of the Gods as their home. But they could not show their true selves, for the people were different. Those living on earth were not special, they had no powers and every day was a challenge. Life was a path that leaded them to death, an unknown destiny to the ones living above. 
	The lords amongst Gods, envious of that they couldn't have, decided that they would use the mortal souls to become more like them, to be able to experience the transience of life. 
	When the mixing happened, the three God lords vanished and casted their shadows away, keeping all their powers and sovereignty hidden from the rest of Immortals, until the moment when the shadows of the lords could be released, and so a new era of Regency, of temporary sovereignty would begin amongst Gods. When the life of mankind would be at its most weak, and that who cannot die shall rule the earth once more.
	"Never underestimate the power of a prologue" I have no idea if she's been sneaking around while I was reading, hopefully she will understand the meaning of my thought.
	"Doing your ancient studies essay?"
	It's one of the boys sitting at the back of the class, one of the many whom Constance used to embarrass me.
	"Yes."
	"Well, it was due long ago" he looks at me with a sadistic smile. 
	"Ms. Adkins gave me another due date, with a suitable penalization for the delay" this is perhaps the first time I speak to someone to whom I've never spoken before in such a way. I'm tired of Constance's restless attempts to make my feel expendable. If he is still under her spell, he does not deserve a moment of my attention
	He leaves me alone with my food and my book. The dining room empties in a matter of minutes, but I'm not moving. I keep going over and over the same page, making sure I've understood every bit of information written on it. 
	When I want to stand up and go back to the room I remember what Elizabeth said about Constance's possible plans. If the shadows are the lost God lords, and Elizabeth were to find them, she would become the ruler of my world, and The Atlas, and of every immortal living on earth, at least for as long as the regency lasted. 
	Back in the room I try to avoid talking to Jay, he is reading something and making notes here and there. If I didn't know him, I'd say he is doing some sort of university project. I go to the bathroom to have some minutes with myself and try to talk to Elizabeth again. It doesn't work. I feel like the connection between us has disappeared. A part of me feels lonely, while the other part feels relieved. Could it be that now that I can't communicate with her, I am going to avoid my ill-fated destiny? I look at myself in the mirror and the sight of those green eyes draws me back to the reality, there's no going back. It's been over a month and I still can manage to look at the mirror and not feel terrified. 
	"What are you playing at?" my question is full of anger and disappointment, I don't know why, but I feel betrayed. "You told me to trust you, you told me to stay, that everything was going to be alright as long as I stayed with you." 
	The week goes by, and I am still alone, she hasn't come back for me. The feeling is that of when I used to think just to myself and to no one else. Being back to normal is not as rewarding as I expected, I miss her voice in my head, even though I know where that would eventually lead me. She has given me the strength to go on, and it is only now that she is not here that I know it.
	I would remain still in this very spot as long as a lifetime would be, waiting for Elizabeth to answer, but I can't feel anything related to her, she is not here. I keep on trying to talk to her, thinking anything that could draw her attention or at least give me a clue so I know she is alright. But again, that doesn't happen.
	After a long wait with no answer, I respectfully say goodbye to her. But just for now. She has taught me not to quit, to never give up; because that is what people do, we stand for those we care most. 
	"I'll stick with you, no matter what, until the end."

CHAPTER 24
She hasn't returned.
	It's been two weeks and I haven't had news from Elizabeth since the day we visited The Atlas. Jay refuses to tell me anything about her and he is even starting to push me back. He looks at me with that look, I don't feel welcomed around him and every time I try to start a conversation he leaves the room or just vanishes for a couple of hours. 
	I don't know how worried I should be, for now I only know that the dreams are fading away and that for the first time in months I've slept the night through without waking up screaming or sweating with my body full of bruises or unbearable pain. 
	I am leaving in less than two weeks, and I would have liked a proper farewell. After all, what we three have lived during these months is not something that people experience regularly. 
	Regardless of what they might think, I am not going to waste my last two weeks in Barcelona wandering around as a lost soul trying to find Elizabeth or trying to get Jay to talk to me. I've done my best; these notes are proof of it. I am not a quitter; that I know. But I am not a living dead person, not anymore.
	Alex, still alive.
	My exams are coming and I know I should be spending my free time —which makes for my entire day lately— studying, but I can't concentrate, the pages of notes I have on my desk go blurry every time I put myself to it. The words won't flow and everything I learn disappears within minutes. I need some distraction, some fresh air, something that this tiny room has not given me for over two weeks, even though I could say I've been living alone in it. It's been five days since I last saw Jay. 
	I open the window and take a look at the street, there's people lying in the grass, I am thinking that I could do the same, I feel like if I was in drugs, some drugs that forced me to prove me capable of having other relationships, other than the ones I just lost. Maybe I will regret doing it, but right now, I can't think of a better plan, I will prove myself capable. I owe that to myself, they owe that to myself.
	Unable to think of anything else, I call Ingrid, but she is not in town. That's when the chance arrives, the chance to let myself know that I am better than this lonely boy I've become.
	I find a familiar face standing in the corridor. Jessica's mother is right outside her daughter's room. She is dresses in black as the last time, and the thought-to-the-millimeter combination of accessorizes and style hypnotizes me. She notices that I am standing on the middle of the corridor and with a sweet smile she waves, she clearly remembers knocking at my door.
	"Merry Christmas" she says with a gentle voice "I still hope to see you at the party."
	"Thank you" I say trying not to look at her "I…" yeah, why not.” I will go. That is if I find someone to go with."
	She raises her white and glamorous sunglasses and stares at me with her dark eyes. She smiles again and then she nods. 
	"I am quite sure you will, my boy. A handsome man like you should not have a problem for that. "
	I blush. I nod and a moment after I am crossing the main door. I am outside, surrounded by people seating on the grass in groups, studying or simple hanging out, which is more likely. Among them, I can see Jessica, she looks at me and stands up quickly enough to catch me before I leave for a stroll. After all, my idea to sit around so many unknown people proved to be way too much for a start. 
	"Hey!" She joins me and walks right by my side.
	"Hello."
	"Merry Christmas.”
	"You are one week ahead of time, you know that, right?" I try my best to make sure that she understands that I'm joking.
	"Yeah I know. Have any plans yet?"
	"No…Your mother just reminded me about the party."
	"My mother?" she asks surprised
	"Yes, she was right in front of your room."
	She looks back, staring at what I think is her room window.
	"I didn't see her get in! Probably I was too much into studying" She looks back again. "Well, I'll guess I'll be seeing you around in campus."
	"Well, we are neighbors.”
	"Not for long, mum is moving to Barcelona because she has a great feeling about the bar, so there's no reason for me to live here anymore."
	"Oh, I see. Take care then."
	"Thanks" she leaves. When she is mere meters away from me she turns and shouts. "I want to see you at the Christmas party!"
	I smile back at her, and when she is finally gone I start walking, heading nowhere in particular.  I am surprised of how well that conversation went, for a moment I felt like if she was my friend, or at least someone who could likely become one in the future. I regret not having been more open to people during my staying here, now it is just too late to make room for new people, but it's never too late to question all the mistakes that one has done. Perhaps if I could do it all over again it would be different, perhaps I would not even consider coming here. Whatever might have been, it makes no difference now, I can't change what's been done and even if I could, I am not sure I would. 
	It doesn't matter that I will be leaving in two weeks, Barcelona will always have a place in my heart. I will never forget its crowded streets and the beauty of the old city. There are so many places in the world that teach you things, but here, not only have I learned things, but  I've grown as a person, I know that, I can feel it, and when I leave, that will be the one thing that I'll be taking away.  
	The long walk helps me clarify some thoughts, to put some needed and urgent order in my head. It's been almost two weeks since I last spoke with Elizabeth, it's time for me to focus on other things. The reason I came here was to study, not to go back home in a worse personal state than when I left. This trip was intended to take me away from everything I had been trying to keep far from me for a year, and it succeeded, I can't ask for more. 
	Before I can enter the residence I see a shadow near the stone stairs. I know who that is, her long red hair is unquestionably unique. Jessica is sobbing right next to me and I could sneak into the building and nothing would happen, she has not seen me, but I can't do that, I bring myself to her and hope that I will not exacerbate things.
	"Are you ok?"
	She notices me and tries to hide the fact that she has been crying. She uses her jumper's sleeve to clean her face and with a fake smile she stands up.
	"Yeah, thank you…sorry, I can't remember your name"
	"Alex" I say, smiling. "Are you sure you are ok?"
	"I am" She is trembling and the words are hardly audible.
	"Let's go inside and eat something, shall we?" I take her around my arms and lead the way into the dining room, which fortunately is empty. 
	After a couple of minutes of dead and uncomfortable silence she starts talking. Her mother is not being really open minded about some personal affairs of hers that I feel too shy to ask about, but what is troubling her the most is that her date for the party won't be able to attend, so she has been left alone. I take the following minutes considering the pros and cons about the situation, and after a careful study of them I make up my mind. I don't want any more «what ifs» in my life.
	"I'll go with you" The words just come out of my mouth fully formed, I guess that means that deep inside I was going to use them, although probably not with Jessica.
	She looks at me like if she had not heard a word of what I just said. 
	"You don't have to do this" she says politely before standing out with the intention of leaving.
	I stand up right after her and propose again. I imagine what it would have been like asking Elizabeth out. Then the words flow again, but it's my mind speaking up, not me.
	"I really mean it" I lie, I needed a punch to realize that if I ever wanted to attend the party I only wanted to do it with Elizabeth. This is not just a punch, this is me throwing myself off a cliff and shouting out loud «I'm dumb». 
	"Thank you, Alex" She smiles and then goes quietly back to her room. 
	I am left in the dining room all by myself, thinking about what I just did, I was trying to prove myself capable of getting close to people, and aside from that, I proved that I feel something that I have never felt before. 
	The room is still empty, Jay has not returned. I throw myself on the bed and I fall asleep thinking about what would have happened if I had told Elizabeth what my feelings were, thinking if it would have made any difference. 

CHAPTER 25
In a room with no lights at all, I stand alone. All my fears are gone and the desperate thought of Elizabeth's disappearance seems to be only a distant memory. 
	"Hello?"
	The eco of my voice comes back to me, but it is saying something else, something I can't understand. 
	There is an enormous white wooden door in front of me. I walk across the room, one step after the other, carefully watching where I tread on. I am lighter than a feather right now, I am the most vulnerable I have ever been, but I am not worried, not at all. That's when I realize that whatever it is that is happening, it's not real.
	The creaky sound of the door marks the entrance to another place, another room, this one dark and cold, full of anger and terror, full of what I've been feeling in the real world for far too long. The door closes behind my back and I know that all I can do is go forward, through the limitless room.
	The cold, freezing, air makes my whole body shiver. I can't see where I am, only three lights show up in the distance and the rest is pure blackness, my fear rises. Like so many times before this one, the wet mud, now under my bare feet, brings me back to a place I know, this is where I die. 
	I start walking, there's absolutely no sound around me. The killing silence provokes an unbearable squeaking in my ears that will only end with my own death. I keep on walking, something I never had the chance to do here. I can see some bench like shapes in the distance, but there's a mist that blocks off my eyesight. There's just one thing I know for sure, this is a colossal place that would make the most powerful person in the world look ridiculous. 
	Suddenly, there's ghostly figure in front of me, the one that has been stalking me in my sleep for the past months. She is wearing a black dress that flutters in the wind like if it was an evil spirit. The faceless body looks at me from the distance, all I can make out are the two terrifying green haloes coming from her eyes. My body is paralyzed, now everything looks familiar. She is getting closer, her bare feet are moving faster with every passing second, and she will be by my side sooner than I would have wanted. 
	She opens her deformed mouth and a creaky sound comes out of it. I can feel her face almost grazing mine, her skin is cold as ice and when I feel it. My whole body goes as cold as hers. 
	She puts one hand on my chest and presses it with all her strength, I can feel my heartbeat stopping, my forces are disappearing and my life is going away. My legs give out and I fall so slowly that I relive all the dreams that came before this one, trying to find a way out of it. But I can't, there's no going back. 
	Her torn dress is ripping away from her body. She stands in front of me and when nothing can cover her damaged body, she pulls a knife out of nowhere as she draws an unnerving smile at me. Her pale hand risen in the air tells me that my life is once again coming to an end. She drops her arm onto my chest and with a harrowing sound the blade of the knife enters my body and slays my heart for good.
	But I don't die.
	She takes me to a new place, a familiar place. The red painted walls and stairs can't hide the true nature of the room, I am home, my real home. But still my ears are condemned to eternal silence with only the disturbing beeping to keep them alive. In the distance I can make out a shadow, held against the wooden wall in the living room. My mother is hanging out of a rope, still living, trying to resist the imminence of her death. I scream to the top of my lungs but no sound comes out of my mouth. She can see me, she is staring right at me, and the shy smile on her face proves that at least she is relieved, she is not alone.  I run straight to her with the only intention of liberating her from her killing trap, but I can't help her, I can't touch her, If I put my hands on her they disappear, like if I were an all seeing spirit that just appeared in front of her to guide her through her final steps. 
	The ill-fated ghostly figure behind me touches my arm and before I can turn to wave goodbye, my mother is gone, and so am I. 
	She has brought me back to my room; it's not red but pure black, and everything looks like if it had been set on fire. She leaves the room and I follow her, the whole building is burnt and the flames are devouring everything they find on their path. Still, I feel nothing, not even a burning on my feet. I walk behind her trying to understand what is it that she wants me to see, but all I can picture is my mother hanging from a rope in the middle of my dining room, back home. Suddenly I feel tears in my eyes, and in my face. We are climbing the stairs that lead to the roof of the residence, the door is open and the exterior is pale white, the scorching flames are not around me anymore and I am completely sure that I am in an utterly different place. 
	She walks me to the edge of the roof and with the same haunting smile she used right before she stabbed me, she points down to the street. There, I can see everyone I ever cared about, dead and torn to pieces, covered with blood and some of them still agonizing. On top of them, Elizabeth looks at me, straight into my soul and I know that she is down there because of me. The freezing blade rips my body again and I fall in the distance, to oblivion, to darkness. To death.
	 I wake up screaming. My hand's pressed to my chest, holding my heart and breathe as if I just came back to life from a painful and longtime agonizing death. My eyes see everything as black as it was in my dream, the room is empty and I can't focus on the walls that surround me, I feel like in a dangerous rollercoaster where everything moves and I am not attached to a seatbelt to protect me. I'm spinning, but the image of those corpses lying on the street comes back to me as real as it was in the dream, I can't stay in the room any longer, I have to make sure that it was just a dream and not real. I run across the now longer than ever corridor that stands between my room and the stairs to the terrace. I can hear the thunder outside, and the lightings draw strange and terrifying shadows along the way, but I don't lose sight of what I want, I don't care about the storm, I need to get to the terrace.
	I climb the stairs as fast as I can, some of them are wet because the windows are wide open, as is the door to the patio. The lighting and the thunder make me more confused than what I already was. The dizziness from the dream is nothing but increasing and by the time I reach the door to the stage of my dream, I am not sure I can call the difference between what's real and what is not. 
	When I cross the door I go straight to the edge of the terrace, the swamped floor stands between me and the place where I will be sure that all I saw was a dream. I'm so close to the edge that I can see all those bodies again, clearer than ever, particularly Elizabeth's body, on top of all the others. She looks at me and reaches for my hand, as if she wanted me to join them. I come back to reality -or my version of it- when I notice that something is off. My right foot slips and I lose control of my body. The next thing I am sure about is that it was indeed, just a dream. My knees crash against the metal railing and my whole body weight goes over it.
	 For a short moment, I think I'm flying. I am hanging from the edge. The fall would have been deadly but fortunately I was able to grab the railing. 
	I scream as hard as I can, but the thunder mutes my struggle to get rescued. This –I think– is the moment I die. If I slip and fall from the roof, there's no way I can walk out of it, I'll break my neck on the act.  
	I start to feel how my hands lose their strength, for more than five minutes I've been holding all my weight from here and my numb hands won't hold me for much longer. I am out of options and screaming is the only one I can keep on using, until my hands give in.
	"Help" I think to myself 
	I scream for the very last time.
	My hands begin to shake, my whole body trembles and my voice is no longer useful. My hands can't anchor me to the building, to my life, anymore. It's like the railing is no longer there. 
	I will soon be the first of the many corpses I saw on the street below my feet.
	Finally, my hands give in, and I fall into the void. 

CHAPTER 26
Someone grabs my hand before I disappear into the darkness. Whoever it is on the other side pulls me up and over the railing. I remain on the ground, trying to recover my extinct breath. I don't want to open my eyes, I am too terrified to do so and realize that I am actually dead and I just arrived to whatever place awaits for us. 
	"I told you not to put my plans in danger" That voice… I know it.
	But it can't be. Not her.
	I open my eyes slowly, and the figure of the woman stands out in the darkness. The lighting shows her face, showing dangerous traces of hate and fury through the horrid look she is giving me. 	
	Constance has come to my aid, not Elizabeth, or Jay. I need some time to process it. Have they forsaken me to my own luck? I try to stand, but I can't.  She stands there in front of me, not moving, not even blinking. She looks at me with so dark eyes that I keep wishing for my death to arrive right now.
	Finally, she puts her hand on my shoulder and in just a thought, I am lying on the dry –and more comfortable– floor of my room.
	"May I ask what you were trying to achieve by throwing yourself from the roof?"
	"I did not… The dream, I just wanted to…"
	"Throw yourself from the roof and ruin Elizabeth's future."
	"She ruined mine" I whisper, regretting I said that just after doing so.
	Constance approaches me and with the sharp end of her boot she makes me roll over and lie on my back. She kneels in front of me and grabs my face with her two pointy and skinny fingers.
	"I warned you" she mouths the words very calmly, so I can understand everything she is saying "I won't let you damage her."
	"Like you once did?" I ask, recalling what Elizabeth told me about Constance's previous female protégée. 
	With my eyes fixed on her long enough to see her fury grow sufficiently big to destroy the world, she crashes my head against the floor and knocks me out for the rest of the night.
	When I wake up I see Jay's fern eyes fixed on me. He is standing in the corner of the room and doesn't move. He only stares at me, and even though I am wide awake, he remains still. He is hardly recognizable, his body looks bigger, and stronger. I stand up, feeling the pain thorough my body, I am sure that I could count the bruises I have without even looking at them. My legs shake constantly and my knees don't seem to be able to hold my weigh, so before I fall down, I sit on my bed.
	"Welcome back" I say brining my hand to the back of my head, there's no blood; Constance didn't hit me as hard as I thought.
	"I'm not back, I only came to make sure you were not dead."
	"Yet" I correct him.
	"Exactly" he looks at me with his emotionless face, making me feel worthless of his time, and my life.
	We both keep our thoughts to ourselves, talking is not worth the effort right now, I am more concerned about what happened last night.
	"I'll be seeing you."
	"Wait" I say as quickly as I can. "Do you always do this? Or is it just because of me?"
	"Do what?" he sounds completely different, I've known him long enough to be sure, he's not the Jay I've been living with.
	"Asking people to trust you and then leaving them on their own, like if they were some piece of nothing that did not matter."
	He comes closer, so close that I could touch him if I raised my hand towards him.
	"I apologize, if we ever made you feel important to us" He disappears afterwards.
	My whole world is brought to pieces by that final statement. The conviction in his words and his voice tone were such that I believe what he said. I am nothing, I was nothing from the very beginning, nothing but an animal that was more fun to hunt if he believed that he mattered. 
	"She will kill you too!" I scream to the top of my lungs "She has never cared about you more that she cared about me! You are just another piece on that shitty puzzle!" I stop to breathe “That's the only thing you can do, Kill.
	I stop again to look around the room and see if anything of what I said got to his mind or ears. Apparently it didn't, not to his. 
	Suddenly, a force as powerful as an earthquake throws me against the wall, I hit myself almost in every bruise from the night before. It happens again, and with me, half of the objects in the room fly against the walls.
	"Shut up."
	"Elizabeth?" I ask, almost shouting. She was here, momentarily, but here, with me. I call once more for her even though I know I will get no answer. 
	The last hit against the wall has opened up some of last night cuts and bruises and I am bleeding enough to start feeling dizziness. 
	I stand up holding myself against the wall and walk to the bathroom. I take my blooded clothes off and carefully step into the shower. When the water hits my body my bruises sting, I do my best to contain a painful grunt but I can't help my legs from giving out once more. My knees hit the shower's floor, resulting in terrible pain and a hideous sound. Half of my body is in terrible pain and the other half is absent, like if it wasn't more than mere clay, dispossessed of all life. The water keeps pouring on me and I don't feel the pain of my bruises anymore, I'm blacking out. I can't stand this any longer. I can't fight anymore. I fall on my back and I lose sight of the world, leaving nothing but the dark of my eyes and the pouring water between me and the moment of my undoing.
	When I open my eyes I feel like if months had gone by since I stepped into the shower. My body is still wet, with water so cold that I can't stop trembling. My back hurts from lying on this icy ground for hours, and standing up becomes an impossible task to fulfill. One of my legs is completely asleep, I can't feel it and I can barely move it. I walk out the bathroom with nothing but the towel I picked up when I stepped out of the shower. 
	The room is as empty as it was, nothing here reminds me of a life, or a nice experience. My mind is playing too many games with me, I even see the walls getting closer to each other, pushing me out of my own reality. It takes a while, but I finally focus on what is real and what it is not and I start walking towards my bed. I pass the exact place where Constance hit me and I sit on the soft bed that has been keeping my nightmares for all this time. 
	I look at the bed table, and the haunting pages of that book look at me, I know it, that's why I am here right now, like this, because I knew too much. So I take the book and with an act of rage I rip it off in half. I have the cover on one hand and the rest of the book in the other. I would throw it away, trash it out, but something in me has been ripped off with that brown cover. Finally, and before doing something I could regret one day, I take out my suitcase and I put the remains of the rotten book in it, being this the moment when my life in Barcelona begins to end, and my way back home starts, with something as insignificant as the packing of a book.
	I lie on my bed, and with my eyes closed I think about all that happened during these past hours, and by the end of the very last memory, there's only one thing I can think to myself, proudly.
	"I'm still living."

CHAPTER 27
Dear Mr. Stills
These are the complete details of your flight reservation
FLIGHT NUMBER A470AB
ELECTRONIC 350559082
DATE & TIME / DECEMBER 23, 2013, 10:53 AM
ARRIVING / New York
TOTAL PRICE / 600.12 USD 
Thank you for your attention. 
American Airlines.
	One week.
	These past days I have not been myself, all the exams have taken my thoughts away to fill my head up with names and dates that I will probably never have to use again. Now that the last months here have been put to test, I can officially say that my life away from home is finished. My suitcase is on Jay's bed, as I presume he will not be back before I leave, I am just going to put it there to fill it up every day until the very last second. As for now, it is just half empty.
	I run into Jessica on my way back from the last exam, the one with Constance, which I am sure I will fail even though I deserve the highest grade in the class, if not by its content, it should be for what she's made me go through.  Unfortunately, Jessica remembers about my invitation to Christmas party, and my shyness and my desire of having a quiet final week make it impossible for me to politely withdraw my invitation. 
	"Yes" I say "I'll be in touch" I promise with one of those stupid smiles on my face.
	The arrangement is so weird that she will be the one picking me up, since she moved out last week and I have no idea of where she lives now, I do not object. 	However, if my mother ever knows about that, she will probably freak out, not that she is a very conservative person, but she likes all those corny things about the boy picking up the girl right before the dance. Well, I won't have that, and honestly, I wouldn't even have the dance if I was more of a selfish person.
	Neither Elizabeth nor Jay have given any sign of life for the last week, I have not even felt their presence as I used to do when they first disappeared. To my own surprise, I don't think about them all the time now either, which to a certain extent, I think it's good.
	I have a thousand unread emails from my mother, she is most likely going to kill me since I have been missing for the last weeks. I log into Skype and luckily for me, she is online. 
	"Where the hell have you been?!" she screams when I first appear on screen.
	"Hi mom" I say avoiding her first answer
	"Don't you "hi mom" me, little man. I was worried about you, Alexander!" she makes an ugly, dramatic, and more than usual pause- have you quitted eating?
	"No mom, I'm fine, I actually was very busy."
	She looks at me with a disapproval look.
	"My sweet boy" she is suddenly emotional "I am dying to see you."
	Dying, yeah, me too, I think after listening to her voice and realizing that the moment when all will go dark for me is approaching faster than I'd imagined.
	"My flight leaves on the 23rd, I was just sending you an email. Could you pick me up? "
	"Are you sure you don't prefer asking Dick, honey? You don't need to do this if you don't want."
	All of a sudden I realize how much I have missed her, after all, we only have one mother and I would lie to myself if I did not say that I want to see her badly.
	"Yes, I'm sure, that's why I came here for, remember?" I say smiling "Besides, I haven't heard of Richard ever since I left, so I'm guessing he would not be up for it."
	She smiles and tries to hide her need for crying.
	"23rd it is then, I'll be there."
	"Thank you mom."
	We spend the next half hour talking about nothing in particular, there's a lot we both need to catch up with. She tells me how the whole neighborhood is still trying to get hold to those Super Bowl tickets, some of them have even offered her incredible sums of money.
	"But I would not sell them!" She stands strong with her opinion even though I think she should have. 
	And after a long while, the question that I had been hoping she would not ask, came.
	"How is your sweet friend Elizabeth?" the smile on her face makes me think that she pictured me coming back home as an engaged boy. I talked about Elizabeth in my last email, but I didn't think she would remember about it. But since I disappeared for weeks, I guess she has probably been reading that email every now and then to keep telling herself that I was alright.
	"We fell apart" if you could consider it that way “a little."
	"That's too bad."
	Memories about the last months and my last days with Elizabeth start to come back and I know that it will be too hard to handle in front of my mom, so I make up an excuse to hang up and once I have, I leave the room and go outside to catch some fresh air. 
	"Why did you have to disappear? Why did you even approach me in the first place, you should have taken my soul right away, that was enough. Now the only thing you will get is the rotten shadow of what my soul once was, and that is just thanks to you. You asked for me to trust you, and I did. Now I ask the same from you, I am not going to suffer for you again, I am not going to risk anything for you again. My life is mine, and I am not going to waste it for you, not anymore. You have played me. I did trust you, the only one I've trusted in a very long time. 
	You will not hear from me again, not ever. What we had you ended the moment you disappeared. What we had, you killed. I once read that you immortals had a special ability to read people's minds, and I know you can do that better than any other, so I hope you are listening to everything I'm saying. I can't go on like this, knowing that you are hiding from me, somewhere. Waiting for the right moment. 
	You will not hear from me again, not ever.
	Trust me."
	

CHAPTER 28
Settling in was difficult, but moving out is harder. Almost everything is on its place now; my clothes are carefully packed along with some of the stuff I've bought throughout the whole semester, and the rest of my belongings are either in a backpack or on my bed, waiting to be stored. Only a handful of books remain on my desk, some of them are mine, the rest belong to the University library, I've had no time to take them back to where they belong lately, but I will do it before I leave. The room looks so empty that it feels bad being in here, as if I was a stranger, or in a white cell, with nothing to do or wish for. 
	Not even Jay's freaky posters are here anymore, whether he took them out or they just vanished, I don't know, but the white wall is everything my eyes get to see, and it makes me sad. Sad because so much has happened here, and after I go, no one will ever know it happened. Someone will live here next semester, maybe next week, and never could he imagine what happened here, how myths became real, how everything became possible.
	These three days will be special. I'll make the most of them, I will even try to enjoy the Christmas party. Whatever could have happened, it didn't, and now I'm free to live my last hours in Barcelona as freely as I desire. 
	I see the streets in a very different way, I've always noticed how they shed life to the people walking through them, but today I see the magic they hold, the inspiration they bring to me and the wish to remain walking them over and over again, with no intention of stopping. That's how magical I find it here. No monuments that I may have seen can match the beauty hidden in the narrow streets of the old city and the perfect geometry of the new one. Everything has made this a worth dying for experience; the city, the people, the living. I won't dream today, nor will I dream tomorrow, I'm more interested in real life today, and every day that follows. 
	It is on my way back that I hear my mother's voice in my head when I walk past a flower shop, I can hear her yelling at me «if you don't go and pick the poor girl up, the least you could do is buy her some flowers, you little man», I laugh afterwards, I remember when she used to use that voice tone, I miss it. I wonder what she would say now, although she is probably with David.
	I walk into the flower store and the lady behind the desk knows exactly that I have no idea of what I'm doing here. She speaks English, but not fluently. Eventually, and after a fair round of misunderstandings, I get a simple and yet nice pack of blue roses. I liked the colors, and I am glad I did not go for the typical red ones, I don't want to be boring from moment one. She tells me that my date will be most happy with my small token, I am glad she thinks so, as I am not confident about tonight.
	When I get back in the deserted room I realize that my last walk around Barcelona has taken me longer than I anticipated, so I get my clothes out, I make sure they look alright and not too stupid for a party, I put the flowers on the bed and walk straight into the bathroom. 
	I shower as quickly as I can, trying not to think about the pain of the bruises I have left, even though they are not many, they do still hurt. I am done in less than ten minutes. I know that Jessica will be knocking at my door anytime now and I don't want to keep her waiting; that would not be a good start.
	I walk out the shower and dress up with my black shirt and trousers, I am not used to wearing this kind of clothes so, out of curiosity, I look into the mirror to make sure I am not making a fool of myself. What I see is not a fool, but disturbs me even more. I get closer to the looking glass, as closer as I can. 
	My eyes.
	They are not green anymore.
	The long silence of horror is destroyed when the hard and repetitive knock in my door begins. I come back to myself with an undeniable shudder. I turn away, but my eyes remain in my memory, my no longer green eyes. I remember what Constance said the day they turned green. She said that I had bounded with Elizabeth, and that everything would go according to plan. Is that bounding over? Will Constance haunt me down as she said she would? 
	I can't think about anything right now, the knocking on my door is starting to irritate me so I quit thinking, I fake a smile and after grabbing the blue roses I open the door. Jessica is on the other side, wearing a long blue dress, it has no back and it looks really light and soft. She smiles at me and takes my flowers with a ridiculously beautiful smile. I can't say much, I'm speechless before her. She grabs my hand and kisses me in both chicks. 
	"They are lovely, Alex. Thank you" she says grabbing them harder.
	"That's nothing" I answer, mocking thousands of film dialogues.
	"Shall we get moving?"
	That's a good question, I was nervous all afternoon, and now I can hardly stand on my feet. If we stay here for much longer, I will probably have to sit down, and if we leave, it is likely I will run away. I just need to breathe, make all my thoughts disappear, I've done it before, and I know I will do it again.
	"Whenever you want" I offer her the lead, which she clearly enjoys. 
	I take a quick look to make sure that I don't leave anything important behind, like my keys. I would not want to spend the night outside the room. Out of the corner of my eye, I can see the ripped cover of the book, looking at me from my suitcase, as if it was a touch of destiny.
	"Not today" I think to myself, I've had enough of that crazy stuff. This night I'm just me, I'm just a mortal who hopefully will not regret having accepted an invitation to a perhaps too crowded party.
	"Thank you for going with me" I feel Jessica's arm grabbing mine strongly, as if she was making sure I am not going to leave her.
	I smile, whatever I could answer would hurt me for not being true, or would hurt her, for being so.
	I close the door behind my back, and walk the long corridor, and towards the other side of the road, where the pub is. 
	I don't look back. But deep inside my mind, I know that those green eyes will still stare at me, waiting for the right moment to attack, I know I am not free from danger. 

CHAPTER 29
I can hardly recognize the streets I walk through. The place where we are going is close to the residence and for what I can see everyone is going. Half of the people I see walk by my side at the university are walking by my side right now, wearing night dresses or nice suits. I know I should not be here, I don't mix well with this environment, but Jessica looks so relieved and happy to be here that it would be too rude for me to simply walk away now. I made a commitment and I will honor it, after all, I would have nothing else to do, other than contemplate the now empty place I live in.
	Jessica keeps getting closer and closer, she grabs my arm as if we were a couple, like if she wanted everyone to look at us. She used to be the most popular girl in the residence, at least out of the ones that came from abroad, and after her date bumped her she's been so lonely that it looked as if she was pretending to be me 
	Suddenly, the loud music invades my body. I can't hear the people murmuring as we pass them, not even can I hear them scream to the rhythm of the weird song playing inside the building. The neon lights make it impossible to distinguish any other color that has not been designed by some technological maniac that thinks that those lights are either nice, sophisticated or interesting. 
	"How do you like the place?" Jessica asks me with the proudest smile I have ever seen in someone's face. For a moment, I forgot that after all that is hers, and that she probably had something to do with the design.
	"I will have to get used to the lighting" I answer politely "I'm not a regular at discos."
	She smiles and cuddles my arm once more. She leads me to the main entrance and the huge man standing in front of the door –now covered by his body– makes us go through without even waiting or making sure we have a ticket with us. 
	"Advantages of being the owner's daughter" Jessica says loudly enough so that those waiting to enter hear her. 
	"Alex!" someone jumps on me as I enter the place. 
	"Ingrid!" I am glad to see her here, I am not that alone, after all.
	"You came with the owner's daughter? Way to go!"
	I smile at her, she is wearing a beautiful yellow dress that makes her look incredibly different, like a totally different person. Someone grabs her arm, the mocking boy from class, Constance's puppet. There's nothing else for me here. Jessica pulls my arm, and I wave goodbye to my much missed friend. 
	I must admit that they have achieved quite a remarkable place to entertain people with the loud music and the stupid moving lights. There are so many bar tenders that I don't even know who is a guest or who is working in here. 
	"Everyone wearing the white shirt with the red string in the middle is working here, so if you want something, just look for them. It's on the house" Jessica blinks after the quick introduction of the scenario. "The least I could do, I guess."
	"Oh you shouldn't worry about that” I look around, scared as I used to be when I was around Elizabeth at the beginning, not feeling comfortable. "I did not come with you to get free drinks."
	She seems surprised.
	"Why did you, then?"
	There's an awkward moment of silence between us. Why have I come, after all? Whatever the real reason is, I don't think I know, or better yet, I don't think I want to know. However, she is expecting an answer, I can tell from the look in her eyes, and another lie would clearly make me show discomfort.
	"To have fun, sweetheart" the imposing voice of a woman makes me turn. "I'm glad to see you here, young man." Jessica's mother looks as nice and beautiful as she did both times I met her. She stands in front of us, still wearing her shades "Won't you formally introduce me, darling?"
	Jessica smiles with the embarrassment any daughter would show in the situation and raises both her hands, which are suddenly pointed at me.
	"Mom, this is Alex, from class."
	"University" I say "We don't really go to class together."  Jessica gives me a killer look and I know that I am not required to speak again.
	"Well Alex, it's a pleasure. You can call me Alma."
	Jessica smiles, as if she was happy that the introductions were done and we would be moving on to somewhere else.
	"Be seeing you, mother. We are meeting some friends over there" she pulls me with her. "Bye."
	"What friends?" I whisper to her ear.
	"I just wanted to lose her.”
	Oh I see. I am not sure I am enjoying myself. So far, Jessica has shown everyone that she is in charge, and she has dismissed her mother as if she was an employee. That makes me realize that I would have probably stuck around with my mother, and my date… I'm hopeless. Again, I know that I should have not agreed to come.
	Partying is not my strong suit, nor is dancing, and Jessica is doing her best to make me hit the right moves at the right time, but I keep failing. Why not just play a real song, like those our parents used to have back in the day? Where's Janis Joplin when you need her? In moments like this, I thank my mom for the cultural education she gave me. There's hardly a record in my house produced in the 2000s, unless it is by a band or singer from the 70s or 80s, of course. Whatever the case, what is being played here right now makes me want to leave even more, if that's possible. 
	"I'll be right back" Jessica kisses me softly before I realize she was talking. Something moves inside me, this is not right at all, I know I shouldn't have come. I need Elizabeth, what have I done? "Don't go anywhere, you are mine" she says smiling.
	I stand alone, watching the people move around me in slow motion, I should not be here. I sit on one of the benches, next to a couple making out in the middle of the crowd. I focus on a particular spot on the wall in front of me and wait for the time to speed up. But that doesn't happen.  Instead, the slow motion effect goes on and on, only distinguishing Ingrid's yellow dress from the crowd. After some minutes, and emerging from the crowd, I can see Jessica holding two drinks. She hands one to me.
	"I don't drink. Thanks" I say as politely as I can.
	"Come one, please? Just one tiny sip, to celebrate Christmas. "
	I take the drink, and slowly rise it to my mouth. Its fresh content makes me shiver. It's sweet, and it certainly does have some alcohol. I think I have already had that before.
	"Cheers" we say at once.
	Jessica looks at me, smiling, she puts both drinks on one of the tables around us and pulls me from the coach.  When I stand up, the dizziness begins. And that's not the only thing that begins. 
	I feel it as far as my hometown is. At the other end of the bar, a new song has begun to play. A song I know too well to fail to recognize. 
	The river.
	My whole body starts to tremble. It's happening again, as it happened the day I listened to it coming back home, but that day I had Jay to pick me up and help me. 	Now, I am alone.
	I block my mind again, and with it, my body and senses.
	"Alex! Hey Alex!" Jessica keeps shouting my name while shaking me. I listen to her, but I can't talk, and hardly move.
	I feel her hands grabbing me and walking me out of the room.
	"I need some air" I can finally make the words out.
	We keep moving, but we miss the front door.
	"Don't worry, you are going to be alright" she keeps telling me.
	She opens an almost hidden door in front of us and in we walk. She makes me hold myself against the wall. Her hands are touching my face, my forehead and finally my neck. I can feel her cold skin on top of mine. She looks at me, smiling.
	"You'll be ok. I'll go and look for help" She leaves the room, and I am left here. All by myself. Unable to move, to scream, or to clearly think. 
	I try to remember what happened last time, how Jay and Elizabeth helped me, now I can't handle it on my own. I should have taken that thorn out of me when I had the chance, that's why I came here, and I failed to do so. 
	Jessica is finally back and she is joined by her mother. Alma comes straight to me and holds my face, smiling as her daughter did minutes before her.
	"He is ready."
	"Are you sure?" Jessica asks in the most terrifying voice I've ever heard.
	Alma takes her shades off.
	The purest green I have ever seen shines in front of me.
	"Yes."
CHAPTER 30
The green terror from her eyes is pointed directly at me. With her eyes comes a strong force that keeps me trapped, unable to move or scream, leaving me with just my eyes to stare at the door that would grant me my freedom, but instead, tells me I'm nothing but the reward of a long and silent hunt. 
	"You did beautifully well, Jessica. I must admit that it took me a while to finally trust you would succeed."
	Jessica looks to the woman in front of me with a smile that shows nothing but how proud she is of herself. Now she looks at me, as if she could rip me off with her sight, I feel naked and vulnerable as a newborn. I have never been so exposed, so trapped, so lost. 
	The two women begin a conversation in front of me, one I can't hear because my ears are blocked, although I can't say if it is their doing or that I just don't want to know what they are talking about. However, the untiring eyes from both of them keep staring at me, they could be discussing how to finish me off, and end this ongoing nightmare. 
	End it. Finish my life with just a quick move, perhaps a more ceremonial death scene, but free me from this prison. The words sound so beautiful in my head right now that if I could speak I would nicely ask them to do it, right now. 
	"Now we only have to wait" I hear Alma say as if she was underwater, for the sound of her voice is so distant that I don't know if I understood what she said. "Constance's protégée will pay for what her leader did.”
	That must be Elizabeth, I feel something inside me. Something that for a moment has given me the strength to blink and almost make a sound, and reclaim my body. 
	"And you will be one step closer…"
	"Not a word!" Alma shouts with an unforgiving tone, her true intentions are not to be shared in front of me, or anyone I presume, because she is looking furious at Jessica, like if she had almost ruined her plans.
	The older woman walks towards me and puts her fingers under my chin, then she smiles. 
	"What a handsome piece of meat" she says sarcastically "you were way too much for that undeserving creature." 
	Undeserving creature, Constance's protégée… She is talking about Elizabeth like if she was a useless being that could not even earn the distinction to be considered human, or immortal. I can hear Alma's voice calling her a creature over and over, as an everlasting echo ready to repeat itself forever. The anger inside me grows to a limit that I have never known before. I close my eyes, I am ready to stand up for her. I can't go on pretending any longer. 
	We are bonded to one another, now I feel it more than ever. Now I understand why she needs my soul to become a Goddess, why she needs a willingly given soul. It's not about dying, it never was. She has opened her heart to me, and I failed to see that on time, but I do see it now. No, it's not about dying, it's about living forever, together, as one. With the perfection of a God, and the human fault.
	"She is no creature" I manage to articulate the words without much trembling, and although I know that I am too scared, I do not give up. "You are."
	I look at Jessica with the same fury and repulsion that one looks at a murderer. 
	"And loving, too" Alma claims laughing at me "Do you love her? Do you?" She is so close to me that I can feel her breath on my face. "Did she ever tell you how the process worked? How does a God take a human soul?"
	She must have read the answer on my face because she keeps smiling, knowing that she is the victor of the argument. 
	"I'll show you" she moves her head to Jessica and with a simple nod, the read headed beast leaves the room. "You will see it with your own eyes."
	Jessica comes back, and the only think I clearly see before start shaking is the warming light of a yellow dress. She is holding Ingrid's arm, and next to her there's the guy from class. She makes them both enter the room, he first looks at Alma, curious, then looks at me, while Ingrid's innocent eyes are only willing to meet mine.
	"What's all this crap? I thought you said we were gonna have some fun" he says.
	"Alex, what is this?" Ingrid's voice is creaky, as mine used to be.
	"Run" I try to say, with much effort. "Now."
	Alma laughs and with her risen hand, the door slams and traps us in. She walks around him, and then around Ingrid. 
	"I understand you know each other. This is even better."
	I try to free myself, but I can't. I can't even take my sight away.
	Alma pulls a knife out of nowhere and smiles at me with sadistic greed. Ingrid looks at the silver blade and her watery eyes shut, not wanting to see what comes next. Alma moves her hand into my friend's chest, and I break loose.
	"That's how you claim a human soul" She keeps pushing the knife in as she smiles with nothing but anger on his face.
	I scream to the top of my lungs. 
	She bends over Ingrid's body, and her face expression changes to a more passionate one. My friend's body loses all her color and life in a matter of seconds. Jessica is looking at the whole thing from the now closed door of the room while holding Ingrid's companion. 
	The lifeless body falls to the ground, and the woman opens her eyes once more. She grabs the knife and points it at me. 
	I look at Ingrid, my friend, and no matter how hard I try to move and run towards her, I can't. I'm chained. The same experience all over again, not being able to help, not being able to not feel guilty.
	"Do you want to give it a try? Or shall we wait? She will end up living a miserable life just like ours, anyway. "
	"No I'm not" The sound of Elizabeth's voice fills my head as well as the room I'm trapped in. 
	She appears in front of me, facing Alma directly, interposing herself between the knife and me.
	"Hello sister, long time no see."
	"Mal" Elizabeth is not at all surprised. 
	I remember now, I remember Elizabeth telling me about that woman, the one under the guidance of Constance that failed to become a God, Malenie. She's been using the name Alma to hide, as well as the creepy sunglasses that have kept her deep green eyes a secret. That means that Jessica is not her daughter either, she probably is a lost Immortal soul that she grabbed to herself, with the only goal to use her to achieve her glory. 
	"Stay away from him."
	"Mommy's brave girl is angry, is she?" Mal's ridiculous voice makes Elizabeth even more furious, and I feel her same anger inside of me.
	I look down, Ingrid's body looks so small that it feels like if she had never existed.
	Elizabeth raises both her arms and Mal and Jessica are pushed back to the wall as dozens of objects and furniture fall on them.  The whole room is shaking, and my body is still pressed against the wall, unable to move. I keep staring at Elizabeth leading all the objects and anything that can help her to keep Mal trapped. Elizabeth then turns and looks at me for the very first time in a long while, and the fury in her has not disappeared, not a bit. She looks at me filled with anger and disappointment, and I know why. Me coming here today with Jessica, exposing myself like this and going against her advice has killed an innocent soul, nearly killed me, and therefore, her too. 
	We look at each other, the tension of what is going on is clearly noticeable on my face and as I try to move away from the wall that has held me prisoner for what to me has been an eternity, I feel her cold eyes on me. 
	From the other end of the room, Mal stands up without any difficulties while Jessica is still lying unconscious under the pile of objects Elizabeth just threw against her. Mal rises her hand and everything stands to float around her, and without a single hint of hesitation, she uses her rage against us. 
	Before her power can reach us, Elizabeth grabs my body and with just a quick look I know that she is asking me to trust her once more.
	"Don't let go"
	We disappear but as I had never experienced before. I don't feel away from anything, I don't even feel alive. It's like my body has been torn to pieces and now I try to get them back, unsuccessfully. A terrible shake in my head makes me realize that I am still alive, and in one piece. My brain hurts and I can't barely see. I could have never imagined that breathing could be so painful. 
	I feel something beneath me again, ground. Elizabeth walks away and leaves me standing there. 
	"Where are we?”
	She doesn't answer right away, she waits for me to open my eyes, regardless of the pain that might cause. When I do, I see her in front of me, and my heart starts beating again.
	"In my chamber" she answers "Mal won't find us here."
	"Your chamber?" I look around, and everything reminds me of her, the strange colors and the questionable decorative skills. "I thought only Gods had one.”
	"We all do. We need to keep our souls safe" When she mentions her soul she points to a specific point near the corner of the chamber. The bright light coming out of a small white wooden recipient through a crystal wall warms my heart, being that close to her soul takes all the pain away from me. 
	There's a strange thing on the wall, a sign made out of two «3» one lying on the other's back, and a straight line in the middle of them. I wonder what that means; being Elizabeth, it could be anything.
	"What the hell where you thinking?" She is right in front of me and her furious eyes make me feel like a useless insect. "You could have died!" she screams. 
	Then something grows in me, something I need to take out.
	"Died? You disappear for weeks, and leave me living next to that, that thing and now you tell me that I could have died?" I have been holding too much anger during these past weeks “You told me to trust you, remember? Hell, you even said you were sorry that all this shit happened to me! What was that, huh? Did you just try to make me feel better so that you could then leave me and break me like you did?" I am shaking and I think I am about to cry. "Answer me!"
	"Do you have any idea of how this feels?"
	"Any idea? I am the one that will die, and I can't do anything to avoid it, can I? So don't try for a minute to make me feel bad about you. I tried to open up for you, and you left me."
	She moves her hand so quickly that I can barely prepare myself for her punch. I fell to the ground with a bleeding nose. I stay down for a while, thinking about everything, this feels like a turning point, this is when I finally know that everything is about to end, being lying on the ground, covered with blood is not new to me. But it is real, for the first time.
	I stand up and I am surprised to see her crying.
	"Can you imagine yourself killing the only two persons that you have ever loved?"
	She disappears.

CHAPTER 31
Elizabeth's words resound in my head as war machines. Every bit of my body feels bad for what just happened, I know I should have not said all those things, but she knew about it, I know she did, I could not hide what I had been feeling all these days any further. However, her leaving right now, after what happened at the pub makes me feel even worse, she came back just to protect me, to help me, even though her own exposure. And I yelled at her, thoughtlessly. 
	I can't take the image of Ingrid's body falling lifeless to the ground out of my head, nor the smile on Mal's face after taking the life of my friend.
	I can't picture time in here; I have no idea whether I've been here for an hour or for a year. Everything looks as confusing as a mathematical equation. Everywhere I look makes me wonder if I have been here before. For some reason, all these things, these paintings, these objects seem so familiar to me that I could even say they belong to me. But of course they do not, this is all Elizabeth's, and perhaps the reason for me feeling like this is because our bond is getting stronger once more. 
	The chamber reminds me of Tristan's, with all the commodities of the mortal side, and yet with the elegance and hugeness one would expect from mythology.  There is one thing though, one thing that is not similar to anything I have ever seen before, that's why this is Elizabeth's chamber, because she is different from everyone. There's a garden past the crystal doors at the end of the long room. But it is not a normal garden, for it only contains dried roses. 
	Dead roses. I've dreamt of this place. I've died here. I feel the need to get closer, as if something in those lifeless plants was calling me.
	Dead but yet beautifully disposed roses. Only Elizabeth could do this in such a remarkable way. An eternal garden of dark red and black. A garden guarding the one thing that keeps Elizabeth alive. Her soul.
	I can see the wooden box in the middle of the small garden. I cross the crystal barrier carefully, and a small rocky path appears within the roses. I walk it slowly, admiring the absolute beauty of what surrounds me. 
	Her soul shines for me, and makes my body weaken, all the fear I felt before she rescued me disappears, but something in me breaks loose, and I can't contain myself anymore. Like a small child, I fall on my knees trying to hold the tears from my eyes, but I can't, I am not strong enough to repel my feelings, something I was never able to do. 
	I can see Ingrid, I can see David.  Now, I can see everything again.
	"Alex" Elizabeth's voice booms in my head "come back."
	I turn around and I see her in the distance, so far away from here that I fear that I will never be able to reach her again. But she keeps calling my name, so with the little strength I have left I stand up, and walk towards her through the rocky path, leaving her soul behind. As I move away from the silver light I feel stronger, and better. But I still feel broken inside, and she knows it. 
	"What happened to me?" I ask, still holding my tears, still too proud of myself to break down.
	"My soul felt yours, and it was trying to get you."
	Perhaps it should have, I think to myself, that way the suffering would end.
 	I finally give in, and I sit on the floor, near the dried roses and I don't hold my tears anymore. Elizabeth gets on her knees right by my side and looks at me, straight into the eye.
	"I know what happened" she says.
	I can't make out any words.
	"I need you to tell me, Alex. You need to tell me, get it out."
	I can't.
	"I've tried."
	"I'm here, Alex, talk to me" She grabs my face, her eyes are watery, as mine.
	"I'm tired" I finally say after a long silence "too tired to go on like this, with all this."
	"I know.”
	I take my time to put my thoughts in order, she is still staring at me and I know that she won't move until I do what I should have done months ago. And finally, after so long, I do it.
	I unlock my memories for her, and for me. I close my eyes, knowing that she will see the same things that I saw.
	A car, my car. Joyful smiles all around me, and the sound of freshness and beauty. My mother sitting right next to me, with that everlasting smile, looking at her two sons. Me and David, my brother, my twin brother. 
	A bright day, a closure day. We get in the car and she hands me the keys.
	"Go for it darling" she says with proud voice.
	The road, the limitless road. Leaving behind a day out with them, my family. David's mocking faces on the rear mirror, mom's constant singing along with the radio. Life, my life. 
	A bridge, water beneath us. The deep blue and green void leads the way as we cross the metal platform to Fire Island.
	"Alex do you want me to drive? We are never getting home if you do" David's laughter lights up my heart, and Elizabeth's. 
	I turn around to give him that look, the look only twin brothers could understand. Then the bright day turns black, for all good and bright must become bad and dark. 
	I see the car on our back trying to pass us, but a truck blocks its way and as he tries to come back to his right, it hits our tail, and I lose control. 
	Noise, dreadful noise. The car crosses the lane markings to face a line of endless traffic. I turn the steering wheel, but not fast enough. I lose control of everything, and when we are hit again we are pushed out of the road, over the bridge, and into the deep blue tide.
	My unharmed self-looking from the ambulance window at the wrecked piece of metal that once was my car. My mother next to me, yelling, crying, constantly dying. 
	"He's here!" the shouting comes from near the car.
	She stands up and runs to meet her desolation. The medics bring David, my brother, on their arms. I, following my mother, stand up and begin to run towards him, but some white gloves grab me and forbid me to go forward. I am trapped against my will, not willing to scream, not willing to move, not willing to think.
	Elizabeth blinks and a tear falls from her face and onto my hand.
	"My mom and I needed to spend some days at the hospital, she had to be operated. David's body resisted the rush to the hospital, and somehow the long fall into the ocean, but once there his cerebral function stopped, and my mom refused to let him go. "
	I bring my hands to my head, I can't believe it is out, I beat myself. I am free.
	"I killed my brother." I am not strong enough to say that out loud.
	"It was an accident."
	"Then I should be the one in David's place" I lower my head, I don't want to see her, I can't, I don't want her pity eyes on me now, that won't change what happened, and many others have told me that it was an accident, but nevertheless, it was my fault. "I have never gone to see him. I can't, I couldn’t bare doing it. I'm terrified of walking into that room, and not knowing what to say to him, or that he should die the moment I walk in, letting me know it was, and always will be, my fault."
	We remain silent for as long as we can, neither of us know what to say next. I just want to end with this so I say what needs to be said.
	"Now the only thing I remember is the song that was playing."
	She caresses my hand.
	"Thank you, for freeing me from this."
	She does not answer, she does not even smile. She gets closer to me and presses her lips against mine, for a second, and then she moves away.
	"You wanted to know what that sign on the wall meant.”
	I nod.
	"It means that you are never alone, as long as someone holds you dear in his heart."
	I smile when I hear her words, somehow they warm my body and soul.
	She stands up and walks inside the chamber, I can see her taking the sign away from the wall, when she does, it becomes a sharp metal necklace.
	"I want you to keep it, as a reminder."
	"Of what?"
	She looks at me with a sweet smile on her face.
	"I'm letting you go, Alex."
	"What?"
	She keeps her eyes on me, not serious. She is talking from her heart, and everything in her looks different.
	"I can't do that to you, to your mother…"
	I don't want to listen.
	"Let me go? And what about you, what about Mal?" I sound more hysterical than I should, but I can't help it. The thought of losing her again kills me, I can't go through that again. Not after what just happened.
	"I can take care of both matters."
	I grab her hand, forbidding her to leave.
	"You just told me that you love me, and now you are leaving me again?”
	"Love is not just about holding your hand, is about knowing when to let go" she looks at me, and those green eyes don't scare me anymore "you need to go, Alex."
	I look at her, not moving and not planning to do so. 
	"Have you never been told that love is a pain in the ass?" That's her way to put up with things.
	"No, I haven't" I say firmly.
	"Well, it is.”
	I don't want her to talk anymore so I move forward and kiss her with all the love I can find in me. 
	"But it is the only pain in the ass I am willing to die for" she says looking at me and then at the wooden box in the middle of the garden.
	"Me too" I say unconsciously.

CHAPTER 32
Lights are off, the room is silent and all troubles are away, for now. I look at Elizabeth standing near her soul and I can't believe what she has done for me, and what she is willing to do. Letting me go means losing everything, and no matter how hard I try to convince her not to do it, she won't listen. But I do understand why she has decided to do it, and I am thankful, I just hope she could be with me, end this right now and just live a normal life, if that exists.
	"We must go" Elizabeth claims the moment she gets near me. -we have no time to lose, I want you in a plane in the morning.
	"Can't you take me there?"
	"No, I don't want Constance or Mal knowing where you are. And I won't be going with you, my cousin will."
	I know that she refuses to come because it could be dangerous for both of us, for what she has told me, Constance could sense her anywhere in the world, and if she found the two of us together, no matter how hard Elizabeth tried to explain her reasons, I would end up dying. 
	Elizabeth puts her arm around mine, we are about to leave. 
	"I have one more question before we go back" I ask, not letting her go of my arm. "Why did you leave me?"
	She looks upset, not because of the question, I can tell, but something troubles her.
	"I can't tell you."
	"Why not?" I ask in a rather harsh voice, because I feel that she is not trusting me again.
	"Because I failed." The look in her eyes tells me that the conversation is over.
	I hold on to her as tightly as I can, and we disappear into the dark void. It feels odd leaving this place, for I know that had everything gone according to their plan, I should have come here only as a drop of silver memory. 
	Solid ground once more. I open my eyes and Jay is in front of me, seating on his bed. I'm home.  He stands up and comes closer, but stops a couple of feet away from me, he tries to smile at me but he can't. I know he feels guilty. He is about to break down, and so am I, but instead of doing so, he comes straight at me and hugs me like if we were brothers.
	"I'm glad to see you again" I know from his voice that he is still trying not to show his emotions.
	"Me too" Now I know how it feels like to call someone a friend, a true friend. I know that they have been near me all this time, watching over me. I feel bad about everything I've said.
	"Let's keep going" Elizabeth has just begun to pack up the rest of my stuff, and so is Jay. I try to make sure that I don't leave anything behind.
	Suddenly, I hear a great noise in the bathroom, like if all my things had just fallen on the floor. Elizabeth and Jay place themselves in front of me, as a human shield, rising their hands in case they need to use them. Finally, the door opens, and a girl, not older in appearance than Elizabeth, comes out.
	"Abigail!" Both Jay and Elizabeth scream furiously. "Why on earth did you have to do that?”
	"Come on! It's not like I killed someone" she moves forward. "Oh is that him? Not bad for a human! Well done sister!" she realizes that Elizabeth is not in the mood, so she simple comes to me and shakes my hand. "The name is Abigail."
	"Alex."
	"What, do you think I don't know?”
	"She just became a God, let her be.”
	"Of course, sorry."
	"So sister, where is it I will be taking him?"
	Elizabeth laughs, so does Jay.
	"I thought you knew everything" Jay says, joking
	"To the airport, after that you will make sure that nothing happens to him until past the day.”
	"Understood" she gives me a quick look, her eyes are tightly shut, there's no need for her to let me know her feelings for me. I feel that she would wish I was dead already.
	We go on with the packing, although there isn't much left to pack when I realize that something is not being taken into account.
	"Guys, I have my own booking."
	"Well, do you want us to refund you?" Jay's voice is still full of irony.
	"No, what I mean is that my mom knows that I should be back by the end of the week, not tomorrow."
	"Don't worry about that" Elizabeth puts an end to the problem.
	After a while I just stop pretending that I am doing something useful. I look around and I am glad that even if this is the very last day I'll be living in here, it is full of people. At least, they being here helps to avoid the memories of last night to come back. I can't believe she took Ingrid. I focus on something else before breaking down again.
	Now I have a chance to take a look at Abigail, and I can't help but wonder if all Gods and Immortals have their own style, I don't think I have ever seen so many colors in just one head, or so many different hairstyles. Her clothes are so smooth and perfectly selected that it almost seems that they do not belong to that messy head. 
	"And why is it that I have to take care of the mortal?"
	"Alex" Jay corrects her, defensively. 
	"Yeah, well, him" She keeps her eyes fixed on me, and although the colorful hair blocks off the killing green from her eyes, I am still intimidated.
	"It just needs to be done" Elizabeth voice is harsh, she does not want the topic to go any further.
	They keep doing their own thing for a couple of seconds until Abigail feels the desperate need to talk again.
	"Does Constance know about this?"
	"No!" they both shout at the exact same moment, dropping whatever they had on their hands. "She does not. And she won't."
	There is no further conversation, at least not about me, nor Constance. Abigail starts talking about how wonderful her life as a God is, although she misses being up here from time to time. I can't imagine not missing it, no matter how beautiful the Atlas might be, I would feel trapped down there all the time, with nothing to do but living forever. 
	"You will not believe whom I saw the other day! Tristan! Remember Tristan? Our brother."
	"Yes of course we do, Abigail. I have not seen him since, is he alright?" Elizabeth looks at me while answering. "Don't say a word about our little trip."
	"Not a word".
	"Well dear, he looks marvelous, although I must say that he looked somewhat sad, such a pity."
	"Well I guess he would be" Jay has joined the conversation. "I mean, not all bonds grow as strong as the one he had with…"
	"That's quite enough Jay, thank you” Elizabeth does not want me to hear about that, I can tell from her voice tone. After all, our bond is what is making us do this now.
	It is almost night, the room looks just like when I first walk through that door, back when I was just a troubled boy that had taken an eight hour flight to run away from his own reality, when I thought that there was nothing else to this life…Back to when I did not know Elizabeth. I realize that I won't be here much longer, maybe five, ten minutes tops. I need to buy some time, I don't want to leave. I can't lose her again. And suddenly I see the answer in front of me. Something in me, like an inner voice shows me the thing to do. The books that I left on my desk, the ones that I had to return to the library, are still there, waiting to be brought back to their rightful place.
	"Wait" I say, grabbing the books quickly and holding them with my arms, like if they were the most valuable thing in my life. "I need to get these back, I'd be in trouble if I didn't."
	"Can't it wait?" Elizabeth asks, quite frustrated.
	"Well, I was going to leave in three days, then, it could have waited, but now that I am leaving in a matter of hours…"
	"I'll take you there, you will leave the books and then you will be out of the city, for good.”
	She has everything so planned that I am terrified of asking if I can stay a bit longer. Obviously, I don't do it, I just got myself some more time and that's good enough for me.
	We remain silent for about an hour as Elizabeth makes sure everything is alright. Abigail and Jay seem to be enjoying a mute conversation, because they keep smiling and punching each other, like three year olds, it makes it impossible to see them as mythological beings, they looks so human that the line that keeps me apart from them is almost invisible to me.
	Elizabeth is seating at the other end of the room, all by herself, touching something hanging from her neck. When she removes her hand I can see that it is the same necklace that she gave me. I suddenly blush, I put my hand around my own, and don't let go from it until Elizabeth breaks the silence in the room.
	"Ok then, we'll be back in no time. Please, have everything ready. The flight leaves in three hours, and you –she says pointing at me– need to board the suitcase.  That means that we are about to be late. So let's go.”
	She stands up, crosses the room, grabs my hand and without even looking at me, blinks and makes us disappear. I don't even notice the fluctuations anymore, this has become so normal for me that I think the one thing that will feel strange is to seat on the plane for eight hours.
	We arrive in the library in just a second. It is closed down but the lights are still on. The silent room is as beautiful as always, with its stairs at both sides of the room and the crystal cabinet doors, letting us see the secrets they hide inside them. I need to look up for one last time. The second floor, with more books and the banisters around the edges of the stairs is so mesmerizing that I think I could stare up forever.
	Suddenly a creepy laughter breaks the silence.
	"To be, or not to be" a low and beastly voice coming from up above surrounds us. "That is the question. Is it not, my dear sister?"


CHAPTER 33
	"It is so easy to get into a mortal's mind and make them do as I please. It used to be more fun some centuries ago, now I just get bored and make them kill themselves."
	So the idea of coming here came from Mal, not from my need to stay close to Elizabeth? I refuse to believe it. She is not the master of my own will, I won't accept it.
	"Don't you have anyone else to bother with your exquisite performance, Mal?" Elizabeth's fearless voice kills the memory of Mal's laughter.
	"You see, little girl, I like this setting, and as you say, I don't have anywhere else to perform at today, and given that it is just you and me, going after the same reward, why not just play it out."
	Am I the reward?
	"I should be Hamlet, of course. I have the better looks, but no, it's not quite that…. I also have the brains to trap you both here, making you think that this is nothing but a game, letting you think that I am crazy." She smiles again as she walks down the spiral stairs. "You should be Laertes, Hamlet's final adversary. And obviously the thing next to you would be Ofelia, the nice but yet defenseless Ofelia, whose ultimate goal, is… to die."
	"In that case, you will join us in the fall" Elizabeth smiles, ignoring her. "Providing that you have done your reading, of course, I guess you know that."
	"Sweetheart, the premise does not set for the same conclusion."
	"We will see."
	"Indeed."
	They are facing each other, hands raised to each other's chest. 
	Mal makes the first move and Elizabeth is blown away by an immeasurable force. She hits one of the stairs and falls on the floor. She stands up quickly enough to avoid being hit by a computer Mal has thrown at her. Elizabeth disappears and teleports herself in front of her adversary, Mal crashes into one of the cabinets and covers the floor with crystal and pieces of wood.
	Before she stands up, Elizabeth points at me and moves her hand quickly to the door of the library. The door opens and I am thrown out of the room immediately. The door closes behind me.
	"Go away. Now."
	I pretend I can't hear her. I am lying on the ground, looking at her being hit over and over again by Mal's fatal strikes. Elizabeth can't die as fast as I can, but her body is as human as mine, and even if it heals faster, it sure hurts as if she was human.  I can see her lying on the floor too, meters away from where I am, and staring at me. She does not care about Mal, her mind is set on me, and I can feel it.
	"Get back, have Abigail get you out of here."
	"I'm not going anywhere."
	Mal hits her again, this time Elizabeth screams as if she was being tortured to death. 
	"So you thought you could beat me?”
	"No…" She answers with her rotten voice. Mal is disappointed with that answer. She wanted a battle, not a piece of cake. "I knew you were cruel, and pure evil. That's why you became what you are. I am not surprised."
	Mal stands up and smiles at her, with a surprisingly mad look on her face.
	"Is that what she told you? Is that the reason she gave you for me becoming this?"
	Elizabeth has no time to answer, Mal rises both her arms and pulls Elizabeth up to the ceiling and drops her on the central desk of the library.
	"Is that what she told you?!" she screams again, repeating her question, more furious than ever.
	Mal then moves her arm and Elizabeth is thrown against the glass door of the library, I am so close to her that I can almost touch her. I stand up and put my hand on top of hers. The glass door is the only barrier between us now. 
	"Go" she asks again, she is exhausted. "If you care about me, Alex. Please."
	With the last bit of her strength she pushes me to the end of the corridor.
	I can't leave her here. I could not live with that on my back, I have failed my brother, I failed Ingrid… I won't fail her too.  I don't just care about her.
	"I love you, Elizabeth Mears."
	I stand up ignoring my shaking legs and walk the corridor with my eyes fixed on Elizabeth. Mal is playing with her body, throwing her from one side of the library to the other. I can't stand it anymore. I try to unlock the doors but Elizabeth has made sure that I can't come in. I look around and I find some wooden chairs near the door. I take one of them and crash it into the glass, which breaks at the third hit. I take one piece of crystal, sharp enough to cut my hand the moment I touch it. I grab it regardless of the pain and walk across the destroyed room. Mal is on her knees, near Elizabeth's motionless body. 
	"Perhaps you should ask her what really happened."
	The woman stands up and gets herself ready for the final hit, but I move faster and before she notices me I stab her on the side, cutting the palm of my hand and just scratching her body.
	"Was that supposed to hurt me, little something?"
	I can't breathe. She is grabbing me from my neck and she holds me away from the floor.
	"I like this picture."
	She breaks into crazy laughter once more. 
	"I should have it made into a postcard."
	"Should you now?" Elizabeth is standing behind her, and her exhausted expression scares me more than Mal's hand around my neck. The library starts to shake, the shelves of the books fall down in a matter of seconds and every volume from the second floor falls on us. Mal lets me go, scared. The tables, broken glass, computers and books, everything, starts to move across the wrecked place. Elizabeth looks at Mal, but I don't recognize her, it is like if it was someone completely different. Suddenly, Mal is thrown away through the window.
	Everything stops moving, Elizabeth looks at me for a couple of seconds and then her body falls down to the floor.
	I run to her and hold her in my arms. I keep calling her name and try to awaken her, but it doesn’t work.
	"I won't let you leave me like this" I think to myself, and for her. "You are not going anywhere, not again".
	I keep trying to wake her up. I call for help but there's no one in the building. 
	"Jay! Abigail!" I don't know if that will help, I don't know if they can hear me.
	I get closer to her, and kiss her softly, I don't want her to go, not like this. 
	When my lips meet with hers I feel my life leaving my body and getting into hers. I can't get away, I feel weaker and weaker and I am about to pass out when she finally wakes up. She let's go of me. 
	"I need to get you away from me."
	I nod, too tired to answer.
	"And thank you" she thinks “for not going away."
	Jay and Abigail pop up a minute later, smiling at first but slowly changing their expression to a one full of terror.
	"What happened?"
	"Mal, she set us up."
	"No, she set me up" I explain, ashamed.
	There's an uncomfortable silence.
	"Abigail, take him away" Elizabeth is so sure of her words that it hurts me.
	I stand up and try to speak, but before I can do so Abigail is already holding me.
	"Goodbye, my friend" Jay is as close as I am to breaking into tears.
	I look at Elizabeth. She does not move, and she doesn't say a thing. And it looks like if she could, she would look away rather than have her eyes fixed on me. Those green eyes, I can't believe how scared I used to be about them not too long ago. I can't believe I need them by my side now. I can't just leave, not like this.
	"Is that it?" I ask, screaming "that's all?" I scream louder.
	She looks at me and then closes her eyes. She slowly stands up and opens them again. Her green eyes are fixed on me. 
	"Yes."

CHAPTER 34
The morning sun wakes me up. I am seating on a bench line near the departure gate at the airport. Abigail is right next to me, holding some magazine which she only uses to cover her face and avoid being discovered.
	"Some of those might be with Mal" She pulls the magazine even higher "Oh look! I can't believe that Amanda Barks had another baby!"
	Amanda Barks is one of the most famous Hollywood stars at the moment, I am surprised she knows about her. She keeps reading and ignores me. I silently seat here, looking at the gate that will lead me to where I came from. Looking at it makes my shiver, there's a bizarre and yet perfectly normal mixture of feelings going on inside me that try to show me everything I have gained by coming here, and everything that I am going to lose. 
	"When does the flight leave?" I ask trying not to disturb Abigail's intense reading.
	"In an hour."
	I wish we could just teleport. It would be much easier, but I need to tell myself every now and then that if we had opted for the teleportation, the traces of Abigail's powers would lead them to us straight away.
	"Where are Elizabeth and Jay?"
	"Gone. You need to remember that."
	Like I could forget. I still hear Elizabeth's last words on my head, killing me from the inside out. She is giving everything up so I can live, I know how thankful I should be, and I am, but the way she said goodbye troubles my thoughts. 
	We get on the plane, Abigail looks at everyone in the most suspicious way, thinking that each one of the souls on board are here only to haunt me down. After she is done checking every corner of the aircraft, she lets me go forward to my seat.
	"Stay here, don't go anywhere and make sure that you don't do anything stupid."
	"Like what?"
	"Like standing up and disappearing from my sight."
	"What if I need to go to the bathroom?"
	"What?" she smiles and goes back to the magazine. "Just freeze. You will have plenty of time for bathrooms back home. After all, that’s all you humans do, right?"
	Her offensive comment has no effect on me, I actually pretend it did not happen. I know that Gods think too much of themselves and too little of everyone else, so I am not surprised to hear her opinion. I just lie back and close my eyes. If I'm lucky, I'll sleep through the whole flight.
	I am not lucky. 
	My eyes are closed but I see things that I'd rather not see.
	 Everyone in the plane have turned into corpses welcoming me to my new life, a life between life and death, of eternal sorrow. Far away, I see Elizabeth waving at me, her dress full of blood. My blood. She is looking at me with the old memory of a smile. She looks older, much older. I look at her bare feet, covered with blood and almost turned into stone. She has been there waiting for me for an eternity. Then I look at me, I lower my head and I see the blood pouring of my chest, I don't feel the pain, I only see the life going away. 
	I put both my hands around the deathly wound, but I can't stop the bleeding. I look above, to the lights of the monstrous venue that has hosted my dreams for so long, and they shut down slowly, one after the other. No green eyes this time, just the rest of the dream, the bit that I have never seen before, the bit in which I finally die, alone.
	Suddenly, Elizabeth is holding my hand and pressing the wound on my chest with the other. She looks at me with the same reflection of a smile. 
	She brings her lips to me and kisses me softly.	
	"We only fall together" she whispers into my ear.
	And then she dies with me. One holding the other's hand. Not letting go.
	I wake up. 
	"Good, for a moment I thought I would have to wake you up."
	"Where are we?" My mind is still dreaming, but the light coming through the small rounded windows wakes me up quickly enough to go back to being myself.
	"Landing." she says. 
	She offers me some water; I drink small sips until I empty the bottle. She does not need to know about my dream. No one needs to know, that will be something I will hold on to as my last memory with Elizabeth. 
	When we reach the terminal I look around for the taxi station, or the bus ticket office. But Abigail stops me before I get any of both and leads me to the parking door.
	"You don't suppose I will let anyone else drive us home, right? Elizabeth made me rent a car."
	We look around the Parking lot, there's plenty of cars but Abigail does not look happy about any in particular. Eventually she stops randomly in front of one.
	"That's it."
	It is a mesmerizing car, a black BMW that looks brand new. I am even scared to get close to it. I don't like cars, let alone one that is twice regular size.
	"Are you sure it is this one?"
	"Well, that's the one I like."
	The one she likes?
	"Wait, what do you mean?"
	She gets near the door, and opens it without a key or anything that could be used to open a car's door.
	"God's take what they want, and I want this car. Just get in, will you?"
	Reluctant at first, and for a long while, I get into the black beast that she has just stolen and we set our way home, my all-time home. I can't believe I am so close to normal life again. 
	The engine does not make a single sound and the car moves as smoothly as a feather in the wind. Perhaps Abigail is using some of her God's gifts to drive, but I do not feel scared, and that's quite a milestone. 
	The quiet and beautiful town of Bay Shore, where I have lived since I was a small kid appears in the distance and I feel my heart moving inside my body. Being so close is weird now. I never thought that I would feel this way, I feel half a stranger now. 
	The red tiles of my house shine with the sunlight. I can see my mom working on the little garden we used to keep in the front yard and that we just forgot about after the accident. It's nice to see her working on it again.
	Abigail stops the car. I take a deep breath.	
	"Here I am, whish me luck." I know she won't answer. But I need to share the moment, the feeling, with her.
	I open the car's door slowly, thinking about the last time I was here, how I closed Dick's car door and left, thinking that I would be free from all the worries that made me leave in the first place. Now I realize I was wrong. I should have faced my fears when I had the chance, but of course, if I had not left… I would have missed out.
	"Oh my God!" my mother shouts when she sees me step out of the vehicle. She throws away the spade and runs towards me shouting and jumping, all at the same time. She jumps on me and hugs me as hard as she can. I am sure I can hear her sobbing, but I don't care, not this time. "Let me look at you" she makes me turn around as if I were a top model. "I can see that eating has not been an important part of your student's life."
	"Mom, really? I just got here."
	"Oh sorry, sorry" she hugs me again "I can't believe you are finally here, thank God you called to let me know about the misunderstanding! I was not going to be home until tomorrow."
	"What?"
	"You know, about your tickets being booked for the wrong day?"
	Thank God indeed, I think while looking at Abigail, who is now getting off the car.
	"Oh and who is that?" My mother asks in that voice, half way between a sweet smile and a FBI interrogatory.
	"I'm Abigail, Ms. Stills. Your son's girlfriend. "
	"My what?" I scream unconsciously.
	"Girlfriend" she holds my hand so firmly that I think she will break it in half. "He is still recovering from the long flight."
	My mom looks at both of us, with her mouth wide open. She suddenly starts screaming again.
	"But that's wonderful!" She jumps on Abigail "you must stay with us for the holidays!"
	"It will be a pleasure" She bends over me and kisses me "I could not imagine a second away from him."

CHAPTER 35
	"What the hell where you thinking?" I yell at Abigail once we get into my deserted room.
	"My job is to make sure that nothing happens to you, I had to find a way to stick around."
	"And you could not find another way? Did you actually have to use that one?"
	"I could have gone with probation agent, but I guess it would have been worse for you."
	"Just shut up" I close the door behind my back and walk downstairs, leaving Abigail on the room, or so I think, because when I get into the kitchen she is helping my mom with the groceries.
	"I'll be happy to help you Mrs. Stills."
	"Oh please, call me Louise, I'm not that old."
	Abigail blinks at her, and I feel like I am about to vomit.
	 I try to look at anywhere but at them, I blank my mind and try to picture myself lying on my bed back in Barcelona, waiting for Elizabeth to come around. Although that never happened, it is perhaps one of the best memories I could die with, only thinking about that makes me strong enough to watch time go by.
	"This is going to be too complicated" I tell her, and I hope she is thinking the same.
	Minutes become hours and days turn into an everlasting eternity. Everything seems to be wrong, I don't fit in here anymore. My mind is still too focused on what I have left behind and even though that it's been a week now I can't help but wonder why is it that she sent me away. She can't obviously hide me forever, she sent me to my own house, so hiding me is obviously not her intention. It doesn't matter how much thought I give to the situation, she is not here, I am, and I need to do my best to seem as good as possible, I don't want anyone to worry about me. 
	Abigail is always around, I rarely have a moment to myself, and she does not even let me go outside without her. It feels so embarrassing that I have not set a foot outside since last week. 
	I am so reluctant to let go of these lasts months that my suitcase is still in my room, packed. I fear that if I do open it, and empty it, everything will be officially over, and I am not ready for it, not yet. 
	My mom is constantly cooking for me and Abigail, she seems to have missed cooking for me –as much as I have missed it myself– I am happy to see her so alive, so full of energy. She visits David every day, but I still can't go, I don't think I will ever be ready for that, we were told that it was basically impossible for him to wake up, but I keep hoping, I still need to apologize, one more time. 
	Grandpa is rarely out of his room but when he is he just keeps telling old stories to Abigail, I wish I could tell him that she is older than him and probably has more interesting things to say about life than him. 
	"Don't you think it's about time that you forget about the whole thing?" Abigail's voice comes into my head without invitation and takes me away from my thoughts.
	"I think I will stick around to it for as long as I want, thank you."
	"It will be worse, don't you see that?"
	I try to ignore her, but I can't, I turn to her and face her, unwilling to surrender.
	"I can't give up on her."
	"You will have to, it was her choice to let you live, little thing. You can't have her."
	She is right, I guess. Elizabeth has given me the chance to continue with my life, away from all this craziness. She has risked so much, even her own life and right to join her people, but I still need her beside me. Her company has kept me going, and when she was not around I used what I learned with her to go on. I am sure I will get over this, eventually, but without her it's going to be more difficult.
	"Then what do you propose I do?" I keep my voice low, hoping that she won't hear me and so she won't give me any piece of advice.
	"That must come from you, but the one thing I know you need to do, is unpack. You are not there anymore, you are here, back to normal. Don't be stupid, boy. Don't waste the second chance. "
	She stands up and walks out of the room. I think she is giving me some time to myself, she knows I need it. After all, she is also capable of thinking about other people's needs, not just her own. 
	I put all my thoughts in order, take my time to witness every moment as a floating picture going through my head, repeating some of them, making sure they will never go away. I feel something cold in my chest, the necklace Elizabeth gave me. I take it as a sign, as if Elizabeth was trying to tell me something. But I can't pretend for any longer, Abigail is right, that part of my life resides now in the past. I get on my knees and unzip the suitcase that holds so many memories. 
	I put everything on my bed, some clothes need to be rewashed, because they smell funny from all spending too many days inside the suitcase. I empty it slowly, stretching on the moment of saying goodbye. I had not realized of how many things one can gather in just a few months: clothes, stupid things that I will never use, CD's, a book ripped off in half... So many things that will just be gathering dust from now on.
	I take the pile of clothes downstairs. My mom and Abigail look at me and for a moment I think that they are about to clap, as if they had been waiting for me to unpack for ages.
	"Leave that over there honey, you have kept it in your room for a week so I don't think you need it right away, do you?" that is my mother's way to say that she won't be cleaning the clothes anytime soon, as a sort of punishment. If I need them, I will have to do it myself. 
	The days go on, I keep thinking about everything but I try to hide it from Abigail. There had not been so much life in this house since before the accident, and I am starting to enjoy the combination of Abigail and Louise, they make funny jokes that sometimes are a good get away from my thoughts and fears.  
	We have had big lunches and dinners from the day we got back. I have seen relatives that I had not met in years, and everyone seems so happy about me and Abigail, I guess she is playing a wonderful part, because I am not too much into pretending that we are a couple, no matter how hard she tries to insist.
	"I am supposed to be keeping you safe, and the way to do so is by not having people getting suspicious about me."
	"I'm sorry, I am trying as hard as I can."
	"You are trying shit. I have told you before, Alex. She is risking more than what you could ever imagine, if you screw things up, I am going to hunt you down for the rest of your life."
	"If this does not work out as she planned, the rest of my life will end pretty soon, am I right?"
	"Exactly, so just pretend that we are together so I can actually stick around and watch over you." She says all this without losing her temper or the sweet fake smile. Everyone looks at us and I bet they think she is saying nothing but nice things to me, if only they knew.
	The nights are the worst. If I don't sleep, I keep thinking about Elizabeth, and if I fall asleep I dream that she kills me, or that she dies with me. It's unbearable, but Abigail can't help me, my dreams are my own, no one else's, and if something hurts me in them, it's my problem, and no one else's. 
	I try to keep myself from thinking today, so I picture anything that comes to my mind. A television series that I would like to watch, paintings that I used to like when I was at school, I try to remember lyrics to songs that I am not sure that ever existed. Anything that can keep me awake and from thinking should work, but the problem is that the thinking always comes back.
	I can see myself opening the suitcase once more. I want to put everything back in, go back in time and go back to my room in Barcelona, that's what I want. I see everything so vividly that I know I am dreaming again. Oddly enough, no one seems to be dying in this dream. I keep putting things back into the suitcase but I keep holding the last thing that I should put back in. 
	A book ripped off in half. 
	I wake up instantly and jump of my bed. I knew I could not let go from this so easily. I look into my wardrobe and suitcase. I open it slowly, trying not to make any noise. Once it's open I look for the book in between the other things that I left inside. I take the book, carefully, and a piece of paper falls from in between its pages. There is something written in the paper.
	Elizabeth's handwriting.


CHAPTER 36
I look at the piece of paper every time I got a chance to do so, which is difficult with Abigail looking over my shoulder the whole day. I found it a couple of weeks ago and I have kept it a secret, but I just realized that perhaps Abigail, who was sent here to help and guide me, could know something about it. 
	Barbra Harris, 212 Middle Street, Bath ME
	"What does that mean?” Abigail asks when after days of asking me what was going on, I show her the piece of paper.
	"Well, it just looks like a direction."
	"Who is this Barbra Harris?"
	I tell her about her, and about the book. 
	"I don't like her."
	As every other Immortal that knows about the book, I am not surprised to hear it. 
	"I want to go" I say firmly, without hesitation.
	"Yeah, in your dreams."
	"No, in your car."
	She looks at me as surprised as I am myself. Elizabeth wrote down that direction on a piece of paper and put it in the book afterwards, I can only think that she wanted me to find it, and if she did, she obviously wants me to go there. I explain that to Abigail, with more enthusiasm than I have ever used. 
	"What will you say to your mother?"
	"I thought you were the one with the ideas."
	"I'm sorry Alex, I can't."
	I say nothing, the disappointment is clearly noticeable on my face. There's no need to exchange more information, for a moment I thought I might have found something, now the hope just vanished. 
	I have been avoiding human contact for the past weeks, not because I miss Elizabeth; that would be a stupid way to go with it. I am hiding myself away because the frustration I feel inside me keeps me from moving. I know that there might be an explanation to all this waiting for me, and at the same time I know it is unreachable because the one who sent with me to protect me won't let me leave and look for it. Whatever the angle I look at it, the odds are not in my favor, I know that, I just want to help, to feel useful again, or for the first time even. 
	I am reading over the whole book once more, perhaps there is something I've missed, some way I can help Elizabeth not to become a Tartar that does not include my death. I am being too selfish, perhaps, but I can't lie, if I can come out of this alive, I won't have it any other way. But the book only goes so far, and half the information I need is not here, I know it. Both Elizabeth and Jay told me endless times that if I wanted to know anything about their kind I only had to ask, because I would not find anything here. That, I guess, is why she left me the note. Because she wanted me to know something, something that the book won't tell me. But what is it? What could it be so important that she refused to tell me herself, and rather she preferred to let me find out? 
	It's been a month and I am starting to feel better, not free, but better. I am finally going out, with or without Abigail, she thinks that after all these days some air will be good for me and that probably nothing bad will happen in my neighborhood. Even though I get to walk out, she follows me from a relatively close distant, far enough from me to give me some freedom, but close enough to come to my aid if I should need it. 
	Abigail knows that I am utterly disappointed in her, and she does not talk to me much lately. Mom thinks that we are going through one hell of a bad momentum thing, which I guess fits on Abigail's plans. After all, once this thing is over, once Elizabeth becomes a Tartar, there will be no reason to protect me, Mal will have prevented Elizabeth from becoming a God, and she won't need me.
	It is the last Wednesday before the first weekend of February. That means that the moment is close, a moment that half the population of the world is expecting, but not because of me and Elizabeth. Elizabeth should become a God the night of the Super Bowl.
	The week is being harder than I had anticipated, knowing that the life of the one I love is about to end, or worse, become a nightmare for eternity is killing me slowly enough to let me experience it. It's been three days since I last had an hour of sleep, I can't stand this anymore, my head is full of bad feelings and what I just decided is nothing but the worst decision and the craziest one I have made in my life. But I won't regret it, I can't just sit here and wait for the moment to come.
	I wake up and put on some clothes. I walk through the darkness of my sleeping home, trying not to wake anyone. I go to the kitchen and I write a note to my mom, and obviously, to Abigail.	
	I went out.
	My mom does not need to know any further, and Abigail will know exactly where I am.
	I get into the garage. The stolen car from the airport shines with the fluorescent’s pale light. My heart is beating so fast that I can't hear anything but the blood running through my veins. I am sweating as much as I did the last time I got into the driver's side of a car. I have not done this since the day of the accident and I promised myself I would never do it again, but the situation changes everything, fear changes the way anyone feels about something. I get inside and take a deep breath, I try to focus on anything but the accident, which tries to come back to me every instant. Finally, I take the keys out and insert them into the ignition system. The car starts, and I thank Abigail for picking an almost silent car.
	I leave my house, I look at it from the rear mirror and think that normal is overrated; I don't want to go back to normal. I’ve had monotony for quite enough. I need to know that Elizabeth will be alright, and I cannot leave that to chance. I am tired of waiting on the dark, I need to do something.
	I get into the highway; the dark road seems to welcome me as an entrance to hell. I am scared of everything. I am human, and no matter how brave I could be, fear is the one thing that pushes us either back, or forward to beat anything.
	I drive, not knowing what I will find once I've reached my destination. But the only thing I know is that Elizabeth will be gone in three days, and that is all I care about.
	She saved me more than once, now I need to repay the favor.

CHAPTER 37
There's nothing in front of me but the limitless road and the long bridges to far beyond. My trip is a long one, but I try to keep both my eyes fixed on the road, my mind empty of any distractions, this is hard enough as it is, I don't need any more worries.
	Driving alone helps; I don't hear anyone talking about what happened yesterday, or the day before. It is just me, and for once, I am thankful for it. The traffic is moderate; leaving so early at night has proven most useful. But I still got a long journey to go, a long and lonely one. Deep inside I have a fear that Abigail will have noticed of my disappearance by now and probably is more than furious. However, that does not make me stop, nor makes me think about possible side effects to what I have done. 
	I enter Maine four hours after leaving home, the answer to the piece of paper lies only some miles away from me and it is now that I start to realize that I am getting closer and closer to Elizabeth somehow. I keep driving, crossing more bridges and feeling the water beneath me as the precursor of a fresh start, for both of us. It has come to a point that I hardly feel the car, I drive as smoothly as I can and I am getting over the fear I had when I left, it may be the adrenaline in me that kills everything else, but I like it.
	Nearly six hours after having a duel with myself about this whole thing, I enter the town of Bath; the wide streets are perfect for me, so I don't have to think too much about driving. I go past the city hall, with the grey rocky pillars welcoming me to the city. Nearly 8,500 people living here, I cannot imagine living more at peace than this, far away from anything that could mean trouble. 
	I drive around looking for Middle Street, one hand holding the wheel, and the paper note with the other. It seems impossible to get there, I have no idea of where the street might be, so eventually I pull over near some neighbors going for a stroll near the city hall to ask for directions. Two nice women answer me with funny jokes and smiles, I have been circling around the same street all the time instead of just driving ahead, which would have lead me straight to Middle Street. I thank them both with a wide smile on my face, impersonating their own, and start the car again. I drive carefully enough not to miss the corner I am supposed to take. 
	I turn right when I get to Middle Street and keep a close eye to the numbers on the building's walls. 212 is a long way ahead. It takes me about five minutes of slow and careful driving to get there. I am lucky and I can park the shiny car that has attracted so much attention along the way right in front of the door. 
	I get off the black BMW and walk straight to the door. I pass by the mailbox and the surname Harris is written on it with white painting and beautifully written letters. No doubt, the woman that wrote the volume on the Immortals lives here. I go up the stairs and knock the door, not knowing if I should, but since I came all the way, I am not turning back now. Not without my answer.
	I hear footsteps on the more than likely wooden floor. Before reaching the door, the footsteps stop, I hear how the door unlocks and then slowly opens. To my surprise, I am not welcomed by a Harris, after all. It is Abigail herself, looking as furious as one could be.
	"What on earth were you thinking?" She shouts at me, grabbing my shirt by the chest and pulling me in. 
	"You wouldn't take me here" I answer, defensively.
	"And for a reason!"
	I hear a noise at the other end of the big hall. 
	"Let him in dear, I am dying with curiosity here."
	Abigail looks at me, still mad.
	"Yes, you are famous here too."
	I walk behind Abigail as she leads me through the house. We go past a beautifully wooden made kitchen and go straight into a beautiful and exquisite living room. There is a woman sitting on a black armchair and a man standing behind her, smoking. They both look to be around sixty years old.
	"Hello Alexander, ever so pleased to finally meeting you" the woman says as she stands up to greet me in her house. She is wearing colorful clothing, and her hair is as messy as Abigail's. Her eyes though, are plain blue.  
	"You know me?"
	"Of course we do" the man behind the armchair says "My name is James, young man, Barbra's husband."
	"For now" Barbra adds to James's introduction of himself "He did not do the washing up last night." She is obviously joking, but her tone was so severe that I do not realize about the joke until I see them holding hands.
	Abigail is so nervous that she keeps hitting the floor with the tip of her shoe and whenever she has the chance she takes a glimpse at the living room's window.
	"What is wrong with you?" I ask finally.
	"I will tell you what is wrong with me you little pain in the ass!" She uses her pointing finger to scare me even further. "You escaped!"
	"Well, I obviously did not succeed."
	She gets even closer.
	"You don't get it, do you? I had to teleport to get here to find you. I may have been traced, they might be on the move just now. Do you realize what you have done?"
	I remain silent for a couple of seconds, to give her time to catch some air.
	"Well, you could just have waited for me to come back."
	"I couldn't."
	Everyone in the room is waiting for an explanation after that comment.
	"Elizabeth and I grew up like sisters, Alex. I promised her I would look after you, that I would not lose sight of you or else I would give up my soul."
	I don't know what she means, but her tearing eyes show her at her most vulnerable. I suddenly feel something in me, something I thought I would never feel for her, sadness. 
	"The most precious thing to a God is the soul, young boy" Barbra tells me from the armchair. "That is a commitment not many of them would do.”
	"I only did it because Elizabeth is the only family I consider to have left, and personally, I don't care about her not becoming a God, but if she dies because you do something stupid, I will not forgive you, ever."
	I have a feeling of regret that I have hardly felt before.
	"I'm sorry" I say, finally.
	It takes us a long time to start a new conversation. Everyone looks at me, and I don't know what to think, I just look back at them.
	"I am sure you have some questions?" Barbra tells me after a while.
	"Yes, I would like to know if Elizabeth ever came here."
	"Indeed she did. That's how we know you. "
	"What did she want?" My trembling voice gives away the buzzing in my stomach.
	Barbra stands up and walks to a big desk standing at the corner of the room. She takes what it seems to be a copy of her book and hands it to me.
	"How do you think I got to know all I wrote about?"
	I give her a suspicious look.
	"Exactly" she says "I am one of them" she looks at James and smiles back. "Do you remember how nice I looked back then dear?"
	"Indeed I do."
	"You should have said that I still look good!" she murmurs something I can't hear. "Husbands…" She says in the end.
	I try to get her attention back by clearing my throat.
	"Yes, sorry. Well, she knew that no mortal could know about all those things; the world of the Gods is strictly hidden from the world of the living, and half the things in the book are intentionally not accurate, precisely for that reason."
	"Alright…" I say slowly, trying to understand the meaning of what she says as I say the word.
	"She wanted to know how I managed to stay away from that, how I managed to get on living" She stops for a moment. "With him." 
	"Madness, if you ask me" Abigail breaks her silence.
	"Why would you say such thing?" James seems surprised to hear her opinion.
	"Have you heard what's going on? It is regency era, the underworld is on the move and it is impossible to break the rules."
	"Well it was not impossible for us dear" It is impressive how Barbra keeps her smile and positivism all the time, I have been around her for least than an hour, and I already think that everything is possible. Perhaps the fact that she is living proof of it helps me realize that it is indeed possible. She gives me hope.
	"Again, it is different times, and Elizabeth is a Mears. Nothing like what you had."
	"It might be, but the context is the same" Barbra comes right at my side "she loves him far beyond her nature. That is the only thing it matters."
	I look at Abigail, she can't find an answer to that, and neither can I.
	"So how did you do that?"
	"Well, young boy, it was a long time ago and nothing similar had ever happened, not that we knew of. I only was determined to be with James, no matter what. I did not care about living forever, what was the use of an eternal life, if living forever meant destroying the one thing I loved? So we found a way to beat the system, their system. "
	I stand still, not moving, not breathing, I don't want to miss a bit of it.
	"I stayed away from him, I had no contact with him, at all. I felt the connection between us going away, killing us both slowly and painfully. But after long months, I stood up against my leader, I told her that hers was not my world. I went away, to find James, and once our eyes met again I knew we had succeeded. My condition as an Immortal was something I left behind. I chose to live, to go on with him. We paired our souls in our own way, not living forever, but longer than any other mortal, together."
	I feel my eyes watering again. She tried to keep me close, forever. I said things that I now regret, more than anything.
	"But she failed" she states firmly.
	That's what Elizabeth said.
	"She could not let you go, she was too worried about you, for something that happened in your past and did not let you go on with your life. She always kept an eye on you, no matter how hard I tried to make her understand. "
	"Then Mal came."
	"Exactly, and she came back to you too."
	The lady warms me with her arms, I am about to start shaking again, I have never felt so useless in my life.
	"Now she tried to do it again, but it was too late, the night is close." She grabs my face with her wrinkled hands. "Have this in mind, Alex. The true dangers in life come from the people we hold dearest to our hearts, and not from our enemies. Not because they betray us, but because we can't bare the possibility of loved ones suffering, and we interfere."
	We both interfered, me and Elizabeth. She saved me from Mal, twice, and now I have broken the promise to remain safe to come here. 
	"What do we do now?" I ask with a trembling voice.
	"Go home, and hope for the best" James tells me from behind.
	"And if we ever see each other again, we will stand at your side. None of us could turn our back to those going through what we ourselves had to do."
	"Well darling, not all of us are Immortal, keep that in mind."
	"Shut your mouth, dear" Barbra answers smiling, but with her eyes fixed on mine, and I swear I can see a glimpse of green light in them.
	Barbra forces us to spend the night, she knows we have to drive back a long way and this has been an exhausting afternoon. We agree, not before calling back home and making sure that everything is alright. I sleep in the couch and let Abigail take the spare bed they have. I would not use a bed tonight, I have something inside me that keeps me awake all night, something I once called hope that now is more like a fear of hoping too much.
	I don't dream today, I have no time for that.
	When dawn wakes us, Barbra has prepared an extraordinary breakfast to give us the strength we need to complete our journey back.
	"You do need all the vitamins you can take in, you look far too thin."
	I smile at her, and eat everything on my plate. We are ever so grateful for what they have done for us, at least I am- Judging by her expression, Abigail obviously would have preferred for us not to meet. 
	After two more hours with them, discussing what we have gone through, Abigail decides that it is time to go back. So we stand up and walk towards the door. Once we open it, I know that something is wrong.
	The tall and pale figure standing in front of me is a proof that something is really, really wrong.
	Tristan is here.

CHAPTER 38
He is standing right in front of the car. I look at him not knowing what to do or say. Abigail remains by my side and I have the feeling that she is going through the exact same situation.
	"Who might you be?" Barbra shouts from the other end of the corridor.
	Tristan takes a long time before moving his feet towards us. He stops before going up the stairs and then he answers with his polite, and calm voice.
	"I have been sent to warn them, lady."
	"That does not quite answer my question" she implies.
	"His name is Tristan, he and I shared leader, but that was a long time ago."
	"You have not changed, Abigail" Tristan looks at her, as if he wanted her to vanish.
	"Neither have you."
	We all remain there for a long minute, then Barbra restarts the conversation once again, asking Tristan why is he there.
	"Elizabeth sends me. It appears that our dearest Abigail went missing days after becoming a God, which is highly unusual, but on top of that, she did so the same day that our young fringe here did. I do not need to explain how curious Constance found the situation. "
	"And when they received news of Abigail being here..."
	"They are on the move. Elizabeth and Jay travel along with Constance, almost as hostages, Constance won't let the chance go away. Elizabeth sent me to warn you both."
	"You mean you are not going to help them?" James shows up from Barbra's behind. 
	"And how might I? I have done exactly what was asked of me."
	"Well, you could perhaps stay with them. We don't want the poor girl to kill the boy."
	Tristan looks at me, I feel like if this was the first time we had ever met. Probably he does that on purpose, but it is getting weird.
	"Indeed" he says. 
	"We got another romantic here" Abigail does not want to proceed with the conversation and so she walks to the car.
	Tristan does not answer, but the look in his eyes tells us all that Abigail is right. 
	"I won't leave, for now.”
	Barbra and James hug me; I feel the comfort of their company once more. They give me strength not to surrender. 
	"Drive carefully. Don't use your Goddish tricks. "
	We get into the car, Abigail is already at the wheel and the engine is roaring silently. She looks at both of us as she starts the car. We go up Middle Street and before I can notice we turn left, go past the city hall and leave the city with less difficulties than when I first entered it.
	"You are obviously hiding something from us" She keeps her eyes on the road, but the tone of her voice is highly increasing.
	"Indeed. Elizabeth is afraid that they are not the only ones who sensed you."
	I know what that means, there is no need to use names. Abigail changes gears and we start going faster. I am sure that nothing will happen, I don't need to be afraid for going so fast inside a car. Of course not; cars are safe, and especially when driven by a maniac who basically can't die. Alright, I'm in trouble. 
	I'm alright, I'm alright. Nothing's going to happen. Not today, this car is the safest place where I could possibly be. I need to keep telling that to myself for a long while before I can open my eyes again.
	"What is our best move, then?"
	"Best move?" Tristan mutters with his serious and lifeless voice. "You can't hide forever, you know that. We know each other, there's no hiding."
	I know what Tristan means, I've seen it. Immortals can hide their true nature from those who are unfamiliar with them, just like Jessica did with Jay, that's why Mal never showed up around me when Jay or Elizabeth were near. They have us trapped, me and Elizabeth.
	"So what do we do" I ask trying to hide all the fear trapped in me.
	"We'll drive back, and we will think of something. I am not breaking my promise."
	The car moves so fast that I can't focus on my thoughts. Tristan and Abigail talk about something that I can't or don't want to hear, I am not sure which of the two it is. I am just terrified once again for the possibility of my imminent death, or Elizabeth's. 
	Now that I get to spend more time with Tristan I look at him and I feel somewhat pity for the God. I know what it is not to be alright, but he seems miserable all the time, forgotten even, nothing but a pale memory of what the young Immortal hidden inside him once was. I won't ask about it, it's none of my business and the last thing I want is an awkward situation with whom has been sent to help us undo our wrong, somehow.
	"You know what I just can't get?" Abigail shouts out after a long silence. "Why would the old woman write that book? I mean, it's just stupid isn't it? It's not even telling the truth!" She laughs as she mentions it. But her broken voice tells me that she just wanted to break such an awkward silence. 
	However, why indeed would Barbra write the book? Perhaps it was a way of warning the world that something else was out there, something that we could never come to imagine. Maybe, just maybe, she has been of great help to many other Mortal Fringes, just like she has been to me and Elizabeth.
	The hours go by and the car is getting more and quieter. The three of us are thinking of ways of postponing the inevitable, unsuccessfully.  I know that Abigail blames me for this whole thing, not just for being back in the States with me, but for the whole situation. I am sure that if it had been her choice I would probably be chained to a tree, awaiting for the moment that Elizabeth had to become a God, more or less like Constance would. Thankfully, she is closer to Elizabeth than to Constance. However, on the other hand, I do see desperation on Tristan's eyes. I am not sure it is for me, as I guess it has to do with Elizabeth, but he is really trying to come up with something. It comes from his heart, no matter how cold he is, he wants to help, why else would he have stayed with us?
	"We will need people" he says finally, with his fingers touching his forehead. "That's how we avoid them."
	They both start a new conversation that it is far too complicated for me, it's not about logistics, but tradition instead, their own tradition as Gods. In the end, I pick up what I consider to be important, which is the same thing Barbra told me when I walked into her house. The world of the Gods is highly forbidden for those who are foreign to it. If we can stick around people, we should be fine. Gods would never put themselves on a vantage point.	
	Night is falling upon us when we reach my house door. Abigail has parked the car a couple of blocks away just in case, it feels like we are in a gangster film. I am about to open the door when I remember that only two of us left, and now we are three.
	"What do we tell her about Tristan?"
	"He is a distant relative of mine that you wanted her to meet."
	"Why would I…"
	"Shut up and open the door" she cuts me.
	I open the front door and the creaking gives us away. My mom is right in front of us in less than a minute, smiling but with a hint of anger in her face.
	"Did you guys have fun?" she asks, and I know that she is not being nice, the irony in her voice is something only I could notice.
	"It was terrible, the weather was completely atrocious. We should not have gone at all, after all. Isn't that right, dear?"
	"Of course" I blush, “But at least we got your cousin out of there."
	"Louise I would like you to meet Tristan, he is my uncle's son, we are just now going to find him a place to stay.”
	"Don't be ridiculous, there's a spare bed on the basement.”
	"Alex, your mom is just the best, I will steal her from you" she says.
	I smile, my mom expects me to say something but instead I just grab her hand and walk with her to the living room. With my free hand, I point to the stairs and I can see Abigail and Tristan going up to my room.
	"I am terribly sorry for leaving so unnoticed."
	"Don't ever do that to me again Alexander Stills, never has “she hugged me “I was dying with anxiety. What if something had happened to you? I"
	"I'm sorry, mom. I really am."
	"I can't lose another son," she cries. "I'm glad you are home. My little boy"
	She always called me that, her little boy.  
	I kiss her goodnight and go up to my room. Abigail and Tristan are talking and they suddenly stop doing it the moment I walk in. Quite obviously, they were talking about me, but I don't force them to tell me about it. I just lie on my bed and try to think about anything that I could use to help us. Anything at all. 
	My mother's words are still on my head. I hate myself for what could happen if Constance finds us. I keep my eyes closed, trying to retain the image of her face telling me that she can't lose me; that, I hope, will give me all the strength in the world to never give up. 
	With the buzzing of Abigail's and Tristan's talking, I fall asleep. I don't think I will dream today, not after knowing that they might be after us right now, because I just realized what that means.
	 When I wake up in the morning, I will only have a day left to live.

CHAPTER 39
I can't eat today, it's like the food can't go passed my mouth. The nerves are driving me mad and even though I am trying to do my best to hide it, I can't say it works the way I'd like. Abigail and Tristan are sitting in front of me, they both look as frustrated as I do. It is a silent meal.
	I am left just with my mom afterwards, the Gods leave to my room to, as they put it, settle things up for Tristan. I stay there in front of the television, not hearing a thing. The phone rings and mom picks it up. It's grandpa, he went to a little trip with some friends. They talk for a long time, I don't want to talk much today so when she offers me the speaker to talk to him I decline the offer. I am not in the mood for anything today, nor will I ever be, perhaps.
	I help my mom with the washing up, she looks weirdly at me, not because I don't usually help her, but because I am sticking around too much today, if only she knew… I want to spend as much time as possible with her. But of course she does not know that, and she can't know. I am finishing the last dishes when she shows up behind me with a large box, wrapped in black paper. 
	"What's this?" I ask putting the last dish on the sink.
	"Don't get too enthusiastic. Come on, open it" she keeps smiling so much that I start to feel bad almost instantly. 
	I carefully take the box from her hands and put it on the table. It's not too heavy so I have no problems doing that. There's a silver ribbon around it. I cut it with my teeth because I can't find the scissors. The paper comes off pretty easily, I try not to damage it, as I have always done. I look down to its content and I immediately start to cry.
	Two Super Bowl tickets. The ones she won.
	"Come on Alex, don't be so childish, you have never been a huge fan of football. Not once in your life!" she jokes at me when she notices my crying.
	"David did" I say trying to keep the tears from falling.
	What she does not know is that she has probably saved my life, Tristan said we needed people. I don't know how many will be there in the stadium but half the population of the world will be watching. 
	I jump on my mom's arms and thank her again.
	"I'm sorry there's only two."
	"Won't you be coming?"
	"What? Me? No thank you, I will watch some teenage girl film on TV."
	I smile and run upstairs to my room. I am glad to see that the sad look on their faces is still there, so I can change it. I tell them about the tickets and they seem to believe it can actually work. Tristan stands up and starts planning everything up, how are we going to get there, at what exact moment we are going to be leaving… On the other hand, Abigail just sits on the floor, smiling and closing her eyes, almost experiencing the same feelings I went through down in the kitchen. This might work.
	But I don't want to keep my hopes too high, I know all about Murphy's Law, if anything can go wrong, it will. So we just take it seriously and keep on planning as smoothly as we can.
	"There's only two tickets."
	"I will stay" Abigail volunteers herself without hesitation. "I am not as experienced as Tristan is, he is stronger, and if I stay I can take care of Louise."
	I thank her for that.
	"Then you and me will leave tonight, we need to get there on time to mix with other people. Make them cover our scent, so to speak."
	I nod. 
	Tristan urges me to pack up the absolutely necessary, which basically is my mobile phone, and something to eat and drink.  He looks at me from the corner of my room as I get ready. He knows I am nervous and terrified, I know. But it does not make me uncomfortable, not at all. It's good to have someone not judging you once in a while, especially if we are talking about Tristan, whose greatest gift is clearly not human interaction and therefore questioning all my moves would be completely normal for him.
	"Are you sure you need to go so early?" my mom asks when we tell her about our plan of leaving as soon as possible. 
	"Mrs. Stills."
	"Louise."
	Tristan smiles, awkwardly.
	"We would not want to get into a traffic jam."
	My mom nods, pretending she is fine with our decision, but it is clear to me that she is not enjoying watching me leave again, at least now she knows about it. 
	Tristan is in the car, getting familiar with everything, I hardly think he has ever driven a car before. I take my small bag, say goodbye to my mom and head to the car. Something stops me.
	I hear Abigail whistling at me from the door. I turn back and she gets closer, her face shyest as ever.  She hugs me and I feel she is not pretending, nor acting out for my mother.
	"If I have ever done something to upset you, I can't say I care" she says with a funny voice. "Promise me you will come back" she whispers, just for me.
	I have never been one for promises, I have always felt that people should not commit themselves to something they clearly can't be sure about. But this time, I hope again, for the best, and so I do as she says and promise to do return. Somehow, I never expected her to say that to me, perhaps a one month relationship has changed her way of thinking, perhaps now she would not let me die, after all.
	"Look after my mother" I whisper too. "Please."
	"As if she was my own" she smiles before giving me quick nock on my shoulder.
	She goes back to the front gate and I get into the car. Tristan is still looking at the panels, the injection, and the wheel.
	"Have you ever done this before?"
	"My abilities never required learning how to drive" he says, calmly.
	"Do you want me to do it?"
	He looks at me, offended.
	"I hardly think that would be necessary. Gods are fast learners. "
	Tristan starts the car and we start moving, slowly and clumsily at first, but as we reach the high way things improve and he could pass for an experienced driver. 
	I had known from the very beginning that the trip to Indianapolis was going to be silent and not at all interesting. All I can do is watch the landscape as he drives. Not a single word has been spoken since we left home. His hands are firmly holding the wheel, we are clearly not going to go off the road. I hold my head from falling with my hand. An hour or so later, I have had enough silence, and I break it, for the first time in my life I think.
	"Can I ask you something?"
	He looks at me, I know he thinks ill of me for asking such a thing, if it was for him, he would remain silent all the way. Eventually, he does something similar to a nod, I take it as an affirmative response.
	"Why are you here?"
	"Here? In the car?"
	His way of talking is confusing and frustrating at times, it's like he has never been with normal people, as Elizabeth and Jay have.
	"No, here, with me. You said Elizabeth only sent you to warn us, and yet you stayed."
	Tristan's pale skin turns even lighter. After a while he clears his throat.
	"One does many things out of unthinkable feelings, for a God."
	"What feelings?"
	"Regret" He says in a small whimper "I know what she is going through."
	I look at him and I see his eyes watering. 
	"But you became a God, after all."
	I can see his forehead frown, and his eyes close. His hands shake on the wheel and the car starts doing weird things and noises.
	"Sorry, I did not mean that" I apologize. "I meant to ask why you did you become a God."
	"Constance made me, of course. The family of my Mortal Fringe had been compromised, she was going to wreck them all if I didn't. What I did not understand was that I would be the one to destroy that family if I were to become a God" he is close to sobbing. "I was fooled by hope, I took the soul and now I am paying for it."
	"I am sorry" I murmur. "What was her name?" I ask trying to get myself closer to him, to understand his feelings and with his, Elizabeth's.
	Tristan laughs, I can see a couple of tears fall from his eyes and wet his pale skin. I smile too, but I don't know why.
	"John, the name was John."
	"Sorry, I didn't…" I literally don't know what to say now, I must look ridiculous trying to hide myself from him, inside a car.
	"It's quite alright, it's not usual in within Gods.”
	The rest of the trip is mostly silent, with some spontaneous comments about me and Elizabeth, about Barcelona and how we got to know each other. Although Tristan is clearly more interested on how I managed to get over the fact that she was going to be claiming my soul. He is very respectful about it and tries not to mention it much, to avoid awkwardness between us.
	By the time we get to Indianapolis there's a feeling of festivity that I have hardly seen before in my life. The streets are full of people and the short drive to the stadium turns into an epic journey; our own little Odyssey.  Tristan manages to park the car somewhere near the stadium, something very unusual. I guess it has something to do with some of his abilities. Tristan pulls out a couple of Giant's shirts and we lose ourselves with the crowd. 
	We enter the stadium following the thousands of people in front of us, and as we do I notice how the sky starts to turn black. Suddenly I don't feel so lucky and not at all optimistic about this. 
	Dark clouds cover the city, like a terrifying omen. 

CHAPTER 40
Thunder. I can't say if it's real or if it's only happening in my head. Tristan looks anxious, he looks up to the sky and I know he thinks that is not from natural doing. We are sitting on our seats, surrounded by thousands of people screaming and yelling at the screens, waiting for the players to come out to the field. It's too bad neither of us feel the same way as they do, so enthusiastic about what they are about to see, so naïve to think that there is nothing more to be worried about, that the world has no barriers within itself. But they are wrong. I know it, but what can I do? Obviously telling them about all this other side of what they know is out of the question. I just remain on my seat, pretending to be extremely happy as I follow Tristan's eyes, deconstructing the whole place.
	"Are we ok?" I ask, nervously.
	"Unknown."
	For once I would like to be like him, able to express so much and yet so little, using nothing but a single word. 
	The game is about to start, the irritating and enthusiastic voice of the reporters fill my ears and the music starts to play. The Giants are introduced and the stadium bursts into wild screaming. Everyone around me stands up to add emphasis to their yelling. I try to do the same, although it's clear that I am not an expert on the subject and I am mainly a misfit here. So is Tristan, who does not even bother to stand up, he remains seated with her hands on his lap and his vision fixed on the field. He does not blink, nor breathe, he does not even move. People look at him and I can't do anything else but jump on him and shake his whole body while shouting to the players, alongside the rest of the stadium.
	"That is not appropriate" he says. "We need to focus on your protection."
	"Look around, if you want to come out of here alive you better join the crowd. If not, either they kill us both or whoever is looking for us won't have much trouble to find us."
	"Good reasoning.”
	He claps while sitting and moving his body from side to side and then the other.
	"Ok, bad idea, just shout with them, no need to move."
	He nods, I can't believe I am teaching a God about something I know nothing about.
	We wait for a couple more minutes; the New England Patriots are already on the field. Both teams seem to be heating up tensions, teasing the immense ton. The game starts and the shouting gets even louder. I can hardly see the ball; the people in front of me are standing up and are blocking my vision. Well, at least they hide us both.
	By the end of the first half I know I have missed a lot of the game, luckily for me, as I am not a diehard fan of sports I don't feel too frustrated for not having been able to follow the thing, or match, I should think, just in case someone over here can sense that I am not into football. I have more important things to think about, although I must admit that the happiness from the people around me is helping me to take all those thoughts away.
	 I am also feeling more and more distant from danger because I am meeting people every waking second. All of them try to teach me about the game, in order to be able to follow it, but I am so into other things that I can't keep up with all the information. The only thing that I remember when the first half ends is that the Patriots are leading the game 9-10, and since I am seating on the Giants part of the stadium, and wearing their shirt, I try to be as angry and mad as the rest of them. Tristan joins the screaming and two seconds later everyone is talking to him, as if he was the friendliest person in the world. Oddly enough, he manages to sound perfectly human.
	Suddenly, the lights go off and I feel the rain over me. Silence all over the stadium. Some music starts in a matter of seconds. 
	"This is going to be fun, isn't it?" The familiar female voice gives me chills. 
	I turn my head. Mal is sitting right behind me, smiling as always and clapping alongside the rest of the multitude.
	I turn back to the field, wishing that I did not just see her. I see the mud on the grown, the lights pointing right at it, the rain pouring and the stands around it.
	After all, it all was meant to be. 
	Tristan stands up and puts himself between me and Mal. Everyone around us looks at the situation with some hesitation. No one knows what to do.
	"Please Tristan, move away."
	"I won't."
	Mal breaks into hysterical laughter again. 
	"You don't want me to hurt you, do you?" She caresses his face. "Come on, for old times?"
	"Stay away."
	"You know I would have let you keep John, right? I wish I had been around."
	Tristan bursts out with fury.
	"Shut up!" he throws her in the air. She flies as Tristan leads her with his hands. Mal goes over the edge of the stadium and disappears. 
	The people sitting near us start screaming, they are all terrified for what they have just seen. Tristan turns to me, breathing harshly.
	"Run!"
	I do as he says and disappear into the crowd. The half time show is starting and the music is so loud that the screaming is easily confused by excitement. I can feel Tristan right next to me all the time although I can't see anything. My only goal is to keep running and disappear into the darkness of the night. 
	But I fail.
	A terrible force pulls me from the ground ant throws me into the field. 
	I lie on my back. The wet floor is turning into mud and I can hardly move. I can see Mal approaching me with her green eyes fixed on mine. 
	I can't escape from destiny. 
	She is here, still laughing. She cleans the little bruise that she got from Tristan's attack, and then gets on her knees to look take an even closer look at me, her prey.
	"Aren't you familiar with this?"
	I look around, I am. She bends over me and the only thing I can see is her deep, stabbing green eyes.	
	And so my dream begins.

CHAPTER 41
I am freezing.
	My back is soaking wet. Mal rips my body with her green eyes and I can't move, terror is paralyzing me. She moves her hand and throws me to one of the corners of the stadium.
	I hit my head so hard that I almost black out. I try to open my eyes but I can't. I can only bring my hands to cover the bruise on the back of my head and try not to scream. The lights are on whoever is performing the half show, so no one can see me dying here. Mal comes back and grabs me by the neck. She tries to rise me from the ground but something hits her back. She only frowns her forehead and goes back to smile again. 
	"I said, stay away."
	Tristan has found me. 
	Mal does as he says and drops me to the ground. My dizziness makes it impossible for me to distinguish which of the two shadows I see in front of me is Mal, and which is Tristan. I try to stand up but I can't, my legs won't hold me, not like this.
	"Tristan, Tristan, Tristan… I thought you would have manners!" She punches him on his stomach and throws him away from us. "Never hit a lady."
	He comes back; he teleports and appears in front of me, covering my wounded body with his own.
	"You are going to be alright."
	"Please, don't lie to him" She hits him again, but this time she does not throw him away, he remains where he is. Protecting me.
	"Trust me" he says. I do, I don't need to say it. "Grab my hand."
	I do as he says and he teleports us, not too far away. I still can hear the half time show. 
	"Where are we?" I ask.
	"Underneath the stadium. It might buy us some time" he is exhausted. He can hardly stand on his feet. "Come on" he grabs me and takes me away, looking for shelter. Looking around as if he was expecting something.
	"Tristan, I can't go on with this" I am ashamed of myself for saying it, but it is the way I feel. My body is broken and I have no more hope, no more strength to go on.
	He drops me on the floor and punches me on the face.
	"You are not going to give up, you understand? You are not!" his screaming hits me harder than the punch. I nod, trembling. "Let's go."
	We keep moving, and for a while it seems like we have lost her. But it is not too long until we hear the fearless laughter behind us.
	"Tell me, what are you planning on doing after your failed attempt to run away?"
	Tristan lets me go, he looks at me smiling. Confident of himself.
	"Fight back, of course" He uses his remaining strength to get all the benches and pipes on the air and a vivid fire covers them instantly. Tristan throws them against Mal, who was clearly not expecting it. 
	There's water pouring from everywhere and the woman is throwing all her power against Tristan's. He is not giving up and fights her with everything he can find. 
	Fire and water clashing together as Tristan and Mal fight to the death, if they could so easily die. The flames, coming from Tristan's mind, surround the body of their adversary, but Mal seems to be too powerful for that. She won't be bended, she is not going to be defeated so easily, or so her green eyes tell me.
	I stand up and pick up a highly wrecked pipe that has fallen right by my side. It is broken in half and one of the ends is really point and sharp. I make my way through the falling water and persisting flames of the eternal fight, and before Mal notices me I stab her with the pointy end of my rage. She screams so loudly that I fall to the ground. She turns back and her eyes burn with fury.
	"End of the game" She says. 
	She rises her hand and with it Tristan loses his balance. Mal makes a quick move and throws him against the wall, where more than ten broken pipes meet him, breaking his body and hanging him from the wall. As a war trophy.
	"Tristan!" I scream trying to run to him.
	"I'm alright, fly!" he screams while trying to free himself.
	The way back is totally destroyed, the flames and water have turned it into an impossible path. And no matter how hard I try I will never be able to fool Mal all by myself. So, instead of running away, I turn around and face her.
	"Look at this, we got a brave boy."
	I say nothing. She does not deserve an answer, not from me, not from anyone. That is the one way to beat evil, to look at it in the eye and let it know that you are not weak.
	"I don't like this attitude of yours, Alexander. After all, I haven't done anything to you… have I?" she smiles "Don't take it personal, I can take care of those bruises in a moment, do you want me to?"
	I hear her question as a proposal for a deal. She wants me to join her, to give Elizabeth to her just like that. But that is not going to happen, I can feel Tristan thinking the same, so for the first time I look at those eyes and draw a smile on my face.
	"Go to hell."
	"Dear boy, have you not realized yet? I went there, and made it mine" She grabs my neck again and we disappear. 
	Teleporting is different with her, my whole body aches and the unbearable cold is killing me. When we reappear, my whole body freezes again, the smart smile on my face disappears. We are twenty feet over the stadium. 	
	"You are crazy" I whisper with the little breath I have.
	"I'm not, I can assure you that" she squeezes my neck harder.
	I can hear the people celebrating under my feet. It doesn't matter how hard I tried to scream for help, no one would hear me now. And if they did, I cannot imagine what the reaction might be. 
	"I must admit, Alexander, that I value your honor" she looks at me in the most interesting way "why would you put your life forward for someone who wants you dead?"
	"You know nothing."
	"You are wrong, I know everything." she squeezes even harder. "You must be so important, to put on all this performance for your protection. Did you really think that going away with that useless girl would help at all? I would have not advised you to leave her taking care of your dear mother."
	I lose control when she mentions them. When she mentions my mother. I start to make hard and dangerous movements and shout as hard as I can.
	"What have you done to them?" I scream.
	"Dear boy, you will see them soon."
	I scream again. But she puts her hand on top of my head and I go suddenly silent. I can't talk, nor move. I can only stare at her.
	"Do you know what you are?"
	"Nothing?" I ask with my voice as quietly and relaxed as I can, she is doing this to me. I can't control what I feel or say. 
	"No" She gets closer to me, I can sense here lips touching my ears as she whispers. "You are my trigger, and I thank you for that."
	I don't understand what she means, but I can't ask. Her hand is still on me, and the other is still pressing my neck.
	"I'll say hello to her for you."
	"Don't..." I can hardly make out the words. It comes out being less than a whisper. 
	She moves me away from her and starts to open her hand.
	"Just the way I like it" she looks down and then back at me, smiling with malice "You really thought that being around so many people would make me back up? How nice of you" she jokes "Let them watch."
	She opens her hand, and I fall.

CHAPTER 42
Nothing. That's what I feel as I fall down from the upper darkness of the sky. Far away from here I can hear Mal's laughter, but I don't care. It is finally over, this nightmare has been going on for too long. 
	Suddenly, the screaming of those in the stands that have noticed something falling from the sky. Me. The cold and wet weather feels different as I get closer to the ground. I close my eyes to welcome my finale. Scarcely before smashing myself into the mud someone holds me, I am not falling alone anymore. I open my eyes.
	"Did you miss me, buddy?"
	"Jay!" I can barely move, I feel the ground so close to me that I close my eyes again, and scream to the top of my lungs.
	We miss it. I am still alive. I open my eyes again and I am in a familiar place. The room of the toast. Back in the tower of London. I thought I would never be back here, being here reminds me of that moment. Something I have been trying to forget ever since.
	Jay helps me stand up, my whole body is shaking. The first thing I do is bring my hands to my neck and make sure that it is still there, for some reason I still feel Mal's hands on me, and it troubles me. 
	"Are you ok?" the worried voice does not come from Jay. Elizabeth is standing in front of me and although she is not moving, she does not take her eyes away from my bruises. "I had to send him, I couldn't go... she wouldn't let me" she bursts into tears.
	I run towards her and hold her on my arms for as long as her companion lets us. Constance attitude is not welcoming, nor joyful. She is only there to complete the task she has been working on for a thousand years. I step back, and look at her. I open my arms.
	"What happens now?" Jay asks, holding my arm, protecting me.
	"Now we face her off" I turn around so I can put a face to the soft voice coming from my back. "Hello Alex, I'm glad to see you are still alive."
	"Emma, enough" Constance's low voice is like a grudge to my ears.
	"We can't let her win this!" she yells out loud.
	"Indeed we can't" the two figures once introduced as Constance's fellow leaders join them "But we can't play a part in this fight" Carol is the one talking.
	Katherine rises her hand, ordering us all to stop the talking.
	"Let time help forget of the old mistakes. Be safe within our power until the night ends."
	"No" Carol inquires. "The council won't give aid to them. There's no place for those who go against our ways." She turns to me and Elizabeth "There's nothing between you two but the shadow of what you wish was real."
	"I'll take my chances" Elizabeth claims fearless of the power held in Carol's body.
	Constance's eyes shut and quickly move to meet the Leader. 
	"I am sorry, my dearest friend. They can't stay."
	Katherine does not move, her eyes remain open, fixed on me. There is no smile on her face, nor a pride look. The only thing I see is the eyes of a regretting soul.
	Emma grabs my other hand. 
	"I'll go with them. I won't let you kill my sister."
	Carol moves her hand and throws Emma to the other end of the room.
	"She killed herself" the woman looks firmly at Elizabeth. "Summon the Council, Katherine."
	Upon those words, Constance runs towards us and with an agile movement she makes us disappear. I don't let go of Jay's hand, and I clearly see Elizabeth in front of me. When we hit land again, I know where we are, The Atlas.
	"You" Constance screams pointing at me "you did this!" She raises her hand towards me, but I am not scared.
	"Go ahead" I say defiantly. I open my arms and wait for her strike.
	Elizabeth stands by my side and grabs my hand. Constance looks away, to Jay, who is staring at us, smiling.
	Suddenly, a roaring.
	All of us realize something is wrong when the terrible noise ends. Right in front of us, Mal materializes herself, holding Tristan's body, threatened by the knife she used to take that guy's soul.
	"Did I miss something?" she laughs "I never thought you would be so stupid to come here and leave such a beautiful trace for me to follow. Thank you."
	Mal throws Tristan away from her, and us. She stares at me and keeps smiling.
	"I have to admit, you are funnier to kill than I had anticipated.”
	Constance puts herself between Mal and us.
	"You can't be here. This place is just for Gods and Immortals."
	"Can't you see how much I care?" Mal throws Constance to the distant ground with anger and fury. 
	Constance hits the floor so terribly hard that she loses her notion instantly. Mal is about to repeat her move when Elizabeth runs to the old woman unconsciously. I try to do the same, no one deserves to die in that way, but Mal is faster than me and she gets hold of me again.
	"If you did not want me to find you, the last thing you should do is go back to the most predictable place. Don't you show them anything, mother?"
	Mal looks around, first at Tristan's motionless body, then at Jay and finally to the two women in front of us. 
	"This is almost like a family reunion. We even brought a meal."
	Elizabeth stands up, so does Constance, who is slowly coming back. 
	"Why are you doing this?" Elizabeth's yells could be heard around the world.
	My captor squeezes my body.
	"Ask her. Tell her to tell you the truth about me!"
	"I know the truth!"	
	Constance stands forward.
	"No, you don't" she whispers shamefully.
	"Oh, I like this!" Mal screams.
	Elizabeth grabs Constance's arm, and demands an explanation for what's going on. The old woman, reluctant at first, agrees to Elizabeth's petition, knowing by the look on her face, that she is about to lose another female Immortal.
	"When your sister was supposed to become a God, I was warned that she would be tyrannical beyond reason, she would lack mercy to those inferior to her. She would rule the underworld breaking the peace that we had so hardly earned." Constance looks at Mal with tears in her eyes. "I refused to believe it, I refused to believe my daughter was capable of such evil, how could I believe that from my sweet girl. But then I saw it."
	"What did you see?" Mal is enjoying the moment so much that she cannot even hide the enthusiasm.
	"I saw how you gathered a group of young Immortals, still learning our ways, and slaughtered them all, for no reason, just to prove your power."
	"And what did you do?" The woman behind me asks. I can't believe what Constance is saying.
	The leader murmurs something, but none of us is able to hear her.
	"What did you do?!" Mal repeats, this time screaming.
	"I killed her catalyst. I destroyed the mortal fringe. "
	Mal points the knife to my throat. She is not smiling anymore. I can see fury tears dropping from her green eyes. She is shaking, not out of sorrow, but from rage. 
	"You said I was too powerful and dangerous to become a God, but you made a terrible mistake when you let me become the leader of the forgotten ones" she screams. "They greeted me. Tartars showed me the mercy I had never received before, and now I am finally going to make peace with myself." she squeezes me harder  "You should have crashed my soul when you had the chance, old woman!" her anger is immeasurable.
	"Stop this madness!" Constance yells when she realizes that the knife is getting closer to my throat.
	"How is she going to turn out, I wonder?"
	"Elizabeth?"
	Mal looks around, she shouts something and suddenly a familiar face shows up. Jessica is in front of me, but she looks different, more like a soldier.
	"Grab him."
	The young lady disappears and a second later she is grabbing Jay by his arms. 
	"I would advise you not to move" she says to him "Or I will break you."
	Mal looks at the situation and then she turns back to Constance.
	"Malenie, my girl, don't do this" Constance is begging her.
	"No vengeance is ever simple, I am not just going to hurt you. I am going to destroy you" she looks at Jessica again and with a single gesture the redheaded woman moves her arms quickly enough to break Jay's body, that falls to the ground. Motionless
	Elizabeth and I scream hysterically.
	Jessica bends over my friend's body and smiles back at me with a sadistic and repugnant smile.
	"Stop it!" I can barely hear Constance's words over Mal's inquiring laughter.
	Elizabeth looks directly at me, hiding all her feelings behind a curtain of tears and a forced smile.
	"We only fall together" She thinks, just for me.
	"Tell her everything will be ok, just like you told me" Mal's rotten voice proofs that she has something inside her that has kept her going on all these centuries, a vengeance she will have at any cost.
	"Please..."
	"Tell her now!"
	Constance closes her eyes and turns to Elizabeth.
	"Everything will be alright" she murmurs.
	Mal laughs.
	"Welcome to my life, sweetheart. Look closely, and remember this forever, just like me. Welcome to Immortality."
	She rises her arm and drops it so fast that I can barely see the blade of the knife moving, I only feel it breaking my body, my heart, my soul.  
	I always die in my dreams.
	But this is not a dream. 

CHAPTER 43
I was lying dead on the mud when she came and helped me.
	That's what I've been told, or at least what I think happened. 
	I open my eyes and I am in a familiar place. A garden of dried roses. I feel my body, and I can move it as if nothing had happened. I take a look around, Elizabeth is sitting by my side. I try to stand up but something on my chest stops me from doing it. I undo my shirt and I almost black out when I see the skin ripped off. I try to concentrate on something else and recover my senses. Then I look back at Elizabeth and I see she is holding her hand, with a cut similar to mine on the palm. 
	"What happened?"
	"I took the knife out" she says.
	"But I don't understand, why am I here, what happened to the others? Jay? Abigail? Tristan? Where are they, what about my family?" I am hysterical, I can't stop moving even though the pain kills me every time I do so.
	"Don't worry about that."
	"How can you say that?"
	"Your family and Abigail are hiding with Tristan, they are alright.”
	"My mother knows about this?"
	Elizabeth gets closer to me.
	"Everyone knows, Alex."
	I think about what that means, Barbra said it was their most precious rule, secrecy. I can't even start to imagine what that might do to them. To us.
	"She keeps Jay, they took him, but they don't have his soul. There's hope for him."
	I don't know if I have to be relieved by that, he could still die. It only makes me more nervous. But yet I have another question. The most important one. 
	"How is it possible?"
	She knows what I mean.
	"The knife she used cut my hand, and the blood from my body came into yours."
	Immortal blood keeps things alive.
	"You remember" she smiles "Come, let me show you something."
	I grab her hand, the pain is almost gone. As I stand up I realize everything feels different, I only feel half alive. She walks me through the garden, and as I cross it I understand what it means to her.  Those roses are like her, perfect in their own way, and require long care to become eternal, as they are. But yet, a soft breeze could tear them apart. Immortals resemblance perfection, but as perfect as they are, their soul can be torn to pieces and destroy them.  
	We reach the wooden recipient in the middle of the garden.
	"Look" she says.
	I bend over the light, I see Elizabeth's silver soul and another light, different to hers, with a single drop of blood in the middle. I don't understand.
	"Our bonding was too great that half of your soul left to join mine when Mal stabbed you. You can take it back, if you want, or take mine."
	I smile at her, and turn my back to the wooden pedestal. I can't take her soul, I couldn’t' become what she is, never
	"We only fall together" I say firmly, as my answer. 
	"Together" she whispers.
	I hold her in my arms.
	"Does that make you a God? My half soul?"
	"I don't think so, nothing like this has ever happened before, but I don't think they will be understanding, or merciful. Not now."
	I kiss her on the forehead, trying to think about something else.
	Time goes by, and even though I try to remember what happened the night I almost died I can't bring back the memories. It may have been days ago, even months, life seems to have stopped for me. 
	What about home? What about my mother? I promised her she would not lose another son, and yet… That was a promise I could have never kept. I hope to see her again, someday, when all this turmoil is behind us. If that ever happens.
	I don't know what's happening in the world, and I can't think about it. I can barely bring my mind to realize that everyone I ever truly cared about has been damaged because of me. Elizabeth tries to take the thought away, unsuccessfully.
	"What now?" I ask her when I am confident enough to hear the answer.
	"Now" she begins "we wait."
	"What for?”
	"Anything."
Nothing has happened according to anyone's plan. Wherever this may lead us, is unknown to us. But there is one thing we both know for sure, we are alone now, Gods won't back us up, and Mal's hunger for revenge makes it impossible for us to try to find allegiance in the world above. Whatever we do, we must stick together, now more than ever. Maybe Jay will be able to come back to us one day, but until then, all we can wait for, is anything.
	After all, we are Tartars now.
	Alex, half living
	I turn around and everything in her chamber greets me; the black roses don't look black anymore, the intense power of their colour shines and lights the place, the high and roofless walls protect us both from anything that may come against us. I am ready to call this place home, after all.
	My dark paradise.
###

THE END.
Thank you for reading “The Mortal Fringe”!
Jordi Ribolleda
